   oh , do n't worry . 
  laying out alternatives now would be kinda ridiculous , and it would certainly not be polite to come asking on friday or saturday in case remain wins . 
  if it does ( my preference , but of course i do n't have a say in that ) , however , sometime down the road i would be interested in your opinion on non-leave approaches on how to fix some of the eu 's problems , as far as they are actually fixable ( i think the lacking common public/demos might be a tough nut to crack ) . 
  i hope you are well . 
  the question on how to fix some of the eu 's questions is still here i think . 
  perhaps it is no longer polite for british people to comment on them so directly , but i would be very interested in your views . 
  even though i did vote to leave and am glad to leave , i will still miss the banter !, 
  also , i think without the crazy brits around the eu parliaments will be more boring ... 
   there 's already growing calls again for a form of pr as leaving the eu ushers in a new era of politics in the uk , i think it 's inevitable now . 
  no thanks , i want to keep fptp . 
  the people that are calling for a form of pr are the people that are now signing petitions and going to protests but did not actually vote . 
   because uk is so successful at solving problems ... a country where its future even in 4 months is unknown . 
  it is exciting not to know the future but to be able to discuss it openly . 
   we could try to blame it on immigrants but i do n't think it would be as helpful as there : / i voted for brexit and love the way that so many immigrants like coming to the uk . 
   there will be general meeting soon ... but if her general attitude will be `` guys we 'll solve this issue later '' then we 'll have a big eu problem on our hands . 
  how does the eu normally solve problems ? 
  why would things be different this time ? 
   let 's hope things can be sorted out to our mutual best . 
  this is exactly the right attitude . 
  friendly cooperation is necessary !, 
   i still do n't get the delay tactics of the uk . 
  eu members know that nothing will change until they initiate art 50 negotiations and the uk is under pressure from their own electorate to actually change things . 
  frankly , i do n't get it . 
  actually , uk is not under pressure from electorate to trigger article 50 immediately . 
  i voted leave and i think it does not make sense to trigger article 50 for some months . 
   yeah but the french goverment wants you to start the procedures for leaving as soon as possible . 
  sorry buddy ... no , the uk gets to make the decision . 
  french government is not interesting for us any more . 
   time moved forward and the world changed . 
  time has moved forward and this is why the uk no longer needs to be part of the eu . 
  the world is now global . 
  the uk needs to embrace the whole globe . 
   under which legal framework will the uk negotiate ? 
  who will have a mandate to negotiate ? 
  will it unilaterally repeal the treaty to claw back prerogatives ? 
  i imagine that the uk will change uk law and give itself power to negotiate . 
   not paying , no immigrations , access to the markets - so a trade agreement ttip-style . 
  that is my preference , but obviously it is something that our new government will decide and they should not rush that decision . 
   i 'm afraid - the waiting will hurt us all ... but most likely the uk - as noone invests on moving targets . 
  do n't worry about us . 
  we will get lots of investment soon enough !, 
   i do n't get it - what 's left to decide ? 
  the uk will want to think about what kind of relationship it now wants with the eu and how to go about negotiating that . 
  this will take a lot of time and work and is a decision for the next government . 
  you need to wait . 
   was n't that what 's all about ? 
  so why does n't he want to start immediately to `` save those 350mn/week for the nhs ? '', 
  it is in the uk 's interests to do things in a slow and considered way , to get the best outcome . 
   oh sure ... you will just prolong the uncertainty ... the ftse will show ... and there might come the point people actually demand that those 350mn go towards the nhs ... loel ummm , the uk should delay triggering article 50 until the uk has decided its strategy . 
  just because the eu wants the uk to trugger it immediately , the uk should act in its own interests . 
   which ? 
  not a single eu-partner/country will `` negotiate '' with the uk before the \u00a7 50 is not triggered - while you can not negotiate anything outside the eu till you did not exit ... we can negotiate stuff , just not sign it . 
  the uk should begin negotiations with countries outside the eu on monday . 
   this country will not leave : it was one of the founders of the eu and our media fortunately are n't the same as in the uk . 
  just so that you know many many people in the uk were convinced even until midnight last night that the uk would not vote leave . 
  we are in historic times !, 
   i 'm less certain . 
  such a small margin on such an important issue is n't a very clear mandate . 
  the mandate for leave is larger than the mandate for remain . 
  obviously , the closeness of the result and the views of the large number of people who voted remain need to be taken into consideration when formulating a new relationship with the eu , though the uk now will leave the eu and the result must be accepted by all . 
  no politician in the uk is going to argue that the referendum should be ignored . 
   i fail to see how that 's anything more than mambo-jambo talk . 
  case in point , a former work-colleague of mine who got married around 2008 and whose husband decided to sell their apartment in bucharest , pack things up and move to just outside london , because why not ? 
  in the meantime said colleague has had two kids while her husband works for an uk company which used to do business in romania , but as they are now not part of the eu anymore maybe they 'll have to resort to redundancies , as the americans call it , or to laying people off , as us normal people call it , so that said husband might be among the first to be laid off . 
  the uk has very low unemployment . 
  people wo n't be laid off . 
  hopefully the eu will be able to sort out its bad job market soon . 
   so at the end of the day you have a single-earner family with two kids who have invested the money they had gotten by selling their apartment on trying to make a better life for themselves in the uk and , starting today , being told that 's not possible . 
  how is that going to have a happy end ? 
  of course it is still possible !, 
  i know people from all over the world who have come to the uk to make better lives from themselves and i hope your friends will succeed too !, 
  they are very welcome in the uk and i wish them a lot of success here . 
   machiavellian , but alright . 
  it however does n't take away the impression as if the english and welsh just spit in the face of the rest of europe - and that attitude will not work forever . 
  actually , i love the rest of europe . 
  as mentioned , i think in the long run this is a great opportunity for us all . 
  we just need to be open-minded and focus on the fundamentals , free trade , democracy , openness to the rest of the world . 
  that is my vision and why i voted for leave . 
  you dutchies will soon get used to this vision !, 
  i believe in you !, 
  i beleave in you !, 
   will turn out . 
  also , if you meant to imply that the scots can not hold a new referendum because the matter has been ` dealt with ' some time ago - in different circumstances - than you ca n't uphold that position . 
  after all : the map changed after yesterday ( de facto , albeit not yet de jure ) and the scottish people got the right to vote again after this event . 
  just to be clear , i would be happy for scotland to have another referendum . 
  i am in favour of the people making decisions over how they want to be governed . 
  i just strongly expect them to want to stay in the uk . 
  ( i know many many scots that voted to leave the eu . ), 
   perfidious albion confirmed ? 
  this is just reality . 
  there is no such thing as allies . 
  the world is changing and the uk needs to move with that change . 
  i think it has . 
  the uk now needs to embrace globalism properly . 
   i was missing your jokes for quite some time ... 
  i am completely serious . 
  this is an exciting time for all of us and we should use this moment to ask ourselves fundamental questions of how we want to be governed . 
  we should not be afraid of these questions . 
  they wo n't go away . 
   here 's another question for you : did the rest of europe ask for this ?
