  i 'd be interested to know the conditions , but i expect that they would be a deal breaker . 
  i suspect you do n't want a multispeed europe and that this is something that the uk insists upon . 
  because of this lack of agreement , i do n't think it is possible to continue union . 
  i 'm not sure if i would characterise the uk as sabording potential : in my mind the uk has been the country that has pushed the hardest the most successful bits of the union ( single market and enlargement ) and only pushed against the least successful bits ( euro ) . 
  also , in an institution in which there are few checks and balances and no real parliamentary opposition , i think the uk provides a key check . 
  as to what is in the best interests if the eu in the even t of a brexit , i think that is a bit more complicated . 
  different member states will give you different answers to that question . 
  we will see how negotiations progress . 
  other than that , i largely agree with your post . 
   no it 's not . 
  you 're an integral part of it , it 's not a foreign entity . 
  from the perspective of the uk , brussels is foreign . 
   i would say good riddance . 
  i 'm pretty tired of the uk 's bullshit actually . 
  well , it sounds like you and i both want the same thing then . 
  we both want the uk to leave the eu . 
  though i think britain and france will still be able to trade and co-operate in all kinds of ways , as we have managed these last 1,000 years . 
   obviously , the reality is always more complicated , and politics have to be pragmatic , but let 's not fool ourselves here . 
  you 're not a gigantic gas station like russia is . 
  you do n't really have that kind of influence . 
  no , we do n't . 
  and there are risks with leaving the eu . 
  but that does not mean we should consider it / negotiate hard . 
   i 'd say a targeted tax break designed by the government to reorient the economy is far from a libertarian ideal , given the imbalances hard neoliberals and libertarians would insist it causes in the economy . . 
  i agree it is not really a libertarian ideal , but libertarians already think that tax imbalances an economy . 
  also , while i would put myself in a both socially and fiscally libertarian camp ( i.e. 
  legalise drugs , allow smoking in pubs , allow greater private sector involvement in education etc ) i am not trying to get rid of government completely . 
  i 'm just further along the scale than you are ... 
   according to all international negotiation theories , it has undoubtedly gotten a worse deal than it could have under a larger grouping such as the eu . 
  how about australia 's deals ? 
  or canada 's deals ? 
  i do n't disagree with the theory , but i think i personally could stomach the types of deals that the likes of switzerland and japan get . 
  obviously , our key deal is with the reu and that will be a very emotive one !, 
  but i 'm not convinced we ca n't get it done eventually . 
   i was thinking more tax-breaks and other financial support . 
  a tax break is a very libertarian thing , no ? 
  whatother, 
   i 'm quite certain i made a reply to one of yours earlier today as to why britain loses outside the eu when it comes to ftas . 
  sorry - i saw that , and did intend to reply . 
  has switzerland lost outside the eu when it comes to ftas ? 
   regardless , refocusing does not necessitate signing ftas , but rather incentivizing businesses to take on global approaches . 
  i realise as a libertarian this may be antithetical to you . 
  i think `` incentivising business '' can be very aligned with libertarianism . 
  after all , it can includethe removal of existing legisative/regulatroy barriers / taxes etc. 
  it depends what the incentive is !, 
  i already see myself as a businessman dealing with a lot of the globe ( ! ), 
  and i will listen to any incentive you offer me . 
   the uk did n't ` give up ' its sovereignty , it pooled its sovereignty with other countries to achieve greater outcomes . 
  i do n't disagree with this characterisation of sovereignty , but i suppose i would say that the outcomes have not been greater !, 
   no , it does n't . 
  members of the eea ( that 's the single market ) have to abide by eu laws . 
  you seem to be assuming that the uk is important enough to be able to negociate special rules just for themselves . 
  no country in the eu is going to accept that . 
  that is , if we would even accept you back in the eea after you leave the eu . 
  that 's a big if . 
  [ the uk 's starting position is not to join the eea . ] ( http://www.iea.org.uk/sites/default/files/publications/files/brexit%20entry%20170_final_bio_web.pdf ) . 
  obviously , we ca n't guarantee what the eu will do , and the negotiations will not be easy . 
  but let 's remember that the eu is not united on what they would want here . 
  some nations , ireland , denmark , netherlands , sweden and germany would be very keen to have good trade links with the uk . 
  russia has just annexed crimea and the eu is not even talking about suspending trade with russia . 
  switzerland has voted to limit free movement , and the eu is likely to do very little . 
  the eu has free trade agreements with countries like albania , tunisia and nicaragua . 
  i 'm sure the eu and the uk will be able to reach a sensible arragement . 
   that 's quite the opposite actually . 
  by leaving the eu , brussels would become a foreign entity , which would still dictate your laws and regulations for the most part . 
  this is currently the case . 
   and , you can already refocus your economy on the rest of the world if you want to , the eu is not preventing you from doing so . 
  britain is not currently able to make free trade agreements , as it is a member of the eu . 
  what is your own view ? 
  how would you feel if the uk left the eu ? 
  why do you even mind ? 
   giving up a major chunk of your national sovereignty to a now-foreign entity is a pretty big downside i can see . 
  that 's what we did when joined the eu . 
  that 's why i think the uk should leave . 
   if you do n't like it that i asked you if you were stupid , stop saying stupid things . 
  if you say something stupid , i will call you out on it . 
  i do n't think i did say something stupid , but i have no objection to you disagreeing with me on this . 
  i do have an objection to you writing `` fucking '' to me . 
  it is needlessly agressive . 
   personally , i care because friends and family live in the uk . 
  and i expect this to stay the same regardless !, 
  presumably you also have friends in parts of the world that are n't in the eu ? 
  we will all stay friends ... 
   a federation with the uk in it would be significantly stronger than one without . 
  but is a fereration with the uk in it an option though ? 
  i do n't think this can exist . 
  i think the choice is a federation without the uk or a looser agreement with the uk . 
  of these choices , which do you prefer ? 
   precisely , no you ca n't , because eu laws will apply just the same . 
  this all depends on what is negotiated . 
   a better way to go about it is , what would you expect to win from this ? 
  sovereignty . 
  an end to `` ever closer union '' . 
  a refocusing of the british economy to the growing parts of the world . 
  i still do n't get it . 
  you and i disagree . 
  i think you and i can be civil to each other , but you say things like `` please fo fuck yourself '' to me . 
  why is that ? 
   please go fuck yourself . 
  i do n't get it .
