  if the us wanted him , they would request directly to the uk that the uk extradites him . 
   i 'm surprised by the support for the refugee quota-system , i suspected it to be much lower ( 54 % agree either strongly or somwhat ) . 
  yes , that was interesting . 
  it was also interesting to look at the figures for those who think refugees should be returned to italy or those who think italy should n't have to accept boat people at all . 
   yet in other polls we almost seem like europhiles any examples of this ? 
   anyway : poorer nations want more integration while richer ones are interested in maintaining the status quo , nothing mind blowing . 
  the figures indicate that the uk and the netherlands ( compared to france and germany ) do n't want the status quo . 
  they want repatriation of powers . 
  this should be in the immigration thread . 
  the conservatives would have been in government under any voting system . 
  in a more proportional system there would have been a conservative / ukip coalition . 
  it is n't really any easier for the uk to become nordic than it is for italy to become nordic . 
  can we put this in the megathread please ? 
  i think this is extremely unlikely . 
  the evidence against him is overwhelming . 
  yes , of course . 
  and be charged and convicted . 
  i would advise him to plead guilty . 
  very interesting read about churchill 's emotional response to nazism . 
  nobody voted for the conservatives because of that tree . 
  i think the plan is to update the megathread if there are more than around 500 comments on the current one . 
  this should go in * le megasujet * . 
   we eat horses , piglets , rabbits , small birds , internal organs of these beast , etc. 
  british people stopped eating most of these things a couple of hundred years ago and now cultually we just are n't able to think about the idea of eating them . 
  ( once in florence an italian friend tried to make me eat lingua di maiale but my mind was too much of a delicate flower . ), 
  the attitude of the british government to what you call `` pro poor standard '' is largely a difference in opinion about what helps the poor and the english common law tradition being very different from civil law systems . 
  in the common law the principle of `` freedom of contract '' is much stronger than in the civil law and essentially the uk government and the courts have always been very reluctant to interfere with the arrangements made by individuals . 
  the parties are seen as adversarial rather than collaborative and there is no `` duty of good faith '' differently from most civil law systems . 
  ultimately the common law trusts individuals to want to look after themselves and to be responsible not to enter into bad arrangements , whereas the civil law is more interventionist . 
  the consequence of this has been that uk has been less inclined to want to regulate the arrangements between employers and employees , or lenders and borrowers , or landlords and tenants , or even testators and beneficiaries , preferring that these things are regulated by the market . 
  this has made the common law extremely commercial . 
  whether it ends up protecting the poor more or not is a politicial discussion . 
  however , i think you 'll agree that in terms of helping the poor it is more important to ensure that people have jobs before trying to ensure that employees have wonderful rights . 
   so much for the `` greenest government ever '' . 
  green issues were not centre stage for the 2015 election . 
  the green party , by taking voters from labour , made the tories ' victory easier . 
   foxes i do n't know , but i saw british meps getting emotional over pictures of mistreated piglets ... like , literally crying ... uk has long been culturally different from the continent in loving our animals more than we love our children and this is reflected in legislation . 
  [ this article goes some way to explaining it ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/bless-the-beasts-not-the-children-in-putting-animals-before-people-britain-is-again-the-odd-man-out-in-europe-says-andrew-marshall-1445033.html ) saying that british attitudes are a consequence of early industrialisation and urbanisation compared to much of the continent . 
  i suspect that the reason is older than that . 
  in any case , it is no surprise that our head of state 's only interests are basically dogs and horses and that the uk was the first country in the world to set up a charity specifically for animal welfare . 
  the amount of money that brits give to animal charities is astonishing . 
  donkey sanctuaries in the uk do not know what to do with their money . 
  my top level comment seemed not to get deleted ... 
  i 'm not sure if i agree with your theory completely . 
  for example , socially / r/europe seems fairly left-wing ( generally supportive of things like gay marriage or legalising drugs etc ) . 
  i agree that fiscally / r/europe seems to be fairly conservative and to have accepted that austerity is a must within the eurozone , though in a sense this is simply an alignment with the status quo that we see among eu leaders right now which perhaps is to be expected . 
  in terms of immigration ( apologies for mentioning this outside * le megasujet * ) / r/europe seems somewhat divided , though i agree it is to the right of other parts of reddit e.g. 
  however , it is probably closer to real people than / r/unitedkingdom is . 
  * mods ... *, 
   nope , sorry ... 
  i guess the eu parliament election will be sooner . 
  many thanks . 
  here in the uk there are local elections every may so each year we get some new data about how people are actually voting . 
   in hitting the mark on sd for that one election . 
  yes their method worked . 
  but since it failed when it came to the other partys results and it is not based on statistical science we have very little that indicates that the numbers they are presenting for sd now are actually correct . 
  this might be especially true as sd has since the election become much more accepted in swedish society . 
  i guess we ca n't know until there are new elections . 
  are there local/regional elections in sweden any time soon so we can have some evidence ? 
   and look at which papers i pick at the voting station , unless i pick a blank one and write it in myself in the uk there is only one piece of paper with all the choices on that piece of paper . 
   their polling hit closer to the point as their results are skewed towards sd compensating for the factor that people do not like to confess voting for sd . 
  but thats more of a lucky guess as their results for the other partys where wrong . 
  their selection base is simply flawed . 
  the aim of polling is to be able to work out what will happen in an election . 
  polling can be imperfect for more than one reason . 
  in the case of most swedish polls and the last election it seems like their modelling of shy sd voters showed an imperfection in their modelling : they did not take into account people being dishonest with pollsters . 
  in the case of sentio , it seems like they do n't have this problem ( as people on the internet might not suffer from dishonesty as it is more anonymous ) . 
  you asset that the way they select people means that have a sampling flaw and that the people they select are not representative . 
  i do n't know why you are so sure of that given that they got close to the actual result ? 
  to me this indicates that their selection was not flawed . 
  whether that was luck or skill is uncertain . 
  mods : this is for the megathread !, 
  mods : this is for the megathread !!!, 
   then unification and deciding to fight the entire world twice . 
  did n't germany have italy on the same side one time ? 
  italy would have helped , would n't they ? 
  would n't they ? 
  i think he probably said something about wanting porridge ? 
   come on , just a little fighting . 
  you know you want to . 
  i do n't think it is fair if the uk joins the same side as france and germany against the south . 
  uk foreign policy remains for there to be a '' [ balance of power ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_balance_of_power ) '' in europe . 
  i guess the uk will have to join the south . 
  this will make the war last longer ... 
  as william pitt said upon hearing of the outcome of the battle of austerlitz '' * you can roll up that map of europe . 
  it will not be wanted these ten years . 
  * '' the eurozone crisis is a time in which britain should just say nothing , do nothing and just watch . 
   uk ( if they want to join in ) no thanks . 
  [ splendid isolation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/splendid_isolation ) if you please !, 
  i 'm helping the moderation team ensure that migration is discussed in the megathread . 
  * hello !, 
  please use the megathread !, 
  nobody is forced to work against their will . 
  i choose to work . 
  how about you ? 
  * for the megathread please !, 
   his views on falklands , northern ireland and nato need to be shut if he wants to be pm tho . . 
  somehow i do n't see the telegraph , the express , the mail , the times and the sun talking about anything else for the next five years ... 
  wow , it is actually happening . 
  i still find it hard to believe .
