  however , with the benefit of hindsight , given the loss of life that has occurred , the annexation of crimea , the sanctions , the possibility of yet another permanent frozen conflict in europe , are you suggesting that the eu 's actions were the correct ones ? 
  this is the point farage was making : foreign policy needs to be wise ; outcomes also need to be considered . 
  technically uk government policy is to renegotiate the uk 's relationship with the eu and then have a referendum before the end of 2017 . 
  the renegotiation is going slowly . 
  the electoral commission allows the government to choose the time for the referendum , provided that the public has enough notice in advance . 
  i think that is fair . 
   you really ought to avoid explaining just how wrong he ( and other like him ) are on this issue . 
  if they 're convinced in the long-run ( 20 + years ) america 's ` doomed ' they 're likely to place their ` bets ( investment , stock , etc. ), 
  elsewhere . 
  meanwhile freeing up a greater share of the profits for more rational people . 
  very sensible advice , thanks !, 
  these polls will have an interesting impact . 
  they make the chances of the referendum taking place in 2016 rather than 2017 far less likely . 
  they will also concentrate minds during the renegotiations . 
  they will also really make conservative backbench mps think about their future ... 
   it 's rich because this is a thread that started with blaming `` ignorant western leftists talk of nato 's eastern expansion '' , while both nigel farage and marine le pen showed more than empathy for russia 's reactions . 
  you 're wrong . 
  farage did n't show empathy for russia 's reactions . 
  in the interview you mention , farage stressed that he did not approve of putin 's actions in crimea ( which you would know if you spent 30 seconds googling this ) . 
  his point was that the ukraine crisis was partly a consequence of the eu/ukraine agreement . 
  this had nothing whatsoever to do with nato . 
  ukip have nothing whatsoever to do with putin . 
  why are they bothering to debate this ? 
  they do n't have the power to make decisions about this . 
  this is just for show . 
   this is rich . 
  why on earth is this rich ? 
   ukip leader nigel farage has named vladimir putin as `` the world leader he most admires '' , while he did say this , you ought to look at the full context of the interview to understand it . 
  otherwise i am afraid you are deliberately misrepresenting the situation . 
  what he said was that he admired putin as a operator but not as a human being . 
  in the same interview he also mentioned the number of journalists in jail under putin 's regime . 
   so long as our colleagues compensated us for the loss of trade . 
  do you think your colleagues are likely to do this ? 
   yes !, 
  a european wide tax would be best . 
  no thanks . 
  do this for the eurozone if you must , but not those countries not in the eurozone . 
   seriously , you guys do n't need to be afraid you 'll be overrun by migrants , you are already overrun by idiots and they can cause significantly more harm too true , too true . 
  exactly my feelings . 
  i guess we in the west are so fortunate that we do not know how fortunate we are . 
  with freedom comes the freedom and luxury to be stupid ... 
   and outside of the members of the eu , who are the members of nato ? 
  usa , canada , norway , iceland , turkey , albania . 
   if it quiets the voices and soothes the vapours you can instead pretend that i said that nato and the eu share interests . 
  the eu does n't really have interests other than increasing its own power . 
  different eu countries have different interests , though in common with the entire western world most european countries want to ensure that russia is kept out . 
   but nato absolutely acts in the interest of the eu and that 's why we allow it within our borders nato does not act in the interests of the eu . 
  nato acts in the interests of nato . 
  your use of the term `` we '' in this sentence is extremely confusing . 
  are you referring to the eu here ? 
  or are you referring to nato members ? 
  if you are referring to the eu , your sentence is extremely misleading because the eu does not do any letting . 
  if you are referring to nato members , then your sentence is ungrammatical and has no meaning . 
   why should there be consequences if independent scotland and russia do that ? 
  there are no consequences when nato expands its influence . 
  russia and nato are not moral equivalents here . 
  nato is a defensive pact among liberal democracies . 
  russia is not a democracy and has just annexed another territory . 
   from what you are saying , it 's ok for the us to set up shop in countries next to russia through nato , but it 's not ok for russia to ( theoretically ) set up shop next to nato countries diplomatically . 
  i have n't said it is not okay for russia to set up a military base in scotland if an independent scotland want it . 
  i 've just pointed out what the consequences would be for an independent scotland . 
  however , this scenario is so far removed from reality that it an entirely academic discussion . 
   so it would n't really be ok . 
  i 've no idea what you are trying to say here . 
   right , it 's a way for the us to assume the defense responsibilities of all the other members , who then do n't have to spend as much on their military . 
  it is regrettable that some nato members do not meet their spending obligations , i agree . 
   oh look , pedantry for the sake of pedantry and opinions born from personal politics . 
  this is n't pedantry . 
  if you do n't understand that nato members are willing members of nato then you do n't understand nato . 
  all opinions come from personal politics . 
   lets say scotland leaves the uk then ( in exchange for significant foreign aid ) welcomes russian military bases in scotland . 
  would that be kosher ? 
  it would be massively regrettable if they did this , but if their democracy wanted it , it would be their choice . 
  however , this would lead to breakdown in relations between scotland and the rest of the western world . 
  i do n't think they would make that choice democratically . 
  scottish people are also much more wealthy than russians , i do n't think they need russian foreign aid . 
   the us is not obligated to let everyone into nato who wants it . 
  by letting them in we say we will protect them , and they will protect us . 
  what threat can lithuania save the us from ? 
  obviously there are almost no threats that lithuania can save the us from . 
  however , nato is not premised on nato members being equally subject to risks or equally able to save each other from threats . 
  quite the opposite . 
   the lithuanians should be smarter too - in twenty years from now as the us is progressively weaker , will we send americans to die to save lithuanians from russia ? 
  no , we will make excuses and write strong letters and condemn the invasion in the strongest terms . 
  i think you are writing of the usa a little too soon . 
   nato contains an implicit assumption that the us is entitled to a sphere of influence that extends all the way to russia 's borders . 
  eastern european countries wanted to join nato . 
  this is not an entitlement of the usa . 
  the usa did n't force them . 
  they wanted to . 
  we should respect their soverignty , self-determination and democracy . 
   or arrogant right-wing brits , sitting at home in the townhouse they inherited from daddy chortling with their public-school chums over the amusing opinions working class . 
  what on earth are you trying to say here ? 
   now , do n't get me wrong i 'd much prefer europe be able to handle this itself and support a move towards a federalized europe with the idea of a pan-european defence force in mind , but nato absolutely acts in the interest of the eu nato does n't act in the interests of the eu . 
  nato acts in the interests of nato . 
  nato members do n't `` let nato in their borders '' . 
  nato members are nato . 
  a federalised europe and a pan-european defence force would be a collosal mistake and the uk should absolutely refuse to go down that route . 
   the chinese will benefit more , especially in the long term . 
  no trade deal is without power politics behind it .
