  lehman brothers , goldman sachs ) . 
  honestly , whatever happened with lehman brothers greece would have been in the same situation . 
  in terms of goldman , the finest mines of the greek sovereign instructed goldman and goldman complied with those instructions . 
   a brexit would significantly lower the number of people moving to the uk , anti-immigration policies are suited for it aswell ( ukip anyone ? ) . 
  it is hard to know if a brexit would make a dramatic impact on the uk 's population . 
  for one thing , huge numbers of people are currently coming to the uk from outside the eu . 
  personally i expect that the uk would continue to experience massive immigration even from outside the eu , because the uk will continue to be a desirable destination for immigrants , in exactly the same way that the uk 's anglosphere peers , canada , usa and australia all experience high immigration . 
   france is a totally different beast . 
  contrary to the uk , they are a lot less reliant on immigration due to their high fertility rate . 
  france and the uk do n't have dramatically different fertility rates ( 1.94 versus 1.89 ) to each other . 
   their industries might not be on par with germany 's , but european influence is not just a matter of having a great gdp per capita , but also about the totals . 
  we do n't know what the industries of the future will be , but some economists have argued that the uk , if it focuses on high-end services which can easily be exported globally , will be well placed to face them . 
   all the conflicts in european history proove you quite wrong . 
  balance is never stable and always something which has to be fought about . 
  history shows that a dominant power in europe is destabilising for europe . 
   ithout the constant destructive intereference from outside the eurozone greek economic problems would probably already have been solved much further . 
  the greek crisis was the fault of people outside the eurozone ???? 
  if the eurozone wanted to solve it , they could have . 
  there just was very little political will . 
   applying the `` balance of power '' - doctrine is a hardly neutral stance towards a united europe in my view , since it represents quite the opposite modell of europe . 
  a balanced europe is a peaceful europe . 
  if one power dominates , it ends up having unfortunate consequences , e.g greece . 
   so , why do you fear a united europe ? 
  i personally do n't fear a united europe because i do n't believe an effective united europe is possible . 
  europeans are not sufficiently united to make it effective . 
  the last 12 months with the shitshow that has been the eurozone crisis and the shitshow that is currently the schengenzone crisis are ample proof of this . 
  in the circumstance in which all europeans wanted a united europe and democratically voted for it , then i would be happy for them to put it in place . 
  ultimately , self-determination of a people is too important !, 
  however , there seems very little chance of this actually happening . 
  if anything , the dream ( or nightmare ) of a united europe is becoming less likely rather than more likely . 
   it also seems to me that this old thinking of balance of power is still very present in britain and probably the main source of british euroscepticism . 
  the main source of british euscepticism comes from british history leading brits to trust british institutions more than overseas institutions . 
   but dont you think that times changed ? 
  until ww1 europe has been the center of the world and dominating europe meant dominating the world , but since the end of ww2 we have been living under american ( and soviet ) hegemony . 
  the significance of europe has continiously declined during the last 100 years and will continue to do so ( just look at the demographic trends ) , while other world regions ( asia , africa , etc ) are catching up quickly . 
  the growth of other regions makes a british focus on europe even less sensible now than the past . 
  the uk should aim not to prioritise one region of the globe above others in the globalised world , but should keep trade and diplomacy balanced between as much of the free , liberal and democratic parts of the world as possible . 
   what 's the sense of the `` balance of power '' - doctrin under this circumstances ? 
  would n't it make more sense to apply it to the whole world than just to europe ? 
  do you prefer a disunited europe dominated from outside powers ( where the uk just tries to be better off than the rest of europe ) to a more united europe on an eye level with us and china ? 
  the uk does n't feel closer to europe than it does to the us . 
  europe is western , just as the us is western . 
  the uk does not need to fear domination by china , russia or the us i do n't think . 
   i was not talking about the uk response to the refugee crisis but the focus of the uk in the recent years . 
  the uk did not take a leading role in most european issues , including ukraine despite it having the power and authority to do so . 
  the biggest european issue in recent years has been the eurozone crisis . 
  it really does n't make sense for the uk to be involved in this , because the uk is not part of the eurozone . 
  there is no reason why the eurozone can not solve this crisis itself . 
  i 'm not actually sure if there is anything that the uk could have done differently in relation to this crisis . 
  in relation to the ukraine , the uk 's relationship with russia has for years been much more frostly than the german or french relations with russia ( so the uk has considerably less leverage here ) . 
  given this , it has made more sense for france and germany to front the talks than the uk or the usa : merkel is the only western leader that putin has a working relationship with and with france there was the question of mistral . 
  my understanding has been that it was agreed between france , germany , uk and usa that the format of the talks with russia and ukraine was best without the uk and the usa taking part . 
  the uk has however given military advice and training to ukraine and been at the forefront of pushing sanctions . 
  again , i am not sure if the uk could really have done something differently from this . 
   our population in 2014 was 81.1 million , we will likely have a net migration of over 500,000 people this year . 
  which puts us pretty much at the level of 1995 despite that number being inflated . 
  so i would say about a million more than 20 years ago . 
  noted , thanks . 
  for comparison , the uk 's population has gone from 58 million to 65 million over this time period . 
   this time it is the uks fault however . 
  they could play an active role but they refuse to do so . 
  this is not the uk 's fault . 
  please be realistic . 
  the uk 's response is sensible . 
   it did not . 
  we are now more populous than in 1995 , even though the numbers might indicate otherwise . 
  the numbers that were used were calculated and they turned out to be inflated by over a million in the last census . 
  yes , there have been years of slight decline during this period , but overall we did not lose population , especially given the net migration this and the last year . 
  what are the actual numbers now compared to 1995 ? 
  in any case , they are very different from the equivalent numbers for the uk . 
   it 's almost as if , suddenly , your own reaction to the crisis - essentially : `` we 'll deport y' all '' - does n't look so generous anymore , once another country decides to place human decency above ( immediate ) economic concerns . 
  uk is always salty when the balance of power in europe seems to get unsettled and one entity becomes too powerful . 
  this has been the case for hundreds of years . 
  however , from a rational perspective , the uk and in germany have very different demographics . 
  since 1995 the population of germany has shrunk slightly . 
  the uk 's population has dramatically increased . 
  those numbers make sense to me . 
  where is the prejudice ? 
  where is the hypocrisy ? 
  where is the judgement ? 
  i 've no idea why you ca n't discuss this question without hostility . 
  you seem to see some prejudice in what i wrote . 
  there is n't any . 
  i 'm not pointing a finger at anyone . 
  why so sensitive ? 
  where is the judgment in what i have written ? 
  i 'm not saying shame on anyone . 
  in both cases there are reasons and in both cases these reasons arise out of history . 
  it just so happens the experience of history is a different one . 
  i 'm making a distinction primarily based on history that happens to coincide also with geography . 
  the point about the uk is that any single thing coming out of brussels giving more power to the eu will be opposed by the uk . 
  this is different from czech and slovakia , which seem to be particularly opposed to this specific issue . 
  this is not metal hoops . 
  from the sounds of things , the dutch government is going to vote for quotas . 
  the uk thing is a bit different . 
  british people have , it strikes me , similar attitudes to taking refugees as most of western europe . 
  brits just do n't want to be told by brussels . 
  any explanation as to why ? 
  i see a world of difference between austrians and germans as compared to slovaks and czechs even on this sub and the rhetoric of their governments reflects this . 
  i think ireland will probably not opt in ...
