  that is a factor . 
  what do you think schengen does ? 
  the day a political party wanted to join it , is the day you would hear about it ... 
  i 'm just being realistic . 
  labour , lib dems , conservatives and ukip are all against schengen . 
  the uk just wo n't be joining ... 
  same with the euro . 
  in the uk we never believed the european dream . 
  the last 1000 years of history did n't just end . 
  we do n't need to be hostile , but we do have different interests . 
  the channel is a good border , but i think the uk government will be staying out of schengen . 
  at this point a government wanting into schengen is not electable in the uk . 
  not quite . 
  the monarch can be any religion other than a catholic . 
  democracy works best when there is a demos that elect people who work in their interests that are scrutinized by a free press . 
  this does not work well at the eu level . 
  having a political union is not a good idea for the uk as it would undermine british democracy . 
  this is why the uk needs to leave . 
  from your earlier comment it looked like you were talking about the impact of having a referendum . 
  no , many other countries are doing fine , iceland , norway , switzerland , japan , singapore , south korea . 
  are you seriously arguing that the uk would be like a warring state in constant political conflict or without a functioning government if it left the eu ? 
  outlook is by its very definition not really evidence though . 
  the article really is very poorly written , which is why i wanted to see the actual report from standard and poor 's . 
  however , it sounds like standard and poor 's are n't claiming that there has yet been any impact , so this is not evidence of any impact . 
  it is just evidence of someone speculating about the future . 
  they are fine , and if the uk left the eu we would be like them . 
  they have the same language , culture and legal system as the uk . 
  other countries do great too outside the eu , perhaps you can think of some ? 
  i 'm using anecdotes , but you are n't providing any evidence whatsoever . 
  no , the uk will be fine . 
  just like many of the other countries in the world are fine . 
  no , it is not a logical fallacy . 
  use of personal experience is not illogical . 
  as for the harm to the uk economy , the jury is out . 
  i do n't believe that there will be harm . 
  was there really significant harm to the scottish economy with their referendum ? 
  also , the democratic process must continue regardless , just as it did with scotland . 
  a huge majority of elected members of parliament voted for a referendum . 
  a majority of people want one . 
  the uk economy is doing better than most of the uk 's continental peers which are not considering a referendum . 
  all my clients are big businesses . 
  so far they have not stopped investing . 
  anyone got the statement by standard and poor 's ? 
  i 'd prefer to comment on that after reading it . 
  can confirm , am right wing and want to destroy the eu . 
  however , / u/kin-luu is correct that the left wing ideologies will make the destruction easier . 
  [ in terms of quotas , nothing is going to happen now till after the summer . 
  ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/eu-wont-confirm-migrant-quota-until-september-1433781002 ) this is going to make things politically interesting in italy as there will be a narrative there that the rest of the eu does not care about italy 's problems . 
  migrants will no doubt continue to travel to wherever in europe they want to be . 
  someone who is able to cross the sahara and the mediterranean is n't really going to be stopped by the alps . 
  i was talking `` eventually '' - perhaps at next elections . 
  i do n't think anyone wants to destroy boats which people are on . 
  however , unseaworthy boats should ideally be destroyed when people are n't on them , to stop people setting sail on them . 
  in my mind this would reduce deaths . 
  how ? 
  many european countries are now rescuing people from the mediterranean and taking them to italy . 
  [ last weekend for example a british warship rescued 1000 migrants from the libian coast and took them to italy . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/migrant-crisis-hms-bulwark-sailing-at-top-speed-to-rescue-thousands-of-migrants-near-libya-10302128.html ), 
  [ the joke 's on you . 
  france suspended schengen at ventimiglia yesterday . 
  italy wants the border to stay open . 
  what point are you making ? 
  i do n't follow . 
  i 've been reading the italian newspapers covering this . 
  i expect this migration via the med to be the major political story in italy over the next few months . 
  this could eventually be what takes down renzi . 
  i do n't agree . 
  as mentioned , other countries also broke the rules . 
  and other countries are also blocking the only realistic economically sensible solution , which is creating a fiscal union . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not saying that greece are blameless . 
  they clearly are to blame too . 
  i was just do n't think it makes sense to imply that they are the only ones to blame and all too often i see that argument on here . 
  a bloody nose for tories makes brexit more likely . 
  hopefully it would mean brexit . 
  keep goat and bring ouzo as well . 
  we can bring a cup of tea , a lion and a unicorn . 
  this can be a good party , but we make sure that we keep separate currencies from each other , 
   im not . 
  i actually want to get out of the eurozone as soon as possible life is n't too bad outside of the eurozone in my experience - come over to the light side , 
   the best solution for the eurozone is not necessarily the best solution for its individual members . 
  this was probably something to work out prior to creating a monetary union ... 
   the uk is not a member of the eurozone thankfully ... 
   thanks for not shying away from an honest answer . 
  it 's a fairly controversial one . 
  correct !, 
   at the same time though i also do n't think that the fiscal union has been put off all this time because eu leaders do n't agree with the necessity for it , but because there are questions with regards to the political feasibility of it . 
  i agree that fiscal union is not politically feasible . 
  however , it is economically necessary . 
  it is n't really the greeks ' fault that fiscal union is not politically feasible . 
   so the eu went with a problematic , but political union/approach first . 
  it would have made a lot more sense to do things in this order : - create political structures for eurozone and get democratic consent - create fiscal transfer structures and get democratc consent - create monetary structures . 
  oddly , the eurozone seems to be going in the opposite order . 
   by what legal mechanism could they refuse greece ? 
  the eu had no power to audit their books , the greeks presented books that looked fine and had to be taken at face value . 
  in my view focus on greece cooking the books is a bit of a red herring when it comes to looking for blame , because even if they had n't cooked the books , we would still largely be in the same situation . 
  my understanding is that it was n't only greece that entered the euro despite not meeting the conditions , but that other countries were in breach too . 
  however , i still take the view that this small bit of the blame does not just sit with greece : - the system whereby the eu had no ability to audit the books was a poor system and the people that designed that system are to blame in addition to the people that took advantage of the system . 
  also , my understanding is that acceptance into the euro was not entirely mechanical and that in the case of greece the ecb had specifically warned about debt levels but the commission still recommended accepting greece . 
  - separately , the entry of greece into the euro did not come about just through legal factors , but also political factors ( unsurprisingly , given that the euro is partly a political project ) . 
  french politicians in particular put political pressure on european counterparts to encourage greece to aim for the euro .
