  it is true that eu economies are now mostly growing , but generally eu budgets have seemed to grow at faster rates than eu economies . 
  we will see if this happens . 
  uk has been one of the few budget hawks , together with denmark . 
  i expect that the next eu budget will be very contentious . 
  it needs to be , because cap is something that really needs reform . 
  if it is n't contentious , you are doing it wrong . 
   i 'm not dismissing that you may find other ingenious ways to keep your standards and economy up . 
  i agree , we will be ingenious . 
  we already are in fact . 
  this is an exciting time . 
   but i do n't think it will come from a sound political foundation . 
  i think the way we think about democracy is just different from the way some continentals do . 
  if you take a long view of history ( last 300 years ) the uk does have a more solid foundation than most of europe . 
  do n't misunderestimate history !, 
   if we have to pay more , it will only be marginally and because uk decides to stay completely outside and not opt for a deal similar to other european non eu members . 
  the uk is leaving the single market and is not going for a norway or swiss deal . 
  we will likely stay in a few things like europol , euratom and erasmus , but not most stuff . 
   if we have to pay more , it will only be marginally then i guess someone else pays more . 
   you can see why governments might want to avoid that . 
  yes , i can . 
  but in the long-run it looks like they made the right call . 
   the thing is , most of the uk is not that rich . 
  then it makes even less sense for us to send money to other countries that are rich . 
   just think of the eu as your neighbourhood . 
  yeah , this means trading with them and having friendly relations with them . 
  it does n't mean that we have to sort out their currency unions . 
  if you do n't think that being elected has something to do with democracy , i am not sure if i can help you . 
  no , the uk did not take part in this . 
  [ see the annexes . 
  ] ( http://data.consilium.europa.eu/doc/document/st-12098-2015-init/en/pdf ), 
   so you claim that rebate is the same as paying in full now ? 
  i am saying that the uk pays its obligations in full . 
   we will not miss these ridiculous claims from uk . 
  you will be paying more , not less once we leave . 
  but i am sure you will be glad to show more solidarity . 
   now parliament is trying to put into place a failsafe and you are saying it 's a bad idea . 
  the house of commons and the house of lords have a disagreement currently . 
  i expect that the house of commons will prevail . 
  they should prevail , they were elected . 
  uk are not on the list since this refugee quota is nothing to do with us whatsoever . 
   it 's not democratic if one sides lies through it 's teeth and gives multiple options but only chooses one despite counting everyones vote the same way . 
  it is democratic . 
  the british people voted to leave without knowing what the government would do , but trusted the government to put in place plan . 
  now the government is doing what the people told them to do . 
  the government is popular . 
  people do not regret voting leave . 
  yes , that is part of the law . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , the uk rebate is not going to suddenly disappear from the budget . 
  instead , other countries are going to argue about who should get a rebate because the budget makes no sense . 
   they do n't though . 
  it 's what you want . 
  we had a referendum to find out what the people wanted and they voted leave . 
  it would be helpful if you respected the result . 
  it is normal in a democracy for people who lose votes to respect their results . 
   if it convinced just 5 % of all leave voters your entire referendum was a sham and is not representing the wishes of the populace . 
  there is no evidence that it convinced anyone . 
  the people that lied were the remain side , saying that there would be a recession . 
   fuck what people actually want . 
  they want the government to get on with leaving the eu and respect the result of the referendum . 
   we have n't paid greece through euro membership , but we have paid through every other eu mechanism in full , contrary to uk . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by paying for something in full , uk has paid its commitments in full . 
  i am sure you will be happy to pay more to the eu budget in future , but in any case , when it comes to the question over whether or not greece should be bailed out , the uk and denmark agreed with each other than they should not have to bail out greece . 
   the leave side was many , many people . 
  and very very few of them campaigned on the basis that we stay in the single market . 
   i think that 's rather over-stating the case . 
  they 're back on the trend of their previous growth , but so is ireland . 
  the difference is that iceland managed to reduced unemployment much faster than ireland did , which to me is a priority . 
  iceland now also has a significantly lower gdo : debt ratio compared to ireland , which means less austerity . 
  iceland also had a referendum on whether or not to bail out their banks , whereas ireland did n't and my sense ( from speaking to the irish people i know ) is that there is anger in ireland about the bank bailouts . 
  there certainly is in the uk . 
  whereas i think in iceland they are more at peace with it . 
  i do n't dispute that ireland has not had a relatively good recovery compared to some countries , it clearly has . 
  but we should compare iceland not just to ireland but also to the various other countries that bailed out banks , some of which have not performed as well as ireland has . 
   no , you are wrong . 
  it was widely promoted that leaving the eu did n't mean leaving the single market , it was commonly called the ` norway model ' . 
  the leave side did not advocate the norway model . 
  they specifically said we would not be part of the single market . 
  yes . 
  it is part of the brexicon . 
  we now have a whole new post-brexit vocabulary , which is one of the fun things about brexit . 
  first there was brexit or bremain . 
  then there were the brexiteers and the bremainers - also known as the remainiacs and the beleavers . 
  then the lefties decided they wanted a lexit . 
  then there were questions about bregret and bremorse , but these were mostly inventions from the remoaners . 
  everyone argued about who was in brenial - would there be a brexodus - what do the brexperts say ? 
  then other european languages adopted brexit - le brexit and el brexit in french and spanish , but la brexit in italian . 
  i ca n't wait until you guys consider leaving the eu - it is going to be a question of libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 and frexit\u00e9 . 
   do you have any idea , i mean just a tiny fraction of an idea of what eu is even about ? 
  are you upset that denmark also is n't picking up the bill for greece ? 
   that is such a massive lie it 's incredible . 
  no , i am afraid you are wrong here . 
  both the remain and the leave side were clear that we would leave the single market if we voted to leave the eu . 
  this is why i voted leave . 
   where does that leave the richer neighbours ? 
  those richer neighbours are rich . 
  they do n't need money from the uk taxpayer . 
  they have their own taxpayers . 
   at what point do you kick a profiteering friend off your couch ? 
  this is a question for you , not for me . 
  i do n't have a profiteering friend on my couch .
