   and my prediction is that non euro members wo n't be eu members for long . 
  i hope so . 
   the difference is that countries that are actively involved in the process are going to have more influence in the long run . 
  and that 's where britain 's fault lies . 
  in britain , we do not want to influence the eurozone . 
  we 're happy just to watch you . 
  this is not a fault of britain . 
  this is a sensible choice . 
  britain was correct to stay out of the euro . 
   b ) we want to leave eu , eu does n't allow us to leave . 
  we brits look forward to seeing you on the outside !, 
   that 's not how it works . 
  you create a monetary union , to force a fiscal union to force a joint government . 
  it will be interesting to see if the eurozone democracies vote for this . 
   greece is being governed by the eu . 
  welcome to eurozone democracy . 
   history has n't shown anything you delusional twat . 
  history has shown that monetary union without fiscal union does not work . 
  you agree with me on this . 
  please stop insulting me . 
  we both agree that the current eurozone rules are the wrong ones and need to be changed . 
  you said it yourself :  and that 's exactly what 's going to happen . 
  becasue there is no alternative . 
   no but you block a common economic policy on every step of the way . 
  the eurozone needs to create an economic policy for itself , together with massive fiscal transfers and a political union . 
  the uk should clearly not be part of this . 
  the uk 's economic policy is currently working . 
  in the last two years , the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
   the euro was always a tool to force the unification of europe . 
  this was a mistake . 
  you should have ( i ) first created a joint governement , ( ii ) second created a fiscal union and ( iii ) third created a monetary union . 
  now it seems like the people of the eurozone do n't want to do ( ii ) and ( iii ) and you are left with just ( i ) . 
   he 's not neutral . 
  he 's british and antieu . 
  when it comes to the eurozone , the greek position is much more economically sensible than the german position . 
  obviously , it makes no sense for the uk to be part of this mess any more . 
   and every other fucking government in the eu . 
  yes , and history has shown that these rules were the wrong ones , which is why the uk did not join the eurozone in the first place . 
  in westminster there were extensive debates on the eurozone and it was recognised that monetary union without fiscal union would not work , so the uk secured an opt-out . 
  you have two choices . 
  you can either continue with the current failed rules . 
  or you can change them . 
   and the real reason the monetary union could fail are countries like the uk that are only part of the eu to stop a proper unification . 
  it 's the uk 's fault that monetary union is not working ? 
  lol . 
  no , i 'm afraid that this isa problem made entirely by yourself . 
  we 're just watching the mess . 
  feel free to go ahead and create a full transfer union and political union without us . 
  you need to do it . 
   germanys position on the matter is one of the founding pillars of the eurozone . 
  i 'm afraid this founding pillar needs to change if you want to have a successful monetary union . 
  the eurozone is not an optimum currency area and a single monetary policy can not work in the long term without large fiscal transfers . 
   germanys electorate would never have agreed to the euro without this clause , and fortunately our politicians know that they commit political suicide the moment they wan na change this . 
  if you do n't want to have fiscal transfers ( and that is obviously your democratic right ) then you need to break up the eurozone . 
  politicians need to commit one way or the other . 
  either they believe in monetary union ( in which case they must accept fiscal transfers ) or they do n't ( in which case they must accept that it has to break up ) . 
   the reason greece is fucked now is because their economy was n't good enough to join the eurozone in the first place , but greece solved that little problem by cooking their books and lying to the other member states . 
  everybody knew that greece was not ready : the other eurozone states turned a blind eye to the lies . 
  greece was accepted into monetary union for political reasons , not economic reasons . 
   we would n't be in this mess if greece had played with open cards and were thus refused entry to the euro . 
  germany would not be in a mess . 
  but italy , spain and portugal would be in the same mess that they are currently in . 
   the point is that nobody wants political union . 
  not just germany . 
  do you want a successful monetary union ? 
   sch\u00e4uble is just doing what he thinks is right regarding the austerity . 
  i 'm afraid what he thinks will not work . 
  greece 's debt is not sustainable . 
  schauble needs to admit this and begin working on a massive restructuring of the debt and pool it among the eurozone as a whole . 
   no one in germany has an interest in greece continuing to be broke , and it is not germany 's fault to begin with . 
  greece will continue to be broke if they stay in a monetary union without a fiscal union . 
  this is primarily the fault of the people that designed the eurozone . 
  however , it is increasingly becoming the fault of the people who are not open to change it , and this includes the german government . 
   although we helped them when they where in need . 
  this `` help '' helped german banks . 
  the greek people did not really get helped . 
   the german government ( and all the other states that are spending money to stabilize the eu ) has treated greece the same way they 've treated spain , portugal , etc. 
  so far the strategy has worked for those states . 
  the problems in ireland , portugal , greece and spain were all different . 
  it made no sense to give different problems the same solution . 
  what worked for ireland ( a competitive and efficient economy with close links to the uk and the usa , but with a banking crisis ) was not going to work with greece . 
  the strategy has not really worked well in portugal or spain , which still face terrible unemployment and growth problems and emigration on a large scale . 
   germany is n't responsible for the greek situation , but decades of mismanagement and terrible government are . 
  it 's a miserable situation for the greek populace , but with or without eu intervention they would have to make sacrifices . 
  greece 's problems are partly a function of monetary union without fiscal union . 
  the rules of this `` union '' were partly designed by previous german governments , and it is current german governments that are not recognising that this concept is a failure or seeking to change it . 
  the greek government is at least trying to make changes . 
  merkel needs to acknowledge that greece does not need more loans , it needs a debt restructuring and massive fiscal tranfers from the prosperous parts of the eurozone . 
  i 'm afraid your government has a lot of responsibility for the continued failures of monetary union . 
   for a fiscal union to happen you need political union ( federal governement ) . 
  this wont happen ( because no country wants to give up its sovereignty ) and this means no ficsal union . 
  these two are two sides of the same coin . 
  it depends whether or not you want a good monetary union or a bad one . 
  without fiscal union and political union , you will continue to have the continued crises . 
  is this what you want ? 
   a clash of two different political systems : that of northern european countries where governments abide by the rule of law and that of southern europe where everything is uncertain . 
  this is n't surprising for governments like greece , italy or spain . 
  it is for everyone else in western europe from france upwards . 
  i hate to tell you this , but from the perspective of the uk , france is not really part of northern europe and we think you fit in better with portugal , italy , greece and spain ... 
   no one expects any standards from crappy papers like bild , but if the greek government is actively partaking in these games they 're damaging their country 's reputation .
