  they did not tell the uk government in advance that they were planning on leaking discussions to the press . 
  this is the opposite of transparency . 
   and what about the `` hard brexit '' delusion ? 
  that 's even less than 25 per cent . 
  fortunately we are about to have a general election under which the party committed to leaving the single market and the customs union will get a majority of the seats . 
   apparently their political stances are more flexible than the general population 's . 
  it is more that most of them campaigned during the referendum specifically promising to respect the result of the referendum , whatever the result . 
  their political stance of respecting the referendum result ( and the democratic process ) is more important than being in the eu . 
  you have not offered any rationale for disagreeing with me at all or even said whether or not you do disagree with me . 
  democracy has not been subverted in the uk . 
  we had a referendum on whether or not to stay in the eu and the leave side won that referendum . 
  now we are leaving the eu . 
  the whole process has been entirely democratic . 
   followed by a claim that the eu is seeking to manipulate the election ... from page 5 of the special edition of a non-english newspaper . 
  what possible motive did the eu have for anonymously briefing the press ? 
   the one given to the eu ? 
  are standards that low ? 
  i think the article 50 letter contained the correct negotiation goals . 
   i would expect to think about you want , you 're her target audience . 
  i know exactly what i want , and so far have been getting it . 
  clear commitments from the uk government to come out of the single market and the customs union . 
   do n't expect the rest of us to buy into the show , or remain politely detached from the fraud . 
  there is n't a fraud . 
  the british people had a referendum and decided to leave the eu . 
  you might not like the outcome , but it is not a fraud . 
  it is the normal operation of a liberal democracy : the people deciding how they want to be governed and the government respecting it . 
   it 's refusal to confirm or deny in that context does not look like polite prudence , but unwillingness to engage in a loosing battle . 
  the uk government understood the meeting to be a private meeting . 
  as such , the uk government should not disclose the contents of the meeting . 
  the eu commission briefed the press . 
  the uk government made a public statement criticising the brief . 
  of these two approaches , the uk government 's is of course the better one . 
  no anonymous briefing , but a clear statement on the steps of downing street from the pm . 
   and refuses public disclosure of even her negotiation goals read the article 50 letter . 
  this is public disclosure . 
   she denies information to only one relevant stakeholder : the british public . 
  you are not the british public . 
  you do not think may 's approach is correct . 
  i am british . 
  i think may 's approach is the correct one . 
  unsurprisingly may is thinking about what i want , not what you want . 
   and the issue talked about without him of course nobody would be discussing brexit . 
   it is exactly full disclosure and transparency . 
  it is n't transparent , because nobody knows whether or not it is accurate . 
  there may have been selective or biased disclosure . 
   agreed . 
  we need full disclosure and transparency . 
  what juncker 's team did was not full disclosure and transparency . 
  it was going to a dinner then after the dinner brief out details of the discussion to the press . 
  that is not full disclosure and transparency . 
   that statement is factual , what is wrong with it ? 
  the `` sounds familiar '' part is implying there is some kind of connection between the rise of hitler and brexit . 
  it is absurd . 
  i follow this guy on twitter for the lolz . 
  i am seriously wondering how he manages to dress himself in the mornings what with the ridiculous stuff he comes out of . 
   well , they want to secede , do n't they ? 
  no , they want to stay in the uk . 
   but i never actively noticed a brit as villain , selected just because they were brits and thereby morally despicable by default . 
  a lot of us movies have the bad guy having a british accent ;-), 
   you prefer us , portuguese people , am i right ... ally ? 
  yes , we like you more than we like the french . 
  we do n't actually like the french at all , we love them and hate them . 
   a few hard years are ahead of us when it comes to our relationship . 
  my strong feeling is that our relationship will remain strong anyway . 
  we have had an entente for many years now !, 
   so it would strategically make sense to drop him in a couple of years to make a ` concession ' towards the uk during the negotiations ; ` you drop may , we drop junker ' . 
  no way that we are dropping may ... 
  there is a lot of democratic involvement . 
  we have an election in a month . 
  may is pushing for a canada type of deal . 
  it is n't a little over one per cent . 
  more than 33 million people voted . 
  more people voted `` leave '' than ever voted for anything in the uk . 
  yes - or remove it . 
  uk 's economy did not take a hit . 
  uk 's economy grew . 
  there are no rules in the eu that say that the uk has to pay the costs for moving the ema . 
  it does matter . 
  we are key to european defence . 
  also , if your keeps up with irrational behaviour , it will keep causing more problems , like the currency . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about do you ? 
  the eu wants the uk to pay the costs for moving ema etc. 
  uk did not agree these costs . 
  being in europe geographically does not stop countries being able to govern themselves . 
  it is normal for a country to be able to govern itself . 
  this is exactly why the eu will want to keep trading with the uk . 
  liberalism is about letting people make their own choices . 
  i am in favour of that . 
  leaving the eu is not extreme . 
  most countries in the world are not in the eu . 
  it is normal not to be in the eu . 
  if you want transparency , you agree beforehand that there will be official minutes . 
  you do n't leak via newspapers . 
   that 's why the uk-eu negotiation is so complicated in the first place : theresa may wants `` special opt-outs '' of certain regulation and common market access but without oversight by the european court of justice . 
  there is no chance at all of us joining the eea , as you indicate . 
  the uk would much prefer a ceta type thing , which should be doable if the eu wants it . 
  there is more chance of no agreement at all than eea . 
   if nothing else , it will be interesting to see how the next tory government deals with the uk farming lobby . 
  i 'm not sure the free trade advocates are as dominant as you perceive them to be . 
  the most influential think-tanks in the uk today in terms of government policy ( legatum institute and open europe ) are both in favour of removing tariffs and subsidies .
