  the labour party is also going to be campaigning on a brexit platform . 
   because this is the last chance for the remain campaign to influence this , maybe they will turn up at the polls . 
  how about bernie sanders ? 
  can he still influence anything ? 
   but they all said that the uk will not have a fta with the eu . 
  read the actual draft negotiating guidelines . 
  it is n't hard to find them . 
  it is clear they want a fta with the uk . 
   interessting aproach but i would have thought fptp would lead to terms ( the 5 year limit ) being used up more often than not . 
  typically governments choose to have elections when they think they have most chance of winning . 
   you guys never make it to the end of the term ? 
  traditionally we did not have terms . 
  the government have been able to call elections when they want , as long as they did it more frequently than every five years . 
  [ see the european commission 's website . 
  ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_memo-17-648_en.htm ) they take the view that the uk can only revoke article 50 if the other member states agree . 
  i think this is right . 
   there 's so little time to prepare and campaign . 
  traditionally in the uk , there is the view that there should always be an alternative government waiting , in case the current government falls . 
  so the opposition should always be ready to govern . 
  i agree that it is quite different from lots of other countries , e.g. 
  us , france , germany when election timetables are quite fixed ... 
   dude , you must be high . 
  every single leaders of the eu , nationnal or from the block said the uk will not have free-trade unless it accept the 4 freedoms , which you wo n't read the actual draft response from tusk to may 's article 50 letter . 
  they want a free trade agreement with the uk . 
   is there any chance of new parties/movements emerging in the british election ( for example a split in labour and a new party forming ) ? 
  in the uk typically we do not get new parties and movements very often . 
  for example , the tories have been around about 300 years . 
  new movements tend not to have much success . 
  ukip got some success , but only won a couple of mps . 
  the last new movement to get a lot of success was the labour party at the beginning of the last century . 
  so the most likely answer is no . 
   during that time , they can - at any time - declare that it was all a mistake , and they 're staying . 
  the european commission disagrees with you on this . 
   referendums of this magnitude in other countries require 60 % + support to hold any ground . 
  yes - different countries have different constitutional arrangements and democratic traditions . 
  in the uk we do n't require 60 % . 
   but maybe people voted under false premises . 
  false numbers , false facts ... you are right - the remain campaign lied . 
  however , their lies have now been proven . 
  i agree with you as far as theory goes and also agree with you that there is no serious push for such a platform . 
   it looks kinda mad though to hold an election with just a month and a half 's notice . 
  this has been normal practice in the uk for the last couple of centuries , 
  they have no mps any more and will end up with fewer voters . 
  they are in chaos . 
  yeah , you are right that the labour party winning seems like quite speculative !!, 
   if as pro-eu majority is formed ( unlikely i know ) they will claim that as a mandate to stay in . 
  the tories , labour party and lib dems are all likely to have leaving the eu in their manifestos , which will mean the house of commons will have an overwhelming majority for leaving the eu . 
  let 's be realistic !, 
   i mean , now the government needs to negotiate the terms of the brexit , and they might not be good for the people . 
  in that sense , i 'd say that the government should reconsider what people asked for . 
  the government do what the people tell them to do . 
  the people know what is good for them more than the government knows . 
  the people want to leave the eu . 
  we know that because they voted for it . 
   believe in britain , vote tory !, 
  agreed - this election will be all about leadership - vote for the tory party !!, 
   i think it can . 
  if the next elected parliament so decide . 
  they can make up some technicality . 
  for the sake of us all , i certainly hope they do . 
  the next parliament is going to be far more eusceptic than the current one . 
  very few mps in the next parliament will be elected on a `` stay in the eu '' ticket . 
   erm , brexit has n't happened yet so there is nothing to reverse at this point - besides sending another letter saying we 're very sorry . 
  the british people are not sorry . 
  we had a referendum on leaving the eu and we meant it . 
  we had a referendum on it and made a decision . 
  that referendum was serious and important and will be respected . 
  ignoring referendum outcomes means you are not a serious democracy . 
  uk is a serious democracy . 
  who really knows what the labour party want ... 
  unsure what lib dems will do . 
  no - the labour party supports brexit . 
  tory voters do n't get fatigue as much as other voters ... 
  lol - brexit can not be reversed . 
   everyone thinks the north korea or russia will destroy the world but it could be a dodgy fish bone and british bureaucracy . 
  if queen is dead , the bbc keeps broadcasting , but it will broadcast important and soothing music , rather than normal tv , 
   is n't there really anyone else more fitting that could do the job ? 
  the people that choose tory party leader are tory party mps and tory party members . 
  they love bojo . 
  the fact he is disliked by some on the continent is probably a mild advantage for him . 
  however - it turns out we are having an election in june . 
  ok - the podium outside downing street does not have government mark on it . 
  this means that it is a party political matter not a government matter , which makes it look more like a general election . 
  yeah , she has diabetes so needs four injections per day ... 
  bbc would have stopped all programmes if the queen is dead . 
  therefore the queen must be alive !, 
  if she resigns i reckon bojo is favourite for pm . 
  may is known to have poor health , so perhaps this is it ... 
  if qeii is dead , it is buckingham palace that makes the announcement , not downing street . 
  also , the queen is immortal . 
   can they repel the fixed parliament terms and then do a snap election ? 
  i 'm not that familiar with how the system is set up . 
  they can repeal it but remember that the tories do not have a majority in the house of lords so the house of lords could really delay things . 
  and conventionally in the uk we do n't have elections over july , august or september - she has to move really fast to get an election before july . 
   corbyn has utterly fucked labour , now seems a good time for may to get a decisive big majority . 
  i actually ca n't begin to describe the way the press would attack corbyn during an election campaign . 
  it would be crazy . 
  the tories will not hold back . 
  they will destroy him . 
  that is what people are saying , but ( i ) this is not actually easy to do anymore in the uk now that we have fixed term parliaments , ( ii ) it is not really in may 's character given that she has already said there wo n't be one and her brand is all about seriousness .
