  there is a un resolution . 
  our very close allies , france and u.s. have asked us to help . 
  our aircraft have excellent precision technology . 
  there will be civilian casualties and that is of course a tragedy . 
  but not intervening will also lead to tragedies . 
  look at the current actions of isis ... 
  [ parliament is sovereign in the uk . 
  it is the most basic and fundamental principle of the british constitution . 
  parliament can make and change any laws . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/parliamentary_sovereignty ), 
  they do n't hate us because of what we do . 
  they hate us because of who we are . 
  we do have a parliamentary system : [ the westminster system ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/westminster_system ) . 
  under this system it is polite to check things with parliament . 
  [ government can authorise military action . 
  it is a royal prerogative under the british constitution . 
  it is polite to check with parliament though !, 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/royal_prerogative_in_the_united_kingdom ), 
  no , mps still do n't address each other directly . 
  they still address the speaker and refer to each other as `` honorable member '' etc. . . we still have lots of traditions !, 
  actually , under the british constitution , the right to declare war was not given by parliament to the government . 
  it a right that government have always had . 
  parliament are just requesting consultation where possible , which is surely right . 
  the leaders of usa , rissia , france and china do not answer to us . 
  while getting a resolution with them is welcome , it is not sufficient . 
  when the uk goes to war , we are putting lives of british troops on the line , potentially increasing risks to lives of british citizens , there will also be civilian syrian casualties at the hands of british bombs . 
  now i think it is still the right thing for the uk to do and if i were an mp i would vote for it . 
  but to the extent possible , i think parliament should always be consulted over matters of war . 
  obviously , the right to declare war remains a royal prerogative and if circumstances were such that the uk was at immediate risk , government would have to declare war without consulting parliament . 
  but that is not the case at the moment . 
  it is very unusual for mps to clap . 
  it is actually against westminster parliamentary rules and has been for centuries . 
  both sides of the house clapping together is very very unusual . 
  this is house of commons at its finest . 
  it is the uk government that gets to veto unsc resolutions , not the uk parliament . 
  even if the uk government supports war , and even if the rest of the unsc do , this is not the same as the uk parliament supporting it . 
  this is why the uk government should consult the uk parliament . 
  i agree that we should strike against isis , but a un resolution is not enough . 
  parliament should also be consulted . 
  parliament are directly answerable to the people in a way that the un just are n't . 
  when it comes to war and peace , the people who make decisions should be answerable . 
   fair enough , i was not aware of these legal provisions . 
  one of the consequences of the uk constitution not being written and developing gradually over hundreds of years via convention is that it is full of crazy things , arrangements designed to accommodate particular historical circumstances , and then the arrangements become permanent . 
  [ section 2 of the ireland act 1949 states  ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/geo6/12-13-14/41 ) `` it is hereby declared that , notwithstanding that the republic of ireland is not part of his majesty 's dominions , the republic of ireland is not a foreign country for the purposes of any law in force in any part of the united kingdom or in any colony , protectorate or united kingdom trust territory , whether by virtue of a rule of law or of an act of parliament or any other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , and references in any act of parliament , other enactment or instrument whatsoever , whether passed or made before or after the passing of this act , to foreigners , aliens , foreign countries , and foreign or foreign-built ships or aircraft shall be construed accordingly . '', 
   what makes the irish more worthy ? 
  they have an unusal constitutional arrangement with the uk . 
  under uk law , irish people are not foreigners . 
  they can vote in all our elections , stand for parliament , fight in our army etc all very easily . 
  we have a land border and a common travel area with them . 
  also , everyone in northern ireland is entitled to both irish and uk nationality and some choose just one of these . 
  this arrangement is essential to maintain peace within northern ireland and is something that both the uk government and the irish government support . 
  ireland is basically in a completely different category from the rest of the world, 
   you can already do that now in terms of non-eu immigrants but you dont . 
  actually , we do have similar rules to australia and canada for non-eu immigrants already . 
  it is n't easy to get to the uk if you do n't meet certain criteria . 
  personally i think we should apply to same hurdles to eu nationals ( other than irish ) . 
   i do not think that there would be that much of a difference in the numbers , the main change would be a lot of additional bureaucracy and inconveniences . 
  the key bit of bureaucracy and inconvenience in buying a house in a country where you do n't speak the language is the buying of the house . 
  spain has very different property laws from the uk . 
  if you can jump that hurdle , you can jump through other hoops . 
  as mentioned , most brits who move abroad already choose not to go to the eu . 
  they clearly do n't mind the extra inconvenience and are making decisions based on other things . 
   the 2015 number is closer to 400k . 
  eu net migration is outdone by non-eu net migration which wouldnt change if you were n't a part of the eu anymore . 
  i think it is illusory to believe that these numbers would decrease significantly in case of a brexit ( unless you were to run a fully isolationalist no-immigration policy ) . 
  the numbers might not change ( and looking at the uk 's anglosphere peers , australia , canada , usa and new zealand , it is true that they all have high immigration because everyone speaks english and wants to get jobs and also everybody feels at home in anglosphere culture ) . 
  however , the way we would implement that immigration policy would be very different . 
  i suspect we would copy what canada and australia do and i would support that . 
  in any case , it should be a question for our national democracy , which i want to empower . 
   iirc the calculations were made for full lifes , including work , retirement and unemployment . 
  no , i do n't think they were . 
  for one thing , we do n't know if the reu immigrants will stay in the uk once they finish working . 
  we know that they mainly came to work . 
  there just is n't data on what they will do in the future . 
   all of which boosts your economy . 
  its not just one-way bad . 
  there is a cost to these things , it takes time to make them . 
  the south east of the uk ( which gets most immigration ) is very crowded . 
  the uk currently gets 300,000 immigrants a year , is this something that the uk should just accept forever ? 
  ( the uk has very different demographics from germany , which has a much lower birthrate . ), 
  even if immigration might have economic benefits , some people might not want the uk to be overcrowded . 
  the decision on this should be a democratic one , made by the uk parliament . 
   this is a shitty argument as we dont know that much about their background yet . 
  since they have n't been conspicuous before the attack , it is very possible that they could have migrated to your country from france even if eu rules were not in place . 
  the point is that there are extremists who are eu citizens in other eu countries who should not have the right to live in the uk . 
  the uk can manage this better outside the eu . 
   retirement or not , the free movement is benefitial in this case . 
  actually , it is only beneficial if spain is only allowing them in because it is forced to because of free movement . 
  what do the spanish people and the spanish govenment think about these retirees ? 
  does it want them or not ? 
  personally i think spain should make this decision and i trust spanish democracy to do what is right for spain . 
  if it is in the interests of spain to have a lot of british retirees , they will likely welcome them even though the uk is not in the eu ( in the same way that australia , canada and usa all welcome a lot of brits ) . 
  if it is not in the spanish national interest , then obviously it does not make sense for them to be accepting so many brits . 
   comprehensible from a purely national , economic , standpoint . 
  i however do believe that there is more to that . 
  if the people are a benefit in total , why should i care too much ? 
  we do n't know what the long-term consequences will be . 
  one of the reasons why reu immigrants have helped the uk economy is because of their age . 
  once they retire they will become a burden . 
  thus it does not make sense only to consider the current situation .
