  it truly is to big to fail . 
  everyone knows . 
  the problem is not the economics , everyone knows that the german state can easily save db . 
  the problem is the politics . 
  this is going to look awful . 
  it is also going to mean that the whole of the eurozone banking union gets called into question . 
  that is going to have long-term consequences ... 
  no , that would n't be a hard border . 
  i do n't think there will be a hard border . 
  i think there will be a soft border . 
  how many languages are you planning on learning ? 
  obviously , business is conducted across the whole globe , nobody can learn every language . 
  the eu needs to be very careful here , because if it forces ireland to put a hard border in ireland the irish are going to fall out of love with the eu very quickly . 
  already the irish are unimpressed by the eu 's craziness with apple . 
   you do realize the only reason he says this is because it 'll immensely profit german banking & industry by making it impossible to run finance in europe from london ? 
  london is n't trying to run finance in europe . 
  it is trying to run global finance . 
  the rest of the globe is bigger than europe . 
  if britain must choose between europe and the open sea it will choose the open sea . 
  but , i do n't think it is going to have to make this choice , because the eu is not going to want to cut itself off from global capitalism . 
  some people do not speak french . 
  if you want to do business with them , you have to speak to them in the global business language . 
  it is your choice whether or not you want to do business with them , but i for one am glad your regulators do . 
   ie if i go to db and through my db account buy stocks of vodafone or royal dutch shell and db collapses do i loose any ? 
  no , you should n't lose anything in normal circumstances . 
  the regulator accepts documents in both french and english . 
  this is simple pragmatism . 
  everyone is happy , even you . 
  this is all thanks to the marvellous brexit . 
  it is n't harder for me . 
  i speak french . 
  but it is harder for everyone else who does n't speak french and adds costs to them . 
   d the existence of any practical barrier one strongly opposed by the people living on each side . 
  this is why we can be confident that there will not be barriers - nobody in the uk or ireland wants them . 
   shot yourself in both feet and proud of it !, 
  i can respect that !, 
  i disagree . 
  it is good for everyone if all our regulators try regulate in a better way . 
  it is madness for british people to want french regulators to regulate badly . 
  i am a europhile and francophile . 
  i am pleased when france does sensible things . 
   how is adopting your language modernising exactly ? 
  the english language is the international language of finance . 
  having to comply with french for filing regulatory documents adds a cost and a barrier . 
  removing barriers is good for business . 
  i am so impressed by the change in attitude of french regulators since the brexit vote . 
  we can all be glad that france is modernising . 
  this new competitive approach to regulation is one of the many positive consequences of brexit . 
  you 're welcome guys !, 
  he is right . 
  i am glad that there is an increasing consensus on this . 
   unfortunately , or fortunately if you will , on the continent we have passed the feudal age where the sovereign can rule arbitrarily and are thus not able to follow the advice of the master . 
  the sovereign in the uk does not rule arbitrarily either . 
  that does not mean that we have to write down a rule to that effect . 
  we have unwritten conventions governing the conduct of the sovereign which work . 
   i 'm surprised you do n't seem to be concerned about the implications of the brexit vote on the unwritten constitutional arrangement between people , parliament and the sovereign . 
  is parliament to be disemboweled by an un-elected government ? 
  what does that mean for a parliamentary democracy ? 
  the brexit vote showed that the government is for the people , not the other way round . 
  prior to the referendum , the policy of the government was that the uk should remain in the eu . 
  now the policy of the government is that the uk should leave the eu . 
  the people forced the government to change its position . 
  this government is no less elected than john major 's first government or gordon brown 's government . 
  it is an established convention in the uk that governments can change during parliaments . 
  this convention has been in place prior to brexit and the fact of brexit is not , of itself , a reason to change it . 
  if parliament is not happy with the government , it is , under our constitution , able to bring down the government with a vote of no confidence in it and force elections that way . 
  however , this current parliament seems to be happy with the government and there are no indications that it wants to force an early election . 
  i 'm also not sure why you think parliament is disembowelled . 
  it was parliament that wanted the referendum and passed the legislation for it to take place ( with an overwhelming majority of parliamentarians supporting the referendum ) . 
  brexit is a wonderful thing for our parliamentary democracy . 
  in fact , i am reminded of david cameron ( who i will remember with fondness as the pm that took us out of the eu ) and his bloomberg speech announcing the referendum in which he said : '' * it is national parliaments , which are , and will remain , the true source of real democratic legitimacy and accountability in the eu . 
  * '' the brexit vote enhances the accountability of the westminster parliament to the british people . 
  came here to post exactly that . 
  one of the most frustrating things about being in the eu was the countries that agreed with the uk but would n't be there when the fight was on . 
  looking at you ireland and netherlands !, 
   having access to a 300 million large market ( if not larger ) makes things easier to them than having access to a 60 million large market . 
  nobody is in the city of london because of the 60m people in the uk . 
  that is not how finance works . 
  london is a global financial centre , in which people from across the globe come together to access global financial markets . 
  there is already a trend for some companies going to dublin , partly because of cost of real estate , partly for tax reasons . 
  but actually london and dublin work very well together in terms of finance - we have the same language and legal system . 
  dublin doing well is good for london . 
   first the uk is headed for a constitutional crisis . 
  which is kind of ironic since you do n't even have a written constitution . 
  maybe that 's at the root of your problems ? 
  are we heading for a constitutional crisis ? 
  it does n't seem that way for me . 
  i prefer the uk 's constitution to be unwritten , it has many advantages , not least flexibility . 
  why write a constitution now , when we have managed without a written one for hundreds of years ? 
   london is so attractive because of the easy access to the european financial market . 
  not really . 
  london is attractive because of legal system , tax system , stable political system , english language , timezone , high concentration of professional services , cultural amenities , respected regulators and so forth . 
  none of these are thanks to the eu . 
   you 'll find out soon enough , if you ever got around to art . 
  50 , that is . 
  i for one , wo n't hold my breath . 
  article 50 will likely be triggered early in 2017 . 
  vote leave were clear in their campaign that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
  i need to go to serbia to spy on the recipe for leskova\u010dka pljeskavica . 
  yum !,
