  thing is , the second you leave eu you 'll trigger massive rearrangement of power . 
  it 's more than likely uk will lose much of it 's economy first , which will lead to decline of london . 
  no , this is not likely . 
  there are many countries that are not in the eu that are economically successful and the uk will be like one of the , . 
   meanwhile it will likely increase push to changes in unsc ( g4 and so on ) which might completely negate that . 
  as for historical friends ...  there are many reasons why there is not much chance of the unsc changing . 
  the first of these is france . 
  ( france has the same view as the uk here , unsurprisingly . ), 
  secondly , there is no global consensus on what change should look like . 
  this makes change almost impossible . 
   is n't there a risk that a politically divided europe is going to exhaust british political capital even more ? 
  british political capital has for centuries been aimed specifically at dividing europe politically . 
  the uk likes europe to be divided politically . 
  europe is always going to be an exhausting issue for the uk . 
  this will never ever go away , whatever the uk does , whether the uk is in the eu or not in eu . 
   you want farage to be sidelined because he advocates leaving in a way that makes british people not want to leave . 
  did i get that right ? 
  almost . 
  farage is divisive . 
  he speaks very effectively to a certain demographic and that demographic voted for him in the uk general election , getting ukip four million votes and 13 % of the vote . 
  however , to win the referendum , there is no point addressing that demographic and that demographic will already vote out . 
  we need to address the central ground of british politics that will decide the outcome . 
  farage is not good at speaking to the central ground of british politics . 
  others can do it much better . 
  it was interesting , but it was also an exercise in creative writing . 
  the article failed to recognise that there were serious legal objections to quantiative easing by the ecb and it was these objections that slowed down the ecb 's actions . 
  the uk 's membership would not have impacted that . 
   without the eu , britain is a small , irrelevant island . 
  there is a type of deluded nostalgia for the days of empire you do realise that nobody in the uk is nostalgic for the empire and that it is offensive to british people to suggest that we are nostalgic about it ? 
  are you deliberately trying to offend ? 
  the rest of your post does not stand up to scrunity . 
  great britain is a middle-sized island which for historic reasons continues to be a significant player on the international stage . 
   you are not worried about large parts of that financial centre moving to frankfurt if a brexit occurs ? 
  not really . 
  i work in the financial sector myself . 
  eu regulation is a double-edged sword for the uk : inside the eu we are already faced with regulation from the eu deliberately aimed at trying to harm the uk , e.g. 
  bankers bonuses ( uk got outvoted by 26v1 ) , financial transaction tax ( this seems aimed at the uk ) , ecb trying to ensure that clearing houses for the euro are located in the eurozone . 
  we were already warned when we stayed out of the euro that london would be harmed and that turned out not to be true . 
  london has a lot to offer that is nothing to do with being in the eu ( geographic location , language , legal system , high concentration of professionals , perception of stable goverment and high level of regulation and so forth ) . 
  london 's aim is not really to be the european financial centre , but the global financial centre . 
   no , the eu is still the biggest economy in the world , from the uk 's perspective , it makes sense to look at the size of the eu 's economy without factoring in the uk economy . 
  we call eu without the uk the reu . 
  the reu 's economy is smaller than the usa economy . 
  if the uk joined the usa , for example , the size of that economy would be even bigger than the current eu economy . 
  however , it makes no sense to just consider economic size when it comes to a decision about a brexit , because the eu is fundamentally a political entity and not an economic entity . 
   why do they all want to go to england this bad ? 
  the things that attract immigrants from africa to go to the uk are very similar to those that attract lithuanias to the uk . 
  language , jobs and salary , presence of friends and family members and cultural opportunities . 
   i 'm a liberal eusceptic and do n't mind mainlanders coming here to work but our infrastructure ( housing/rent prices ) are certainly struggling to cope with how fast our population is increasing . 
  me too , i am pro high levels of immigration , but obviously it makes no sense to prioritise reuropeans over people from other parts in the globe . 
  however , getting back control of the uk 's immigration policy is fundamental in order to be able to make sure infrastructure is able to cope with the uk 's population . 
  it is therefore imperative that we leave the eu . 
   the reason we should prioritise europe is pretty simple . 
  geography . 
  in a globalised world , geography is less and less important . 
   geography . 
  i hear eurosceptics talk about trading with other parts of the globe but no one ever seems to mention shipping/travel costs and the environmental impact of long distance travel . 
  an increasing share of the uk economy is trade that can be done over the internet . 
  the uk is best at services and in particular financial services , which has zero shipping costs . 
  as a lawyer working in financial services , geography is meaningless to me . 
  separately , if you really were concerned about the environment here you would also condemn all shipping and travel costs within the eu because that also has an environmental impact . 
   pretty much everyone agrees peak oil has already happened or is about to . 
  not really . 
  people have been talking about peak oil for decades , but in case you did n't notice oil prices have collapsed recently . 
   prioritising trade with countries on the other side of the world makes no sense . 
  europe is on our doorstep . 
  and its the wealthiest trading bloc on the planet . 
  prioritising anywhere else is a baffling idea . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not suggesting that we deliberately prioritise countries the other side of the world . 
  trade does not work like that . 
  you prioritise on the basis of competitive advantage and cost and so forth . 
  the reu is not the wealthiest bloc on the planet , the usa is . 
  ( however this is irrelevant when it comes to eu membership as we can trade with both outside the eu . ), 
   the eu is ( economically speaking ) the biggest corner of the world . 
  reu has a smaller economy than the usa . 
  if we were looking just at size of economy , it would make sense for the uk to join `` ever closer union '' with the usa . 
  however , this is does not make sense . 
  outside the eu the uk can trade with as much of the globe as possible . 
   while a uk outside the eu will quickly find itself with neither friends nor allies because it has so little to offer . 
  lol . 
  the uk has massive soft power , the fifth biggest economy in the world , a permament seat on the unsc and historic links with nations all over the world , it is the home of the global language and hosts the most global city in the world and the world 's pre-eminent financial centre . 
   so / r/trucidator do you still support ukip ? 
  i 'm just asking because the party seems to be in a shambles at the moment . 
  the aim is brexit . 
  for brexit to occur , farage ( and to a lesser extent ukip ) has to be sidelined . 
  i 'm part of the broad brexit tent , which includes people from labour , conservatives , ukip , industry , trade unions . 
   a brexit sounds very backwardly to me . 
  to me it sounds very forward . 
  in a globalised world , the uk should not prioritise one small corner of it . 
  the uk should balance itself amidst friends and allies across the entire globe . 
  not at all . 
  everyone agrees with the queen , that we should n't have division in europe . 
  that has nothing to do with staying in the eu though . 
  i am pro the monarchy and will vote out . 
  no , the pm also wants peace in europe . 
  i want peace in europe . 
  however , i want the uk to pull out of the eu . 
  it has great travel options !, 
  i am six minutes walk from london bridge and borough , 8 minutes from southwark , 10 mins from mansion house , 14 mins from waterloo .
