  your post is delusional nonsense . 
  are you somehow implying that the leave side had anything to do with the murder of jo cox ? 
  you seem intent on denying the people what they voted for . 
  that way tyranny lies . 
  fortunately , the uk is a democracy and the people will get what they want . 
  you were able to participate in the democratic process too , and express your wishes . 
  you will continue to be able to do this . 
  perhaps we may have another referendum in 40 years time , but in the meantime we are leaving the eu as the british people have made their decision . 
  it would be great if you could join us in making it a fantastic success . 
   how are they gon na manage without the agreement with the eu on free trade in services , an area where the uk is a major exporter ? 
  losing access to single market would be an economic disaster for the uk . 
  the uk will manage in the same way switzerland manages . 
  by being an open , well-regulated economy . 
  the amount of uk exports in services to the eu that will be impacted by the uk leaving the eea is relatively small . 
  i agree that theresa may 's turn of phrase is not as clear as it might have been . 
  however , from what she has said , that nobody wants a return to the borders of the past , means that she does not want a hard border . 
  of course , in a literal way there will be a border there ( just as there is in a literal way a border between france and germany ) . 
   the uk has to choose between appeasing its own population who have worked themselves up ( or rather , let the media dictate the sentiment ) into a anti-foreigner frenzy ... or bring back the border . 
  no , the british people do not want a border with northern ireland . 
  nobody on the leave side of the argument was arguing for a border with northern ireland . 
  it is not ludicrous that if the people of the uk , having voted to leave the eu , should have government that carries out their wishes . 
  what would be ludicrous is what you appear to be suggesting : that the government should ignore the result of the referendum . 
  that would be profoundly undemocratic . 
  there are no parallels whatsoever with pre-war germany . 
  you follow the path of pre-war germany , we 'll follow the path of what works . 
  what on earth in my post made you think i am following the path of pre-war germany ? 
  [ this is the pm 's statement on it . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/pm-statement-in-northern-ireland-25-july-2016 ) by `` nobody wants a return to the borders of the past '' i am assuming she means that the uk and ireland do n't want a border . 
  let 's hope that brussels accepts this . 
  the leave side did not win by 2 % . 
  they won by more than that . 
  are you suggesting that rather than follow the decision of the winners of the referendum , we should follow the decision of the losers ? 
  no , that is not how democracies work . 
   listen , man , i know that `` sovereignty '' sounds great and makes your chest swell with pride but you know what ? 
  choices have consequences . 
  you chose to do this and will be held responsible for any effects it has . 
  if brussels chooses to put in place a border between the republic of ireland and northern ireland , that would be a massive mistake from brussels . 
  but this would not be the uk 's choice . 
  the uk does not want there to be a border there . 
   how are they going to manage non-eea membership ? 
  how is that even possible ? 
  have you heard of the many countries in the world that are not in the eea ? 
  the uk will be one of those . 
   judging by the tory 's standards of saying `` yeah , 2 % is enough . '', 
  the leave side won the referendum clearly . 
  of course , it is the job of the government to implement the decision of the people . 
  that is how democracies work . 
   if the uk reintroduces border controls in ni it will the uk is not going to reintroduce border controls . 
  hopefully roi does not either , but that is a decision that brussels will take . 
  neither the uk or ireland can control what brussels decides to do here . 
  til, 
  same . 
  i found her a bit too authoritarian as home secretary . 
  if she can be socially liberal and protect civil liberties as pm i will be approving . 
   articles like this make me so angry at the idiocy of the government . 
  not just the german government , but that of countries like sweden and austria , and of the eu as a whole . 
  i would n't say that it was this incident that caused brexit , but it is a symptom of an underlying problem that caused brexit . 
   including the one in calais it is schengen that created the problem in calais . 
  i agree with you on this then . 
  however , i have no sympathy for mps . 
  difficult decisions is their job :-), 
  while the majority of parliamentarians did oppose brexit , a lot of the conservative mps who opposed it were being loyal to david cameron . 
  now that cameron has gone and may is now in favour of brexit ( and especially now that the nation has voted for brexit and conservative voters in particular voted for brexit ) my feeling is that the number of conservative mps who would vote against brexit would be in the single figures , particularly as the government would whip the vote . 
  also , the number of labour mps who would vote for brexit or abstain would now be fairly high . 
  in short , the house of commons is now for brexit . 
  the real problem would be the house of lords , where there is still going to be a bremain majority and the house of lords might try and delay things . 
  even if parliamentarians do n't get to decide if article 50 is triggered , they will eventually get to vote on various bits of uk legislation that will need to be amended/put in place . 
  this will be where the fun starts , but does not directly impact brexit . 
   may 's recent committment to invoke article 50 even without consulting parliament - something that should be legally impossible due to parliament being sovereign combined with the european communities act 1972 if parliament do not like the actions of the government they can bring down the government , by calling for a no confidence vote . 
  however , i suspect that a majority of parliamentarians will support the government . 
  i 'm not in school any more !, 
  also , schools just let you wear a kippah in addition to the uniform . 
  interesting times in french politics . 
  `` it was the best of times , it was the worst of times ... '', 
  wow - this is just terribly illiberal . 
  i am glad that there are no serious movements for banning clothes in the uk ( though perhaps my own fashion choices should be questioned ... ), 
  yes , there is a pending legal challenge . 
  however , i would be quite surprised if it won , i think the advice that the government has received from government lawyers is correct and robust . 
  in the event that the legal challenge wins , i expect that there is a majority in the house of commons in favour of brexit now . 
  i would be surprised if more than a handful of conservative mps voted against it , given the result of the referendum and in particular how conservative voters voted . 
  and there will be several labour mps who will either vote for brexit or abstain . 
  my only worry is the house of lords , who could try and delay it . 
  however , in the end a government policy supported by the people is going to happen . 
  we are leaving . 
  you are welcome . 
   possibly , but people are changing their minds all the time . 
  the people that are changing their minds are those tory mps that campaigned for remain . 
  they are now endorsing leave . 
   theresa may was a member of the remain campaign . 
  she was a very reluctant remainer . 
  now that the country has voted to leave , it is the job of the government to put in place arrangements to leave . 
   is the snp that hated in england/wales ? 
  nobody in england and wales hates the snp . 
  the people of the uk though are not going to let a party get into power in the uk if their main policy is to break up the uk . 
  if labour indicate that they will go into coalition with the snp , it will encourage people to vote conservative . 
  this is one of the reasons why the conservatives won the last election , the perception that there could be an snp/labour deal . 
   the majority of labour voters did vote to remain from the polling i saw , so it makes sense from their perspective the only way labour can get into power is by winning votes from people who used to vote conservative or ukip . 
  now that the referendum has taken place , labour can either adopt a leaving the eu policy or stay out of power . 
   how could you even think about supporting the french ? 
  hahaha , sometimes i do support the french , especially in events where the uk team/individual is not present or no good ...
