  neither of those things impact credit-worthiness at all . 
   but the most recent thing i can find from cameron is about a week ago and he still seems to be advocating a simple in-out referendum , which makes more sense . 
  so that 's what i expect will be the case . 
  [ yes , i think that 's right . 
  the draft bill from last year contained this simple question ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/bills/cbill/2014-2015/0015/15015.pdf ) :  do you think that the united kingdom should be a member of the european union ? 
   not only that , but i believe that the referendum will actually have three options : stay in the eu , stay in conditional on renegotiating britain 's membership terms , or leave completely . 
  no , this is extremely unlikely . 
  there has been zero discussion or speculation over here at least of there being anything other than `` yes '' or `` no '' as voting options . 
   also why should we have a bunch of opt-outers and obstructionists in the eu ? 
  hopefully you wo n't and will get the uk to leave . 
  though once we are gone , do n't be surprised to find some new obstructionists !, 
  the most pressing need of the eu is of course to reform the eurozone and turn it into a transfer union . 
  expect some major obstruction in that process !, 
   there was until figures were revised up to zero growth from 0.1 % decline . 
  which is a dismal figure in itself . 
  yes , 0 % growth is a poor figure . 
  most of the reason for that was the eurozone melt-down in 2012 . 
  there was n't a second recession . 
  my own job , law , is not glancing behind . 
   it is notable that the uneasy relation between the uk and mainland europe also seems to be a clash between two systems of law . 
  another thing i forgot to mention is that the uk does not do domestic politics or negotiation by consensus . 
  clashes in the media , in westminster are expected and not a sign of ill-will . 
  that 's kind of why cameron was happy to try and veto juncker - in the uk you do n't need to agree to stuff like that . 
  in the eu it seems that there is more of a culture of consensus and dramatic gestures saying `` no '' in a thatcher style are frowned upon . 
  in the uk these kinds of things are admired . 
   for example : the simple phrase `` ever closer union '' , and the specifics in the treaties that for every continental person is a clear sign of futher integration / federalization , for uk common law it does not mean much . 
  this wording does present a problem for british lawyers and constitutionalists . 
  for one thing , it is exceptionally vague ( in our eyes ) and could mean a number of different things . 
  for another thing , it appears to be permanent and irreversible and in our minds this stops parliament from being able to overturn it ( the very essence of the uk constitution ) . 
  - this is why getting rid of `` ever closer union '' ( at least in relation to the uk ) is one of cameron 's objectives . 
  - this [ is also why in the last parliament 95 conservative mps wrote to mr cameron demanding that he , as part of the renegotiation , re-establish a national veto over current and future eu laws and enable uk parliament to disapply eu legislation , where it is in the british national interests to do so . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/conservative/10566124/eu-veto-the-tory-mps-letter-to-david-cameron.html ) i suspect that in this parliament there will be similar numbers of tories that want the same thing . 
  ( in my mind if they get their way they are kind of killing the eu , because i 'm not sure how the eu can operate if westminster can block anything it likes at any moment . 
  i suppose they do n't care though . 
  they are happy to kill the eu or at least , ensure that parliament remains sovereign in the uk . ), 
   it is notable that the uneasy relation between the uk and mainland europe also seems to be a clash between two systems of law . 
  i think this is part of it . 
  in the case of the uk there are two significant concerns : - common law versus civil law ways of thinking are a little bit different . 
  common lawyers do n't like the thought of legislative being written in vague terms and having wide potential implications . 
  i guess civil lawyers do n't like the very literal approach that common lawyers take ; and - constitutionally the uk with an uncodified constitution , first past the post voting system and parliamentary sovereignty does not fit in well with the constitutional aspects of eu compared to some other eu countries . 
  in the uk it has been easy to get rid of governments and change laws whereas the legislature in countries with written constituions have more limited powers . 
  other differences that are a concern for me in particular are the adversarial nature of politics and law in the uk ( and the common law world / [ westminster system of governance ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westminster_system ) world ) compared to the collaborative and inquisitorial approaches on the continent . 
  i think the adversarial approach that we see in wesminster and our courts and in our media reflects british culture and british pragmatism . 
  i think the systems that i see in a lot of the continent , with proportional voting systems , frequent coalitions , collaborative legislatures and inquisitorial courts reflect a different ( and more ideological ) mindset . 
  i see that some brits / u/slyratchet prefer the way that the eu governs itself . 
  personally , if we take a long view of history , i think the uk constition and legal system has served it well . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but is statutary law inside common law systems that restrictive when it comes down to interpretation ? 
  yes , it is extremely restrictive in the uk . 
  statures are generally drafted extremely clearly , for maxium certainty and to give the courts minimal discretion . 
  certainly i notice a big difference between the way uk statute is written and eu legislation is written . 
   how about if 47 % of the types of jobs disappeared ? 
  not actual jobs as that figure would inevitably be much higher but the types of jobs ? 
  no more delivery drivers , train drivers or pilots , no more secretaries , no more data shufflers they will be replaced . 
  we ca n't even begin to predict what new jobs will develop in the future . 
   i agree automation has been good for humanity but it will take a societal change for it to continue to be good when it can do everything a human can do . 
  we 're a long way away from artificial intelligence !, 
  as for societal changes , what do you think has been happening to society over the past few centuries ? 
  it has been changing . 
  it is n't going to stay the same . 
   http://www.futuretech.ox.ac.uk/sites/futuretech.ox.ac.uk/files/the_future_of_employment_oms_working_paper_1.pdf the paper you linked to simply argues that many current jobs are at risk . 
  it does n't conclude anything in relation to the impact of this on unemployment generally . 
  i also noticed that it was optimistic for lawyers ;-)  at the same time , lawyers , which rely on labour input from legal assistants , are in the low risk category . 
  the fact that an entire industry or occupation vanishes does not concern me . 
  i do n't know which ones will disappear , but truck-drivers and securities traders are certainly occupations that may eventually disappear . 
  i wo n't mourn them , just as i do n't currently mourn they way the printing press killed off the scribes or the railway killed off the navvies or the computer killed of proof-readers ... 
  think about the kinds of occupations that most people in the uk did even 100 years ago and think how dramatically they have changed . 
  [ the ons has an interesting paper about it . 
  ] ( http://www.ons.gov.uk/ons/rel/census/2011-census-analysis/170-years-of-industry/170-years-of-industrial-changeponent.html ) look at actual employment data . 
  in the uk after a few decades of incredible technological change , there are more people in employment than ever before . 
  it would be senseless to try and stop changing technology . 
  edit - the key to keeping high employment is a flexible work force and flexible job market . 
   however they were right in that the machines needed a lot less workers to run than the prior ` cottage ' industry style of production . 
  a single spinning jenny rig being able to do the work of 10 . 
  but they were ultimately wrong on the impact on unemployment generally . 
  job markets are flexible . 
  look at the types of jobs that people in the industrialised west do now . 
  in north west europe , japan , south korea , singapore , north america , australia and new zealand , there is generally very low unemployment . 
  and yet very few people 's jobs remotely are similar to the types of jobs that people did back in 18th and 19th century england . 
  there have been huge technological changes , making many jobs totally unecessary . 
  however , a whole range of new jobs have appeared instead . 
  we should not fear robotics and programming , we should embrace it . 
   i 'm not sure why they would do that ( not everyone outside europe lives like nomads ) but i 'm sure the police can `` liberate '' the parks if it came to that , just like they can in germany . 
  britain is actually one of the best countries at being able to accommodate immigrants , be they economic or be they refugees . 
  the main things that britain is good at is finding jobs for everyone and employment is the best way of integrating . 
  british culture being a kind of global culture and the english language also makes britain good at this . 
  britain is bad though at adapting infrastructure and building enough houses and successive governments of whatever colour for a couple of decades have struggled at this . 
  however , this is a problem that does n't particularly relate to the acceptance of refugees : even if the uk took in zero refugees it would still have a housing and infrastructure problem it does n't seem able to solve . 
  however , any discussion about the uk in relation to the distribution of asylum seekers in the eu is entirely academic . 
  the uk has already confirmed it will exercise its opt-out . 
  this is entirely unsurprising : - as a matter of politics , cameron , despite winning a majority , is now at the behest of his eusceptic backbenchers , who would not allow the uk to be part of asylum-seeker quota sharing - all discussions between the uk and the reu of whatever nature are now framed in the context of the renegotiation and the referendum . 
  those people that want the uk to stay in the eu ( i.e. 
  the other member states and the commission ) know that any pressure the reu puts on the uk in relation to asylum seeking or migration generally , makes that referendum that much harder - as a matter of policy , i think that the uk is correct to stay out of this . 
  ultimately , in a union which emphasises free movement and has no border checks in most of the union , any attempt to ensure that asylum seekers stay in places where there are different levels of wealth and different job opportunities is just a technocratic nightmare . 
  there is also a risk that this will incentivise people-smuggling and people setting sail in unsafe boats . 
  politically this is going to be an interesting area to watch and will be illustrative of the ability of eu structures to deal with existential problems . 
  to date the eu has had problems with successfully sharing perceived or real burdens ( see the never-ending greek crisis ) . 
  obviously , there is enough money in the eu to solve the greek crisis : there is just a political and institutional failure . 
  the same can be said of the asylum crisis : as you have pointed out there is obviously enough space and money in the eu to solve the current numbers of asylum seekers . 
  whether there is enough political and institutional desire remains to be seen . 
  the fact of the uk opt-out in my mind makes the job of the commission harder .
