   take this example . 
  i have a lot of difficulty seeing how this adds to the pre-election discussion about whether labour should rule the uk after the 2015 elections . 
  it is just plain ad hominem , and poisonous to public opinion . 
  this kind of fun picture is designed to entertain british people . 
  i think it is fun . 
  not being able to publish this kind of stuff is worse for a democracy than publishing it !, 
   common decency and a focus on contents should win over superficial verdicts . 
  i guess you and i just have different views on the function of the media !, 
  i think they should be taking politicians down ... 
   do you think that 1 ) the economic troubles ( caused by the britains disruption with the single market in case of a brexit ) would be worth it whether or not the uk leaves the single market is a separate question from whether or not the uk leaves the eu . 
  the uk could stay in the single market ( or parts of it ) while leaving the eu . 
   ( because trade deals with other countries take a long time to set up switzerland sets them up quickly . 
  the uk could do so too , unencumbered by the interests of the reu . 
  if switzerland can do trade deals , so can britzerland . 
   i think what / u/silverionmox meant was that there are as many reu citizens in the uk as there are uk citizens in the reu . 
  https://euobserver.com/social/123066 i 'm afraid you are linking to data that is more than five years old . 
  since that time , there have been dramatic changes to demographics in the eu as the uk job market has recovered far better than the reu job market . 
  there are now far more reuropeans in the uk than the other way round . 
   for instance , if we left the eu ( for instance , following a referendum in 2016 , hypothetically speaking ) , many of these british citizens would be unable to obtain visa or citizenship and therefore be forced to return to the uk . 
  not really . 
  the majority of brits overseas are not in the reu anyway , they are in australia , canada and usa . 
  the idea that the reu would kick out brits after a brexit is as fanciful as the idea that the uk would chuck out reuropeans . 
  nobody is suggesting this . 
  indians have integrated much better than some others . 
  in fact , indians are better integrated than a lot of british people ... 
  it is going to be fascinating to see how renzi and italians generally react to this . 
  euscepticism in italy is going to rise . 
  it is also going to be interesting to see if the eu generally starts to change its stance on immigration from mena . 
   and it 's not like there is no reporting on what happens in ` brussels ' : a quick view on today 's headlines would already prove that is not true . 
  meps , commissioners etc are not afraid of the media . 
  this is a shame . 
   out of my own experience i prefer inquiring above aggressive the court in the common law is essentially a referee between two aggresive parties who decide their own rules . 
  the court in the civil law is essentially an inquiror looking for some fundamental truth , in which two parties give evidence . 
  i simply prefer the first !, 
  by analogy , i prefer aggressive media , arguing heavily . 
  i think that 's how you get better outcomes . 
   were n't you at least a bit worried about the way the tabloids discussed elections in the uk ? 
  personally i do n't read the tabloids . 
  but i am very happy that the uk has a free and angry press . 
  their should be no limits as to how they discuss elections . 
   the poor decisions you complain about are n't really being seen as poor in the rest of europe , as there is much less upheaval about it . 
  maybe a bit boring to come back at that again , but the uk again stands ` alone ' in this as it seems . 
  i believe we some ago agreed that the eu and the uk its troubled relationship can be summarized as a clash between civil and common law . 
  is n't this the main reason behind this criticism , instead of the contents of said decisions ? 
  i agree that different legal systems is part of the clash , but perhaps more significantly different constitutional arrangements . 
  the uk has a sovereign parliament and no written consitution and thus is a very poor fit in the eu 's constitutional arrangements . 
  however , historical reasons outweigh these factors . 
   i agree to this in essence , but the way it plays out in the uk is really a farce . 
  the role the tabloids played in for example played in demonizing ed milliband was below all standards , and i for one am happy that such tabloid slander can not be found in newspapers over here , save that one newspaper we have called ` de telegraaf ' ( and even then only rarely ) . 
  i probably would 've voted conservative in the uk if i were a british national , yet the way public opinion was swayed was pretty appaling . 
  i find it hard to be proud on the aggressive media apparatus you seem to praise here . 
  as agressive media is fundamentally a good thing . 
  ( it is also part of the uk adversarial political and judicial culture . ), 
  which media was seb blatter so angry and afraid about ? 
  the british media : they speak truth to power more fiercely than other media . 
  the lack of an aggressive eu media is a massive worry for an effective democracy . 
   and all are based on speculations . 
  that 's the biggest issue here : depending on what exactly uk can negotiate and what other countries will let uk negotiate , the economical outcome will vary . 
  in other words : we wo n't know what will happen until it happen . 
  while i agree that the nature of the uk-reu relationship , post brexit is a speculative one , some of these papers have analysed in detail what the relationship could look like and considered many different options . 
  [ one such paper is the open europe paper . 
  ] ( http://openeurope.org.uk/blog/britain-can-prosper-post-brexit-if-it-embraces-free-trade-and-deregulation/ )  yes , because - again - we do n't know . 
  hence , the dice roll : it 's as good prediction as any . 
  the reason why i was interested in it was because it does not present a negative future of the reu after a brexit . 
  this is quite different from your own position which is :  `` the possible chain of events that `` brexit '' could trigger would be disastrous to entire ` western world ' , politically and economically . 
  that 's why i 'm butthurt : bunch of uneducated xenophobic brits could obliterate world order i 'm quite comfortable in . '', 
   `` brexit '' issue is , by the way , one of the examples : assumptions are presented as facts , bright future is promised , dangers are downplayed . 
  i think the opposite . 
  we get ridicuous claims like 3 million jobs depend on the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  we also got these same fear-mongering when we stayed out of the euro - it was proved wrong . 
   ok , you seem to be on an anti-british crusade , so i 'll just let you be . 
  he keeps repeating that some british people are nostalgic about the empire . 
  this is offensive and untrue . 
  he is deliberately trying to offend british people . 
   regardless , you used lithuanians as an example for a purpose i do not necessarily understand as already mentioned , i used lithuanians as an example because i was answering a question from someone with a lithuanian flag . 
   because what if a german or dutch guy asked it ? 
  i 've just given you an answer for a dutch person . 
  i would answer in a similar way fort a german person , though my experience of germans is that they are not such anglophiles as the dutch . 
   this points out why it 's hard to even estimate impact of `` brexit '' on uk ( and eu ) , and why majority of ` projections ' are dishonest ( especially those focusing on tired ` trade argument ' ) . 
  since the date of that paper , there have been several other papers published which examine this in quite a bit more detail . 
   http://www.swp-berlin.org/fileadmin/contents/products/research_papers/2013_rp07_olv.pdf i just read the concluding pages of this article . 
  while it is interesting , it is not really negative . 
  it just seems to take the view that there will be many changes to the reu if the uk leaves , but it does not present them either with certainty or negatively . 
   if uk leaves eu , it might be followed by other countries led by highly nationalistic and populistic politicians . 
  the ` armageddon ' scenario ( although unlikely ) might mean dissolution of eu as such , and effective decline of entire region . 
  the vacuum would be filled by other superpowers - mainly china - and would fit russian politics more than anything . 
  i think if other countries leave the eu this will be ultimately because the eu is not giving people what they want . 
  ( thing about this carefully . 
  is the eu giving people what they want ? ), 
  read my posts on this sub . 
  do they sound as if they are ignorant to you ? 
  my brother-in-law is dutch . 
  the things that attracted him to the uk are similar to the things that attract everyone to the uk , though my experience of dutch people is that a lot of them are anglophiles and love british culture , so i expect that those things are more important to them . 
  separately , there are n't really better salary or employment prospects in the uk compared to the netherlands , so those things are not pull factors in quite the same way . 
  what is your own answer to the question ? 
   nigel farage has tried to row back his comments about ` british-born ' workers , but do n't be fooled . 
  this is open , explicit racism the telegraph it is currently legal in the uk for employers to prefer eu workers over non-eu workers . 
  is that far right ? 
   how we can possibly be giving a billion pounds a month when we 're in this sort of debt to bongo bongo land is completely beyond me . '', 
  ukip mep godfrey bloom bloom 's turn of phrase was offensive and he was fired .
