  pretty soon , most companies would relocated . 
  the services part of the uk economy needs the channel tunnel for exports the least . 
  i work in services . 
  i export by e-mail and telephone . 
  most goods from the uk can be shipped to rotterdam ( remember that britannia rules the waves and that our friendly longest-ever-allies , the portugese , as a nation that also faces the oceans , understands the importance of shipping too ) . 
  i agree that it would be a shame for the uk if the channel tunnel closed . 
  but it is more important for the uk to protect its borders , particularly with what we have seen with terrorism in recent months . 
   most immigrants in calais are not from the middle east and are not refugees . 
  building a immigration camp alleviates the burden that france faces . 
  if they have entered france illegally , it makes sense for france to deport them . 
  what is their future in france if they are in an immigration camp ? 
  do they just stay there forever ? 
  it does not make sense to build camps for illegal immigrants . 
  it makes sense to either give them asylum ( if they are asylum seekers ) or deport them ( if they are illegal immigrants ) . 
   as for the eurotunnel you are probably more dependant than france . 
  closing down would have a cost for both . 
  france is solely playing their cards . 
  i disagree . 
  the company that owns the eurostar and the channel tunnel etc are french companies , most of the workers are french . 
  i do n't think france wants to close them down . 
   i think us norwegians get a good deal . 
  paying less to the eu than bulgaria and sovereignity over fishing and agriculture policies . 
  i would prefer the norwegian deal to the current british deal . 
   in the same way the us or australia , since tightening their laws on immigration started to face illegal immigration problems and had to patrol their borders in another way , the same is happening to the uk . 
  both the usa and australia , like the uk , have good economies and the english language , which is why so many people want to go there . 
  it is not because they have tight laws on immigration that there is a problem with illegal immigration . 
  the tight laws on immigration are a consequence of so may people wanting to go there . 
   ca n't expect france to do the job for you , pay for it , and act as a shield . 
  does france really want to have camps on its borders ? 
  if france lets immigrants roam free on the eurotunnel , the eurotunnel will close . 
  i do n't think france wants that . 
  it is in france 's interests to keep the eurotunnel open . 
   the british can increase their quota of refugees , build immigrant camps ( for not refugees ) , while their application is processed to either admission or deportation , etc. 
  britain increasing its quota of refugees will not impact calais . 
  it does not make sense for the uk to take refugees from calais as people in france are already safe . 
  france is a rich country . 
  the uk should take refugees directly from the middle east , by plane to the uk ( as it is doing ) . 
  if the uk takes refugees from calais , that is unfair on the refugees in the middle east ( who have the greatest need and are subject to the greatest risk ) . 
  it will also cause more people to try and go to calais , which will end up putting more money into the hands of criminal people smugglers , cause people to die making the journely and then massively increase the people of calais . 
   build immigrant camps ( for not refugees ) , while their application is processed to either admission or deportation , etc. 
  the uk is already giving more money to the unhcr than the rest of the eu put together , which is the international agency responsible for managing refugees . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by building immigrant camps . 
   i never disputed that . 
  that creates a problem in itself ( calais , for instance ) that must be tackled by the british gov. , like it or not . 
  you seemed to indicate that if people want to go to the uk , then the uk government should make its immigration legislation easier , so that more people can get to the uk legally . 
  i disagree . 
  the problem is on french soil and is primarly causing problems in france and is primarily something for france to deal with . 
  there is nothing else that the british government can really do that it is not already doing . 
   we are not part of shengen , leaving will have literally no effect on refuges and migrant numbers . 
  my post is not about schengen or about migration . 
  perhaps you intended to reply to someone else ? 
   the uk rules are not specially strict , but they are more than other eu countries , like germany . 
  germany and the uk have very different demographics . 
  the population of germany now is about the same as it was 20 years ago , whereas the population of the uk is several millions higher . 
  germany 's birthrate is also much lower than the uk 's birthrate . 
  the same immigration policy that suits germany therefore does not suit the uk . 
  the uk is also a country which , because of the english language and because of the uk 's colonial past , has a particularly high number of people wanting to immigrate to . 
   the uk receives a shittone of immigrants , from everywhere , but there are many many more , even the unskilled ones , that want to join . 
  wanting to go to the uk is not something that gives someone the right to go to the uk . 
  just because someone wants to go to the uk , the uk government should not make it easy for them to come to the uk . 
   so maybe fighting illegal job market should be the number one concern , and will act as a deterrent in the future . 
  [ i agree that this is an important concern , but note the current british government is already doing this . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2015/may/20/immigration-bill-to-include-crackdown-on-illegal-foreign-workers ), 
   but they do n't have to and it does n't benefit them to do so , so why should they ? 
  the uk and france are friendly nations that have had an entente for quite a while . 
  engaging politely with allies is normal in internation relations . 
   the rules are the problem because they are too strict , as in people struggled to get their work visa application approved in their home countries . 
  and because they want to work in the uk , because of many factors , which english language is one of the main ones , coupled with the strict immigration rules it has created the problem . 
  and this is blatant to anyone . 
  the rules for getting work visas to the uk are not significantly harder than for other countries . 
  ( as i am sure you know , hundreds of thousands of people succeed in immigrating to the uk every year from across the world . 
  the rules are self-evidently not the problem . ), 
  the majority of the calais immigrants do not qualify for work visas to most countries in the world as the majority of them do not have high skills . 
  it is n't the uk 's strict immigration rules that have created the calais problem . 
  are you able to find a single article indicating that the uk 's strict immigration rules are a cause of the problem ? 
  obviously , if the uk had totally open borders , there would n't be a problem in calais , but this is not a reason for the uk to not control its borders . 
   and cooperation with france is way more than tackling the calais juggle and you know that . 
  you 've not made any meaningful suggestions as to what else the uk should do . 
  you have not explained why the uk immigration rules are the problem . 
  you have simply said that they are the problem . 
  the reasons why people want to go to the uk might not be immigration rules , they might be other factors ( e.g. 
  language ) . 
   as for what the uk should do . 
  i do n't know , but it should start with maybe trying to directly work with france instead of simply trying to deflect the problem to france , like most of the british politicians seem to be doing and/or proposing . 
  why do you think that the uk is n't working with france ? 
  [ there is multiple evidence to the contrary . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-33992952 ), 
   well , france is dealing with the problem in calais and other solely because of your immigration rules . 
  i do n't see the uk government politely discussing with france regarding british laws on immigration , despite does directly impacting what 's happening in france . 
  in what respect is the cause of the calais problem the uk immigration rules ? 
  how do you think uk immigration rules should be changed to deal with this problem ? 
   why would they feel the need to consult the uk about opening a refugee camp within their own borders ? 
  there is obviously no legal requirment for them to do this . 
  however , given that opening this camp as close to the uk as possible will impact the uk , it would be polite to discuss it with the uk before opening it . 
   the only difference is that they would loose university , education , agriculture and cultural subventions the uk is a net contributor to the eu . 
  if the uk wanted to subsidise things once it leaves the eu , then of course it could . 
  this is a relevant question for british democracy and the government of the day to decide . 
  we should welcome making this decision about what we do with our money . 
   i want my country out of the european union . 
  hopefully if the uk leaves the eu , the debate in denmark will intensify .
