  i suspect that the uk would at the same time as negotiating with the reu , begin negotiations with many other third countries ( to maximise leverage ) . 
   are they not accurate ? 
  genuinely asking because polls in germany are usually reliable the polls got the uk general election wrong in may 2015 . 
  afterwards there was a big inquest into why they got them wrong . 
  one of the conclusions was that the sampling was not correct and that labour voters were overstated and conservative voters were understated . 
  we know that the polling companies have tried to change their sampling , but we do not know if they have been successful . 
  therefore we should be cautious with the polls . 
  the polls are also fluctuating and not all saying the same things . 
  these are other reasons to be mindful before listening to them . 
  that 's what was interesting to me too . 
  there ca n't be many words like this . 
  normally if german and english share a common derivation , then either dutch/flemish languages or frisian or one of the scandinavian languages will do too . 
   but all i 'm really gon na say that the uk press is already starting to question belgium 's security competence . 
  they have mi-5 and mi-6 doing a reasonably serious job . 
  uk press has been very critical of belgian security arrangements . 
  one of the good things about our very critical press is that it does hold governments to account . 
  hopefully belgian security agencies will learn some lessons . 
  unfortunately no security agency , no matter how good , can be guaranteed to foil every plot . 
   did that prevent 7/7/2005 to happen ? 
  no , it did n't . 
  unfortunately no intelligence agencies anywhere in the world can guarantee that they will always prevent terrorist attacks . 
  however , the uk intelligence agencies have stopped many many terrorist attacks in the last few years . 
  ( the uk is somewhat fortunate because of geography it is better able to ensure that weapons from other parts of europe do n't reach the uk . 
  also , the uk has a lot of history with terrorism with the ira so has had more time than some european countries to practice this . 
  also , my understanding is that the uk intelligence agency have managed to get more muslims to join them and gain specific intelligence that way . 
  also , i guess that the uk agencies are more aggressive at hacking internet/telephone records etc. ), 
  however , the bad news in london is that we know that we are very at risk of an attack here . 
   french-british friendship , someday ? 
  no , we and the french are fancy western european countries that have fancy things like ententes , not things like friendships . 
   i 'm genuinely interested how belgium will affect the next poll . 
  paris did not impact the polls , so my sense is that belgium wo n't . 
  however , cameron has recently been arguing specifically that we need to stay in the eu because of national security . 
  perhaps people wo n't believe that anymore . 
   does n't scotland has huge reserves of oil ? 
  yes it does . 
  which makes it somewhat vulnerable to the global oil price , which has spent the last 18 months tanking . 
   maybe stay in the uk then ? 
  for ordinary individuals the best response to terrorism is to not be terrorised and continue your life as before . 
   belgium is just the easy target , that 's the whole west being attacked here . 
  this . 
  they attacked brussels because that was logistically easiest for them . 
  but they also want to attack london , new york , paris and berlin too . 
   i think the status of de facto capital of europe might play a part ( the metro stations that were attacked seem to confirm this , as they are near the eu institutions ) . 
  it is possible that they specifically went for a tube station near eu institutions , but i think the fact that they also went for the american airlines desk in brussels airport makes it look like a general attack on the west . 
  in any case , bad times . 
  [ it is probably at this stage worth you looking at nato article 5 to see exactly what it says . ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/is/natohq/topics_110496.htm ? ), 
  falklands is not covered . 
   uk could still invoke article 5 of nato if necessary for the falklands , no ? 
  no , it could n't . 
  nato article 5 does not take into consideration territory outside the north atlantic ( i.e. 
  europe/north america ), 
   scotland could function , but they would be very poor for a very very long time . 
  this simply depends on choices that their government makes . 
  they do have a very high deficit , but they would be able to implement a lot of cuts quickly . 
  i 'm a brexiter and personally i think that the project fear in the context of the scottish independence referendum campaign was pretty embarrassing and hugely insulting to scottish people . 
  i also consistently argued this during and subsequent to the campaign . 
  i am pro the union , but i find the idea that scotland could n't function as an independent nation ridiculous . 
  no lights on in london ? 
  oh , it is covered by cloud :(, 
   people besides us are mean towards spaniards ? 
  they need to stop , that 's our thing . 
  * coughs *, 
   i have to disagree , you probably took the regional election vote as exemple , in case of national election , lot of people vote for the candidate . 
  i also took the example of the eu elections in 2014 and observed a pattern in various other jurisdictions . 
   in my opinion the number can be much higher if you add the non registered french living there . 
  agreed with this ... 
  there is no real authoritative data on the number of french people living in the uk . 
  the uk does n't really keep track of them and nor does france ... 
   and with people from right wing moving slowly giving their vote to marine le pen there is big chance that it 's going to be hollande ... 
  it is the left that lose votes to mlp . 
  why have you editorialised the title ? 
  the article is saying that brexit will be bad for the eu , not for the uk . 
   in exchange of what ? 
  whether or not other countries are protectionist , the uk should n't be . 
  the uk should happily import things from other parts of the world even if other parts of the world impose restrictions on exports from the uk . 
   neither the british manufacturing nor the british military were world 's top class . 
  trade has never been unilateral . 
  not really sure what this has to do with anything . 
   the essence of free market is : chances you get the girl , or not the essence of free market is that people act rationally and in enlightened self interest and everyone benefits . 
   i do believe the ecb will not deliberately destroy britain . 
  how would it even destroy the uk if it wanted to ?!, 
  it can hardly manage its own currency area . 
  hopefully it will get better at that soon . 
   in exchange of what ? 
  whether or not other countries are protectionist , the uk should n't be . 
  the uk should happily import things from other parts of the world even if other parts of the world impose restrictions on exports from the uk . 
   neither the british manufacturing nor the british military were world 's top class . 
  trade has never been unilateral . 
  not really sure what this has to do with anything . 
   the essence of free market is : chances you get the girl , or not the essence of free market is that people act rationally and in enlightened self interest and everyone benefits . 
   i do believe the ecb will not deliberately destroy britain . 
  how would it even destroy the uk if it wanted to ?!, 
  it can hardly manage its own currency area . 
  hopefully it will get better at that soon . 
   i 'm afraid it is close to impossible to not care in a highly integrated market . 
  market access do n't come without prices . 
  actually , outside the eu , the uk could unilaterally give access to its markets to whoever it wanted and my strong preference would be for it to do this . 
  the beauty of free trade is that it works even if you do it unilaterally ( unlike , for example , nuclear disarmament ) . 
  of course , once the uk leaves the eu there is a risk that the eu becomes quite protectionist . 
  but that is not a reason for the uk to be protectionist .
