  if the referendum were held in five years time i think leave would win by a larger margin . 
  the uk , by staying out of the euro , will inevitably get further and further from the eu core . 
  the only thing i like that the eu does is remove tariffs between the eu member states . 
  everything else ( the single market , the euro , the cap , the cfp , the common external tariff etc etc i dislike . ), 
  i do n't mind the schengen area , but am glad the uk is n't in it . 
  i do n't agree . 
  the same people who voted to stay in the common market in the 1970s just voted to leave the eu . 
  they changed their mind . 
  the italian government was completely irresponsible agreeing to the bank recovery and resolution directive knowing that bmps would need to be rescued and that many of the bondholders were retail investors . 
   if they put up a border i think ireland should leave the eu . 
  the uk is unlikely to put up a border . 
  ireland will be required by the eu to put up a border . 
  yes , and this was one of the reasons why i voted leave . 
  the eu gets involved with all kinds of things i do n't want it to get involved with . 
  edit - it seems that lots of euphiles can not cope with the fact that some people do not want their country to be in the eu and downvote . 
  / r/europe , do you actually want to encounter a range of different views here ? 
  or do you want to be in a circlejerk ? 
  downvoting euscepticism every time you encounter it simply makes eusceptics feel unwelcome here , is that what you want ? 
   i want to believe that the uk people who voted knew that they would kick out any agreements they had with eu countries and have to start from scratch when they chose to vote brexit . 
  starting from scratch was what i wanted . 
  however , it is not quite true that the eu regulates all arrangements between eu member states . 
  lots of the uk 's arrangements with other eu member states are regulated by other arrangements ( nato , wto , un , plus other bilateral arrangements , e.g. 
  borders with france and ireland etc. ), 
  it is ok if spaniards mess - just as long as the french and the germans and the dutchies and the ruskies keep things real ... 
  she seems to hate the uk but chooses to live in the uk . 
  thanks - very interesting story . 
  where did he get to after he left latvia ? 
  we do n't know for certain whether or not gove was a source . 
  it is interesting that kuensberg 's source seems to confirm the sun 's source . 
  the uk wants friesland . 
  they basically speak english . 
  provided that you do n't get your empire anything is on the table ... 
  as in you get the netherlands or we get the netherlands ? 
  or we share it ? 
  exactly . 
  you should get the piece that france gets and we should get the rest . 
  this would n't work because the uk does n't get any . 
  culturally it is basically deepest darkest cristo si e ' fermato a eboli though . 
   and the member states will still want to co-operate on them . 
  otherwise they would n't have granted the eu any coordination powers in the first place . 
  what to do if a member state changes its mind and wants to take back a competence it has previously given away ? 
  to me this is the key question . 
  i am not aware of a single instance in which power has gone from the eu institutions to the member states in any area ever . 
  the acquis only moves in one direction . 
  this was one of the key reasons why the uk voted to leave . 
  cameron began his renegotiation by wanting competences returned , but failed . 
  given this , a lot of british people saw voting leave as the only option . 
  if the eu was a system in which powers could move in both directions , i think it would be a lot more healthy . 
   the best answer i can give you is that i wish to see an end to the partial or no integration that plagues the eu in economic , security , foreign relations and defense matters . 
  partial integration does not work in some areas , but that is not of itself an argument for full integration , it could equally lead us to the conclusion that some things need to be disintegrated . 
  i think your full integration suggestion ( are you really saying that france should give the eu control over its foreign relations ? ), 
  is completely unrealistic . 
  you will simply end up giving some power to overpaid quangos who have no democratic legitimacy or oversight . 
  russian influence would probably be good for a corbyn-governed uk . 
  corbyn would want to go full-on honecker and we would need the restraining influence of the ussr ... 
  that 's not fair !, 
  corbyn for the uk would be much much worse than rrg for germany !, 
   your acussion is lazy and polemic - it can be true , or it can not be true , depending on the actual situation and the outcome one wishes to achieve . 
  let me know which competencies currently held by the eu you would like to return to the member states . 
  they are already here . 
   create eu funded asylum sorting centers in greece/italy and turkey , lebanon etc. 
  instead of doing nothing and allowing uncontrolled migration . 
  no point waiting for eu to fund things . 
  each country should have just done it themselves . 
   they leave right away to germany . 
  happened several times in the last year . 
  that thing about the single market being indivisible and having to accept free movement of workers to get the other freedoms ? 
  no thanks . 
   are four years of rot-rot-gr\u00fcn really a solution ? 
  this would be bad for germany , but i would buy popcorn . 
  ( not that i want bad things to happen to you . ), 
   this is another area where everyone would benefit immensely from european cooperation . 
  it does n't matter what the problem is , the solution is always the same for euphiles : more eu . 
  if the only thing you believe in is the hammer you are holding , suddenly everything looks like a nail . 
   there is really nothing stopping someone from just driving into a load of pedestrians without any warning this is the really scary part . 
  no planning is really needed . 
  you do n't need to be part of any group . 
   not at easily as before . 
  there will be tariff free trade . 
   not under the same conditions . 
  no country wants to get rid of uk tourists . 
  we will continue to come easily . 
  as for working , few brits currently work in the eu . 
  we mostly go there to retire . 
  skilled workers will be able to work anywhere . 
  '' * monte dei paschi di siena is to be rescued by the italian state using a new $ 20bn bailout package , as a last-gasp private sector rescue plan for the world 's oldest bank looked set to fail , forcing losses on bondholders . 
  the government rescue , which had long been resisted in rome , is designed to draw a line under the slow-burn crisis in italian banking that has alarmed investors and become the main source of concern for european financial regulators . 
  the woes of italy 's banking sector have also spilled over into the political sphere , contributing to the government 's defeat in this month 's constitutional referendum . 
  a private $ 5bn recapitalisation plan led by jpmorgan collapsed on wednesday after mps failed to find an anchor investor , a crucial plank of the deal , said four people close to the dossier . 
  with mps also failing to raise sufficient money from a debt-for-equity offer -- another part of the private sector rescue -- by a deadline of wednesday , the government is expected to inject capital , taking its stake in the bank much above the current 4 per cent . 
  rome could even take a majority stake , according to people close to the bank . 
  bankers said the debt-for-equity swap was on track to raise $ 1.7 bn , far short of the overall amount needed . 
  the state funds to rescue the bank would come from a $ 20bn package approved by both houses of parliament on wednesday that could be used to bail out several of the country 's most fragile banks . 
  shares in mps were suspended on wednesday morning after the bank , italy 's third-largest lender by assets , warned that its liquidity levels were deteriorating rapidly . 
  people close to the bank said small and midsized companies had been pulling deposits . 
  speaking in parliament on wednesday , pier carlo padoan , italy 's finance minister , said government-backed recapitalisation would be conditional on the willingness of banks to put forth restructuring plans allowing them `` to travel on their own legs , be profitable , and finance the economy '' . 
  mr padoan insisted that apart from a few `` critical '' situations , italy 's banking system was `` solid and healthy '' . 
  he vowed to `` minimise , if not erase '' any impact of the public intervention on the savings of ordinary citizens . 
  mps shares have fallen 86 per cent in the past year , while italian banks on average have halved in value . 
  italy is readying to pump more funds into other midsized banks in veneto and genoa in need of capital amid expectations they will also fail to find private support .
