  during almost the entire period of the last labour government it was 40 % . 
   if poverty and income inequality increases , lower unemployment is not an accomplishment . 
  in the uk , `` poverty '' is a relative measure and essentially equivalent to `` income inequality '' . 
  personally i think employment is a more imporant goal in and of itself than the goal of income equality . 
  if we can get more people out of unemployment that is a good thing ( even if rich people are getting richer at a faster rate ) . 
   only a very small amount of jobs are zero hours contracts . 
  and most people on them are students/pensioners happy with their situation . 
  although there are some people whose zero hour contracts are being abused it 's not really a huge problem as labour says . 
  interestingly , the question of zero hours contracts in the uk is politically significant in france . 
  over the last few years , unemployment in france has moved in the opposite direction from the uk and this has not gone unnoticed the other side of the channel . 
  how to reform the french labour market and whether to copy uk flexibility etc is thus fairly regularly commented on by french politicians , [ discussed in the french press etc. 
  ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/international/article/2014/10/24/les-damnes-des-zero-hour-contracts_4512171_3210.html ), 
   typically when unemployment in germany is discussed people will say that government created `` fake jobs '' artificially depress unemployment rates . 
  out of general interest , does such a thing exist in the uk as well ? 
  in the uk , since the financial crisis almost all the jobs growth has come from the private sector . 
  the number of people employed in the public sector has fallen considerably . 
  there is n't really a political discussion in the uk about whether or not the jobs are fake jobs . 
  the politically contentious points are : - whether the jobs are secure ( some people argue that lots of jobs are zero-hours-contract jobs ) - whether the jobs are well-paid ( are people earning a `` living wage '' ? ), 
  - whether it is british people or foreigners that are taking most of the new jobs however , there is a consensus among most commentators that the job market in the uk is a very good one . 
  not only is unemployment very low , but employment is at its highest ever value , both in terms of the number of people working in the uk and the percentage of the workforce who are in work . 
  the more complex issue is that the uk , despite very good job figures , is not as productive as most of its peers . 
  solving the uk 's productivity problem should be one of the key concerns of policy makers . 
   it is all being driven by current events . 
  the greek crisis , the october bill affair and now the syrian refugees . 
  if the refugee crisis is resolved it 'll go back to being a large win . 
  the eu seems to be in a state of permanent crisis though . 
  just as one crisis gets `` solved '' another crisis pops up . 
  the refugee crisis is n't really close to being solved and there are a number of other crises bubbling away in europe that could surface . 
  i also do n't think that current voting intentions are just to do with syrian refugees . 
  i think there are other factors at play : ( i ) the vote leave campaign is simply a better organised and more sophisticated operation than the britain stronger in europe campaign , ( ii ) farage ( who is divisive and bse 's strongest asset ) has been off the airwaves , ( iii ) the news about the renegotiation is that cameron 's wishes are not being taken on board . 
  the british public get from this a sense that their elected pm is being disrespected and they do not like this , ( iv ) the remain campaign is focused on fear-mongering . 
  this not only annoys floating voters ( as we saw with scotland ) , it also somewhat insults their intelligence . 
  most voters know that there are many successful countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  any campaign that implies that the uk could n't be a successful country outside the eu is obviously going to be met with suspicion by the electorate . 
   we need to make the uk an extremely hostile place for these people in order to deter them from coming . 
  we should not make the uk a hostile place . 
  the uk is desirable primarily because of the language and the job market . 
  we ca n't change the former and we should have no wish to change the latter . 
   if those people act like that in calais , why the fuck should the uk even think of letting them in ? 
  they act like beasts . 
  there is no reason for the uk to let them in . 
  even if they behaved like angels , the uk should not let them in . 
  the process for immiograting to the uk should not be `` go to calais '' , it should be comply with the legal processes for immigration . 
   i think it 's actually illegal in hungary to bet through foreign gambling companies ( ie not through the companies of orban-approved oligarchs ) really ? 
  how weird !, 
  ca n't you do what you want with your own money ? 
  free movement of capital etc. ... 
  i am not sure if i agree with you on status quo . 
  while it is true that british people tend to be pragmatic and unrevolutionary , i do n't think it makes sense to call `` remain '' the status quo option . 
  the eu is becoming federal and will increasingly integrate : it is not going to stay the same . 
  both `` remain '' and `` leave '' therefore represent a change . 
  i think leaving the eu is the safer option for the uk . 
   the refugee distribution plans were first negotiated in may 2015 . 
  though the negotiations continued with final agreement taking place in september . 
   ladbrokes already has brexit on 40 % . 
  if i were british , i 'd probably bet against it now , because in my mind there is way less of a chance for brexit than that . 
  you can bet even if you are not british . 
  this is an odd exemption . 
  sweden 's refugee levels are not materially different now from what they were at the time the relocation scheme was being negotiated . 
   it would be a grave misstake for the uk to `` totally '' ( if even practically possible ) leave . 
  why would it be a mistake ? 
  i think it would be very sensible . 
   during the referendum , polls showed that the majority of scots supported leaving the uk if the uk was going to leave the eu . 
  any citation on this ? 
  i did n't see any poll showing this . 
   i 'll certainly believe you find it interesting but you 're exactly one of the people i alluded to with it is also something you find interesting , which is why you regularly comment on it . 
   i 'm also not convinced most people will stay interested at this rate . 
  i suspect interest to increase as the referendum approaches . 
  i expect this topic to continue to get huge numbers of comments every week from now until the referendum . 
   are we going to have to listen to the same thing every week ? 
  every time there 's a new poll there 's another pointless discussion here on / r/europe with the same entrenched opinions and the same people . 
  one of the reasons why this topic appears each week is because the users of this sub find the topic very interesting . 
  week after week this topic gets huge numbers of people engaged in discussion . 
  perhaps it does not interest you , but then why not just ignore it and comment on the things that do interest you instead ? 
   did you actually read the link i send ? 
  it starts with yes , i did . 
   i understand you probably dont speak french but at least try to google translate the link i offered . 
  it was their referendum to change the constitution . 
  i do speak french , thanks . 
  the referendum does not relate to r&d workers . 
  it relates to immigration generally . 
  there is zero reason whatsoever to think that r&d workers might be impacted . 
   tomorrow they can decide that they dont want any eu researchers since it is not in the interrest of switzerland . 
  there 's no protection offered for r&d in the referendum . 
  this was the case before the referendum . 
  the referendum has not , of itself , changed the law making powers of switzerland . 
  if , in the future , the swiss were to vote to limit r&d workers , then it might make sense to reconsider cern . 
  however , at the moment this risk is fanciful . 
   and i simply said cern should start moving operations abroad on the long term since the values represented by people working there are and of people working in r&d are not represented by the swiss . 
  as much as we can say anything about the values of people working in cern and r&d , we can presume that those values relate to science etc. 
  i do n't think we can comment meaningfully on the views that cern and r&d workers have on immigration . 
   where did i say that ? 
  are you strawmaning the issue ? 
  it seems then that we both agree that switzerland can both comply with its referendum and have plenty of foreigners working at cern . 
  i do n't see a problem . 
   but why should my tax money go on research that will be carried out in switzerland or uk that can later decide okay yeah we dont want any eu researcher cuz `` deyr tekkin err jerbs '' / switzerland has not said that they do n't want eu researchers . 
  the referendum was not about eu researchers . 
  under the terms of the referendum , switzerland can still have eu researchers working in switzerland . 
   because cern is an international organisation . 
  therefore they can pussyfoot around the issue by saying well the person we 're employing isnt actually employed in switzerland .
