  good integration is , after all , where the minority has the same spectrum of opinion as the majority . 
  it would also perversely risk some political parties ignoring particular identities . 
  if minorities are told that they should n't vote for particular parties , there is a risk that those political parties will ignore any needs of that identity . 
  you 're right , really . 
  it is also very remembered here . 
  i just meant that it is now more than 100 years since it started and none of us have any living relatives who can remember it . 
  differently , my grandmother still talks about ww2 and her memories of it , so it somehow feels more direct and real . 
  deep down he does have emotions , but very german types of emptions , like angst and schadenfreude  also , he is a lawyer which is a good thing !, 
   both in the sense that it gives the possibility to monitor the situation better and also deter any aggression . 
  exactly . 
  the reason brits need to be there is to make war less likely . 
  it is rather simple . 
  the reason why estonia needs to spend 2 % of its gdp is so that the rest of nato does not think you are free-riding . 
  so we are all good , 
  username checks out , 
   a majority of experts . 
  in a discipline which is famous for different opinions , different schools of thought in which different cases can be argued depending on your values and aims . 
   someone who ignores the opinion of experts working in the field ( only 10-14 % tops agree that britain will be better off ) and only chooses those experts that adhere to their preconcieved notions , that 's friggin anti-intellectual . 
  i am not ignoring them , i am saying i do not agree with them . 
   heck even adam smith was in favour of fom of labour i am in favour of the uk having welcoming immigration policies . 
  but there is no real reason why the uk should favour immigration from france over immigration from the us . 
  article 7 is designed not to be used . 
  i ca n't see it being used . 
   majority opinion of experts . 
  writing the same thing again does not make it more convincing . 
  economists disagree over whether or not the uk should stay in the single market . 
  a majority opinion does not make that opinion correct . 
  therefore , before reaching an opinion , it makes sense to look at both arguments and decide which one is more convincing . 
  you seem to take the view that i should simply work out what opinion the majority have and agree with that opinion and ignore the fact that some people disagree . 
  that seems to be profoundly anti-intellectual . 
   can you please say why you feel you 're more competent in economic matters than a whole panel of economic experts hand picked by one of the best institutions in that area of study ? 
  personally i agree with those economic experts that think that the uk should leave the single market as i find their arguments more convincing . 
  saying that i should agree with a majority opinion just because it is a majority opinion is the ultimate in anti-intellectualism . 
  not having an expertise in a particular subject is not an excuse not to think independently , consider a range of views and then decide for yourself which you find more convincing . 
   it is only prudent to be careful , would you not say ? 
  yes . 
  this is why i am pleased that the uk is committing to estonia 's security and it is important ( more than ever ) that we demonstrate this in a clear way . 
  i am even more pleased that estonia is also committing to estonia 's security , by estonia paying 2 % of estonia 's gdp to defence . 
  i hope that other nato countries follow your example . 
  i was there exactly one year ago , but i hope to return soon !, 
  ( however , i do follow italian news and politics closely and have lots of italian friends who give me their opinions ! ), 
   you doubt that the single market has made britain more rich that without ? 
  free trade and a market economy makes countries rich . 
  as you know there are many examples of rich countries that are not in the eu . 
  the key to the uk 's prosperity is free trade and a market economy . 
   you should tell bank of england that they 're wrong . 
  you also disagree with quite a few economists that were polled . 
  i do disagree with that bank of england study . 
  i also think that that bank of england study was written extremely poorly ( for example , conflating the single market with eu membership ) and this made me query its bias . 
  however , economics is not a subject in which a majority opinion makes an opinion better than a minority opinion . 
   what other option do we ( as the euro zone ) have ? 
  just to be clear i am not really blaming current german politicians ( or other ez politicians ) at all . 
  they do n't really have any good options that i can see , which is why the current policy seems primarily to be `` amend , extend and pretend ' . 
  unfortunately that is probably the best that can be done at the moment and even more unfortunately the chances of improving the situation seem to be reducing . 
  the problem is really the same old unsolvable systemic problem that we have now been discussing for almost a decade ( and tory backbenchers started arguing about in the 1990s ) . 
  but , given that we both agree :  does the ez infringe with greek democracy at the moment ? 
  yes it does . 
  then if democracy is important to us we need to ensure that the chances of this problem repeating itself with other countries is reduced . 
  encouraging a serbia to join the euro would be a big mistake as there is a chance that it would end up losing out both economically and democratically in a similar way to other eurozone countries that can not keep up with the might of industrial germany . 
  the fact that there is no easy exit door ( as we can see for greece , the exit door is a drastic step ) means we should be even more cautious about encouraging anyone towards the entrance door . 
   was not aware of the differences . 
  can i have more details ? 
  there are many differences , but probably the key one is that westminster has oppositional politics whereas most of continental europe has consensus politics . 
  look at the hemispherical debating chamber in germany and the fact that their tradition for coalitions . 
  then look at the rectangular debating chamber in the uk and the fact that we have governments and shadow governments . 
  these differences have consequences for the way politicians speak to each other . 
  referendum . 
  eu flags are not popular with voters in italy . 
  edit - downvoters , if you disagree with my opinion and have a different opinion about renzi 's recent eusceptic rhetoric and actions , debate me !, 
  i would be delighted to read different opinions about this !, 
   i 'd have quite liked to leave ireland for britain , it 's a far more confident and successful country than ireland is . 
  irish people are still going to be able to work in the uk . 
  i want to leave the single market because it is harmful in and of itself . 
  uk government was doing stuff like this in the dying days of our eu membership too . 
  the question is actually a really complex one . 
  we can all agree that it is in the uk 's interests for countries that have a corrupt and/or undemocratic past to become liberal democracies embracing free trade . 
  how to make this happen is a much harder question . 
  on balance , it has been in the interests of eastern europe to aspire to join the eu as it has helped them tackle corruption , become market economies , move away from the shadows of russia and so forth . 
  we can see evidence of this with the baltics . 
  but in the long run does the eu really promote liberal democracy to the fullest extent ? 
  we can also see examples of the eu harming national democracy , by limiting the range of democratic options available to a government , reducing the power of the electorate . 
  we have seen this with greece . 
  i agree with david cameron , who argued that '' [ it is national parliaments , which are , and will remain , the true source of real democratic legitimacy and accountability in the eu . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-speech-at-bloomberg ) '' and i also agree with boris johnson who argued [ `` i do n't understand why we continually urge the eurozone countries to go forward with this fiscal and political union , when we know in our hearts that it is anti-democratic and therefore intellectually and morally wrong . 
  '' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/blog/2012/dec/04/boris-johnson-europe-speech-live-blog ) we ca n't really win with this one . 
  we have to have a position , but it is difficult to have a coherent one when we know there are good things and bad things about the eu , but it seems impossible to have the good without the bad . 
   which makes these actions a bit dishonest in my opinion . 
  there was n't a brexit campaign as a whole , there were many different brexit campaigns representing different views . 
  the current uk government is not tied to any particular view coming from any particular brexit campaign . 
  instead , they should pursue the british interest . 
  a particular individual who previously argued that the eu is terrible in every way and that once we left no other country should join would now be dishonest to argue differently . 
  but that does n't stop others who have different views from arguing in a different way . 
  my argument has always been that the eu is not a good fit for the uk in particular , based on uk 's particular history , oppositional and precedent based legal system , geographic position , constitution based on parliamentary sovereignty , global network of alliances , non-consensus based parliamentary system , democracy and so forth . 
  the eu does suffer from some corruption and does waste some money and it really needs reform here . 
  these are reasons for the uk to leave , but that does not mean that a country like serbia would not benefit from trying to join the eu as serbia 's own standards are even lower . 
  also , the more countries in the eu the better , as it stops the eu federalising , which has been uk foreign policy 101 for the last several hundred years . 
  brexit did not change this long-term view of history . 
  and , there is huge banter value , 
  it is a good thing for other countries to be part of , 
  the government was not able to do this before the referendum because it would have made the government more likely to lose the referendum .
