  i guess there they have misappropriated someone else 's property , so as to be theft . 
  the bulgarian man has n't , in my view , done that . 
  he has just damaged it . 
  but perhaps we 're getting too involved . 
  apology accepted . 
  i agree , a default is rather unlikely . 
  it seems like the portuguese are resigned to a generation of their brightest graduates emigrating , huge levels of unemployment and drastic austerity . 
  if it can get this bad it can certainly get worse and they will still accept it . 
  this does though leave us in the rather unfortunate position of there being no solution to portugal 's crisis . 
   this statement show that you feel that portuguese people can only be canteen staff in the uk ... 
  it does n't show that . 
  it shows a for instance of portuguese people employed in the uk , the one i have daily experience of . 
  of course i know that there are portuguese people employed in all kinds of sectors in the uk . 
  to interpret a xenophobic slant on that comment is ridiculous . 
   then portugal can suffer the consequences , and will get no sympathy from creditors or the governments that will help them act . 
  investors are weird people ( particularly if those investors are banks who will be bailed out by their goverments ) . 
  they forgive and forget surprisingly quickly . 
  i know it is odd , but iceland and ireland are now suddenly good prospects for investors and banks in both these jurisdictions are increasingly able to get investors on board . 
  portugal would have to go through a period in which it could n't borrow from the markets , but there is no way that the imf would n't lend to them . 
  they 'd be subject to the whims of the imf rather than the rest of the troika . 
  who knows which is best !, 
   i have to disagree on the three ds option . 
  i 'm not saying it is a great option for them . 
  i guess , as the irish saying goes , i would n't have recommended them starting in this position . 
  i wonder if the three ds is the best in the long term though . 
  of course , there would be a drastic short term . 
   it would only prolong portugals misery , unless you 're going to advocate they default on all private debt as well ( as the debt held by private portugese citizens will be denominated in euros ) , no , i would not advocate that . 
  most of portuguese private debt is owed to other portuguese entities . 
  portuguese legislation could redenominate that debt and still require it to be paid , but in the new currency . 
   following the default , crediters will have assets siezed , loans will be impossible to come by , and thanks to violating eu treaties it would have to be kicked out of the eu . 
  the political ramifications would of course be huge , but therefore difficult to predict . 
  it is n't clear to me that they would be kicked out of the eu at all . 
  they would be in breach of their treaty obligations , but the sanctions for this are not clear . 
   a stream of portugese expats will be forced to return from eu countries . 
  the ones in london could stay . 
  frankly , if we had to lose our portugese staff in our canteen it would be a massive inconvenience . 
   and the country will become another african failed state . 
  this has not tended to happen historically with sovereign defaults . 
   they 'll have no sympathy from the eu countries , who will now be facing new problems as a result of the renewed perception of instability in the eurozone , let alone politically within the eu , and that 's no even mentioning the money lost on defaults . 
  the eu would look radically different immediately . 
  the political situation in the eu would change overnight . 
   money lost on defaults . 
  in sum , the three d 's is a terrible option . 
  the threat of default , however , may be an interesting option for them to pursue in gaining some traction to pursue a quantitative easing program . 
  they also need to threaten their creditors with default to try and renegotiate the debt , like greece did . 
  ( if they do that i will be on the phone immediately to my investor clients that have portuguese debt with english law jurisdiction clauses and tell them not to agree to any changes . 
  got ta love some holdout bondholders ! ), 
   default is something that should only be done when it is clear there are no other options . 
  history is littered with sovereign debts that have been partly motivated by political considerations . 
  nothing has changed . 
   but that risk is based on the aforementioned scenario ( no other options ) , investors should know that there is a risk of default from sovereigns even in scenarios where there are other options . 
  if they do n't know this , they are ignoring history . 
  nobody forced them to invest in portugal . 
  they made an investment and took a risk of non-payment . 
   and to advocate a default before reaching that tipping point ( which is done wholly at the expense of the creditors ) is tantamount to theft it really is very different . 
  theft is a criminal offence where as non-payment of a debt is a civil offence . 
  punishments and sanctions are totally different for these cases . 
  edit : full disclosure - i am a lawyer who has advised on sovereign debt transactions . 
  i always insist on soverigns putting in their disclosure documents a full set of `` risk factors '' to warn investors of the risks . 
  i 'm pretty sure most investors do n't read them . 
  i guess lots of investors just see the interest rates . 
   if he made a deal with a third party to sell the house and did n't cut the bank in on the deal it would be considered fraud or theft , because the bank has an interest in the house , it 's not his to sell unless the bank gets its cut . 
  i agree that this case might be fraudulent as the man would have gained from the sale . 
   same thing here , he took something that was someone else 's property ( even if only a percentage ) and destroyed it . 
  this case is a bit different as the man does n't seem to have gained , so there is no theft or fraud , just property damage . 
  it might be that this is a criminal offence in bulgaria , but it would surprise me somewhat . 
   it 's essentially stealing other peoples money . 
  you 're going to hate me for being boring and legal again , but i do n't think that characterising the relationship between a borrower who does n't pay back a lender as one akin to theft works that well . 
  if you choose to lend someone some money ( particularly for a high interest rate , like that of portuguese debt ) you are taking a risk of non-payment . 
  in particular , you are taking a risk if you invest in sovereign debt , because you can almost never claim against the assets of a sovereign . 
  if you do n't want to take the risks of lending money to risky sovereigns , your pension funds should n't be in them . 
  it would surprise me if this were the case . 
   letta has warned of the risk of a surge of support for parties opposed to the euro in elections for the european parliament in may 2014 . 
  europhiles : how is that currency union working out for you ? 
   this can not end well for him . 
  i 'm not sure what bulgarian insolvency law says , but from reading the article he is likely insolvent . 
  he may as well declare himself insolvent officially in which case the bank ca n't do much . 
  he can then probably start again ( although with a record for insolvency ) . 
  unfortunately , portugal 's future looks incredibly bleak . 
  i meet portuguese people in london all the time who have moved here because things are so bad back in portugal . 
  i think they should do the three ds : default on their debt , decouple their currency from the euro and then devalue their currency . 
  this would allow portugal to start exporting again . 
  as an alternative , they could try and organise a latin coalition with italy , spain and france and try and force the ecb to begin a massive quantitive easing programme . 
  this probably wo n't work though , as the germans , dutch , austrians etc would never agree to it . 
  great britain is watching you !, 
  no more world wars please !, 
  it is hard to advise without knowing anything about your experience or preferred sector to work in . 
  a lot of jobs hire using recruitment consultants and if you have not already done so , i would call up some recruitment consultants who specialise in your field , or the field that you want to go into . 
  i would also consider taking a job that does not pay well , or retraining in a different area rather than being unemployed . 
  it is easier to move to a job that you want to do , when you already have one . 
  alternatively consider voluntary work , so that your cv does not have too long a gap . 
  i also recommend applying for a lot of stuff and going to job interviews even if you do n't think the job is quite right . 
  interview practice is almost always helpful and also sometimes when you are within a job you are able to scope it towards the direction you want ( even if it was advertised differently ) . 
  or sometimes , and particularly during a football match , we call it `` ing-ger-land ! '', 
  or , [ in greater detail ] ( http://alphadesigner.com/art-store/europe-according-to-britain-print/ ) ... 
   we need to invest seriously in long-term employment in impoverished areas we also need to consider whether it makes sense to consider encouraging the long-term unemployed out of impoverished areas and into more wealthy areas . 
  sometimes it is easier to move people towards jobs than jobs towards people . 
  if we accept the idea that people can move from greece , spain and romania to the south east of england because that is where the jobs are located , we need to think about why british people might remain in impoverished parts of britain rather than moving to where jobs are . 
  i 'm kind of disappointed that we do n't have it for english yet . 
  in london in particular we are starting to get to a situation where it is hard to fill vacancies .
