  this has happened before ... 
  i have not implied it is better than other countries . 
  we leave on 30 march 2019 . 
  no new info until this election finishes . 
  three hours to wait !, 
  i am still predicting a tory landslide , but it is hard to call . 
  there will be many surprising results and different swings in different parts of the uk . 
  for political geeks it is going to be very exciting . 
  most important to me is the snp losing seats and votes , effectively taking a referendum off the table for a while . 
  i do n't think sturgeon has had a good campaign , whereas davidson and surprisingly dugdale have had good campaigns . 
  we will see huge amounts of tactical voting in scotland . 
  the lib dems have had a terrible campaign . 
  i think they could end up with fewer seats potentially . 
  their second referendum on brexit campaign has gone badly for them . 
  the tories will lose some votes in london and the south , but i think they will more than compensate for that in the midlands , north and scotland . 
  the tories have made some campaign mistakes in the media . 
  but their data gathering and micro targeting of voters and focus on the marginals has been excellent and that is more important than anything . 
  for labour it depends on whether there really is a youth surge . 
  i do n't buy it . 
  the same youth that did not care about the eu referendum will not suddenly care about corbyn . 
  but , he has held the campaign together a lot better than most tories ( including me ) thought . 
  ukip are basically finished , will have no seats and perhaps 3 percent of the vote . 
  greens could lose their only seat . 
  this was basically their only policy . 
  they got the policy they wanted . 
  to me that is a measure of political success . 
  england is not a nationalistic country . 
  it is just hated on this sub . 
  my prediction is still that there will be a landslide tory majority ( 100 seats plus ) . 
  uk 's system already helps prevent hung parliaments . 
  we have few hung parliaments . 
  as for ukip 's voice being heard - they managed to force an eu referendum and win it . 
  the snp will not get similar results . 
  they will lose seats . 
  but more to the point , the tories will gain many seats . 
  no hung parliament . 
  thanks very much . 
  sorry everyone - i ended up deleting my comment by mistake !, 
  my nerves are a wreck i guess . 
  atmosphere a lot calmer now . 
  if anyone needs a place to stay i am on corner of southwark st and southwark bridge road . 
  i did not hear it , but my neighbour did hear it . 
  i agree we must do more . 
  i just do n't know what . 
  france has also had a tough few years . 
  really , thanks a lot . 
  this means something . 
  i do n't think it is appropriate at the moment to speculate that our government deliberately caused a terrorist attack . 
  it honestly makes me sad to think that our bridges are not safe and need fences . 
  i walk over southwark bridge every day to get to work in the city . 
  it feels like we are being deliberately targeted to interfere with the democratic process . 
  our enlightenment values , key parts of liberal democracy are being attacked . 
  i did not see the incident so i can not comment on that . 
  however , the number of police makes me think they are treating it as terrorism . 
  and the number of ambulances makes me think it could be serious . 
  yes - this is tough . 
  especially with our election :(, 
  my neighbour told me she heard gun shots . 
  i personally did not hear them though . 
  london bridge can not realistically have fences on it i do n't think . 
  i am safe , but unfortunately it seems like others wo n't be :-(, 
  yes - phone issues . 
  i am not accusing you of downvoting , you seem to be a reasonable person who wants to debate with others . 
  this is exactly why i would assume that you would think it was a bit of a shame that my opinions all get downvoted . 
  thanks - i am safe in my house . 
  my block is now sealed off and we ca n't leave . 
  police screaming at us . 
  must be so stressful for them . 
  i am completely fine and safe . 
  my thoughts are with any victims and their families . 
  i agree he is a good campaigner . 
  however , in terms of being a good politician , i think he will lose heavily in a week 's time . 
  also , a terrorist attack is happening outside my house right now it seems , so i have to end this conversation . 
  i ca n't reply right now because there is a terrorist attack happening next to my house . 
  the total amount of revenue that the uk gets from corporations has not fallen , despite tax cuts . 
  may is n't abusing nurses . 
  i 'm not sure where you get the greed or corruption points from . 
  may is n't corrupt . 
  i get downvoted in every thread whatever i post , because of my views . 
  normally i do n't complain , but essentially i am starting to realise that i am not welcome here . 
  i get downvoted in every thread whatever i post , because of my views . 
  normally i do n't complain , but essentially i am starting to realise that i am not welcome here . 
  i get downvoted in every thread whatever i post , because of my views . 
  normally i do n't complain , but essentially i am starting to realise that i am not welcome here . 
  the labour party 's party 's policy was remain . 
  corbyn compromised his principles here for political advantage . 
  i agree that pooled debt is necessary for the eurozone and i agree that the eurozone made terrible mistakes during the financial crisis . 
  i disagree that the uk should have bailed out its banks though . 
  he is n't at all principled . 
  for example , all through his political career he has been eusceptic , yet he campaigned for remain - for political advantage . 
  why do you write things like `` she should die on tv '' ? 
  this strikes me as completely unacceptable . 
  do you want r/europe to be a place where there are a plurality of opinions ? 
  there were bail outs of banks in eu - eg ireland . 
  the differences were that the uk devalued its currency and embarked on quantitative easing . 
  magic money tree has been rhetoric in the english language for decades . 
  it is nothing to do with trump . 
  just a warning - you will get downvotes for predicting a tory majority . 
  no , it is simply a rhetorical device . 
  as a free market capitalist , i do not think it made sense to bail out the banks .
