  are n't we agreed ?!, 
  i agree that the british justice system should be looking after british justice . 
   and to avoid more trucks of dead people most days there are boatloads of dead people in the med . 
  nothing has been avoided . 
  these british activists are breaking french law in france and the french justice system should obviously be the first to come down heavily upon them . 
  i 'm not sure what punishments are given for this kind of criminal activity is in france , but hopefully a custodial sentence for repeat offenders . 
  which is exactly why it would be good for you to be able to devalue against other countries in the eurozone and why devaluing against the dollar does not really help your economy . 
   yeah but then the south can not devalue compared to the north . 
  the south of italy really needs help man . 
  see how this perpetuates ? 
  the north of italy transfers money to the south of italy . 
  good luck with getting the voters in north of the eurozone to agree to do the same with the south of the eurozone . 
  that is what is needed . 
  how much longer are you going to wait before putting it in place ? 
   enough with the patchwork , which devaluing is . 
  it works for the uk . 
   the euro lost a lot against the dollar almost achieving parity . 
  did the italian economy improve ? 
  in the euro italy can not devalue against germany and france . 
  out of the euro it can . 
   you imply that such a situation can be expected to continue into the future . 
  no , i have not implied that . 
  i do n't think the uk will continually expand in the future . 
  i have no idea how you think that . 
  i do think that food security will be increasingly less of a problem in the future as technology improves even further . 
  history has shown that agricultural techniques developing mean that the supply of food far outstrips the demand . 
  the relative amounts that a household spends on food now almost everywhere in the whole world is at an all time low . 
   you 're moving the goalposts . 
  i say that that period is exceptionally favourable , so even the worst moment still is pretty good . 
  you made a specific point about me having a funny definition of when the uk was at its most vulnerable and i was responding to that specific point . 
  however , it seems that we are in agreement that it was 1940 . 
  obviously , we can not predict the future , but i do n't think it is likely that a continental ( or other ) power will try and blocade the uk and starve its people again . 
  france farmers are desperate to sell us food . 
  they blocade their streets to keep this trade happening rather than stop it . 
   it would benefit you to nuance that bias with other views rather than cultivate it . 
  i am agreeing with you that different countries have different histories . 
  it is n't bias when say it any more than it is bias when you say it . 
  we are in agreement . 
   none of these concerns are unique to the uk . 
  i 'm not arguing that these concerns are unique to the uk . 
  if other countries want to limit immigration , i am more than happy for their democracies to do that . 
  if your country wants to have a liberal open immigration policy that considers the skills of immigrants rather than nationality i could n't be more delighted . 
  basically the day before every single election the labour party say `` 24 hours to save the nhs ! '', 
   it 's really telling that you consider a period of continuous expansion for centuries normal and the emergence of an opponent of similar stature exceptional ... 
  i 've not said that i consider a period of continuous expansion normal . 
  it is odd that you think i said that . 
  history is n't normal or abnormal , it is simply what happened . 
  i 've said that 1940 was the most vulnerable period in britain 's history ( since 1760 , when the uk stopped being self-sufficient with food ) . 
  i ca n't tell whether or not you are agreeing with me . 
  it is an interesting question and if you think that another time the uk was more vulnerable then by all means let me know . 
   for some countries `` we 're not certain we 're going to win this war '' is par for the course rather than a traumatic exception . 
  yes , many countries do have very different histories from the uk and this of course colours how we are today . 
   that makes no sense . 
  then there is no need to limit eu workers at all , on the contrary . 
  the question over whether the uk should limit immigration depends on your views as to whether you think infrastructure and housing can cope with unlimited immigration , whether you think social cohesion can cope and so forth . 
  i personally do n't see why the uk should favour eu immigrants over non-eu immigrants . 
  from an economic perspective , the uk should select immigrants based on their skills rather than their nationality . 
   today they do n't want , but in case of brexit their minds could change . 
  and do n't tell me cutting the train and boat connexion would be a viable solution for the uk it would n't be ideal for either uk or france . 
  however , given the choice between the uk not being able to control its borders or having good transport links with france , the uk would go for the former . 
  the uk has train links and ferry links with belgium and the netherlands which will be used instead . 
   see : all the reasons you mentioned are still under uk control , not the eu one ( i admit changing the language would be a though one ) these are reasons why the uk is a place where migrants want to go . 
  i am not arguing that the uk is not a desirable location , i know that lots of people from all over the world want to come here . 
  the immigration figures tell a story on that . 
  but the crisis in calais is not caused just by the uk being a desirable location . 
  it it mainly caused by ( i ) france not controlling its own borders and ( ii ) france just letting migrants stay in its country without processing requests for asylum or deporting illegal immigrants . 
  these are things that need to be done by france . 
  or the rest of the eu if france is not capable of dealing with these things . 
  i do n't care which . 
   you have a curious definition of `` most vulnerable '' : when i wrote most vulnerable i was not referring to 1922 . 
  i was referring to 1940 , the battle of britain and the period of ww2 when france was defeated and the usa had n't entered . 
  there was no foregone concusion that the allies would win . 
  if you can think of a time in british history when britain was more vulnerable , i would be interested . 
   you 're quite inconsistent , anyway : you 're taking an extremely protectionist position when it comes to competition with eu workers . 
  not really . 
  i 'm not proposing to reduce immigration . 
  i want there to be more competition with immigrants from the rest of the world . 
   that 's quite a common political disagreement in any polity you care to name , right down to village councils . 
  i do n't see why that alone would dictate where to draw the borders . 
  at the demos . 
   agree but if the uk can leave the eu , it should be `` easy '' for france to retract from such treaties . 
  it is already easy for france to retract from the treaties . 
  the treaties have a six month notice period and either the uk or france can activate this . 
  france could do this today if france wanted . 
   if all those migrants want to go to the uk , there must be a reason . 
  mainly because they have already family there and because the social system is too generous . 
  benefits are not the main reason . 
  the main reasons are ( i ) english language , ( ii ) good job market , ( iii ) anglo-saxon culture and tolerance having been well-marketed , ( iv ) presence of relatives , ( v ) low uk bureaucracy and absence of id requirements . 
  these are things that the uk should n't change . 
  we should n't try to make our country more shitty just so that people wo n't want to come here . 
  the point is that the uk/france border is not related to the uk 's membership of the eu , there is an entirely different set of treaties between the uk and france . 
  it is in french interests to have a secure border and secure travel arrangements with the uk . 
  of course , it is a shame for france that it does not have control of its border generally and that there is a massive migrant camp in calais , but this is not the uk 's fault and the uk can not solve this problem . 
  france needs to solve this problem . 
  there is no such thing as schengen light . 
   you know the british empire is long gone and will never come back , right ? 
  why on earth to continentals keep going on about this ? 
  brits are n't wanting their empire back any more than the congolese are wanting the belgian empire back . 
  the fact that you are not able to address the technical arguments about the uk/french border , but start making unrelated bizarre references to the british empire , shows the paucity in your argument . 
  i agree , it would be a shame for the french to isolate themselves , but i do n't think they will do that .
