  but you did agree to it again in 2011 , just a few years ago . 
  and your government has not said that it should be renegotiated . 
  i kind of wish your government had more balls !, 
  however , can the eurozone really be fixed at this stage ? 
  i am not sure that it can . 
  i think the situation is now permanent ... 
  the difference between the uk and france is that the uk negotiates exceptions , then complies with the rules that apply to it . 
  france here accepted the rule , then did not comply with it . 
  the two ways of doing things are not the same . 
  yeah , this is why the uk refused to accept it and the deficit rules do n't apply to the uk . 
  the uk currently has a five percent deficit and nobody can complain ... 
   i did n't know they had heads . 
  if you do n't have access to all information , then you do n't have a way of making clear assessments . 
  not really . 
  the whole academic discipline of history accepts that you can consider social , political and cultural phenomenon even if you are ' t directly part of that phenomenon yourself . 
  if we were only to consider the franco/german axis , through the eyes and words of the french and german governments , that would be aburd , partly because those governments have an inevitable bias . 
  it is fundamental to consider different perspective too . 
   what if i do n't trust polls in general ? 
  they do have their problems . 
  i 'd prefer the french insee , the german destatis or the danish danmarks statistik over these polls any time . 
  i see them be too useless in newspapers in my own country to believe they 're any better anywheree lse . 
  problem ? 
  if your position is that you do n't trust polls generally , it would have been better to say that at the start rather than going on about le figaro . 
  however , quite why you do n't trust polls seems very odd : they remain the best guide to predicting election outcomes and while they are not perfect , they give us very interesting data that it is odd to ignore . 
  we will get a good indication of how good the figaro/ifop poll is shortly , when we get the results of the first round of the french local elections . 
  does the danish national statistics agency do opinion polls in relation to elections ? 
  i do n't think the french one does , so it is not helpful in this regard . 
   and so they do here , and that 's not really relevant to my point . 
  people cared left and right and whatever they felt like here , most of it had no weight whatsoever and we still managed . 
  too much fuss around politics , always and ever . 
  that 's fine if you are not interested in politics or do n't like discussing it . 
  personally i think it is very interesting and the french situation is particularly interesting . 
  the uk needs to sort its shit out on this . 
  thanks / any info on the most recent data , i.e the period from 2012 to now ? 
  no , france 's net contributions over the last ten years have been greater than the uk 's , but not by much more . 
   i 'm a fan of canada , the uk and germany , not scandinavia . 
  you sound very sensible ;-), 
  france is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  if france wanted to renegotiate this budget , so that it was n't a net contributor , i am sure the uk would support this , provided that the uk also was not a net contributor . 
  your move . 
  this documentary was in my mind a bit disappointing . 
  it implied that the main obstacle to deregulation in france was le pen . 
  i think it is much more complex than that ... 
   there 's a difference between giving an opinion as someone random standing outside the white house and being someone who works there . 
  he is not in the head of either hollande or merkel . 
  he does not have access to the information they have . 
  you do n't need to be the head of hollande or merkel to comment on the franco-german axis . 
  you just need to have insight and look at evidence , which monti has and does . 
   note that this 30pc figure is the exact same as on the chart . 
  the article does not seem to support you on this , so no , i do n't trust . 
  le figaro are a newspaper , not a polling company . 
  whenever newspapers publish polls , they hire a polling company to do the research . 
  [ this happens everywhere in the world . 
  it is clear from le figaro that ifop carried out the poll . 
  ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/2015/02/22/01002-20150222artfig00203-departementales-le-fn-en-pole-position.php ) it makes no sense to ignore this poll just because le figaro published it . 
  you are basically saying you do not trust the polling company . 
   denmark , where i 'm from , remains a stable society that has managed to get through the crisis ... but at an alarmingly low rate of growth . 
  nobody 's died here , no big problems . 
  i do n't see a reason to use this as an argument for getting someone 's nerve system going . 
  who cares . 
  i 'm not sure what the unemployment rate is in denmark , but in france it is a massive political issue and people do care . 
  france 's economic performance is having a major impact on french politics . 
  if you 're not interested in french politics , then maybe you do n't care , but otherwise you do . 
  yeah , i do kinda agree with you . 
  we 're definitely in a new era in terms of european politics , but i do n't think this is a return . 
  i think it is a whole new thing ... 
  yeah , i was n't talking about the advising gs thing . 
  i was more meaning having a job to create confidence in the euro :-), 
   would n't it be more credible to receive this kind of assessment from someone who is actually part of this `` franco-german axis '' than this man ? 
  being part of a thing does not make you better at assessing a thing . 
   also , no source on the first chart . 
  they should have sourced it , but nobody serious disputes these figures which you can get from eurostat . 
   second chart is le figaro , for crying out loud . 
  le figaro are just the newspaper publishing the poll results . 
  they did n't conduct the poll , that was by ifop . 
  are you saying that you do n't trust their integrity ? 
  that 's a bit weird . 
   only the third chart is from the oecd , and that is n't showing something particularly crazy compared to other countries in the same period . 
  france 's recent growth has been good compared to italy , portugal or greece , but bad compared to germany , uk , usa etc. 
  it is very noteworthy and has a massive impact on french and european politics , especially given the high unemployment figures . 
  they are both technocratic italian economists called mario ... 
  the thing about the french budget deficit is not so much the deficit per se , but the flagrant breach of the rules by france when other countries have had to make a lot of cuts , respecting the rules . 
  if france did not want to have to make cuts , they should not have agreed to the fiscal compact . 
  i think you 're mixing up mario draghi and mario monti ... 
  there are n't really a big two in the six nations . 
  england and france are not really a great deal better than ireland or wales ... scotland and italy are pretty bad right now though . 
  the date of the data is prior to the latest greek crisis ... 
   and that is relevant to the id system exactly how ? 
  people come in droves to any european country . 
  austria included . 
  i guess you were saying that not having id cards was annoying in the uk for foreigners . 
  i was showing that it does n't seem to stop them coming . 
  if it is not annoying for brits and it does n't stop foreigners coming , there is no reason for them . 
   i think you might have missed the point of this thread ? 
  it had nothing to do with calais or immigrants . 
  it was about my statement about how i can not understand how the uk does not have id cards or registration . 
  the reason is that we do n't want or need them . 
  the only person that seems to want brits to have them , is you , an austrian , because you think it would have made your stay in london easier and a french dude on this thread who implied it would help the calais problem . 
  neither of these are good reasons . 
   are free to keep your crappy system , but do n't force people to accept it as good when it 's mediocre to terrible .
