  i am quoting from the film the third man . 
  do you think that italians do n't cheat at tests ? 
  while people that are morally good can be interesting , that still does n't mean that the definition of interesting is ( or can be ) being morally good . 
  no , i 'm british , but lived in italy . 
  i agree that the causes for things like cheating in italy are complicated and it as much about `` systems '' as it is about `` culture '' . 
  in the uk you could n't even cheat in most exams if you wanted to . 
  however , i think there are also some cultural factors too . 
  in italy `` fare il furbetto '' is seen as kind of a good thing ... 
  to me that would be stretching the definition of interesting well beyond its natural meaning !, 
  yeah , i agree that the words `` boring '' and `` interesting '' can be defined in different ways . 
  / u/ho-tdog did n't seem to be trying to argue that switzerland was interesting , he was saying that it was good that they had not been at war and good that they had a great cheese industry . 
  i know that cuckoo clocks are german . 
  i was just referring to the film , the third man . 
  i was making the point that culture and creation thrive during conflict . 
  of course switzerland is a wonderful country to live in with a great democratic and peaceful tradition . 
  but that 's not what the thread is about , is it ? 
  i 'm sure that they happen in other places too , i have just had less direct encounters with them . 
  yeah , the whole way of thinking about education is quite different in the uk . 
  my experience of tests in italy is just from having worked there as a lawyer . 
  all my italian colleagues said that there is a lot of corruption with the `` esamen dello stato '' and effectively there would always be people who would know the questions in advance or would get a recommendation . 
  this does not happen in the uk for law exams . 
  my experience is that compared to the uk italians do cheat a lot more in tests . 
  i am totally confused and i have been trying to follow it very closely . 
  half of me thinks i should have just ignored the last few months and just picked up the story now . 
  i would be less confused in fact . 
  most boring : switzerland . 
  ( that quotation about 200 years of peace and brotherly love and what have they ever produced ? 
  the fucking cuckoo clock ... ) most interesting : this is really tricky , but i am going to go with france . 
  their history has everything . 
  they also are extremely politically interesting at the moment : what is france 's position in the world ? 
  where are they going as a country ? 
  it is incredibly easy to do trade between utc and utc +1 . 
  i work in utc and do a lot of business with utc +1 . 
  there are many hours of the day for calls etc. 
  not really . 
  there are a lot of people studying in the uk , as the data shows . 
  it is just that they might now be studying law as much as should be . 
  every eu country other than the uk committed to budget deficits of not more than three per cent in the fiscal compact . 
  this meant that a lot of them had to do austerity . 
  what do you mean by excess ? 
  lawyers in the uk have work . 
  there is work in my firm that we have to turn down because we do n't have enough lawyers . 
  there are many many legal jobs going right now in a wide range of fields . 
  we do n't have an excess of lawyers . 
  we 're having to go around the world to hire them ... why do people downvote this kind of stuff ? 
  i really do n't get it ... 
  now is the time that it is required though . 
  also , the eurozone has had time to organise ever closer debts . 
  the sovereign debt crisis is five years old . 
  they could have organized it by now if they believed in it . 
  i guess people just do n't really believe in the difficult side of ever closer union . 
  the project is going to fail . 
  time for brits to get out . 
  denmark can break the peg relatively painlessly . 
  switzerland broke their peg recently and are doing fine . 
  unfortunately for greece the options are much harder . 
  i agree , sanity does not appear to be getting closer . 
  worryingly , this has become a morality tale . 
  monetary union has become a moral imperative in and of itself , whatever the outcome : to point out the flaws is to be a bad european . 
  and austerity has also become a moral imperative : the people that overspent were profligate and those lazy mediterraneans must be punished . 
  when decisions are being made for some kind of weird moral reasons , without regard to outcomes , then it seems that we have scope for a lot more insanity . 
  it depends if you agree with the whole premise of the eu which is ever closer union among the peoples of europe . 
  this also means ever closer union among the debts of europe . 
  you really ca n't have one without another and it is time to chose . 
  differently in the uk it is now politically impossible to say anything favorable about eurozone membership . 
  the battle on the uk 's membership of the euro has been won and won convincingly . 
  we 're now fighting the war : pulling out of the eu altogether . 
  i think if we won the battle , we can win the war . 
  if the eurozone starts to peel off members , that war just got more winnable . 
  these are good times for eusceptics , as much as it pains me that the greeks are suffering . 
  however , we must remember that it was us eusceptics that pointed out that the weaker members would suffer . 
  yes , the treaties do say that . 
  but do you know what ? 
  the treaties are shitty . 
  if you want the eurozone to be a success , the treaties have to be altered , to expand the role of the ecb and allow fiscal transfers . 
  the inconvenient truth we 're now bringing is likely to be ignored just like last time which means we are likely to leave . 
  eventually economics trumps politics . 
  this is what we 're seeing now in the eurozone . 
  the economic reality that you can not put different economies in the same currency without either transfer mechanisms or problems . 
  why is it indicative of a bias ? 
  thanks , i was just clarifying my opinion in case there was any doubt about it . 
   policies involving fertility based on ethnic purity are eugenicist . 
  i 'm not in favour of policies involving fertility based on ethnic purity . 
  i am in favour of policies which ensure that the uk 's current population is not disincentivised from replacing itself . 
  i think monetary incentives should be on the basis of nationality . 
  if he meant something along the lines of ethnicity then i disagree with him . 
   there 's no issue , any issue , that would stick the 89 % of europeans to it . 
  i have no idea what you are saying here . 
   in some latino countries when you find your wife/husband in bed with other and kill them both you 're be free of charges . 
  why that is so different from quoted ? 
  this sounds like a bad thing too . 
  the fact that other problems exist in other parts of the world is really not a reason to ignore problems here . 
   90 % of americans agreed that is appropriate to cut off from their family after being 18 years old . 
  citation needed ...  what about `` solving '' with not seeing it as a problem bigger then plenty of other similar or similar weighted problems ? 
  i agree that we should assign the correct weight to this problem . 
   i do not use a different word , i am blaming different people than you . 
  you 're pretending this is a muslim thing , whilst i am saying that it is muslim extremists . 
  i 'm not pretending it is a muslim thing . 
  i am looking at a survey which shows that there are significant numbers of muslims which are extremists . 
  i agree that it is a problem with muslim extremists .
