  employers only move jobs when it is cheaper for them to do that and savings can be made . 
  this saving frees up capital to invest elsewhere - which itself can create more jobs . 
  economics is not a zero-sum game . 
  there is not a finite number of jobs in the world or a finite amount of wealth . 
  the problems in other countries economies are not the fault of the uk 's economic policies . 
  if you hate recruiters , then you should probably become one or start your own business . 
   this is why people hate recruiters . 
  how do you know it builds character ? 
  what if the reason why they did menial work was because they were lazy when left without supervision , or have an unstable character , or they could n't keep a steady job which requires concentration ? 
  your statement is like saying you prefer people from pakistan since they have a hard life and that builds character , nevermind their shitty school system . 
  i know menial work builds character because i have done it . 
  as for stuff like unstable character , i find that out in the interview process . 
  as for people from pakistan , i would much rather hire someone from pakistan to work for me rather than some of the entitled brits on here , who do n't know how to work or just do n't want to . 
  well - hopefully you enjoy your time in south west - do n't drink too much of the local poison !, 
  if the jobs and the women in the south west are good enough for a german i dare say they are good enough for the south westers !, 
  which makes your recent choice to move to the south west of england from germany a bit odd . 
  there is something about voting with one 's feet that ca n't be argued against ... 
  mechanisation and automation are ultimately a good thing for humanity . 
  life before the combine harvester and modern machinery was more dangerous , dirty and poor . 
  try cleaning your home and your clothes with no modern appliances !, 
  try living without your phone , modern transport , computers and so forth . 
  the industrial revolution has been upon us for centuries now - it has not caused greater unemployment as jobs change . 
  the move to increased automation wo n't either . 
  and the guy that is partly responsible for french broken promises ? 
  he is now eu commissioner for finance and the economy ... 
  if france does not cut its deficit , the budgetary hawks in the commission , the ecb , germany are going to get annoyed . 
  if france does cut its deficit , the french left are going to go insane . 
  if france continues with low growth and high unemployment , things will get messy . 
  already the french are turning to marine le pen in droves ... 
   do what i say or starve in the streets '' is n't exactly what i would call a `` choice '' . 
  do you want to answer the question ? 
  which jobs should n't people do ? 
  also , there is nobody starving in the streets in the uk . 
   you might want to look up into work conditions of some jobs , one of those days feel free to enlighten me . 
  i 've done minimum wage jobs : factory work , cleaning , washing up ... 
  i know what those jobs are like . 
   yeah if you did n't did the slavery part we do n't trust you '' . 
  and that 's how employers forced employees to go by unpaid `` internship '' ( jobs ) for months before in france doing menial work is not slavery . 
  someone has to do it . 
   just because life is worse in erithrea or north korea does n't grant you a pass to make people to live in slums because you employers are too greedy to pay people a living actually , it is not just eritrea and n korea . 
  people come from all over europe to do minimum wage work in the uk . 
  think about that . 
  anyone in europe is entitled to work in the uk . 
  also , people in the uk are paid a living . 
   yes . 
  and rise the minimal wage to livable level . 
  you should n't be pocketing their lifespan of work without giving them enough to survive correctly in exchange . 
  and that include not being late on day to day bills like the rent , power or food . 
  what do you think benefits should be raised to ? 
  if benefits are raised too high then people are dis incentivised to come off benefits . 
  what do you think the minimum wage should be ? 
  if it is raised too high , employers are dis incentivised from employing . 
  what do you mean stuff people should n't do ? 
  people choose to work and there is no shame in honest work . 
  as someone who now hires others , i always prefer the cv of someone who has had menial work on their cv than someone who has n't as i know it is character building . 
  i also prefer a cv of someone who has menial work than someone who has been on benefits without good reason . 
  also , before dismissing menial work in the uk , we should remember that there are people willing to risk their lives to to come to the uk to do these jobs . 
  what would you rather the government did ? 
  give more benefits ? 
  terribly terribly sad for his family and other loved ones . 
  working and not working really are n't the same thing . 
  for one thing , staying in work helps your job prospects in the future . 
  for another thing , people generally prefer to work than not work . 
  as for extreme poverty - have you been to other countries in the world ? 
  poverty in the uk is really not extreme - i write this as someone that as a student lived on 30 pounds a week - this is one of the reasons why so many people want to move to the uk . 
  see in this same thread posts void of content except it is good because i think so getting upvoted . 
  its a double standard . 
  very shocked by the way r/europe has so downvoted you . 
  very shocked by the way r/europe has so downvoted you . 
  ok - given that i do n't know for certain and the nature of illegal immigrant makeshift camps is such that there are no records - maybe none is the wrong word . 
  however , i note that media reports of the camps all seem [ to report ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ethnic-riots-in-calais-as-albanian-gangs-charge-african-migrants-for-access-to-port-area-9650338.html ) that the immigrants are from east africa . 
  i 'm someone who ( for sporting reasons ) knows many east africans and i have spent a lot of time in kenya and ethiopia . 
  the men in this video footage all look unmistakeably of east african heritage . 
  now it maybe the case that some of these immigrants are from afghanistan or libia , but i 'm not aware of evidence for that . 
  interested in any such evidence though !, 
  none of these immigrants are from afghanistan or libia . 
  in terms of jobs we 're doing a lot better than france . 
  that 's what people want - jobs . 
  rather than blame the uk and the entry point countries ( neither of which the french government can do anything about anyway ) perhaps it would make sense to think about what your government can do about a problem that is taking place in france and has been taking place for many years . 
  this is n't tax evasion . 
  tax evasion is not paying taxes in breach of laws . 
  these people have n't done anything illegal . 
  reducing your tax burden within the law is called tax avoidance . 
  also , we do n't need a european tax . 
  france just needs to put in place a sensible tax regime . 
  when you have a president who campaigned on a `` je n'aime pas les riches '' ticket , what did you expect was going to happen ? 
  good for belgium , switzerland , uk ... 
  i agree - you do have a legal obligation to join . 
  but if the people do n't want to join , it is hard for the eu to force you . 
  ultimately this is a decision of your politicians who represent your people . 
  trust your democracy !, 
  scotland can of course keep the pound !, 
  however , they wo n't get a currency union with ruk . 
  stay strong poland !, 
  stay strong czech !, 
  nobody can make an unwilling population change their currency !, 
  the uk is n't asking france to deport them . 
  the uk is simply watching france do nothing . 
  what do you think france should do ? 
  real estate varies a lot inside a particular country .
