  the fact that you are taking time to post about this , illustrates that you care . 
   until your actually gone , no one is going to believe you . 
  i think the vast majority of eu politicians expect brexit to happen at some stage in the next few years and they are acting accordingly . 
   simply because it 's an eu program . 
  presumably , though , what the programme does can be done by other actors if those actors think it is worth while ? 
   empirically , it is rare and unusual in a representative democracy to have a 1st minister and deputy 1st minister whose positions are diametrically opposed on a major issue point taken . 
  i suppose northern ireland 's own unique kind of democracy and governmental system mean that opposing positions have to both be in government . 
   and i think it 's a mistake to be blas\u00e9 about the impact of brexit on ni . 
  i do n't want to be blas\u00e9 and i hope i have not come across as blas\u00e9 . 
  obviously , there are complex discussions and hard work ahead and these are things to be faced up to rather than ran away from . 
  what heartens me , though , is that the key actors in this drama , the british government and the irish government and the various people within the northern irish government , do n't appear to be shirking from their duties or avoiding the necessary work . 
  equally , they do n't appear to be rushing into decisions . 
  i therefore think we should be confident that peace and pragmatism ( which is what the vast majority of everyone in ireland and uk actually want ) will prevail . 
  i have seem some on this forum argue that brexit means that it is inevitable that the northern irish peace process ends . 
  i think this reading of the situation is completely wrong . 
   article 50 was supposed to be invoked imeditly after the referendum vote leave consistently argued that it would not be invoked immediately after the referendum . 
  it was the lying remain side that said it would be invoked immediately after the referendum . 
   parliament to override it . 
  the remoaners will not have their day . 
  parliament are going to accept the will of the people . 
  they can keep on moaning , but they lost . 
   \u2022 the cessation or curtailment of the eu-funded ni peace program to the extent that the programme is useful , the uk and ireland will continue to fund it . 
  not sure why the eu needs to be involved in the funding . 
   \u2022 the opposing positions on brexit held by the first and deputy first ministers in the assembly ( and , by extension , by their parties ) politics , as an activity , by necessity involves people taking opposing positions . 
  opposing positions in a democracy are not to be feared , they are the normal necessary conditions for a democracy . 
   the rejection of brexit by a majority of those who voted in ni ( 56 % ) i am not sure why this of itself undermines the peace process . 
  again , democracy involves people in different places voting in different ways and accepting that you are sometimes outvoted . 
   \u2022 the general impact on the post gfa environment ( borders , legal basis , echr , ni constitution , cross-border cooperation , etc. ), 
  see here and here for an overview . 
  i do n't accept that any of these things are beyond the wit of man . 
  remember , the vast majority of brits , irish , their governments are committed to the peace process . 
   they were arguing for leave which entails a border with northern ireland . 
  no , it does n't . 
   do n't you dare misattribute the blame onto others if your make the `` wrong '' choice . 
  the eu can decide not to impose tariffs on the uk too . 
  that is choice by the eu . 
   so still free movement of people ? 
  switzerland is in efta , not eea , and they still have full free movement of people , plus they 're part of schengen ( which the uk is not ) . 
  switzerland has free movement with the eu by virtue of its arrangements with the eu , not by virtue of its efta membership . 
  joining efta does not obligate the uk to put in place the same arrangements with the eu that switzerland has . 
   are people happy to wreck the financial industry in the uk , bringing so much of the uk 's gdp , just so that they get a couple of poles and romanians fewer in the country ? 
  if any ... ? 
  i work in financial services in the uk . 
  i am very confident about the future of the financial services industry in the uk outside of the single market . 
   plenty of irish people would be okay with britain separating itself if it left the six counties behind :-) as someone who has a grandmother from cork , i get that sentiment and perhaps i share it . 
  perhaps one day , but we none of us our ready for it ...  no that 's wrong . 
  the aftermath of the brexit referendum , which did not pass in ni iirc , can fundamentally change the framework on which the good friday agreement was based . 
  the connection is there ; pretending that it does n't exist wo n't do anyone any favours . 
  the political motivation that brought about the good friday agreement is still there . 
  there is no dispute on this between the irish government or the british government , the irish people or the british people . 
  even the overwhelming majority of the people of northern ireland are committed to the peace process . 
  there is no reason why we should see brexit as something that undermines the peace process . 
  grown up politicians and peaceful people from across britain and ireland are the vast majority of everyone . 
  there is no excuse for terrorism and we should have confidence in our elected leaders to put in place a new agreement ( if necessary ) that reflects the spirit and thrust of the good friday agreement . 
  this is not beyond the wit of man , brexit or no brexit . 
   a tariff free policy on all goods coming from ireland anywhere in the eu . 
  yes , that makes sense . 
  ( i personally think that the uk should do this for every country in the world , obviously including the entire eu , but unfortunately a lot of people do n't believe in free trade . ), 
   neither you nor i live in a border region ; many of those who do are seriously worried about the impact . 
  i 'm not the type who wants to belittle the fears of people that live in border regions and obviously we all have the history of the troubles to remember and that colours our feelings about this . 
  but we should not let scars from the troubles let us think that brexit has a connection to them . 
  just as ireland is an independent country from the uk , able to make its own decisions about its place in the world , so is the uk . 
  it is sort of ironic that 100 years after the easter uprising , it is ireland that does not want the uk to separate itself . 
  personally i hope that the eu can adopt a policy of zero tariffs on goods from the uk ( as i am sure that this would be supported by the irish government and the irish people ) . 
  unfortunately neither of us can control brussels . 
  what we can do is urge our own governments not to place any customs on each others goods and certainly that is what i am campaigning for . 
   write letters to our mps , mps will also be receiving letters from leave constituents ( and there are more of those ) . 
  mps will not be able to stop brexit , but they are unlikely even to want to . 
   protest , go on marches ? 
  lol . 
   vote who for ?!, 
  there is no longer any serious political party that is going to be able to stop brexit . 
  jo cox was murdered by someone with a history of mental health problems . 
  perhaps you were n't aware of that ? 
  now you are . 
   the laughably slim majority . 
  while the victory was narrow , it was also clear . 
  leave got more than a million more votes than remain . 
  we are leaving the eu . 
   we wo n't let ourselves we dictated to by idiots who do n't know how to run the country in our own democracy . 
  what are you going to do about it ? 
  write a letter to the times ? 
  start a protest march ? 
  change your facebook status ? 
  ultimately in a democracy it is the ballot box that is important . 
  you just lost out at the ballot box . 
  you have no other options . 
   the borders of the future may be customs borders - enforced by both sides - if the uk does n't join some sort of customs union with the eu . 
  this is what may is referring to . 
  even if the uk is not in the customs union , it still does not follow that the uk enforces customs borders . 
  if the uk ( unilaterally ) adopts a tariff free policy on all goods coming from ireland , then there is no reason for the uk to have a customs border . 
  while a customs border is not my preferred outcome , we should probably not exaggerate what it entails . 
  there is a customs border between norway and sweden after all that is relatively benign . 
   the only reason why uk would n't want to remain in the eea is to avoid freedom of movement . 
  not really . 
  i do n't think the uk should stay in the eea even if free movement of people was not part of the eea . 
  i think the eea is not the best possible outcome because it limits the ability of the uk to put in place legal and regulatory regimes in a whole array of areas . 
  i do n't think that the uk should copy the swiss model . 
  i think that the uk should join efta , but not then seek to replicate all the agreements that switzerland has with the eu . 
   a populist , ultranationalist , xenophobic campaign that eschewed factual evidence and expert advice for emotional arguments and promises which have since been betrayed to be the fantasies they were , directly involving the murder of an opposing politician and a subsequent massive and sustained increase in race-related attacks on citizens as the currency tumbles .
