  jeeeees ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  i think game set and match to theresa . 
  i would expect the chair of the '22 and the board of the party to agree . 
  ( some party members will not be happy . ), 
   i agree but leadsom was really not a nice character and its a relief she is n't going to leave the uk i think that neither leadsom nor may are really good enough , but we are where we are . 
  such is democracy and such is politics and such is history . 
  nothing is final or certain and all is subject to change . 
  personally i would have preferred a longer contest , in which the candidates were forced to set out policy . 
  looks like the uk will have a new pm by the end of today ( assuming that the queen is not busy ) . 
   finance is global , but it sure is nice having that eu financial passport . 
  there is n't a single eu financial passport , there are a range of different passports relating to various bits of eu legislation , some of which are largely pointless , some of which are more important . 
  most of these allow access to eu markets provided that the relevant financial institution/product is subject to equivalent legislation in its home jurisdiction . 
   a lot of the critics euroskeptics like you have is that the eu is some kind of instrument of globalism . 
  unfortunately the eu is not an instrument of globalism . 
   so they refuse to invoke article 50 , expect all of the eu to wait i expect that we will invoke article 50 at the end of 2016 , depending on negotiations with other countries . 
   i mean in the european market there is really no such thing as a european financial market ( and it reflects poorly on eu politicians to think that there could be ) . 
  finance is global . 
  eu leaders need to properly embrace globalism . 
   you do n't need be a government to prepare at least a proposal for a plan , right ? 
  of course you are correct and multiple people did create plans and multiple people are putting forward suggestions now . 
  however , there is no urgent rush . 
  the government can put in place a plan over the coming weeks . 
   you know , a responsible adult always have at least the foggiest notion of what to do in the event that whatever he is fighting for really pans out . 
  multiple people had/have plans , but the only people capable of putting in place a plan are the government . 
   so you want free movement with the eu ? 
  it is not my preference , but it is not something i feel strongly about . 
  however , the uk will have free movement with ireland of course . 
   i do n't think people thought the uk government did not have a plan . 
  to me it seems absolutely unthinkable that the government did nto have a plan for that scenario ... 
  the government specifically told people that they did not have a plan . 
  personally i am relaxed about that . 
  there is no point rushing . 
  things will happen in due course under the democratic process . 
   a customs border simply is n't avoidable any more . 
  without it trade tariffs are effectively the lowest common dominator between whatever the uk agrees externally , and whatever the eu agrees externally . 
  it puts us both at the whims of each others trade agreements , and that is n't going to be acceptable to either side . 
  from the uk side , i would hope that all tariffs are reduced downwards as much as possible . 
  i see the eu being the side that is less keen to reduce tariffs , but it is certainly getting better in that regard . 
  hopefully brexit will encourage the eu to reduce tariffs even further and liberalise making a customs border much less of an issue . 
  i 'm an unashamed free marketeer . 
   i said that turkey agrees to notify the eu of any agreements it makes , and the eu has the right to annul them . 
  any citation on this ? 
   in practical terms you 're preference is n't going to be any more achievable than it was between norway and sweden . 
  the decision over whether or not the uk has checks is ultimately a question for the british government . 
  given that a majority of the british people do not want checks , i think it is very achievable . 
  obviously , if ireland puts in place a hard border we can not control that . 
   the question is more how long they can postpone that moment . 
  my expectation is that it will be triggered at the end of 2016 . 
  that has actually been my preference from the state . 
   otherwise it would mean that turkey could sign a free trade agreement with china , for example , import from china and ship directly across the border into the eu , effectively meaning that turkey can dictate trade policy to the eu turkey does have separate free trade agreements from the eu . 
  the uk does n't . 
  however , my preference for the uk is not to be part of the customs union . 
   well perhaps we could have a model like norway and sweden have , where they have a 15km zone on each side of their border for policing by both sides , so they can keep roads open for local traffic , something the north and ireland never achieved even though it was already sorely needed due to cross border crime . 
  and then customs checks on the main roads , which are fairly loose , but can often lead to delays of several hours on crossings . 
  my preference would be for the uk side not to have checks at all ( and depending on how the uk goes about reducing tariffs , that should be doable ) . 
  on the ireland side i am sure they will want things to be as loose as possible . 
   it 'll be grand i 'd say , ireland north and south and the lads in britain are all on the same page here , sanity will prevail . . 
  i hope . . 
  this . 
  i have relatives in the south and the north of ireland and am obviously in britain myself . 
  everyone is on the same page . 
  let 's make this work !, 
   but if you stay within the customs union , then the uk will have to , like turkey , accept all treaties that the eu makes , notify the eu of any treaties that the uk makes , as well as the right to annul them , and accept the supremacy of ecj decisions . 
  no , that is n't true . 
  the customs union only relates to customs , not to other aspects of free trade . 
   if the uk leaves the customs union , then we are still talking about closing down a lot of the crossings between the uk and ireland , because it simply wo n't be feasible to police them all . 
  sure , we can still have free movement of people , but from a practical sense that is still going to be very damaging to communities near the border , and in implementation not all that different from having a hard border . 
  on the uk side , nobody will want to put in place a border , even if we are not in the customs union . 
  i think ireland will want to lobby brussels and ask brussels permission to have a very soft border . 
  i am sure brussels will be happy to give ireland permission . 
   tss tss norway the eternal eftasceptic once uk joins efta then we will suddenly become the new eftasceptic  actually , i am really looking forward to the uk joining efta . 
  yeah , maybe we have been in a few too many !, 
  let 's hope that the uk and other nato allies committing to a presence in estonia and other baltics helps ensure that there will be no war in these parts . 
   what plans the brexit leaders presented ( reinvesting 350 million pounds in the nhs , stopping the immigration ) they have already reneged on . 
  so , those were lies . 
  brexit leaders do n't have power to implement or renege on anything as they are not the government . 
  the people that make plans in the uk are the government . 
  that is how things should be in a democracy . 
   the moment i am done with face palming about the amateurs that make up your political caste , i will . 
  the uk and germany have very different political and democratic traditions , legal systems , constitutional systems and histories . 
  these differences explain why the uk was never comfortable in the eu whereas germany loves the eu . 
  calling it amateur does not really make sense , we just do things differently over here . 
  vive la difference !, 
   so where will the customs border between the uk and ireland be then ? 
  the uk might stay within the customs union . 
  even if the uk leaves the customs union , the border might still be a soft border ( like the border between norway and sweden ) . 
   this is the most underhanded argument against referendums i read in a long time . 
  the referendum was about whether or not we should leave the eu . 
  the people voted to leave . 
  now the government and parliament will implement the wish of the people . 
  this is a fantastic outcome and i hope you will also celebrate with me . 
   what plans the brexit leaders presented were a lie . 
  you are just adding that the people were aware of that and voted for brexit anyway . 
  the leaders of brexit were honest that they themselves did not have the power to implement a plan because they are not the government . 
  they simply pointed out the kinds of things that the uk government could do on a vote to leave the eu . 
  now that we have voted to leave the eu , the uk government will put in place a plan . 
  the people who will be in that government will be both people that campaigned for leave and people that campaigned for remain . 
  what the uk government decides to do will of course be a matter for our parliament and our government and be subject to the normal democratic processes . 
  i think it is a fantastic outcome for the uk and for europe .
