  the uk has visa free travel with many countries around the globe . 
   and the laws they bring in to protect citizens that the british government seems to find such a nuisance ultimately this depends on national democracy . 
  we can easily change our national governments if we want . 
  changing the eu is n't really possible . 
   however , i do feel that behind brexit is a negative opinion of immigration and multiculturalism and i do n't share that negative opinion or feel that it would benefit the uk to cut itself off from europe for those reasons . 
  i personally disagree . 
  the uk is a very mult-cultural country irrespective of eu membership and continues to have very high immigration from non-european countries . 
  even if the uk leaves the eu , the uk will likely continue to have high levels of immigration ( a bit like canada , australia and the usa do ) . 
   what is the guardian 's motivation ? 
  they seem pretty inclined to sensation and being critical of the eurogroup ? 
  the guardian takes a pro-eu and anti-austerity editorial line . 
  balancing these two things has become impossible and they have had to choose . 
  it seems that they are more opposed to austerity than they are pro-eu . 
   i have to keep reminding myself that the reasons for brexit and grexit are very different and that fundamentally i do not support the reasons for a brexit . 
  fundamentally i think they are about where power should lie : within the national parliament or at some other surpranational level . 
  it is essentially the same discussion . 
   should the summit 's decision be folded and greece booted out of the euro because one party in a coalition in one ( small voting power ) country is holding it 's breath over the matter ? 
  no , it would make sense for those countries that vote `` yes '' to cover finland 's share if finland does not want to pay . 
  it matters in terms of politics . 
  ( i think the eu still cares about national democracies ? 
  i hope it does . ), 
  i was already going to vote `` out '' . 
  it is hard to know how this will impact the brexit discussions , but it will certainly have some impact . 
  on balance , this will give considerable optimism to the out campaign . 
  very few british people have an emotional belief in the so-called european dream . 
  most brits that would want to vote `` in '' are the types that either have a preference for the status quo or some belief that being in the eu is the economically sensible position . 
  some brits will also be minded to vote `` in '' because they wo n't want to feel associated with ukip or nigel farage . 
  the recent fiasco is going to make the `` in '' case a little harder to make . 
  a lot more british people ( me for example ) are emotionally attached to the idea of british sovereignty and can not stand the idea of the eu . 
  when it comes to turn-out , the outters will be more motivated than the inners . 
  the grexit discussions will add to this phenomenon . 
   they may as well rebrand like that . 
  their differences are far smaller these days than they ever were . 
  this sounds a bit like the twitter hashtags `` liblabcon '' in the uk or `` umps '' in france ... 
   but i do n't understand why sch\u00e4uble and merkel had to go for a total surrender and then trash-talk greece . 
  it is n't really just about greece any more . 
  it is about domestic politics in germany , competing long-term visions of europe and to put the fear of god into the electorate generally in portugal , italy and spain . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_minorca_ ( 1756 ) * '', 
  yes , by selling in the secondary market , costs go up immediately in the primary market . 
  this would impact cost of funding for spain immediately . 
  yes you can . 
  you can sell in the secondary market ... 
  the single market is increasingly less important for the uk . 
  it is very easy for norway to get the benefits of the single market without being in the eu . 
  `` wurst '' country ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  we got a sneak preview of this at the last italian election . 
  italy is doubly interesting because currently it is dealing both with poor economics but also immigration , two issues that the electorate will associate with europe . 
  i expect italian politics to become more extreme . 
  the trouble is , greece is only the beginning . 
  we will see the same thing in other european countries too . 
  and this will cause huge suffering and unemployment and cause massive amounts of bad feeling in europe . 
  ( which nobody wants . ), 
  judging by today 's farce , when the uk leaves the reu will remain as crazy as it currently is ... 
  the uk has influence in the uk . 
  once we leave the eu , we will have more . 
  yes , that 's why the uk did n't join the euro . 
  obviously . 
  a currency union will either collapse or become a transfer union and the uk did not want that . 
  thank goodness we do n't have any say in your absurd currency . 
  blocking integration is not possible in the long term , because there are too many people obsessed by ever closer union . 
  the uk needs to get out . 
  every other country should do what it wants . 
  i 'm not sugar-coating it . 
  it will be tough , but it will be better than staying in . 
  as for `` muh sovereignty '' , i have been proved right by events . 
  we should not disparage national democracies . 
  the eu could never have worked because ( other than a small group of people on here ) nobody feels primarily european . 
  it could never have been democratic . 
  in the long run , you 're better off out . 
  this is the start of rebuilding your country . 
  there is reason to be optimistic . 
  yes , it is very sad . 
  you are right to say `` i told you so '' . 
  so pleased that the uk has no part in this farce . 
  message to all those british people that cried that the uk would lose influence in europe by being out of the euro ? 
  well - that 's true . 
  the uk has zero influence in this shit show . 
  but zero influence is the right place to be . 
  having influence in europe basically means disdain for greek democracy coupled with some shoddy economics . 
  the uk was right to stay out of the euro . 
  as a eurosceptic with a strong interest in european politics and a belief that the eu will eventually undermine the uk 's national democracy unless we leave , these last four weeks have basically been like watching some incredible fascinating yet painful documentary . 
  yes , whatever happens to greece , this will have profound implications for the brexit discussions . 
  very hard to predict , but in my mind this makes a brexit more likely . 
  all these headlines do not go down well with the great british public ... 
  yes , you 're right . 
  greeks need to think of the long-term . 
  the short term is fucked either way . 
  ca n't wait until my country joins your country on the outside :-), 
  the consequences are hard to predict , but personally am optimistic . 
  the worst result would be an inconclusive `` extend and pretend '' outcome , in which greece is kept in the euro , but effectively strangled . 
  i 've been pretty unimpressed by helena smith to be honest . 
  are these still demands of the troika ? 
  seems like this is now coming from governments ... 
  do you follow polls closely ? 
  from the way you are discussing this poll , it makes me think that you do n't . 
  germany and france will not easily be able to agree on a uk policy , just as it is very difficult for them to agree on a greece policy . 
  separately , exactly how are france and germany going to hurt the uk ? 
  the uk is not greece and ca n't be bullied in the same way . 
   thought we were discussing what is better - brexit or not , not whether the uk can still get `` good '' deals .
