   they 're crafting a bill . 
  you ca n't do that in parliament , it 'd take a very long time . 
  is it common for bills to be crafted in this way in swedish parliamentary and constitutional procedure ? 
  i 'm just interested because in the uk it is not common for the opposition to help the government craft bills . 
  the government do it by themselves . 
  did n't these guys already say this on friday at the v4 meeting ? 
  seems like they are really trying to avoid any doubt whatsoever . 
  the one really interesting thing about this refugee debate in my mind is that it has killed the concept of `` central europe '' . 
  culturally , the prevailing attitude of western europeans and eastern europeans here are futher apart than i might have imagined . 
   for some reason parties that disagree with them can not talk to each other about better solutions . 
  obviously anyone can talk to who they like . 
  however , to me the best place for a political discussion of this nature is in parliament ( that 's what it is for ) and the best people to take part in that discussion are all parliamentarians . 
   sweden is playing a very different strategy . 
  i could be wrong , but my feeling is that eventually what happened in the rest of the nordics will also happen in swederland . 
   indeed , the monarchy would have to be really despised for any politicians to even talk about the issue . 
  it 's a giant can of worms no one would want to talk about for fear of upsetting people . 
  unsurprisingly in the uk a majority of politicians have the same views on the monarchy as the people they represent ... republicanism just is n't successful at the ballot box : the ultimate test . 
   if they serve some administrative purpose , then they should be somehow elected and accountable . 
  they have a constitutional purpose . 
  there is no need for them to be elected , if the majority of the population does n't want them to be elected . 
   the idea that we have a magic family who serves no useful purpose but has the right to be treated like royalty , in this day and age , is absurd . 
  they do serve a useful purpose . 
  ( however , if you do n't like them , do feel free to democratically get rid of them . ), 
   well apart from the countries that already had an opt-out clause like the uk and denmark . 
  it 's more about whether the eastern-european countries will take part . 
  they will have to if the council agrees . 
  it is a decision to be made by qualified majority . 
  thus , even if some countries vote against it they will be required to take part if it passes by qualified majority . 
  ( so i do n't really understand the dutch position ... ), 
   the brits are playing a strange game , we 've never been really sure whether or not they were on our side , on the us side or playing their own game . 
  the us and france are not at war . 
  the us and france are allies . 
  we are allies with both the us and france . 
  happy now ?!, 
   i wish they took their responsiblity and played a bigger part in the eu ( like france or germany ) but i ca n't blame them for wanting to leave , the whole `` union '' part is a joke the second part of this sentence explains the first part . 
   democracy to invite some politicians for a talk why is n't this discussed in your parliament by all your parliamentarians ? 
  genuine question . 
  is n't that the purpose of parliament ? 
  politicians having a talk ? 
   or ever . 
  we 've seen the populist right form governments or support governments in denmark , norway and finland in recent years . 
  sweden and the swedish democrats are a different kettle of fish , of course , but `` ever '' seems like a long time , particularly with the electoral trends being what they are . 
  separately , the way that sd gain votes from the other parties will eventually cause the other parties to start accommodating some of their positions . 
   charles is very unpopular . 
  the monarchy would lose an enormous sector of its support if he took the throne he is n't very unpopular . 
  he just is n't as popular as elizabeth ( who is extraordinarily popupar ) . 
  also , support of the monarchy is not just about the monarch . 
  i am not a fan of charles myself . 
  however , this does not mean that i am not a fan of the monarchy . 
   what happens when the uk coast guard finds a dinghy with refugees in the channel ? 
  they bring it back to france . 
  what happens when the italian coast guard finds a dinghy with refugees in the med sea ? 
  they bring it to italy , because it would violate the un refugee convention to bring it back to libya . 
  it is partly also a political decision though . 
  as you mentioned earlier , the uk navy is currently patrolling the med , picking up migrants and taking them to sicilly . 
  this is not an international obligation of the uk , it is a political decision by the uk . 
  ( i 'm not saying it is not the correct decision , perhaps it is , perhaps it is n't . 
  nobody wants there to be hundreds of drowings in the med . 
  however , with our current policies on asylum and migration , there come a whole host of unitended consequences and these include incentivising more people to make dangerous journeys and getting more money into the hands of people smugglers . ), 
  establishing a safe area in libia ( or not ) , paying a third country to host refugees ( or not ) , trying to renegotiate the un refugee convention ( or not ) are also all political decisions . 
   the throne , because he 's largely liked . 
  if charles becomes king of england , we 'll almost certainly see massive movements to remove the monarchy and charles with it . 
  i really doubt this . 
   good for you , but there is no potential for you to become royalty beyond marriage . 
  this is also the same for you . 
  ( we are equal here . ), 
   state funding going to a family based on birth and not on any sense of merit . 
  those are n't things that are equal or i could ever think to endorse . 
  in a democracy , state funding goes to all kinds of people for pragmatic reasons , the handicapped , the unemployed , overseas aid programmes , pensioners and so on and so forth , all with oversight of parliament . 
  funding for the monarchy is just another part of this spending by the british public via parliament . 
   the equality i feel , from being part of a republic , is worth more to me than the potential marketing value of a monarchy . 
  i also feel a massive amount of equality . 
   as i said , the uk wo n't deport anyone . 
  they will say that this is the solution , but they wo n't do it , because they do n't have to . 
  if the schengenzone controlled its external borders , they would be largely in the same position as the uk . 
  it comes down to political will . 
   meanwhile , the royal navy continues to bring refugees to italy . 
  i agree that this does n't in many cases make sense . 
  however , it seems to be what the italian government wants . 
   well , apparently the dutch are proposing that . 
  not according to the article . 
  the european commission 's proposal does not even go that far . 
   processing in grecce means that the traffickers are at least a barrier of entry . 
  we want to avoid the traffickers getting any money . 
  they are not on the same side as us . 
   of course , but they have state funding , so my opinion remains the same . 
  this is a pragmatic decision . 
  the marketing value of the royal family for the uk is more than the state funding they receive ,, 
   that 's not what the uk is doing . 
  the uk is n't deporting anyone . 
  the uk 's policy is to deport illegal immigrants . 
  because the uk is an island ( thank the good lord ! ), 
  and because the uk is not in schengen ( thank the various british governments who have kept us out ! ), 
  theoretically the uk has less need than the netherlands to deport people , instead it should n't let them enter in the first place . 
   i do n't think there is anything modern about a god given right to rule or inheriting a position of power . 
  as i am sure you know , north west european constitutional monarchs do n't rule and they do n't really have power . 
   they are already there and i doubt turkey will take them back . 
  greece will just send them to the next country anyway . 
  building refugee camps on greek islands will encourage far more refugees and economic migrants to go there ( some of these people will make dangerous journeys , some of them will pay criminal people smugglers to take them there ) . 
  this will damage the greek tourist industry which is the one remaining successful industry that greece has .
