  also , there are huge advantages to having a flexible unwritten constitution : it means that when new challenges arise we can adapt to them easily , without formally needing to ratify the constitution . 
  why not let our constitution and notion of state continue to evolve gradually ? 
  we have got this far with it - surely we can go a little further ? 
  anyway : i think out constitution is rather beautiful in a peculiar , chaotic but still somehow efficiency and pragmatic way . 
  i sense from your post that you also have an admiration for it too in spite of yourself . 
  what exactly are you uncomfortable about ? 
  i think it comes down to who you trust more : do you trust judges , who are unelected but guardians of the constitution to override parliament ? 
  or do you trust parliament , as representatives of the people to override judges ? 
  my german friends tend to prefer the former and i think this is partially because of your history . 
  us brits have had a different history and we have not had such abuses by parliament of its powers . 
  the other big difference in our constitution is that ours has lots of rather crazy anachronisms that have resulted from it having evolved gradually , rather than having been specifically designed . 
  for example , the queen still has the power to refuse to pass legislation . 
  does this make you uncomfortable ? 
  personally i do n't think it makes sense to be uncomfortable about theoretical problems . 
  also - what do you think we should do to solve these theoretical problems ? 
  dramatically write a new constitution ? 
  i think that would be a bit disproportionate . 
  parliament can in theory do anything , yes . 
  parliament could in theory legislate for germany to be british territory , it would n't be unconstitutional . 
  but parliament itself has a system of checks and balances to scrutinise legislation . 
  for example , acts of parliament are extensively debated . 
  ministers are questioned . 
  the house of lords can reject legislation . 
  newspapers can criticise it . 
  civil servants can advise on it and so forth . 
  in practice there are many checks , including political ones and conventional ones . 
  the bnp are an extremely unpleasant enthnocentric party that believes in massive state-ownership / state protection of industry etc. 
  but do you know what ? 
  they have no power and no prospect of power !, 
  they currently have two meps and are about to lose both of them . 
  they are not rising , they are falling . 
  the edl are not even a political party and no party represents them . 
  they have zero political power . 
  these factors also cause far left factions too . 
  of course , eu should try and tackle the huge policy errors it has made in the last few years . 
  but there is no point trying to tackle the far right or far left itself . 
  instead , focus on the actual massive economic problems . 
  in britain there is n't really any problem of far right or far left . 
  pretty much . 
  they are an issue in a few countries in europe . 
  but then , they always have been and always will be . 
  europe has far bigger things to worry about ( massive youth unemployment , recession in southern europe that has lasted more than five years ) than the far right . 
  the parallels between europe in the 30s and europe now are extremely farfetched . 
  having a currency linked to the euro - a link that could be broken with relative ease at any moment , is a completely different thing to being in the euro . 
  parliament are hugely influenced by a whole body of other laws / systems . 
  but , for example , if parliament specifically enacted legislation that were contrary to some other eu directive , a judge would not be able to override that piece of legislation . 
  it has an unwritten constitution . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to say that it does n't have a consitution at all . 
  it does have system of laws / conventions through which other powers are derived . 
  yes - this is true . 
  consitutionally , parliament is sovereign in the uk . 
  it is therefore impossible for primary legislation to be unconstitutional . 
  therefore judges do not have the power to challenge primary legislation . 
  in britain we still say `` let 's go dutch '' , to mean both people paying their own shares ... 
  i agree it was never just free trade . 
  i 'm happy for it to cover things like the promotion of democracy / rule of law in those jurisdictions that do not have a strong democratic traditions too . 
  still - when we joined we could not really have predicted where it would go . 
  history is so uncertain . 
  we feel like we joined a football league and were happy to so so . 
  then suddenly all the other clubs insisted on playing p\u00e9tanque and wearing lederhosen and these things are just not british . 
  do n't be surprised that we want to leave the league and go back to playing cricket . 
  ( even though australia have just won back the ashes . ), 
  most of the growth is in services , and some in construction and manufacturing . 
  it is no surprise that most of the growth is in services - this is what britain has a competitive advantage at . 
  as for credit ratings agencies , i agree that they are not perfect , bit their methodologies are actually very detailed . 
  in the case of sovereigns , they look at a range of economic and political factors . 
  but - if you do n't like them , feel free to ignore them when you make your own investment decisions . 
  there was perhaps a brief moment in the early 2000s when blair was at the height of his power when perhaps the brits might have been persuaded into the euro , but that was before the gigantic pr disaster of the euros one sovereign debt crisis . 
  of course , had the uk joined , everything would have been different , but now it is way too late . 
  my circle of friends ( oxbridge / middle class / london based ) is the most euphile demographic in the uk . 
  none of them see the uk in the euro . 
  also - i find the way you write about democracy to be rather casual and dismissive with expressions like `` complex feedback loop '' and `` politicians and media hand in hand '' . 
  who would you rather formed public opinion ? 
  bureaucrats in brussels ? 
  you think they have the interests of the british people at heart ? 
  i prefer the democratic process . 
  i thought you would not answer the question , but it is a slight shame . 
  after all : this is a question that has faced the eu for years , the tension between deepening and widening . 
  britain is going to be a major major obstacle to deepening the eu . 
  you have no idea how much trouble we are prepared to cause . 
  i 'm also a patient man . 
  i am watching the growth in euroscepticism in various countries . 
  obviously , the uk is well ahead , but we are starting to take others with us too . 
  perhaps the trend for euroscepticism in germany will start to grow too . 
  we in ukip are hoping afd get into the european parliament , 
  not from the uk !, 
  we do n't criticise your eurosceptic ism, 
  as an english lawyer i find the term `` ever closer union among the people 's of europe '' to be so vague and meaningless . 
  it can really mean anything you want it to mean . 
  what an earth does perpetually getting closer even mean in practice ? 
  how can that actually work ? 
  and what about if people stop wanting that ? 
  surely this vague notion should not override people 's actual wants . 
  the democracy tenet was in the eu from the start too . 
  and democracy and ever-closer union are often in conflict . 
  you can either have ever-closer union ( federalism ) or you can have a democratic europe . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  i know which one i prefer . 
  absolutely !, 
  which beer !,
