  so i find it odd that france is letting the problem escalate in the hope that the uk caves . 
  also , as a matter of principle it should be france rather than the uk that deals with this . 
  either these migrants are refugees or economic migrants and in neither of these circumstances is there a particular reason why the uk should cover the costs rather than france . 
   that is only for arrivals from a country within the schengen area . 
  this is how they get into france , via a country within the schengen area . 
   hello guys !, 
  i 'm a guy who would like to start a new life somewhere else , far from the nation i live in ( italy ) , but i do n't know where to , well , start planning on how to begin this new chapter of my life . 
  i suppose i 'll need a job , a place to stay , something to eat ... and obviously money . 
  my eyes are pointing towards the united kingdom and ireland , but also australia or new zealand . 
  so , can you guys offer me some advices ? 
  some general help on how to do that and stuff ? 
  ( 1 ) get a one-way ticket to london ( can be done quickly ) ( 2 ) get a job in london ( depending on what you want to do , this can take a couple of hours ) ( 3 ) do boring things like open a bank account in the uk and find somewhere to live ( this is a bit harder , but if you do n't have connections in the uk you can stay in a cheap hostel until you find somewhere permanent . 
  however , focusing on the job is most important . ), 
   instead it 's - as usual - about money it is n't really about money . 
  this situation is caused by : - uk being a popular destination for immigrants ( language , good job market , presence of friends and family , no id cards ) - uk being outside schengen so checking passports - france being inside schengen so not checking passports - france not processing irregular entrants while these elements are present ( and none of them look like changing ) no amount of money will make this problem go away . 
   it 's already peaked i think . 
  you have all the people voting ukip , but i ca n't see them gathering much more support . 
  there are too many other issues going on and this one issue is n't big enough . 
  in the uk the policy action / law that different parties can take towards calais is limited , because calais is not in the uk . 
  all main political parties in the uk , labour , ukip , conservatives and lib dems have a consensus that the uk must not join schengen . 
  voting differently in the uk will not impact calais . 
  in france , however , the way you vote could impact what happens in calais ( as the french government could do something about it if it wanted to ) . 
   is n't it because in continental europe they are n't allowed to stay permanently what is france doing to stop them staying permanently ? 
   no. 10 in denial . 
  ( david c. puts fingers in ears , `` did not hear you , barack '' , and still thinks that there is something to negotiate with the rest of the eu ) . 
  nobody denies that it is in the us interest for the uk to stay in the eu . 
  this is a totally separate question about whether or not it is in the uk interest . 
  the uk , when deciding whether or not to stay in the eu , should only consider the british interest and not the us interest . 
  holocaust denial and fascist symbols are legal in the uk . 
   and it just feels like a barrier to a special club that we are n't allowed to enter . 
  it 's not that special . 
  uk is too cool for it , 
   except that it 's quite debatable whether they float so freely : in general the exchange rates of those countries ' currencies with respect to the euro are remarkably stable . 
  and i strongly suspect that the boe pulled all stops back in 2008 to keep sterling from falling below parity with the euro . 
  i 'd say that the central banks of all four countries watch and manage quite actively their exchange rates to other currencies , starting with the euro . 
  they just do n't want to offer a challenge to george soros by saying so openly . 
  when i write `` float freely '' i am not implying that there is no monetary intervention whatsoever or that central banks do n't consider the actions of other central banks in the world or exchange rates generally , of course they do . 
  however , they do n't try and maintain a peg at all costs . 
  in the uk 's case , the boe deliberately reduced the value of the pound in 2008 , to try and ensure that unemployment remained low , inside the euro the uk could not have done this . 
  it would have been insane for the uk to try and artificially keep the pound pegged to the euro over the last decade . 
  fortunately it has not done this . 
   i do agree that the degree of fiscal transfers within eu member states is about one order of magnitude higher than that between eurozone countries , though . 
  and that this is indeed a big handicap when coping with asymmetric shocks . 
  nevertheless , this overlooks the fact that fiscal redistribution has usually followed ( successful ) currency unions , not the other way around . 
  let 's hope the eurozone manages to put in place the necessary fiscal union required for it to be a success . 
  it seems like this is moving further away rather than closer , judging by the greek debacle . 
  i 'm saying that a protocol allowing greece to exit the euro and stay in the eu could be agreed between the member states in 24 hours , with ratification to take place quickly thereafter . 
   i have yet to see a legal opinion that would hold that greece 's membership from the eurozone could be undone within the eu without an amendment ratified by all 28 member states but feel free to find one . 
  i am not arguing that all member states would not have to ratify the amendment . 
   but this is a different thing than argueing for the soundness of competitive devaluations . 
  i 'm not really arguing for competitive devaluations . 
  i am arguing for the strength of the currency to reflect the strength of the underlying economy and for freely floating currencies , as we see with sweden , uk , poland and czech . 
  another option would be for the massive fiscal transfers to occur within the eurozone . 
   and the same could be said about sterling and yet nobody is proposing different currencies for london and grimsby , even though the current government is n't exactly known for its redistributive fiscal policies ... 
  the majority of uk taxation is centralised . 
  there is virtually zero public borrowing done at local level , almost all of it is central . 
  there are huge fiscal redistributions within the uk . 
  the current uk government has made virtually zero changes to this . 
  are you really implying that the uk and the eurozone are alike in the extent to which fiscal transfers occur ? 
  to me it seems that there are incredibly large differences . 
   not modify a treaty , revoke greece 's membership in the eurozone . 
  the treaties have already been modified by protocols . 
   i do n't know why , but this sounds depressing to me . 
  i agree , it is a bit depressing . 
   is it made this way so people do n't fall into the poverty figures , if they get fired ? 
  it was made this way before poverty figures existed . 
  the concept behind the welfare state in the uk is to give money in cases where there is a need . 
  arguably the needs for unemployment benefits do n't change just because you have been unemployed for a long while . 
  i 'm a lawyer . 
  ( i 'm not saying that because i am a lawyer my argument is automatically better than yours , however , i am saying that it is a fundamental principle of international treaty law that treaties can be modifidied with the agreement of the parties . 
  i find it odd that you think that the only way to modify a treaty is by a lengthy negotiation , when clearly the eu treaties have been modified by protocol in the past ( like the irish protocol on the treaty of lisbon ) . 
   firstly , i insist , southern european countries mostly stand in competition with each other in this sector , especially now that the southern mediterranean is pretty much off-limits . 
  more distant destinations have to cope with the extra transportation cost , as well as the fact that families with children wo n't necessarily look forward to 6 + hour flights . 
  i am not obliged to take a holiday in the med . 
  i could choose not to take a holiday there at all and just stay in the uk . 
  the cost of my holiday massively impacts my decision of whether to take a holiday . 
  in this sense while you are correct that southern europe competes with itself in this sector , you also need to remember that this sector competes with other sectors and the entire sector can become more competitive compared to other sectors . 
   but even if it 's possible to convince more tourists to come , you have to lodge them somewhere . 
  currently tourism in southern europe is not at capacity . 
  after a depreciation the costs of further investing would be lower rather than higher , encouraging investment . 
  ( there is no shortage of staff to be hired . ), 
   in short , competitive devaluation is n't the panacea which some people are argueing . 
  and if somebody knows that , it 's southern europe : few countries have more experience of devaluation than spain , italy or greece , and it never helped in the long term . 
  spain already reached this kind of unemployment rates back in the 80s and 90s , when the euro did n't yet exist , and the peseta was regularly devaluated . 
  what needs to be done is to address the internal flaws in our economies . 
  i 'm not arguing that it is a panacea . 
  i 'm not arguing that internal flaws should not also be addressed . 
  i 'm simply arguing that accommodative monetary policy is an incredibly useful tool at a time that economies are having difficulties , which is why the eurozone is engaged in it . 
  the difficulty of the eurozone is that different member states have different economic needs in relation to the extent of this qe and the eurozone is totally inflexible in this regard . 
  yes , they can . 
  i take it you are not a lawyer ? 
   protocols ca n't retroactively void greece 's existing & irrevocable legal commitment ( notice the term irrevocable ) to being a eurozone member . 
  yes , of course they can . 
  this is exactly how the uk stays out of the euro , it has a protocol specially for it . 
  many protocols have been added to the tfeu exactly to make derogations to the treaty . 
  in the uk/ireland a bar experience is quite different from a pub experience ... 
  i do n't think there really is a default friday night experience , it depends a lot on age and other things . 
  as a percentage of the population though , the number of people that regularly go to pubs on a friday is much higher than the number of people that regularly go to a club . 
   no , it could n't be . 
  it 's a fantasy .
