   is there any way the uk could compensate the blow of downgrading from singlemarket access to basically nothing ? 
  most of the world trades with the eu on the basis of wto terms . 
   i ca n't think of anything , other than desperately trying to secure deals with other partners than the eu , who of course will use the fact to their advantage . 
  free trade deals are mutually advantageous . 
   it make me think they 're just winging it . 
  where are the problems ? 
  economy is growing , employment is high , we are leaving the eu , people are shopping . 
  relax !, 
   i dont think no deal + crashing out is sensible at all to be honest but each to their own . 
  no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  we do n't know what the deal will be like and it might be bad . 
  therefore we should be prepared to walk away without a deal . 
  if you are not prepared to walk away , you definitely get a bad deal ( like cameron got ) . 
   i can see it as a definite possibility if the uk turns rogue . 
  the uk is n't going to turn rogue !, 
  the uk is a liberal parliamentary democracy , in a defence alliance with most of continental europe , part of g7 , the unsc , a founder member of the wto , the imf etc. . . talking about the uk going rogue makes you seem , if you do n't mind me saying so , a bit delusional . 
  also , the eu would have to stop capital leaving the eu at all to stop it getting to london . 
  that would n't be the uk going rogue . 
  i do n't think even the eu is going to implement capital controls . 
   both are accidents that happened outside the order of things . 
  brexit was n't an accident . 
  the british people wanted brexit and voted for it in a free and fair democratic process . 
   brexit is an anachronistic throwback to nationalism that has no place in this world . 
  if countries like new zealand , south korea and switzerland can manage outside the eu then i am not sure why the uk ca n't . 
  or do you think they are also throwbacks to nationalism ? 
   i think people may get angry if there 's no deal and we end up trading under wto terms . 
  i expect some people who voted remain to be angry , but i do n't think the public at large will be . 
  a good deal is better than no deal , but a bad deal is obviously worse than no deal . 
  we just can not predict how the eu will respond . 
  obviously , the uk should be ready for every eventuality . 
   everybody thought that cooler minds and reason would win in the long run . 
  cooler minds and reason did win in the end in my view . 
  also , it is pointless trying to compare brexit to a war . 
  the uk and the eu are allied . 
  do you really think there is going to be a war ? 
  if not , this rhetoric seems a bit weird . 
   it 's not matter of `` will be '' anymore with the uk but a matter of how much longer . 
  if switzerland , new zealand and south korea manage not to end up like argentina , why not the uk too ? 
   that may have been a good point until the referendum . 
  actually , the fact that the uk could vote to leave the eu without a plan in place , but just keep calm and carry on , makes me think that the uk is inherently pretty stable . 
  we 're still a liberal parliamentary democracy with the rule of law . 
  we still have no tradition of extremist political movements . 
   yeah if you do n't count little things like tariff barriers and wage levels . 
  i do n't think that the eu will put tariffs on the uk because this wo n't be good for the eu . 
  as for wage levels , i do n't even know what you mean by this . 
  cost of labour in the uk is , i think , comparable with much of the western world . 
   where a sudden irrational policy change like brexit brexit is n't sudden . 
  we had years of euscepticism , staying out of the eu 's core endeavour , the euro . 
  we were promised a referendum in 2013 and the general election was fought over it . 
  legislation was passed for the referendum . 
  the referendum was regulated by the electoral commission . 
  we had the referendum and leave won . 
  then we had a judicial process to decide who should begin the process of leaving . 
  now we are having a legislative process . 
  then we will have a negotiation . 
  this has been anything but sudden . 
   serious risk to your national economy uk is currently having record employment levels and growing strongly . 
  nobody is predicting a recession any more . 
   look at argentina for an example of how economic politics with a crowbar work out in the long run . 
  yeah , i do n't like the look of argentina . 
  or north korea . 
  but then look at new zealand . 
  or switzerland . 
  or south korea . 
  i do n't think that the uk will be run like argentina and nor do investors like boeing . 
   you do n't think some people are enjoying the shitshow ? 
  i do n't think there is a shitshow . 
  this is of course sensible from davis . 
  it would be crazy not to be prepared for no deal . 
   did n't vote 27.8 % , which i arbitrarily rounded to thirds . 
  in my mind it is a bit weird to focus too much on the people that did not vote . 
  we do n't focus on them in any other elections . 
  for better or worse they decided to let others decide for them : they did n't care . 
   pop over to / r/unitedkingdom sometime . 
  they really are not representative of the uk at all . 
   but why ? 
  things like low corporation tax , workforce , employment law , other perceived regulatory and legal stability factors of the uk . 
   it has literally zero advantages over running them either inside the single market or in far east . 
  or disadvantages . 
   i do hope you 're encouraging your political contacts in the conservative party to increase funding for state secondary schools ? 
  i do n't think the key thing is funding , but attitude of teachers . 
  academic rigour of itself is not inherently massively costly . 
  the massive cost that people spend in private schools is mostly not on academic rigour . 
  one of my close friends in the tory party has helped set up an excellent school in a poor part of london that is now hugely oversubscribed . 
  i think the tory party need to push this kind of thing much harder . 
   i find it a shame that less bright people with wealthy parents gain an advantage over their brighter peers , based not on their achievements but on the achievements or financial resources of their predecessors . 
  i consider that inconsistent with the principles of a meritocratic society , do you ? 
  i do . 
  that is why i am so keen that state schools should focus on an academic education . 
  that is the single most important way of helping out poor bright students . 
  labour realistically right now do n't need someone to try and win the 2020 election , but someone to stop them losing even more ground . 
  success probably ca n't come before 2025 at this stage . 
  there are people within the labour party who are much better than corbyn , but not that many who are really talented in my view ( though i vote tory ) . 
   that 's equally accessible to all members of society based upon ability rather than parental resources ? 
  i was very fortunate that i got outstanding rigorous academic secondary education though my parents are very poor . 
  so , it can be done . 
  i would be delighted if more of the state secondary education sector in the uk aspired to this . 
  i repeat that it is always a shame when bright people are not challenged in their education . 
   your universities are certainly becoming more expensive ... 
  they are .
