   yes , from a historical perspective the european union for me is the what ensures european peace and prosperity . 
  despite of all the troubles of the recent years given the big picture europe never had a better global position than it has now and never was europe as peaceful . 
  nationalism in the traditional european , v\u00f6lkisch sense is poison for the continent . 
  european nations have a tendency to drift apart if we give in to political atavism and i do n't believe that to be very good for anybody . 
  perhaps you do n't have confidence in a peaceful democratic germany ? 
  surely , however , you must recognise that the uk , which has centuries of stable parliamentary democracy behind it , is not going to cause war in europe if we leave the eu ? 
  look at switzerland or norway for example . 
  you surely must recognise that we have peace with them because they have stable parliamentary democracies and the fact that they are not in the eu causes no risk whatsoever ? 
  while the eu and peace in europe are two things that have coincided , this does not mean that the eu has caused peace in europe . 
  i think it is far more likely that things like nato , trade and parliamentary democracy have caused peace in europe and it is this peace that has caused the eu . 
   ok but why do you think an italian should be in favor of giving you a special treatment when the opposite does n't happen and it 's not even discussed ? 
  no need for any italians to give brits special treatment at all . 
  we 'd love to keep trading with you . 
  it should be noted that italy 's economy is now basically the same size as it was when it joined the euro , italy is experiencing chronic unemployment and italy 's brightest and best are leaving italy , the uk is italy 's fourth largest export market and italy has a significant trade surplus with the uk . 
  it would surprise me if italians wanted to harm that relationship . 
  as someone who has lived in italy and loves italy is always pains me when i see italy ( which could be a great country ) not live up to its potential . 
   the former see the european union as the answer to the horrors of the 20th century , despite all its flaws . 
  i do n't hear this from a lot of brits . 
  it is correct that some germans and some french see the eu as the answer to the horrors of the 20th century , whereas almost no brits do . 
  however , this is not the same as there being a `` post-national identity '' . 
  this is simply the consequence of the 20th century on our various national psyches . 
  the experience of both germany and france in the 20th century lead them not to trust germany and france . 
  however , british experience of the 20th century lead us to trust britain . 
  the uk maintained its stable parliamentary democracy during the war and during the peace . 
  there was almost no political extremism in the uk , either from the far left or the far right , and certainly no political extremes came close to power . 
  our national institutions were shown to have worked , both in the war and in the peace . 
  given this , we had little reason to reject those national institutions in favour of some supra-national institutions ( which were untested ) . 
  do you think that the horrors of the 20th century are a reason for the uk to stay in the eu today ? 
  if the uk leaves the eu the uk will continue to be a stable parliamentary democracy , as it has been for several hundred years . 
  do you think france and germany need to be tied to each other in the eu in order not to go to war ? 
  that might be a more complicated question , but this is a reason for france and germany to be in the eu , but not really a reason for the uk to be in the eu . 
  personally i think it is stable parliamentary democracies that keep us safe . 
  ironically , the eu is doing its best to undermine this system of governance . 
  unsurprisingly , the outcome is the negotiation with greece and so forth . 
   i think the article is right in pointing out that there does not seem to be a post-national identity in the uk , which is a problem if you want to be a genuine member of a supra-national union of states . 
  there are n't any countries in the eu which have a post national identity . 
  this is why democracy at the eu level is such a failure and why the eu project is destined to fail . 
  this was shown very dramatically with the grexit crisis of last year . 
  having the cellars of the houses of parliament searched for gunpowder as an official part of your constitution is pretty cool , you must admit , 
  the uk does n't have a constitutional court at all . 
  our constitution is unwritten . 
  the danes already said `` nej '' to the eu a few weeks ago . 
  it will be interesting to see if the dutch are the next to say `` nee '' , before the brits come out with the big one ... 
  do you have any links to this censuring mechanism and has hungary been censured in this way ? 
   it 's beyond me how you could have let yourself believe the false claims that the previous governments have done the same things . 
  how come this government had to change laws if the former governments had already done the same things ? 
  changing the law does not , of itself , ring any alarm bells for me , though i suppose that might be because the uk observes parliamentary sovereignty and allows a bare parliamentary majority to change any law . 
  i have seen this work well . 
  it seems that this government is putting its own people in the national broadcaster and in the constitutional court and of course these things are regrettable . 
  those entities should not be political . 
  however , from what i have read this is what the previous government also did , just at a slower pace . 
   it 's beyond me how you could have let yourself believe the false claims that the previous governments have done the same things . 
  how come this government had to change laws if the former governments had already done the same things ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  polish redditors in this sub as well as the polish ones have blown giant holes into the pis narrative . 
  clearly what pis is doing goes beyond whatever has come before that . 
  that 's why pis has been falling in the polls and is already behind nowoczesna . 
  they only had 38 % of the vote during the election and now they are below 30 % . 
  that is not a mandate to enact the changes they are enacting . 
  last but not least , even lech walesa criticised them openly and pretty harshly . 
  are you calling him a brussels-stooge , too ? 
  i 've read a range of accounts from different polish redditors on this sub . 
  as for pis falling in the polls , to me this is interesting but somewhat irrelevant . 
  it is the ballot that chooses the government and not the poll . 
  the poll and the ballot may disagree with each other ( as we regularly see , not least in my own country in may ) . 
  and if pis are now unpopular with the electorate , then they will be removed at the next election and suffer defeats at various other elections along the way . 
  i am quite happy with poles removing pis , that is how things should be . 
  though note that in the uk the tories are usually unpopular mid-term and that sometimes melts away by the election ... 
  i 'm happy for lech walesa to speak loudly on this : he is part of polish national democracy . 
  i 'm less happy for david cameron to do the same , he is an outside power . 
   honestly , i think i know why you have come to this conclusion : i think you are letting yourself be blinded by your ideology and that is why i maintain my claim that it is backwards . 
  you think pis is some kind of fighter for national democracy like yourself , but they are not . 
  they are subduing polish national democracy , but because they are doing it in opposition to the boogeyman you share , you give them a pass . 
  the previous government has not been exactly eu-friendly . 
  they did n't rush into the euro . 
  they did n't offer to host refugees by themselves . 
  in fact , they did very little that would brand them as friends of the eu . 
  and yet , po did n't do what pis is doing and for that reason , the rest of the eu did n't bother them . 
  this is different and i 'm glad europe is not letting it slide . 
  honestly , i very much doubt i would vote for pis were i a pole . 
  they are not eusceptic enough for my liking and generally their programme for government does not suit me . 
  also , i am not really giving them a pass . 
  i do n't rate their actions . 
  i am simply pointing out the double standards . 
  while the previous polish government was not utterly euphile ( as you have pointed out ) they were of an order of magnitude more euphile than the current one . 
  it may be helpful to look at the hungarian situation . 
  as we both know , the current hungarian government has not been squeaky clean with the rule of law : but what has the eu done ? 
  it has done nothing , because it knows there is no more euphile hungarian government waiting in the wings . 
  if the eu gives the hungarian government a pass , i 'm afraid it has to do the same with poland . 
   finally , i have said it again and again : i do n't like the current state of european integration and i will not defend it nor accept the blame for it . 
  a deeper eu with the necessary authority to combat asymmetric economic shocks would not suffer from this malaise . 
  but let 's not get into this again . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that euphilia leads to unfortunate results just as much as euscepticism does . 
  just as you do n't think the euro is working as it should , i do n't like the actions of the current polish government . 
  i maintain , though , that the best way of combatting pis is by allowing national democracy to run its natural course . 
  ironically enough , your solution to pis , which seems to be external intervention , will lead to far greater euscepticism in poland in the long run . 
  it is a way of infantilising the polish electorate and will not result in an improvement in polish democracy . 
  i think my solution , which relies on the polish people , will work out better in the long run . 
  i agree with what you have written about saudi . 
  i am very unhappy about what my government has done there .
