  it find it very realistic . 
  most europeans do not vote in the eu elections on european issues , instead they vote on local issues . 
  this is why it does n't really make sense to have a european parliament . 
  ukip will have a field day with this ... 
  thanks . 
  these polls do support your position . 
  the final ( i think icm ) national poll 's scotland subsample ( of 500 plus voters ) presented a larger share for ukip and a smaller one for snp . 
  i also think that it is possible that some in the better together movement might have tactically voted for ukip . 
  personally i think ukip are very progressive and want an outward facing uk , with trade links across the entire globe . 
  however , perhaps we disagree about that . 
  also , the more people that voted green , the better ukip 's chances of doing well are . 
  there has ( possibly ) been a late green surge across the uk , which will help ukip . 
  with respect , that 's not what your figures show and your link does n't help your argument . 
  if the snp get 31 and ukip get 10.5 , then ukip 's first candidate comes ahead of snp 's third candidate . 
  given that neither the lib dems or the greens will get 10.5 , this would give ukip the final seat . 
  the evidence you are using does not support your argument . 
  i suggest you change your argument ( or more likely , your evidence ) . 
  we will find out tomorrow either way , 
  agreed , but the narrative will be very different if ukip get a seat in scotland . 
  this is why the snp have put considerable energy in trying to ensure scots vote tactically to make sure this does n't happen . 
  but , we will see !, 
  on your own figures , this would give snp 2 , labour 2 , the tories 1 and ukip 1 . 
  it might be the case that ukip do n't get an mep in scotland . 
  but i find it odd that you are making this argument but using figures which contradict your argument . 
  while those polls are interesting , they are obviously the polls that the snp selected as part of their campaign material . 
  they are n't fully representative of polls , which have tended to give ukip more than a third of the snp share in scotland . 
  we will find out tomorrow !, 
  i also think there is likely to be a shy ukipper tendency in scotland , which the polls might not show . 
  the figures you have given , with ukip on 10.5 and snp on 31 , will mean that ukip will get an mep in scotland . 
  what is ignorant about wanting the uk to leave the eu ? 
  in britain the police can not ask you for id ( and british people are not comfortable about the police having these rights ) . 
  there is no legal requirement to own id in britain and imposing this requirement is seen as illiberal . 
  in britain because we are an island we ca n't just go to belgium for gas , so arguments about ease of travel do n't make sense . 
  ok , are you british ? 
  this discussion is about britain not having id cards and why british people do n't want or need them . 
  in britain we do n't have police controls and we do n't need id to buy alcohol and we do n't need id cards when we vote . 
  but , i suspect this is likely to mean he will receive more votes . 
  you go from camping in the uk to prague without a bag ? 
  how do you do this ? 
  given that recently the british parliament decided not to follow the u.s. to war in syria , it seems like those cartoons are no longer relevant . 
  it is about time , but these proposed sanctions do not go far enough ( and represent a failure of eu political will ) . 
  what recent british films about romania depicting romania as a shithole have there been ? 
  it does n't surprise me that russian media prints these cartoons . 
  but obviously they have a particular bias and there is no reason why europe or north america should take them seriously . 
  i do understand why it exists , but i do n't agree with its core ideals . 
  that is why i voted ukip . 
  in my mind it would be preferable because you are an austrian national and in my mind an ability to vote and nationality are intimately connected . 
  the rules could have been such that you were able to vote in austria ( and that would have been preferable ) . 
  united kingdom : it is very hard to predict between ukip , labour and the conservatives . 
  the bookmakers and the opinion pollsters are giving the edge to ukip though . 
  this is going to make politics in the uk somewhat interesting . 
  there is also an interesting battle in the race for fourth place between the greens and the liberal democrats . 
  if the greens win this race and the lib dems come fifth , then perhaps it is the end of nick clegg . 
  there is also an interesting battle in scotland , to see if ukip can get a seat . 
  if they can , this will have implications for the scottish independence debate . 
  where do these political cartoons get printed ? 
  ( genuine question . ), 
  i do n't see them in the newspapers i read . 
  this is total nonsense . 
  thanks man !, 
  i do n't think i will be scared away as i generally find european politics interesting and i enjoy discussions with people who have different opinions from me . 
  also - this current period is particularly interesting for a historical perspective . 
  and i think these current elections will show that . 
  but people who travel between schengen and cta typically need to carry more than just a wallet anyway . 
  the passport can go in the bag that almost everyone will be carrying . 
  so i still think there is no advantage whatsoever to an id card . 
  i 'm not making a slippery slope argument . 
  i am describing what most british people think . 
  i think a passport works just as well for british people that want to travel between schengen and cta . 
  i do n't see why an id card would be any more convenient . 
  i do n't think there is strong hatred for non-required id card , but some people think it would be the first step to a required id card . 
  actually , i would be fine if they said it . 
  but prince charles is not a political leader . 
  the day that prince charles annexes crimea , i will allow putin to criticise him . 
  that would be better . 
  i know what i wrote might have been confusing , but i was referring to the entire eea , and free movement of workers generally in the eea , rather than the uk/ireland cta . 
  this would be fraudulent . 
  but , yes , you could . 
  it would n't be very british though !, 
   wait , you do n't need to have any kind of id to vote ? 
  there are some british people ( like my father ) that do n't currently have any id at all . 
  so if id was required , he could n't vote . 
   are there any other safe guards to make sure nobody can vote twice ? 
  you have to tell the people in the polling station your name and they tick you off the electoral list . 
   it 's true i found many people i deal with to be very trusting here , which is very nice but also feels so strange to me . 
  this has started to change in the uk , even in my life-time , which is in some ways sad . 
  there are still some other great things about britain though , which i hope you have experienced while you have been living here . 
   he does say some really dumb things and its time he stops getting a pass because he has royal blood . 
  while i agree it was not a helpful comment to make , he did make it privately rather than publicly . 
  i do n't think it is the busness of russian officials to make public comment on private remarks made by prince charles . 
   yea , thanks to the massive empire you had for the past 300 years . 
  we 've really not had an empire for the last 100 years though . 
   i did find it somewhat funny that people were worried about the state being too controlling by introducing id cards but people were n't all that bothered about living in the country with the highest density of cctv system anywhere in the world :d as a brit i hate the idea of id cards ... 
  i 'm not too happy about cctv , but i hate id cards more . 
   i had my polling card which had a number on it which i was asked for , but according to the card i did n't actually need it to vote . 
  i did n't take my polling card or any id with me . 
  i just told them my name and address . 
   what happens if someone just claims to be `` you '' and shows up to vote before you do though ? 
  apparently this never happens in the uk and there are very fre examples of electoral fraud ( in person ) in the uk . 
  i know - it is kind of odd .
