   i do n't need to consider individual polls . 
  when considering whether or not polls or polling is correct , you need to consider individual polls if you want to do a serious analysis . 
   it is n't like the uk wants to buy steel and could simply turn to another supplier if the eu does n't make a good price . 
  eu is not going to put up its own prices . 
  eu wants to sell things . 
  perhaps you mean eu putting up tariffs ? 
   as you have said in the past , the uk might try to focus more on other countries outside the eu , but you will agree with me that this will take time ... a lot of it . 
  with each year that passes ( look at the last decade ) the percentage of the uk 's trade with the eu falls relative to its trade with the rest of the world . 
  it is already happening faster than people predicted and the uk ( if we play are cards right ) . 
   threatening to leave the negotiations is like saying : `` give me what i want or i 'll cut my right arm off '' essentially . 
  i do n't think that the uk government sees it like this . 
  i also do n't think that our arm would be cut off ( any more than the vote to leave itself caused any harm ) . 
   he 'll be all about ` has to be made in the us ' or whatever he can come up with to sound like he 's acting in the us ' interest . 
  a trade deal with the uk may very well be a victim of that . 
  uk 's economy is totally different from mexico 's economy and much more similar to us economy . 
  we can not compete with us by paying employees less than they get paid for example . 
  also , i think congress in the us are desperate for an agreement with the uk ( and they will be very powerful ) . 
   i do not think that the countries will have a problem ( except maybe belgium due to wallonia lol ) but the electorate might demonstrate ... 
  i am just worried that in two years time there might be some more extreme people in various eu parliaments and that it is all a bit unpredictable . 
  i am assuming that merkel will read them the riot act though ...  there is much more at stake for the uk . 
  in the last few days many commentators and politicians have told may that she has to be able to walk away from a bad deal . 
  there is a consensus in the uk that cameron 's deal was bad because he was not prepared to walk away from it . 
  when considering the statistical margin or error , you need to consider individual polls as that is the main way in which it is relevant . 
   what i am a bit worried about is that a `` good trade deal '' for the uk would be essentially be ceta on steroids ( or something like this ) . 
  given the public protest against ceta , this might become a bit problematic . 
  that is what i want - ceta on steroids . 
  i agree , it might be problematic for various countries to agree it . 
  i think we must accept that there might be no deal between the uk and the eu that gets agreed . 
  the talks might fail or parliaments might vote against it . 
  uk has to be able to walk away for starters and has to make that clear at the start . 
   same the other way around i think . 
  i think with the trump question , keeping uk on good terms will be more important to the eu . 
  at the time we voted leave , we were assuming hillary . 
  the fact of trump makes a complex thing much more complicated ... 
   and brexit results were inside statistics error margin . 
  they were n't . 
  some polls were outside statistical error margin and when considered as a whole they were outside error margin . 
  until someone shows me why any of those things are harmful to human health , i am cool with them !, 
  ( actually , maybe not the bees stuff . 
  uk needs bees . ), 
   however , actively trying to get countries into signing these deals is n't really well-mannered . 
  i agree , it is very poorly mannered . 
  however , this does give the uk an opportunity . 
  in fact , i think that other than farage , most uk politicians are aware that we have to try to leave the eu in a well-mannered way , if that is possible . 
  i mean , i know that a lot of the eu thinks that voting leave was rude , but now that we are leaving the uk has to convince the eu that we are basically on the same side as the eu . 
  we want to support you with things like trade , defence , intelligence sharing and so forth . 
  if you let us be good neighbours , we would like to be that . 
  but that does mean the eu being prepared to give the uk a good fta . 
  edit :  do not think that you will finish a trade deal with the us under the first four years of trump . 
  i think we could sort one out as us congress is currently very pro uk free trade and uk government has very good links there . 
  trump will be the difficulty ... 
   i do think a lot of it has to do with genuinly being fed up with any form of the political and economical establishment , after feeling we have been lied to by them for decades . 
  there is a lot of accuracy in what you have written . 
  note that the campaign director of vote leave recently wrote an interesting blog post , explaining why leave won , and he shared a lot of your opinions . 
   and they do need to fucking wake up and really start making changes . 
  personally i think that brexit will be the wake up . 
  if we had voted remain , they might have stayed asleep . 
  if brexit does not wake them up , nothing will . 
  this is why i think brexit is not just good for the uk but for europe too . 
  i am a neo-liberal and fine with most of these things . 
  i suspect that the uk will move to gm agriculture pretty soon after leaving the eu . 
   the idea of reviving the anglosphere comes from the nationalist or nativist spectrum of british politics . 
  no , it did n't . 
  wanting close links with anglosphere countries is not nativist or nationalist . 
   the guy that killed joe cox shouted `` britain first '' , but then according to you that could never have happened . 
  that guy was a racist . 
   the issue i see for your country ( as well as mine ) is that trump might want to make his offer deliberately incompatible with the eu 's demands towards us . 
  i do n't think he will do this , because the uk is likely to negotiate with the eu and the us in parallel and we will make it very clear that we want to make agreements with both . 
  i do n't know what demands that the eu will have towards the uk , but the uk will not accept anything that stops the uk making trade deals around the world . 
  it is the most complex negotiation that humanity has ever seen , so we will see . 
   that 's why i 'm now more and more convinced that building a new bloc that is both european but not subservient to the eu is getting crucial uk joining efta has always been my strong preference . 
  unfortunately i am not sure if it will be a priority for the uk . 
   what is fair for us may not be fair for uk , and vice-versa . 
  alternatively it might be fair for both the uk and the us . 
   the second needs some actual facts to back it up though truci . 
  [ there are very few studies of this that i have seen , but this one is interesting . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2013/05/15/a-fascinating-map-of-the-worlds-most-and-least-racially-tolerant-countries/?utm_term=.7c55bf8d6149 ) this implication that brits voted leave because they are racist is very upsetting . 
  there were huge numbers of ethnic minorities voting leave in the uk . 
   to consider your own interest first is not even racist . 
  no , i agree . 
  however , your earlier post said `` anglosphere economic bloc built on ethnicity '' and `` eu , with its experience in multi-ethnic cooperation '' . 
  note that anglosphere countries are mainly extremely ethnically diverse and are mainly among the least racist countries in the world . 
   i am not worried . 
  i am anticipating trump will bend you backwards with the trade deal : i do n't expect so . 
  i think it is in us interests and uk interests for there to be a fair deal . 
   someone should have told the british that they could just have struck their own deals without the eu hahaha !, 
  however , if his point is that the usa would be prepared to do a trade deal with individual european countries but not the eu , that would be interesting . 
  it now seems like uk will have a deal with both eu and us while they might not have a deal with each other . 
  its a funny world , i guess . 
   think a new anglosphere economic bloc built on ethnicity anglosphere countries are among the least racist countries in the world . 
  do n't worry about us , we are fine . 
   that 's for 2017 during which the uk will still functionally be in the single market yes and that fact has not changed since the imf made its prediction in 2016 . 
  the point is that in the last quarter of 2016 the uk economy did much better than anyone thought . 
   however the projection for 2018 has been reduced by 0.3 . 
  when we will still be in the single market ...  all in all uk is doing a little better than expected but the article exaggerates this . 
  no , it is doing much better than expected . 
  the difference between predictions and outcome has been massive . 
  a 0.4 % upgrade is much larger than the imf did for any other country . 
   your opinion on trump not a fan , but he is going to be the potus so we will simply have to deal with him ( and there are some advantages that we should take advantage of )  about nato i think his remarks about nato were very poorly made and i would have preferred a much clearer commitment to nato from him . 
  however , his point that other nato states should contribute more is essentially fair .
