  it does n't change the fact that we are your most important market . 
  the rest of the world is more important than the rest of europe . 
  if the uk has to choose between the two , it makes sense to choose the former and not the latter . 
  with each year that passes , the uk becomes less and less integrated into european trade . 
   and well , you do need these political structures in order to get the level of access you have right now . 
  it 's simply part of the deal , whether you like it or not . 
  the deal is not a good deal . 
  trade of itself does not require a political structure like the eu has . 
  the eu has an anthem , a flag and all kinds of other things that are nothing to do with trade . 
  if you need so sign up for these things to get the level of access that the uk has , the uk should politely reject the deal ( as i hope we do ) . 
  in the long run , the single market is not a sensible concept . 
   i would love to see how a country like yours develops outside the eu . 
  yet i also want you to remain . 
  you must believe the uk will suffer . 
  otherwise , what is the point of the eu . 
  what problem is the eu solving ? 
  your post reminded me an interesting metaphysical poem by john donne , [ one of our finest 17th century poets . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_donne ) [ `` no man is an island , entire of itself . 
  each is a piece of the continent , a part of the main . 
  if a clod be washed away by the sea , europe is the less . 
  as well as if a promontory were . 
  as well as if a manor of thine own or of thine friend 's were . 
  each man 's death diminishes me , for i am involved in mankind . 
  therefore , send not to know for whom the bell tolls , it tolls for thee . '' ], 
  ( http://www.famousliteraryworks.com/donne_for_whom_the_bell_tolls.htm ) do n't ask who the bell is ringing for . 
  it is proclaiming europe 's own death . 
  the crises it is facing now are on a whole different scale from those of two decades ago . 
  it will survive it can go back to being an organisation promoting trade . 
  if it tries to become a federal country it will collapse completely . 
   do n't like it vote different dudes in the office next time . 
  the different dudes that get voted in are not going be to be nice very guys . 
  it would be better for the current dudes to listen to the people . 
   that referendum would mean the end of the eu . 
  the eu is already finished . 
  the titantic is about to hit the iceberg . 
  at this point we are simply discussing the way the deckchairs should be facing , whereas what we should be discussing is whether we have enough lifeboats . 
  it sounds like you made a principled decision which is admirable !, 
   but i 've been witness to the uglier side of human nature in city all too often . 
  i agree , the uglier side of human nature can be very evident in the city and it is not for everyone . 
  hopefully you found the experience as a whole a positive one or at least a learning one . 
  if you ever come back i will buy you a drink as an apology on behalf of the city ... 
   i could actually say the same about antwerp , rotterdam and frankfurt really . 
  antwerp and rotterdam are great cities , but not global financial centres . 
  frankfurt is ranked 18th as a global financial centre . 
  it just does not compare with london . 
  very good article . 
  trade is global not european . 
  you do n't need to share political structures to trade . 
  the uk needs to leave the eu urgently . 
  i was also talking about the financial sector , when i mentioned the meritocratic and global work environment . 
  we can not separate the actual physical city from the financial sector , because they are connected . 
  the physical city , with its peculiar architecture , weird winding streets and funny churches all mixed in with modern glass towers and strangely shaped buildings is a consequence of ( i ) the uk 's long global tradition , ( ii ) its stable political culture and ( iii ) the uk 's flexible , pragmatic and organic approach to letting a system develop by itself . 
  these things are exactly what has made the financial sector want to be there . 
  this was probably done by the ukrainians . 
  it seems that the way ukraine treats animals was one of the big issues in the referendum ... / s, 
   city of london is not in london . 
  it 's not in the uk . 
  it 's not even in the eu . 
  it 's in a netherworld where whoever has the most money gets to make the rules . 
  rules which apply only for the poor saps in the real world . 
  you should come and visit . 
  parts of the city are very beautiful , reflecting its own unique history . 
  it is also the most meritocratic and global work environment in the world and an illustration of globalisation . 
   the gloves could come off when dealing with london banks . 
  not that i believe the eu had the guts , though be careful what you wish for . 
  taking the gloves off would have all kinds of consequences for the rest of the eu , that would be very difficult to predict . 
  different countries within the eu would be impacted in different ways . 
   and no defund of exit campaign ? 
  that 's not very unbiased , is n't it ? 
  seeing how there are sizable taxpayers belong to team remain . 
  there are tax payers belonging to both teams . 
  we definitely do n't deserve it !!!, 
  finance is global not european . 
  city will prosper outside the eu . 
  high skilled workers do come to the uk . 
   we know they like you . 
  but france , seriously ? 
  i know . 
  at first i thought maybe they just have terrible taste , but then i realised they liked us . 
  it must be something else ... 
   i do n't understand why you present this as a certainty : it 's impossible to say what legislations will be created in the future , it 's hard enough to know who will be in power . 
  yes , it would become a democratic decision made by the government of the day from time to time . 
  but i suspect that most british people would want to treat people on the basis of skills , rather than give priority to unskilled people from the eu as we do now . 
  it would be weird to do otherwise . 
   do you really not understand that the reasons for your immigration levels are that english is your official language and that you 've got jobs opportunity ? 
  yes , i do understand those things . 
  however , this one guy 's own individual anecdotal experience is just that . 
  it does n't change the big picture . 
  people want to come to the uk . 
   your original comment made it seem as if leaving the eu will automatically ensure a `` sensible immigration policy '' . 
  it wo n't . 
  obviously it is not automatic . 
  however , it is , in my view , in the long run likely , as we gradually disentangle from the eu . 
  the people that will be in charge of the uk 's immigration policy will be the uk parliament . 
  they will be subject to the views of the electorate . 
  people like me who want a fair immigration policy will of course have to argue for it , using the democratic process . 
  of course there is a risk that some british people will want to maintain our current unfair immigration policy and there is a chance that i will not win the argument . 
  however , the good thing about parliament being in charge is that we will be able to change parliament when we get sick of it . 
  that is the beauty of leaving the eu . 
  it empowers the people .
