  therefore it is not a benefit of eu membership . 
  these are examples of harm to your country , not benefits to the uk . 
   but you are n't from the uk are you ? 
  it is odd how some people hate the uk but still want to live in the uk . 
   yeah , but non-membership while staying in the single market ( `` norway model '' ; doubt brits would want that ) , a bundle of bilateral agreements to the same effect ( `` switzerland model '' ; which the eu would never accept another of ) , a free trade agreement ( `` south korea model '' ) or just `` out '' ( say , `` brazil model '' ; weather not included ) . 
  the uk will go for the uk model . 
  however , what it is depends on negotiations which will take place after the referendum . 
  i thought galicia wanted into celtics rather than into nordics/germanics ... 
  the key point to note here is that finance is a ultimately global thing rather than a national thing or a european thing . 
  in the future , it is going to become ever more global as new internet based technology allows for a more efficient meeting between lenders and borrowers . 
  to the extent that american banks start offering `` covenant lite '' deals to european corporates , european banks will have to give up on `` covenant tite '' or risk being shut out of the markets . 
  after all , if you are a european borrower it makes no sense to seek funds only from the european markets if you can get better cost of capital elsewhere . 
  equally , if you are a european lender , it makes no sense to limit yourself only to european investments if you can get better returns elsewhere . 
  in my view this is the key failure of the european commission 's `` capital markets union '' proposals . 
  it is not ambitious enough . 
  it is right to try and ensure that lenders and borrowers within the eu have access to financial markets across the entire eu , but it makes even more sense to try and ensure that this is a global effort . 
  any attempts to create a european capital market that is from a regulatory perspective cut off from the rest of global capital would have very unfortunate consequences for european lenders and borrowers and the eu just can not afford to make mistakes here . 
  london is uniquely placed to benefit from the globalisation of finance and must seize this opportunity with both hands and set out to be the centre of global finance . 
  the eu must not seek to limit london 's ambition here and there are risks that this is what the eu is trying to do . 
  the rest of the world is bigger than europe . 
  churchill knew this which is why he told de gaulle that every time britain had to `` decide between europe and the open sea , it is always the open sea that we shall choose . '', 
   it 's all about relatively size . 
  do you think cameron drops more urgent domestic matters from his agenda when there 's a visit from the belgian pm ? 
  if he would prioritize that meeting over visiting a disaster area when there 's for example a big flood somewhere , he 'd get crucified in the british press . 
  i think belgium is important , even if it is smaller than the uk . 
  there is a special bond between the uk and belgium that will continue forever , belgians will never forget ypres and the british joining the war and the commoration of this at menin gate and british people will always remember this too . 
  the germans did not believe that the british would honour the 1839 london treaty to protect belgium 's neutrality . 
  at the time some people in the uk argued that the uk should stay out of the war : joining it meant that we lost the empire , and lost the lives of a generation . 
  however , i think we were right to fight . 
  international politics is more than size alone . 
  some things are just too important , these include national democracy and the sovereignty of a country like belgium . 
  the uk does not want trade to continue as normal . 
  the uk wants to be able to get free trade agreements by itself . 
  if every other country in the world is capable of this , so is the uk . 
  iceland put in place a fta with china : so can the uk . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
   because thats how it worked for other countries so far that arent in the eu but want free trade !, 
  actually , that 's not the case . 
  there are many countries in the world that have free trade with the eu but are n't bound by the rules ( except in relation to that trade ) . 
  this is the deal that south korea has . 
  i think it makes sense for the uk too . 
  belgium = ( netherlands + france ) / 2 go figure !, 
   an older female colleague of mine used to work directly for a commissioner ( not even the president ) back in the nineties , and she says it is pretty confronting to see the un secretary-general boutrous-boutros ghali or pms from non-euro countries quietly sitting and waiting on a little wooden chair for hours until the commissioner found the time to meet them . 
  this kind of attitude is a good explanation for why the eu generally and the eurozone in particular are currently enduring such problems . 
   but still rather high when compared to other european states . 
  the austerity idea is present across europe , not just in the eurozone . 
  which ones ? 
  separately , austerity in the uk comes as a result of government policy in which the extent of austerity is a key issue . 
  governments in the uk have the ability to increase spending or reduce spending as they want . 
  in the eurozone , because the fiscal compact contains an agreement on debt : gdp ratio , there is a limit to what governments can do . 
  personally i prefer the extent of austerity to be something that we discuss in our elections , not something that is now effectively off the table ( as it is in the eurozone ) . 
  perhaps you prefer the latter . 
  norwegian and icelandic fishing industries do great without the eu though . 
  this is certainly something that the uk should have power over . 
   like the lisbon treaty ? 
  if french policy makers continue to ignore french people there will be problems . 
  take some advice from your friendly outremanche neighbours . 
  you are much more idealistic than we are , much more revolutionary . 
  you need to work out what the french people want . 
  i am not sure that you are doing that . 
  you are making problems for yourselves . 
   like that ever stopped policy makers . 
  are n't you naive . 
  would france have a referendum ? 
  i think they might . 
  i also think france might vote `` non '' . 
  this will certainly be a consideration for policy makers . 
   are we talking about policies or are we speculating about referendums ? 
  we 're doing both . 
  the french government will be changing most likely . 
  we need to work out what sarko 's policy is too . 
  we also need to work out if a referendum is required by french law etc. 
  i also think we need to worry that the dutch might say no . 
  dutch euscepticism is very high . 
   greece would have to exit probably . 
  the political and economic consequences of this would be incredible . 
   seems like both germany and france want a fiscal union . 
  when the german and french voters find out that a fiscal union means more taxes going to other countries , they will start to change their minds . 
  i ca n't see this passing a referendum in france . 
   you can attribute many things to the eu but peace is not one of them the eu is a consequence of peace rather than a cause of peace . 
   at some point fiscal unification will have to be done . 
  this will have to be done by the entire eurozone though . 
  so , when you say that maybe a smaller union is better , it will have to include all the countries that are currently in the eurozone ( and , when they join , the countries that are required to join ) . 
  so it does n't look much smaller to me . 
   i 'd say eu is great at guarding the democracy . 
  in the uk , democracy is undermined by the eu rather than guarded . 
  this is why the uk should leave the eu , to protect our democracy . 
   so uk is in favor of free movement for romanians and bulgarians ? 
  the uk government does not treat romanians and bulgarians any differently from other eu citizens . 
  france , meanwhile , seems to be trying to keep romania and bulgaria out of schengen . 
  personally i hope that when the uk leaves the eu we put in place a new immigration policy that allows immgration on the basis of factors such as skills and infrastructure rather than nationality . 
   it is a symbolic problem for the eu . 
  agreed . 
  hopefully it will force the eu to radically change . 
   you think that countries like germany , the dutch , france will be happy that the uk leaves ? 
  for the germans and dutch it will be seen as a disaster . 
  but the question about how to recreate the relationship is almost impossible to predict !, 
   i have to call merkel to hash out the plans germany will not accept a `` smaller union '' , even if it what france wants . 
  the eu has now become a * crise existentielle * for france . 
  france thought that the eu would be france writ large .
