  giving 16 year olds a vote in this referendum is arbitrary . 
  why not ten year olds ? 
  giving eu citizens a vote is also arbitrary . 
  we do n't give them a vote in our parliamentary elections . 
  the franchise was extensively discussed in parliament and our legislature decided what the franchise should be . 
  52 % is a better result than 48 % . 
   it is pretty clear that ` soft ' means staying in the single market the leave side and the remain side both argued that leaving the eu would mean leaving the single market . 
  people voted for this . 
  there is no easy means of staying in the single market if we leave the eu unless we accede to the efta treaty and then sign the eea agreement . 
  there is no mandate to do this . 
   the topic of the customs union was barely ( if at all ) brought up during the campaign . 
  no , it was extensively brought up . 
  you might not have followed it closely . 
   which several leavers explicitly ruled out leaving the single market - either in person ( farage ) or in their manifestos ( conservatives ) . 
  the conservatives did not explicitly rule out leaving the single market in the event that we voted to leave the eu . 
   advisory referendum ; it would be completely unacceptable for the government and parliament to ignore the advice that the british people gave . 
  fortunately the house of commons and the government accept the advice that the british people gave them . 
   questioning the result of the referendum and the referendum itself is not against the values of '' ` liberal democracy '' ' ; i am not sure what you mean by questioning the result . 
  the result is a fact . 
  you are entitled to your own opinions , but not your own facts . 
  you might not have wanted the referendum to have taken place , but a majority of british people did and a majority of our mps did and they passed legislation for it to take place . 
   unless the ballot was actually 52 pages long and i just happened to skim super fast , the ballot did not vote for a ` hard brexit ' ; the terms `` hard brexit '' and `` soft brexit '' are not helpful unless they are defined . 
  there is no mandate to keep us in the customs union any more than there is a mandate for us to leave it . 
   as opposed to the same ignorant crowd that only shouts in a debate , or does n't want a dialogue , but a monologue , at the end of which supposedly everyone must agree with them , or else they 're a remoaner who needs to ` get over it u lost ' the people who won the referendum quite obviously expect us to leave the eu . 
  that is what happens in a liberal democracy . 
  the government respects the result and also the people that lose the referendum respect the result . 
  because the government 's job is to do what the people tell them to do . 
  also congrats to poland - i watched a lot of it and their athletes did great . 
  from the uk perspective it was fantastic seeing laura muir set championship records in the 1500 and 3000 , incredible achievement over three days . 
   absolutely not . 
  if there was demand for imports , then the farmers would not have exported . 
  the corn laws put the price of bread above the price which consumers in ireland could afford . 
  once the corn laws were repealed , bread prices fell in ireland . 
  it kind of was our fault because of the corn laws . 
  i probably did n't express myself clearly , but i did n't mean to imply that tusk did not have a political background . 
  i am also not saying that there is no political angle at all to the euco president job , just that it is way way less political than being a head of government . 
  realistically it is very difficult to enforce sovereign debt . 
  however , if any creditors went to court in england then a creditor could get a judgment against greece . 
  the problem is most of greece 's assets are in greece , so if greece is not going to co-operate , there is not much you can do . 
   what 's stopping greece from unilaterally saying , we convert it to the new currency and that 's it ? 
  greece can do what it wants unilaterally , but the governing law for a lot of greek debt is english law . 
  the courts of england would not accept change in currency . 
  thus , from a legal perspective , the debts would still be in euro . 
   you think that once article 50 gets triggered things well calm down a bit . 
  no , once article 50 is triggered things will become a bit less calm , 
  if the eu does not believe in free trade with the uk , the eu is basically a failure . 
  in his capacity as euco president he is mainly a co-ordinator / mediator . 
   if you got free stuff and you threw it away , would you expect to get other free stuff ? 
  if i am planning on giving some free stuff away , yes . 
   an handful of percentage switched . 
  i feel like it can hardly be called a great shift it is also probably the case that there was differential turnout , i.e. 
  nationalists were more motivated to vote than unionists . 
  switching tends not really to happen in northern irish politics . 
   but the eu wo n't make any deal with you where the eu is n't main beneficiary the point of free trade deals is that both sides benefit . 
   you told me to remove my post . 
  you asked me what you should do and you suggested that you should remove your post . 
  i agreed with your suggestion . 
  if you did n't want me to agree with your suggestion , i am a bit surprised you made that suggestion . 
  yes , my opinion is that it is not kind to tell people to ignore other people who simply want the rules to be followed . 
   correct procedure was to report it to a mod , not to take it into your own hands - for someone who is stringent on the rules , maybe you should take a little more care . 
  there is no rule saying that you ca n't tell people that they should follow the rules . 
   thank you for your kind words  it is n't kind to suggest ignoring people who want the rules to be followed . 
   he 's not a mod , and he 's not handling this in the appropriate way for a user to handle a rule-breaking post . 
  i did handle it in the appropriate way . 
  it was clearly an editorialised post . 
  he was not aware of the rules so i referred him to the rules . 
  now he knows the rules which is great . 
  i suggest you delete the post and submit again without editorialising the title . 
  if you ca n't delete it , contact the mods and they will kindly delete it for you . 
  many thanks in advance . 
   i summarised my impression of article for an international demographic - as i felt the title was specific to irish readers of this irish-focused paper , should that be against the rules as you have informed i am happy to cease and desist . 
  the title was already sufficiently clear for this sub . 
  please check the rules on editorialising tiles , which are also very clear and state `` use the original title of the article , or add text from the byline or the first paragraph where necessary ( for clarity ) . 
  refrain from including your opinion within the title or arbitrarily emphasizing selective segments '' . 
  you did editorialise . 
  the title of the article you linked to is not `` brexit will be a catalyst for irish reunification - eu will support '' , but `` world view : brexit may force re-evaluation of irish unity '' . 
  please check the rules on editorialising titles and refrain from doing it . 
   more likely is that we 'll link this payment to a fair and prompt trade deal with the eu . 
  if you need to pay for the deal , it is not a free trade deal . 
   europe is stronk you might not be aware , but you are breaching the rules of this sub by editorialising a title . 
  there is n't really any line . 
  i do n't think there will be agreement among the member state governments for mogherini . 
  some of the ee member states consider her to be too russophile . 
  if tusk goes i do n't think the next one will be a pole . 
  there will be a perceived need for someone from another nation . 
  i do n't really have a problem with tusk as he seems to be a competent technocrat and basically inoffensive which is basically what eu council president should be . 
  if not tusk , who ? 
  eu also has to renegotiate its wto schedules . 
  uk and eu are in the same position in relation to wto . 
   party-list proportional representation is like ultra-fast and not that exciting to watch on election night . 
  yeah , we had that for eu elections when we used to be in the eu  it was fairly predictable how many seats each party would get !, 
   only down side is it 's not nearly as exciting as watching an election night . 
  agree !, 
  fptp is brutal and tense on election night ... 
   on men 's day . 
  do men have a day ? 
  ukip supports nato and uk spending 2 % on military as per nato . 
  in the uk conservatives , lib dems and labour all also support nato . 
  snp did not used to support nato , but now they do . 
  green party do not have a policy on nato .
