  lagarde did n't really peddle b/s about the uk economy . 
  she has more or less been on the same page as osborne from the start . 
  there have been some hiccups , but the imf has tended to be more praiseworthy of the uk economy than many other eu economies . 
  none of the spitzenkandidat are acceptable to london . 
  out of all of them i think london prefers juncker . 
  lagarde is much better known than van rompuy and also appears to have a more obvious agenda . 
  i think she 'd do a better job than him as council president , but i would prefer her in the commission . 
  if lagarde gets it that would be considered a good result in london . 
  lagarde has a good relationship with the current uk government and is seen as being sympathetic and pragmatic to uk concerns . 
  britain is not more similar to countries like spain and italy than it is to countries like australia and canada . 
  personally i think that a world government would be too remote from the governed . 
  i also think human progress partly comes through competition among nations . 
  so i 'd definitely not ever vote to be part of that . 
  yes , the line between the british demos and the european demos is in someways arbitrary . 
  it comes down to subjective ideas of culture and things like history . 
  but just because these things are partly subjective , it does n't mean they are any less important . 
  the common law and civil law are very different legal traditions and each has its merits . 
  is it chauvinism to prefer one to the other . 
  many civil lawyers prefer their system and argue their case about its merits . 
  i do n't think calling people chauvinists helps . 
  do continental europeans actually like us ? 
  will they stop liking us once we leave the eu ? 
  maybe our government saw how we voted in the eu elections ? 
  just a thought . 
  if you want eu to be federal , it makes sense to do it without the uk . 
  the uk is never going to be part of it . 
  there is just too much public opposition to it . 
  it is time , as the article suggested , for the eu and the uk to part company . 
  we will both be happier . 
  why would you think he is a chauvinist ? 
  i think it is n't funny at all . 
  us brits have tried civic nationalism with a variety of nations , enjoyed it for 300 years and worked out what our limits are . 
  also , is a less exclusionary civic natiomaliam better ? 
  and if so , why are n't you trying to federalise with morocco ? 
   er , that is a significant difference , not just some `` polite face '' . 
  it means one `` nationalism '' is by definition more open ( or less exclusionary ) and civic in character . 
  in the uk , nationalism is already civic . 
  we have had multi-cultural nationalism for centuries with english , welsh and scottish being part of the same state . 
   a new flag ? 
  a new anthem ? 
  they already have a flag and an anthem so i expect they will keep the same ones . 
  personally i do n't understand the need for an eu flag or anthem . 
   this already happens in several federal states - the uk being one of them - and this pretty much mostly works . 
  the uk is not federal : all power is ultimately vested in the uk parliament . 
  it seems a bit like a federation , but it is n't really . 
  perhaps one day it will become one . 
  edit - thanks for the downvote !, 
   i really hope that britain wo n't leave the eu . 
  sadly , currently they are the only significant eurosceptic nation in the union and with their departure eu will slide heavily towards federalization and eventually towards european superstate , which i am not certain is the best outcome for the european continent . 
  that 's why it is surprising that eufederalists are n't also campaigning for a brexit . 
  once the uk leaves , their dream becomes a reality . 
  if there are others that do n't want federalism and a superstate , they need to speak up now and not hide behind the uk !, 
  the world is more global than ever before and in an interent age geographical proximity is less relevant than ever before . 
  the uk may have some shared history and values with europe , but it also has shared history and values with many other places in the world . 
  for these reasons it does n't really convince a lot of brits that it necessarily makes sense to support the eu . 
   ( i used to sit in that camp myself ) what happened to you ? 
   i 'm pro-eu if you ask me if there is a need for a strong european international organization . 
  why do you want there to be a strong european organisation though ? 
  why should it be europe that is divided rather than some other way of dividing the world ? 
  why not a strong europe + africa organisation ? 
  or a strong nordic organisation ? 
  or a strong anglophone organisation ? 
  my point is that who you want in your organisation is ultimately very arbitrary . 
  i want my organisation to be the uk , you want yours to be the eu . 
  we both have conditions and the conditions are very similar and for very similar reasons . 
  i want a strong uk organisation and you want a strong european organisation , but we are essentially the same, 
   are the french and the british peeved for the same reasons though ? 
  i agree with your analysis , but ultimately these two different reasons are inevitably going to end up in the same position . 
   i call nationalism reactionary and conservative because that 's what the world is mostly divided in at present and in the past . 
  people take a conservative point of view when they defend the current reality/institutions being good as is now , reactionary prefer how it was in the past , and progressives ( or radicalists ) strife towards an ideology that did not yet exist . 
  in my mind it does n't make sense to use such different words `` reactionary '' and `` progressive '' about two groups of people that are essentially similar . 
  one group wants to keep the current divisons and the other group wants some new divisions instead . 
  i 'm an eusceptic and you are ( i think ) an eufederalist . 
  but really we 're very similar indeed . 
   reactionary and conservative nationalists would say that you ca n't make unity with people that have different languages , while eufederalists believe you can . 
  so yeah , it is different it is n't different , it 's the same . 
  eusceptics believe that you can have unity with people whose language is english and welsh , but not people whose language is catalan or swedish . 
  eufederalists believe you can have unity with people whose language is danish or greek , but not with people whose language is japanese or urdu . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that one of these positions is cosmopolitan and progressive but the other is reactionary and conservative . 
  these positions are fundamentally the same . 
   something like shpetsankhandedat i can just about get my head around `` kandidat '' being `` khandedat '' , but i absolutely refuse to add an `` h '' to `` spitzen '' . 
   but it was the issue and not the opinion i do n't know what you mean by this . 
   it is the `` nationalism = federalism '' stand he makes that i oppose myself to i agree with him . 
  eufederalists are fundamentally equivalent to eusceptics . 
  federalism does largely equal nationalism , provided that your concept of nationalism is a civic one , ( as is common among eusceptics in the uk ) . 
  we both think that the functional state can be made up of different nations . 
  we just disagree with which nations we want to have in our state . 
  edit after your edit :  nationalism bases itself on cultural cohesion , while eufederalism argues for multiculturalism in an european context , which is less restricted . 
  both euscepticism and eufederalism want the functioning state to be culturally cohesive . 
  an eufederalist thinks that the culturally cohesive state can include the french , the italians and the germans , but not the moroccans or the tunisians and mostly likely not the turks either . 
  the ( for example , british ) eusceptic thinks the culturally cohesive state can include the english , the welsh and the scottish , but not the french , the germans or the italians . 
  these positions are essentially identical . 
  its just a difference of degree , not a real fundamental difference in kind . 
   the issue is identity , aka `` who is ` us ' ? '', 
  so ofcourse that implies borders that separate the ` us ' to the ` them ' , but that 's the issue not the opinion . 
  and this is essentially equivalent to what / u/mallardtheduck wrote :  the only `` difference '' is what the `` nation '' is . 
  eufederalism and euscepticism are fundamentally similar . 
  they both agree that there should be borders separating `` us '' from `` them '' . 
  there 's no inherent reason why there should n't be borders between the uk and france but there should be borders between spain and morocco . 
  these positions are not opposite , they are identical .
