  the election could have significant ramifications on the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  cameron has promised an in/out referendum in 2017 , if he wins the poll . 
  some members of the public have praised the advert , while others have accused farage of just doing it for money . 
  as you know , and as pointed out in the op 's post , the uk and denmark have no legal obligation to join the euro . 
  your post seems to confuse the legal obligations of countries which have an opt-out with countries that do n't have am opt-out . 
  of course it is reasonable for the uk and denmark to be in the eu and outside the euro : it would be absurd if were unreasonable to fully comply with legal obligations . 
  it sounds like you do think that some countries are better than others . 
  by saying that for countries in the eu joining the euro is a moral obligation , you are saying that those countries in the eu that have joined the euro ( like greece and portugal ) are morally superior , on this measure , than denmark and the uk . 
  given the way your country has been destroyed by the euro , i find this belief surprising . 
  i think we can call this one a tie ... 
  we beat you in the ppp list though ... 
  if you were actually committed to security , you would be prepared to pay for it . 
  setting up a common security and defence policy is pointless if some nato countries , like yours , do n't pay their share . 
  there is no `` should '' in relation to the euro . 
  the euro is not some moral imperative . 
  countries in the euro are not better than countries not in the euro . 
  there are simply legal obligations ( the uk has no legal obligations ) and there are economic realities ( and we have seen the economic reality of the euro ) . 
  as for free movement , the uk strikes me as exemplary . 
  hundreds of thousands of eu nationals from the rest of the eu move to the uk every year . 
  schengen does not seem to stop people ... 
  yes - the uk 's relationship with the usa is an important one . 
  however , it would be ridiculous both politically and economically to join a currency union with the usa . 
  ( currency unions do n't work without full political union . ), 
  hypocrisy is claiming to have some higher values or beliefs than is the case . 
  that 's not appropriate here . 
  you can have a single market without a common currency . 
  one does not imply the other . 
  you can have free movement without being in schengen . 
  the uk takes seriously wanting to be in a secure world - this is why the uk is one of the very few european nations committed to meeting its nato targets for military spending . 
  those countries that do n't meet that requirement are being hypocritical . 
  once you adopt the turkish lira . 
  i think you need to check the meaning of hypocrisy . 
  wanting free trade without the euro is not it . 
  i also hope never , but would compromise with the year 3014 . 
  or maybe that is still too soon ... 
  i 've no idea what you mean by the general rule though . 
  i 'm not sure what a `` normal european '' means here ... 
  militant tendency did best i think - by getting some way towards infiltrating the labour party . 
  but setting up a new party ? 
  crazy talk ... 
  did ireland just annex the uk ?!, 
  has it come to this ? 
  there was n't much in the italian press on this that i could find , but la stampa says that if you want to leave you can go anywhere in europe and ...  [ ... ti paga il comune : 1 ) viaggio di sola andata ; 2 ) prime spese di soggiorno 3 ) un corso di inglese ] ( http://www.lastampa.it/2014/09/22/italia/cronache/elmas-troppi-disoccupati-il-comune-paga-chi-emigra-allestero-n4nvanjwsf7mvbzfoc2gzk/pagina.html ) * the townhall will pay you ( 1 ) a single ticket , ( 2 ) initial expenses related to the move , ( 3 ) english lessons * let 's think about this . 
  you can go anywhere in europe and you get english lessons . 
  i wonder where you 're going to go ? 
  l'unione sarda was a bit more explicit with their coverage . 
  [ they helpfully included in their coverage a picture of big ben and the palace of westminster , just to avoid any confusion about what `` anywhere in europe '' might mean when it comes to looking for work ... ] ( http://www.unionesarda.it/articolo/cronaca_sardegna/2014/09/22/elmas_un_contributo_per_partire_a_favore_dei_giovani_senza_lavoro-6-387315.html ) ;-), 
  i must admit i found this article somewhat delusional . 
  while i think it is fairly likely that podemos are going to have a significant impact on spanish politics ( though i do n't think this has yet taken place ) , there is , in my view , zero chance of left unity making any impact on uk politics whatsoever . 
  if hard left parties like the socialist workers party or the communist party were not able to make any impact on uk politics during the 1980s at the heights of thatcherism or at the last general election in 2010 after a gigantic financial collapse and the government bailing out banks , then there is really no hope for them now at a time that the uk economy is growing again . 
   left unity has , on a very modest scale , at least shown that it is possible to build a credible and stable party with a membership of 2,000 people . 
  i mean , seriously ? 
  this is not a credible party at the moment . 
  i would be surprised if they are even on the ballot papers come next may . 
  the were an irrelevance at the european elections . 
  the first past the post system is very unforgiving to small parties as ukip and the green party find out . 
   i took a look , and there is no direct mention about the 60 % / 3 % rule . 
  just a sentence that say that the uk should have an equilibrate budget . 
  since i did n't wanted to find and read all of the articles mentionned in wich uk has on opt-out , i will consider that you are true for that point . 
  thanks - i checked the articles ... 
  i agree with your other points about france being in somewhat an unusual position here , with its deficit . 
  i have no idea how the european commission is going to solve this question . 
   the opt-out allow the uk to do n't apply to the euro , not do n't have limitation in public deficit , = . 
  no - this is not the case . 
  the uk also has an opt out of the limitation on public deficit . 
  as mentioned , take a look at protocol 15 of the tfeu . 
   i have serious doubts that a brexit will happen though , because like germany , england is one of the countries that are actually having a huge benefit from beeing in the eu . 
  the uk benefits from being in the single market ( though would benefit much more if the single market for services were completed ) . 
  if only there were a way of being part of the single market , without being part of the eu ... 
   the uk still has to respect the maastricht treaty , wich imply less than 60 % gdp of dept and less than 3 % of public deficits . 
  no , the uk has an opt-out of this . 
  see protocol 15 of the tfeu . 
   why are people on france 's case ? 
  correct me if i am wrong , but i understood that portugal , greece etc have their budget deficit targets individually negotiated with the commission and they are not in breach of these individual targets . 
  france is ( i think ) the only country that is in breach of the general target . 
  the difference is the uk did not agree to the fiscal compact , so is not subject to its rules . 
   but they wo n't have any money , because their own economies have been further destabilized by italy 's actions . 
  there 's the rest of the world out there - the parts of the world that are growing economically ( i.e. 
  almost everywhere in the whole world apart from the eurozone ) . 
  those parts of the world would be happy to buy italian products . 
   south european economies are incredibly fragile at the moment . 
  it 's idiocy to think that going rogue will not be catastrophic . 
  i agree that going rogue would be catastrophic in the short term . 
  people that propose eurozone exit are thinking that it would be beneficial in the long term ( though , as the article points out , not sufficient ) . 
  it is the least worst option . 
  i do n't think `` at the moment '' is a good way to describe southern european economies any more . 
  given that they have been incredibly fragile since 2008 , i think this crisis is now looking permanent and , in the long term , this will be even more catastrophic . 
  i 'm not convinced that there is anything anyone can to do make italy , greece , portual and spain competitive within the eurozone - the kinds of changes required will take generations , not years and i ca n't see serious political desire for this . 
  in the meantime northern europe ( germany , netherlands , austria , finland , luxemboug , belgium ) will have to commit to vast transfers of funds to southern europe and mutualisation of debts . 
  i do n't think they will want to do this . 
   who is going to buy italy 's exports ? 
  humans and companies who want cheap things ( i.e. 
  everyone ) . 
   they would unless they took on another nationality and all its unwanted consequences . 
  besides , their businesses would still be impacted , right to appeal in eu courts etc. . what are the unwanted consequences of having another nationality ? 
  in my mind there are only upsides . 
  as for businesses being impacted etc , that really depends on the arrangements made . 
  the eu currently has free trade arrangements with every european country other than belorussia . 
  i would have thought putting free trade arrangements in place with scotland would be very easy . 
   if and only if we opt not to make a rule on the situation .
