   then britons all over europe will be confronted with shitloads of new bureaucracy . 
  brits in europe are already confronted by a lot of bureaucracy ... that 's part of the deal with moving to europe !, 
  i lived in italy for several years and the amount of bureaucracy to pay my taxes was phenomenal !, 
  ( it made me understand why tax evasion is a problem in italy ... ) some countries will obviously be a lot more bureaucratic than others . 
  i think the netherlands will be one of the easier ones . 
  many non-eu nationals manage to move to the netherlands at the moment , so i expect that brits will manage ... 
   well , the cutting off of the diaspora in the uk would be a big factor . 
  pretty much everyone in their 20 's knows somone who went to london . 
  being forced to leave a sustainable life would create quite a political backlash from friends and families . 
  i 'd be surprised if visas were required between the uk and spain . 
  my strong expectation is that once the uk leaves the eu there will continue to be many spaniards that move to the uk for work ( as you say , so many spaniards have come here to work ) though hopefully the spanish economy will eventually improve so that young spanish people will not be forced abroad to work . 
  certainly , most of the spaniards who have already come here will be able to stay . 
  i also expect that those brits who own property in spain will be able to stay very easily . 
  what are those brits who are renting in spain doing ? 
  are they working ? 
  or are they retired and enjoying the paella the rioja and the sunshine and basically living among other brits ... ? 
   the labour party is pro-eu i guess , but they do n't like to remind people of that due to the fear of ukip . 
  the labour party used to be pro-eu . 
  [ in the labour party 's eu election manifesto they managed not to mention martin schulz once ] ( http://www.yourbritain.org.uk/uploads/editor/files/labour_party_euro_manifesto.pdf ) . 
  the uk labour party are in a completely different place on europe from all their sister parties in the rest of the eu . 
   i think there is also a complete disregard for what the route ukip wants to take will do for the millions of british living overseas . 
  by far the largest contingent of brits living elsewhere in the eu is the million brits who have bought real estate in spain to retire there . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , nothing will happen to these brits . 
  spain has just had one of the most severe real estate crashes ever . 
  if they send those million brits home , it is game over for spanish banks and i do n't think the german taxpayer is going to be that happy to bail them out . 
  actually , brits love this kind of stuff . 
  brits love eccentric things , and this is certainly in that category ... 
  as mentioned , without knowing anything about you , it is very hard to know how easy it will be for you to move to germany . 
  this is the case now , just as it will be the case once we brexit . 
  also , you did n't answer any of my questions . 
  do you speak german ? 
  what is your profession ? 
  do you have contacts in germany ? 
  have you worked there before ? 
  within knowing the answer to these questions , it is hard to know how easy it would be for you to move to germany . 
  no , i have n't said that . 
  i have said that the ease with which brits can work in germany wo n't much change . 
  germany 's need for british workers will not change much as a result of the uk leaving the eu . 
  the skill levels which brits have that are relevant to working in germany wo n't change much either . 
  which languages do you speak ? 
  what is your profession ? 
  do you already have the experience of having worked abroad ? 
  do you have contacts ? 
  the answer to these questions is currently the main driver of the ease you have in moving elsewhere in the eu . 
  this will still be the case when we leave the eu . 
  it will mostly depend on your skillset . 
  the ease of going to and from the uk will depend , like it does now , on where you want to go and what your skills are . 
  or was there some more specific question ? 
  look at countries like usa , canada , australia and new zealand . 
  they all have relatively high degrees of emigration and immigration . 
  the uk will be like them . 
  once outside the eu there will continue to be lots of movement in both directions , just as there is a lot of emigration from the uk to the rest of the world and from the rest of the world into the uk . 
  being outside the eu will not have a massive impact on that . 
  farage should have said yes . 
  the extra money is worth the downside in my view . 
  that 's what the legislature is for . 
  the job of the executive is to operate under the law . 
  philip hammond , as foreign secretary , is correct to consider the use of this law and its age is irrelevant as to that consideration . 
  i have become very accustomed to downvotes on this sub . 
  however , i am here for the debate not the votes !, 
  it can be a bit annoying , especially when people imply i am xenophobic . 
  the difficulty is that the treaties do not really , as they are currently written , allow for a more liberal approach by the european central bank . 
  thus , as a matter of law , the germans have the upper hand at the moment . 
  a new treaty is needed and this is going to be very difficult . 
  as for destruction of the french economy , i think that 's too bad . 
  germany have watched the destruction of the greek , spanish , italian and portugese economies and have not changed their policy . 
  this makes me thinks that they might not give in even for france . 
   although some labour mps spoke out against mr neil 's referendum bill during friday 's four hour debate , no votes were recorded against it as 283 mps voted in favour . 
  this is pretty interesting . 
  once again , not one elected british mp in the house of commons dares actually vote against this . 
  it is going to be interesting to see how the unelected labour and liberal democrat peers in the house of lords respond to this . 
  if they try and deny the will of the elected house of commons again , there will be a lot of anger . 
   i will immediatly add to this that every person , guilty or innocent , that gets wrongfully sentenced or acquitted is one person too many . 
  here i disagree a tiny bit . 
  in my mind a wrongful sentence is a much worse administration of justice than a wrongful acquital . 
  this is because of the presumption of innocene and the onus being on the state to prove guilt , rather than the other way round . 
   if simple statistics would prove that the abolition of jury administration of justice will result in say 1 less mistake in every 100 cases , that would already be worth it in my eyes . 
  i would be interested in research in this area , but i do n't think this is the type of thing that statistics would be able to prove very easily . 
   let me just limit that to : the uk ( for example ) should get rid of its jury system whenever this is reasonable . 
  i agree with you here . 
  however , i would also add to this that by the same logic we should say that the netherlands ( for example ) should adopt the jury system wherever reasonable . 
  the same balance between pragmatism and pursuit of justice works in both directions . 
   i can see ` why ' - and the idea behind it is inspiring - but present day value is mainly romantic instead of real . 
  i understand your argument here and i do n't pretend that the jury trial system is completely flawless . 
  i 'm also not saying that justice does not work well in other systems too , like the netherlands . 
  however , i am not convinced that getting rid of the jury system quickly in the uk would lead to a better system for us and for me that is really the test . 
  when we have had a system for coming up to a thousand years , that has been tried and tested by history , we should only get rid of it if we are absolutely sure that what we would replace it with would be better . 
  what we are doing is slowly limiting it to specific cases and working out better ways to give juries instructions and so forth . 
  this is just being pragmatic . 
  i think the dutch should be able to understand this way of thinking as you guys seem to be quite pragmatic too . 
   i never really got this ( seemingly ) irrational urge to be tried before a panel of lay persons , that in practice will never have enough judicial knowledge than a judge . 
  do n't you think that there are certain other advantages to a jury trial ? 
  do n't you think involving the public in the administration of justice is a way of enhancing trust in the law by the people and thereby giving it greater legitimacy ? 
  you might like to consider the history and origins of the jury system in anglo-saxon england . 
  the concept was that a person should not have his freedom removed just by the state , but that the his peers should have to consent to the removal of freedom too . 
  the law of the land was thus be something that belonged as much to the people as it did to the state . 
  the jury trial was an additional way of protecting people from the state . 
  ca n't you see why people might like this system ? 
   well , i believe it is best to finish this as we seem to have wildly different opinions with regard to both systems . 
  in my mind the purpose of a discussion is because people have different opinions .
