  agreed . 
  essentially what works politically does not work economically in the eu . 
  but this has been the story for a while - look at the eurozone . 
   says the guy that defend brexit as a good solution for the uk . 
  it has been fantastic for the uk . 
  obviously , not every country would be able to survive outside the eu but the uk can . 
  i think usa and canada also are in same category as uk here . 
  i agree , a lot of people in western europe do not really understand how much of a threat russia is . 
  however , i think that the uk does understand this . 
  i think that there is widespread opinion in the uk that it is fundamental to our interests to ensure that we treat nato seriously and recognise our obligations . 
  this means sending troops to baltics . 
   hold your horses . 
  the gdp growth is minimally better than expected but still a slowdown from the previous quarter . 
  saying that gdp of 0.5 in q3 is slower than gdp of 0.7 in q2 tells a very incomplete story ( you need to also consider gdp of 0.4 in q1 and gdp of 0.7 % in q42015 and gdp of 0.4 in q32015 ) . 
  the uk economy is currently performing in line with previous quarters . 
   the exports , which should have been the main driver of the growth , are actually down . 
  the manufacturing and construction are down , and the only positive is the local services industry , including movies and retail . 
  it does n't particularly matter if manufacturing is down if services are up . 
  in the long-run , the uk 's comparative advantage is in services after all . 
   and , most important , brexit did n't happen yet , so there is no source of adjsutment . 
  brexit is a process not an event . 
  we are part way through a process which has been very gradual up until now and will continue to be very gradual . 
  what is certain , though , is that we are leaving the eu . 
  yes , that is great . 
  i really mean it . 
  i am not being sarcastic . 
  i am strongly in favour of the uk government sending troops to baltics . 
  ensuring that the baltics stay within the sphere of western democratic peaceful nations is a key part of uk foreign policy . 
  the only thing that i expect in return is that estonia also contributes 2 % of its gdp to defence ( which it is ) and that estonia stays open to trade with the uk after we brexit . 
   they are coming here to avoid a conflict , not create one !, 
  exactly . 
  if we stayed at home the chances of conflict increase . 
  thanks , that is interesting . 
   citing bcc in 2015 : `` the bcc is upgrading its uk gdp growth forecast from 2.6 % to 2.7 % in 2015 , from 2.4 % to 2.6 % in 2016 - and introducing its first-ever forecast for 2017 at 2.6 % . '', 
  in 2015 the uk economy grew by 2.2 % , so it looks like the bcc forecast of 2.7 % was somewhat optimistic . 
  their prediction of 2.4 % ( later upgraded to 2.6 % ) for 2016 does not , at this stage , look like it will be out by a greater margin than their prediction for 2015 was out ( referendum notwithstanding ) . 
   the big difference is the projections for 2017 . 
  for 2017 the projections are down to 0.4-0 .8 % , for the whole year !, 
  it 'll be interesting to see if banks will make big adjustments if the last quarter also turns out positive . 
  this is crucial and will be interesting . 
  however , there are so many factors at play that are not directly related to the referendum ( like commodity prices , china , us elections , syria situation and so forth ) . 
  now that we are leaving i obviously would n't bother . 
  before we were leaving i would have voted for whoever would have trolled the eu the most . 
   economic forecasts are hardly an exact science and they get revised all the time . 
  i agree that economics is not an exact science . 
  but this means that people when listening to the opinions of economists , should have a healthy scepticism for them and not treat them as an exact science . 
  those economists who predicted that leaving the eu would be bad might be wrong . 
   it would n't given that the country in question destabilized the entire region economically the whole region is n't destabilised economically . 
  the countries that were growing economically before are still growing economically . 
  the ones that were doing shit are still doing shit . 
   supranational organizations at the scale of the eu are n't just things you can get in on and bail out of without repercussion . 
  the eu treaty has a specific process for leaving . 
  the whole organisation is designed so that countries who want to leave can . 
   the uk and it 's `` muh project fear '' campaign tried to paint the picture that everything would be fine economically while britain no longer had to deal with its eu obligations no - the remainers project fear was that the uk would not be able to cope outside the eu . 
  obviously , that was bullshit . 
   the us and eu will make sure that the british are n't given any leeway economically and are made to feel the impact of their decision . 
  the us and the eu really are not in a position to alienate peaceful friendly liberal democracies in the west that have been allies with them for decades . 
  pretending otherwise is nonsense . 
   do n't count on the eu giving the uk the same preferential treatment that they have in the past . 
  they can do what they want , but to the extent that they are protectionist , they will be harmed . 
   then the eu is well within their rights to punish and make an example out of the uk . 
  obviously the eu can do whatever the fuck it likes , but if it tries to harm a friendly , peaceful , liberal democracy on its doorstep it would be insane . 
   that said , the projections for the whole year of 2016 were between 2.6-3 .2 % by different banks do you have citations here ? 
  this is why the british public were right to have a healthy scepticism for the opinions of economists when it came to voting to leave the eu . 
   but i guess there is a feeling of relief in the uk now that the country can finally fund the nhs with the money they had to contribute to the eu . 
  personally i am strongly against giving a lot of extra funding to the nhs as that money is not used effectively . 
  however , i am hugely relieved that we are leaving the eu . 
  this is an exciting opportunity for the eu which , reflecting on the fact that a country has voted to leave it , can now decide what it really aims to do and be for , with full engagement with the voters . 
  hopefully it makes use of this wonderful chance . 
   because it fucks up the rest of eu rest of the eu is fine and doing great . 
  you do n't need help from us . 
  we believe in you !, 
   there must be consequences for this kind of behavior . 
  there will be great consequences for all of us . 
  brexit is a wonderful thing both for the uk and continental europe . 
  we will all benefit . 
  hopefully all nato allies will play their part in sending troops to baltics/poland . 
  any sign that the uk is shirking from its responsibility here and i will be very annoyed . 
   we will have to see how france develops following the next election . 
  continued * crise existentielle * is most likely or perhaps * revolution * . 
  i kid , i kid . 
  as you say , it might work . 
   the current problems are mainly caused by a significant imbalance of power between france and germany . 
  i think that it is more likely in the medium term that the imbalance increases than decreases . 
   if we elect a social democrat government at some point in the future , the relations could improve very rapidly . 
  personally i do n't think that changes much . 
  for the social democrats to be elected , they have to promise to be like the cdu/csu . 
  ( i think it is a bit like in the uk - the only way for labour to get elected is for them to be blairite - i.e. 
  soft tories . ), 
  i just can not see the german people electing a government that will do what is necessary to make the ez a success . 
  west germans already complain about sending money east . 
  wait until they are told that they have to send money south . 
   i for one would welcome it if italy was more active - it is n't good for the eu ( and neither for germany ) if we always get our way . 
  the long-term risk is that italy/france will just not agree with germany about what to do about the ez and that will just lead to permanent paralysis until eventually the voters can not take it any more and vote in a crazy . 
  obviously , this is not an immediate risk or by any means a certainty . 
  but it is currently incredibly hard to imagine a long-term course for the ez which is robust both on a political level and an economic level . 
  but , i guess that is why we come here to post - the future is uncertain and those who tell you that anything is inevitable are lying !, 
  everything is open to debate , particularly the future . 
   do you remember the `` no '' in france and the netherlands to the european constitutional treaty ? 
  well , years later , it happened under a different name .
