  if they ca n't see their cars , they make less profits !, 
  the cost of mercedes for brits will depend mainly on the relative value of the pound and the euro , which fluctuate against each other and other costs like transport . 
  these costs are not related to eu membership . 
   there is a strong case to be made that the inclusion of the uk with the eu ( or , hypothetically , even the euro ) is , and would be , extremely beneficial . 
  no thanks . 
  it would n't benefit the uk . 
   it would very probably still prosper outside the eu , but the quality of life would probably drop . 
  no , it would rise . 
   shit quality products would flood your market , like for instance having to buy fords instead mercedes . 
  germans are not going to stop wanting to export mercedes . 
  they will want to continue to export them . 
  it would be odd for germany , the pre-eminent exporting nation , to want to stop exporting . 
   you would n't have anymore an inflow of highly skilled and educated workers coming from developed countries such as italy or germany . 
  why not ? 
  is italy going to forbid italians working in the uk ? 
  that would be weird . 
  italy does n't stop italians going to work in australia and they are not in the eu . 
  the uk will be able to accept the amount of germans and italians needed for the british economy . 
   take a look at italy 's economy from 90s 'til today . 
  yes , it has been a total disaster . 
  as someone who used to live in italy it makes me very sad . 
   haha yes the invasion thing is not really relevant anymore , even for belgium . 
  but the difference is that belgium and the uk are way more influenced by the usa . 
  our countries ca n't become like switzerland simply because our different history . 
  just to clarify , i am not saying that the uk should be like a switzerland , for many reasons it will be completely different from switzerland . 
  the uk just is not a neutral country for starters !, 
  i 'm saying that there is more than one way of not being in the eu . 
   i just do n't see your dream uk happening . 
  leaving the eu wo n't make the us influence go away . 
  you will just be another relatively small anglophone country . 
  your shitty fptp system will remain . 
  labour and the conservatives will continue to be the only really relevant parties . 
  like hell they will implement direct democracy . 
  the uk will be a middle-sized anglophone country on the edge of europe but with a phenomenal history . 
  this is n't a bad thing . 
   your shitty fptp system will remain . 
  i like fptp . 
   like hell they will implement direct democracy . 
  we 're about to have a referendum on eu membership , which is extremely direct . 
   the murdoch 's will continue to expand their media empire . 
  public institutions will get privatized , your nhs will be dismantled . 
  i do n't read the murdoch press myself , however , i am glad we have a free press . 
  as for public institutions being privatised , this is irrelevant to eu membership . 
   no offence but the uk does n't look like a country someone should move to right now . 
  maybe you should tell that to the people that risk their lives every day desperate to get to the uk , who are currently living in calais in a shanty town ? 
  or the 250,000 people that immigrate to the uk every year ? 
  most people just want to work and that seems to be easy in the uk . 
   but germany , for example , would rather not risk losing spain and italy for example than gaining the uk . 
  why on earth would italy or spain leave the eu ? 
  they deeply love the eu , do n't they . 
  do n't they ? 
  obviously , in the event of a brexit , the reu will struggle to know how to respond . 
  it ca n't really be predicted what will happen . 
  however , in the long run , it ca n't be predicted what will happen if the uk stays in the eu , because the eu needs to urgently change anyway to deal with the ongoing eurozone crisis . 
  so uncertainty is not really a reason not to vote `` out '' . 
   yeah as there are many more countries outside the eu that have weakass economies . 
  it sounds like we are in agreement that there is no causal relationship between the eu and prosperity then , which is really the point i am making . 
   i 'm not saying that the union guarantees prosperity , but it did from the years following the end of wwii until few years ago . 
  we ca n't expect things to always go perfectly . 
  free trade , democracy and peace bring about prosperity . 
  i do n't think that the uk needs to be in the eu for these things as it would have them anyway . 
   i sincerly hope the uk does n't leave the eu though . 
  i hope the uk does leave the eu . 
  afterwards , the reu can become a federation . 
   i very hope not anyway . 
  in a divorce , both party always end up losing , so it must be done only when there is no other way to deal with the issue . 
  and i 'm pretty sure uk is still benefiting from the eu , or it would have left long ago . 
  not really . 
  there are many examples of successful divorces in history and there are also examples of unsuccessful marriages . 
  it would be better to stop being married and go back to just being friends . 
   no , the eu wo n't let you have a free trade agreement . 
  simply because then many other countries would do the same thing . 
  if anything the european union is going to put a sort of embargo on the island . 
  there are many eu countries that would be extremely keen on a fta with the uk , particularly countries like sweden , netherlands , denmark , germany and above all ireland . 
  the idea that those countries would accept some kind of embargo on the uk is fanciful . 
   norway has shitons of oil , you do n't . 
  norway is just one example . 
  however , there are many examples of countries in the world that are not in the eu with strong economies without oil . 
  i 'm not sure why ( if ? ), 
  you think that the eu is a guarantor of prosperity and more than being out of it . 
  look at what is going on right now with many eurozone countries . 
   if anything , they should join the euro zone . 
  no , the uk should n't join the eurozone . 
  that would be a crazy thing for the uk to do . 
  the uk benefits from having independent monetary policy . 
   you are totally right about uk being more of an `` importer '' , sorry about that i was sure it was the opposite , i do n't know why . 
  no problem . 
  :-)  as for your norway argument , i might add that norway has free trade agreement with the eu . 
  and that it is a really special country in term of export , since it 's main exported product by a far margin ( over 70 % ) is oil related . 
  very little of it being exported outside of the eu too . 
  there are a number of countries with free trade arrangements with the eu in place and a number of others that are negotiating them . 
  i expect that the uk and the reu would be able to put in place a mutually beneficial free trade agreement ( especially given that much free trade related regulation is now decided globally , by institutions such as the wto ) . 
   mate . 
  at best south korea and new zealand look like american puppets . 
  have you read about that john key guy ? 
  what a tool . 
  i 'm making the point that their economies are fine and that not being part of the eu does not harm their economies . 
  given this , it is an entirely relevant response to the argument made by / r/roku-ro that the reason to be in the eu is because of the economy . 
   and switzerland is switzerland . 
  it 's a unique case .
