  the state rescue caps a dramatic decade-old collapse in the fortunes of mps , a lender founded in 1472 to support tuscan farmers which became a crucial seat of power in italy with ties to the country 's political left . 
  but its fortunes have declined since the ill-timed $ 9bn cash acquisition of its local rival banca antonveneta on the cusp of the financial crisis . 
  rome and brussels have been in talks on ways to structure the bailout of the bank in a way that compensation could be offered to an estimated 40,000 retail holders of junior debt which may suffer losses based on new eu rules . 
  a sale of $ 28bn in bad loans demanded by regulators is also in doubt and may need to be renegotiated , said two people involved . 
  mps , which has already burnt through $ 8bn in new capital since the financial crisis , is expected to receive the state funds under a `` precautionary recapitalisation '' agreed with eu regulators under its new banking rules . 
  support for the bank bailout bill was led by italy 's ruling centre-left democratic party , but members of the centre-right opposition also agreed to vote in favour after silvio berlusconi , the leader of forza italia , announced his backing . 
  the five star movement , the main anti-establishment opposition party led by comedian beppe grillo , opposed the measure , calling for a full nationalisation of struggling banks . 
  a backlash against a taxpayer-funded bailout of italy 's weakest lenders has already begun . 
  codacons , a consumer lobby group , estimated $ 20bn ploughed into italy 's failing lenders would cost each italian family $ 833 . 
   authorities treating us like idiots , saying everyone 's benign and everything 's under control , is the reason why people turn against muslims and refugees . 
  here authorities are n't saying that everything is under control . 
  they are saying that they need more powers to ensure that terrorists do n't commit acts of terror . 
  what they have not been saying , is what they will do to ensure that people do n't become terrorists . 
  uk has been lucky not to have had a serious terrorist attack for a number of years ( compared to france , belgium , netherlands etc ) . 
  if one happens , i think the political dialogue will have to change . 
  noted , thanks , that makes sense . 
   police did n't post his picture , though . 
  which is crazy . 
  if police want to catch a suspect and have a picture of him , they need to release his picture . 
  he is highly dangerous , so people need to know to avoid him etc. 
   well brexit and closing borders does n't suggest openness by any stretch of the imagination . 
  if you think countries like us , canada , south korea , israel , singapore , australia are `` totally isolated '' , then i guess the uk will be too . 
  i 'm not saying that they are real ids , i just do n't know . 
  what i am saying is that leaving real id deliberately and then escaping just does not make sense ( in my mind ... ), 
  that is possible . 
  in which case , do n't leave security documents in the vehicle . 
  leave them on you at the final mission ... 
   so total isolation ??? 
  this is the uk we are talking about . 
  total isolation is just not what the uk does . 
   they wanted to be identified as martyrs . 
  i still do n't understand this . 
  you are not a martyr if you escape ( which so far this guy has done . ), 
  if you want to be a martyr , stay on the scene of the crime until the security forces finish you off to ensure that you are caught . 
  if you do n't want to be caught , then do n't leave your security documents in the vehicle . 
  just keep them in your pocket . 
  or do n't take them with you at all . 
  i think thatcher and british foreign policy was helpful to lithuania during independence and prior to it . 
  [ thatcher had a good relationship with gorbachev and she was keen to ensure that no force was used on lithuania and also she quickly welcomed lithuanian leaders to the uk for talks . 
  ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2013/04/the-iron-lady-and-the-iron-curtain/ ) the uk did also strongly support and press for lithuania 's eu and nato membership and also strongly still supports them ( even though we no longer support our own eu membership  ) it is a shame that the uk was not able to do more during lithuania 's occupation and that is something we regret . 
  i think lithuania is committed to increasing military spending to the nato 2 % level and hopefully that happens soon . 
  that would definitely make the nato alliance even stronger . 
  estonia talks shit about them to the nordics . 
   now brits on the other hand , they 're into commonwealths i 've heard !, 
  we are !, 
  also , we now accept countries into the commonwealth even if they have no connection to the british empire ... 
  no , you never held hands with us , but the independence of the baltics from the ussr was something that made a profound impression on me and many other british people . 
  i hope that the uk can stay strongly committed to defending the baltics along with other nato allies . 
  yeah me too . 
  also , the answer might be `` yes '' . 
   the uk has made clear its goal is to supplant the home nations with a british identity and state ???? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  i will try and respond properly to your post another time , but :  a cultural sphere that has indeed expanded with colonialism & the spreading of westernisation but is still something to be valued & much more apparent when you step foot outside of europe imo i think colonialism did not share culture equally . 
  when it comes to somewhere like new zealand , the culture there is basically a copy and paste of uk culture . 
  there are very few differences at all . 
  this is why brits just feel much more at home with new zealanders than we would even with our closest continental countries ( belgium and netherlands ) . 
  this dynamic makes the eu seem just counter-intuitive to many brits . 
  why would we go into `` ever closer union '' with countries that are less culturally close to us ? 
  you get to be near the uk though !, 
  surely you like us more than you like estonia or the nordics ? 
  you sound butthurt that the uk wants to leave the eu . 
  have a great life !, 
   culture is a very wide but also vague concept & it 's hard to argue the gap is bigger with the lowlands than between the lowlands & let 's say greece . 
  i agree that there are lots of very different cultures within europe . 
  broadly , the uk has a western culture and the cultures the uk is closest to are , unsurprisingly , the anglosphere . 
  the uk is closer in culture to other north western european cultures compared to most of the rest of europe . 
  and i would say that a culture like the netherlands for example is significantly closer to the uk than to greece . 
   to me the gap is nearly entirely political & the same can be said about russia & others , yet they 're still european i think the gap also comes from a very different history . 
  we should not underestimate the consequence of our different war time experiences or our different histories prior to that . 
  we can call that difference political or we can call it cultural . 
  i agree that russia is european , but it is hard to know whether it is really western in terms of its culture . 
  certainly , the uk is not culturally similar to russia at all and has very different values from russia . 
   rhetoric i think political discourse in the uk represents a cultural difference . 
  our parliament has for centuries been very confrontational rather than collaborative . 
  look at the way it is shaped , two opposing sides , compared to yours , which are circular . 
  or look at our legal system , which is adversarial rather than inquisitorial . 
  the aggressive british press is part of this culture . 
  i know it shocks you , but we like it . 
   i do n't think he lied -- i think he wussed out . 
  i certainly would . 
  however , all of the lies of the remain campaign were based on that wuss . 
   if the uk pound weakens , which it probably will , imports will become more expensive . 
  actually , the value of the pound will depend on other things , like interest rates . 
  the current level of the pound compared to the euro is the same as what it has averaged over the last decade . 
   also , some 48 % of uk exports go to europe currently it is less than that and falling each year . 
   either because i suspect the eu wo n't treat the uk favorably . 
  the fact that the eu is irrational is a reason to leave . 
  what they wrote on a bus was not a clear and specific promise . 
  when i voted to leave the eu , i did not think that what was written on a bus was a clear and specific promise . 
  i am surprised that you did . 
  it obviously was n't . 
   he told the house of commons that he would trigger or start the article 50 process immediately after the results would come in . 
  i do n't see how this is a remain lie . 
  he was front and centre of the remain campaign . 
  he lied about kicking off article 50 immediately and many other lies ( about economic chaos ) related to that lie . 
   it will be the poor britons that will pay higher prices for everything that is imported . 
  no , because the uk is not going to put tariffs on things . 
  the uk wants to reduce tariffs sot that things become cheaper . 
   they made various dates and timelines abundantly clear . 
  the current government has made only one date clear .
