  remainers need to get with the programme . 
  we are leaving the eu . 
   i know this is all terrible and all , but keep a stiff upper lip . 
  it wo n't be that bad ... i hope . 
  it will be wonderful . 
  also , it will be great for europe generally in my mind . 
  best thing to happen to europe since the end of the cold war . 
   let 's destroy british agriculture and the steel industry . 
  / s do you want the uk to put tariffs on agricultural imports ? 
  personally i do n't because i want food prices to be cheaper . 
  i prefer to promote the interests of british consumers . 
   of course the british people were sold a lie , of course we 're going to have to abide by most of our current trading regulations no , the lies were from the remain side . 
  they said there would be a punishment budget , a recession and increased unemployment . 
   this government is in utter crisis , not really . 
  conservatives are doing very well in the opinion polls and have , since the brexit vote , been steadily rising . 
   the article is well balanced however i found the article somewhat hysterical and unhinged . 
  it implies that what fox is doing is somehow irrational or not what people who voted leave would want . 
  instead , it is exactly rational and what i would want . 
   lots of ppl replying to my wto post saying uk will change schedules down the line . 
  maybe , but only downwards . 
  wto is about reducing tariffs . 
  which is what i want . 
  free trade is a good thing . 
   do n't get why you do n't want membership in the single market . 
  i do n't think of regulation as being neutral/merely technocratic . 
  it is also political . 
  as such , i want politicians in the uk to be directly accountable for it by making it their responsibility . 
   surely you are n't happy about the prospect of massive deregulation also , i am not really in favour of `` more regulation '' or `` less regulation '' but better regulation and the ability to change regulation speedily . 
  i also want the uk to be able to regulate in new and innovative ways and test that regulation against the eu 's regulation . 
   you also ca n't be eager about losing the social contract the eu currently promotes and all the social and worker protections that are attached to it ? 
  given high unemployment rates in parts of the eu i do n't think the eu is really in a position to boast about worker protections . 
  social and worker protections are , in my mind , exactly the kind of thing that should be the subject of national political debate . 
  i want my politicians to be able to argue for and against these things . 
   sovereignty should n't also be a concern since every type of free trade will imply you need to open your regulatory systems to foreign scrutiny ? 
  it really depends on the type of free trade arrangement . 
   it ca n't all be idealistic zeal that motivates you to not want the uk to be a member of the single market . 
  or is it ? 
  you can judge !, 
  on reflection i agree , perhaps 3 % is a better yardstick for the word `` strong '' for a developed economy . 
  above 2 % is `` steady '' though and if we look at the last decade of growth rates in highly industrialised countries it is not something to complain about . 
   i agree , but i think it 's because people conflate the single market with a free trade area , like nafta a nafta like arrangement is preferable to a single market in my mind . 
   if you want to change laws in the single market , the only way to do so is staying in . 
  inside the single market the uk can not always change a single market related law that applies across the eu because of qmv and the way single market related laws are enacted . 
  outside the single market , the uk can change those laws ( insofar as they apply to the uk ) . 
  i do n't really care what laws are in place in finland . 
  i do care about the laws that apply within the uk . 
  apologies if my earlier post was not sufficiently clear . 
  i want the uk to have the ability to change single market related laws . 
   if 0.7 % of strongly growing ... yikes . 
  that figure related to a quarter . 
  in terms of annual growth the uk is currently growing at 2.3 % . 
  personally i think that anything above 2 % for a developed economy can be considered strong . 
   canada trades will soon trade with the eu under ceta . 
  ceta is not about canada trading with the eu . 
  it is about specific terms under which canadian entities and eu entities may trade . 
  but , quite obviously , even without ceta canadian and eu entities trade with each other . 
  which is one of the reason why the term `` access '' is so unhelpful . 
  it has no clear and precise meaning . 
   you take both the positives and the negatives ( which would be the freedom of movement in the brexiters eyes ) or you get none . 
  personally i am in favour of high immigration . 
  it is the single market in goods and services that i mainly want the uk to pull out of . 
  the key thing is to negotiate tariff free trade in my mind . 
  this is a really wonderful initiative and it brings a tear to my eye that some enterprising individuals are keen to put in place projects like this . 
  so i am going to donate . 
  source : i have a sister with down syndrome . 
   we 're on / r/europe and everybody should be able to talk using an european language . 
  yes , it is called english . 
   eu is doomed to be destroyed agreed . 
  this is really poor fake news from the independent : e.g : it is incredibly bad journalism to write :  foreign secretary boris johnson told four eu ambassadors he was privately in favour of freedom of movement - according to a diplomat interviewed by sky news last week . 
  without also [ acknowledging that the italian ambassador to the uk has gone on the record to say that johnson did not mention freedom of movement . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/03/plot-sabotage-boris-johnsons-plan-brexit/ ) however , i am glad that angela merkel is taking a firm line here as i do n't want the uk to stay in the single market . 
  hey , thanks very much !, 
  ( in my answers to the survey i said that turkey should join the eu and that the eu should be dissolved . ), 
  netherlands has had three consecutive quarters of relatively strong gdp growth which is of itself good . 
  that is n't to say that there not are other economic indicators that are more depressing ... 
  that is not to say that he has not been more influential though . 
  technically it is a completely different kind of arrangement . 
  there are some strongly growing economies in the eu at the moment , e.g. 
  spain , romania , bulgaria , sweden , uk , netherlands . 
  there are also some underperformers e.g. 
  italy , france , latvia ... 
  it is a mixed picture . 
  independence dynamism seems to have dropped by a marginal result following the brexit referendum . 
   there is no doubt that farage is the single most important person in the uk when it comes to eu-skeptics personally i think that daniel hannan has been more influential . 
  i kind of like it !, 
  i hate the new fiver though ... 
  the efta agreement does not require free movement with any other countries . 
  switzerland has free movement with the eu by virtue of its agreements with the eu . 
  the eea countries have free movement with the eu by virtue of the eea agreement . 
  the efta itself does not require free movement other than with the efta countries . 
  this is plain not true . 
  there are various european countries like switzerland that are not in the eea or in the eu that have deals with the eu . 
  yes , though the uk could sign up to trade deals that efta has around the globe . 
  as a matter of law efta has free movement with efta countries only . 
  if uk joins efta we do n't have to have free movement with france . 
  i mean efta . 
  as a brexiteer i think it makes sense for the uk to join efta . 
  whether or not we have an agreement with the eu , we should have one with the eea . 
  yeah - but guardian article is very misleading by not making it clear that switzerland is not in eea . 
  common law is the civilised system .
