  i 'm all for freedom of the press but the press must be accurate and honest and the mail is neither this is called not being for freedom of the press . 
   because they despereatly needed help . 
  and the condition for that help was compliance . 
  also , most of the people they send to negotiate there are incompetent , to put it mildly . 
  in my view it is a terrible shame that once great nations like spain and portugal should have let things come to this . 
   but there 's plenty of circumstantial evidence . 
  for example terrible cuts to essential public services like health or education . 
  all done with the tacit approval of the creditor governments/the troika . 
  i suppose it is a question of allocation of blame for these cuts . 
  in my own view the primary blame must be those debtor governments that made poor decisions over several years . 
  perhaps the troika also takes some of the blame ? 
  the troika is n't really an intergovernmental body though . 
  it is the collective voice of the ecb , the european commission and the imf . 
  i think it is a bit unfair to blame policies of the troika on creditor governments : does n't it make more sense to blame the troika bodies themselves ? 
  rather than blaming the netherlands , germany and finland for any tacit approval , should n't we be blaming the ecb , the commission and the imf for actual approval ? 
  i agree that it does n't really make sense to give the parliament of schulz any direct blame for the things like the terrible cuts to public services in greece , spain , cyprus , portugal . 
  but should n't schulz have criticised the folly of a currency union without political union ? 
  does n't he get some kind of blame for not doing more to prevent a disaster ? 
  was n't it always going to be messy ? 
  after all , the problems that europe has now were not just predictable , [ they were also predicted ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/margaret-thatcher-on-the-euro-2013-4 ) . 
   really?or maybe , only big farmers with money to invest will modernize , leaving some other farmers poorer , forcing them to seek the cities to enlarge the poor population , or to emigrate to the precious land of uk . 
  i bet you prefer prevention in this case . 
  actually , i am fairly pro immigration into the uk and especially from poles . 
  ( read my comment history . ), 
  i believe population flow is a far bigger issue in the nations that have experienced emmigration ( and brain drain ) than countries that have immigration . 
   italy itself has a great agricultural sector , with high quality products . 
  italy cherishes the cap , wants more money from it to help italian small farmers who protect the land , rare products and traditions . 
  these things all converge to more tourism , because that 's what we sell , good food and landscape . 
  suppose we let the market work its magic in poland . 
  poland will have bigger and bigger farmers who will flood the market with cheaper , less quality products . 
  it would harm our industry as well , since maybe our restaurants will want to buy those cheaper products , ruining our reputation and making losses in tourism . 
   you will see italy joining poland in a cap which helps smaller farmers grow better products , diversified through tradition . 
  them the cabbage , us our tomatoes . 
  all happy , especially rich japanese and american tourists . 
  all these things sound great and perhaps they are important to italy and poland then . 
  but , i do n't understand why they ca n't be solved on a national level ? 
  why does the uk even need to be involved in the italian budget for tomatoes ? 
   the uk does n't care , never cared and never will . 
  what would that be , a gracious concession by the queen?the right for the parliament to decide its seat ? 
  the uk does care about europe and has tended to care massively about europe . 
  the [ uk parliament regularly debates the question of the eu parliament having two seats ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201314/cmhansrd/cm131203/debtext/131203-0001.htm ) . 
  but , i agree , in terms of the problems that the uk has with europe , this is very low down the list !, 
   there is only one thing that would give this parliament what it has to have , since it is directly elected . 
  it needs sovereignty , and only a new treaty will give that , making it the body which expresses the will of the people in europe . 
   united , confederated , federated , regionalized , i do n't care . 
  i want the parliament to have all the say . 
  not the council , who has gone against the wishes and the good of the people for 60 years !, 
  i guess this is why the uk will have to leave the eu . 
  the uk and the rest of the eu just do n't want the same things . 
  i just want a common market . 
  you want something much more . 
  the only way for us both to be happy is for the uk to leave . 
  this was actually a surprisingly well-written article in my view , apart from one thing . 
  it was wrong about facebook . 
  [ people are starting to leave facebook ] ( http://business.time.com/2014/01/15/more-than-11-million-young-people-have-fled-facebook-since-2011/ ) . 
  perhaps we needed facebook a few years back and when it first started it did seem modern and relevant and a way of bringing people together . 
  but the world has moved on since then and facebook is looking increasingly dated . 
  as better options emerge , people are voting with their feet and going to those better options . 
  facebook is the past in my view . 
   something the council loves , of course . 
  in an institution where intergovernmentalism rules , it is easy for the rich north to impose itself on the poor south , which has no chance if it wants help . 
  the south can always veto budgets . 
  there has to be unanimity . 
  why did each goverment of southern member states agree to the budget if they did n't like it ? 
   poland 's agriculture , but mostly , its farmers still needs some support to modernize production . 
  it 's france who does n't need jack shit . 
  french farmers will only deserve that money when they will go all bio and they will preserve until the last rare specie of cabbage . 
  until then , for me , their money can all go to poland . 
  personally i do n't see why the money should go to poland . 
  poland is the only country in europe that has not had a recession in the last ten years . 
  poland can pay for itself now . 
  polish farmers do need to modernise , but they can do this just by letting the market function properly . 
  certainly , though , it makes no sense for italy ( a country that has hardly been out of recession in the last ten years ) to be paying to subsidise polish farmers . 
  i agree , though , reform of the cap is painfully painfully slow . 
  i did n't know that the parliament had voted to just stay in brussels . 
  hopefully next time the council agree the budget the uk will go in even harder and make one seat a condition to the uk agreeing to the budget . 
  that 's the only way i see this ever being reformed . 
  move to uk and vote for ukip ;-), 
  to be fair to euractive ( not something i often find myself saying ! ), 
  they seem in this article to have stopped short of conflating ukip with the far right . 
  they have called efd far-right without an explanation , that is true . 
  but this point is at least arguable . 
  it is interesting that after the european elections , the uk , without any far right political parties in any elected positions , will be in a tiny minority in the eu . 
   strong governments make the rules at the expense of weaker ones . 
  intergovernmentalism is the problem . 
  give me an example of a poor rule made by a strong government at the expense of weaker governments ? 
  weaker govenments should not agree to these poor rules , no ? 
   than cut the budget !!, 
  the budget did need to be cut . 
  at a time that member states across the eu have been forced to cut their budgets , it is right that the eu itself also committed to this . 
  the eu budget also has dead weight ( e.g. 
  cap , two separate parliaments etc ) . 
  the markets offer good rates when they think that the risk of default is reduced . 
  they really do n't care how that risk is reduced . 
  haha !, 
  your protest worked pretty well , but i am liking his one too !, 
  my prediction is : [ 26558370 ] ( https://www.alternativefuer.de/kontakt/ ), 
  yeah , you could have done it with a romanian medical qualification . 
  free movement of persons requires mutual recognition of qualifications . 
  perhaps never is a long time .
