  it is a disgrace that they rely on the us for their security without pulling their weight . 
  not quite . 
  eurozone got upgraded by 0.1 % , uk got upgraded 0.4 % . 
   over in england , sure . 
  to me it seems that ( the republic of ) ireland is pretty much talking about brexit a lot too ... 
  but i agree that arlene perhaps has not caught up with reality just yet . 
   but considering the state voted to remain ni has been utterly silent on respecting the wishes of it 's populace . 
  it is a tricky one , i agree ... 
  however , in essence the problem is somewhat clear : the people of northern ireland ( as a whole ) need to decide whether they want to be in the uk ( which is leaving the eu ) or not and the new set of fms need to be open to discussions on this . 
  provided that this decision is peaceful and democratic , then we must respect their wishes . 
  their desire for the uk to stay in the eu does not trump the desire of uk voters as a whole though . 
  i do n't disagree with your analysis , but in my mind everyone on the ground seems to be aware that the result did happen . 
   expect to see brexit receive substantially more coverage . 
  not really sure how that is possible given the blanket coverage this issue seems to get !, 
  this is all that we are going to be talking about for years !!!, 
  i think it only came clear that the ni government would fall relatively recently . 
   do you accept that the uk ca n't begin negotiating on saturday ? 
   here 's a more robust analysis . 
  thanks . 
  [ as mentioned , i have seen it argued both ways . 
  here is a more robust analysis in the other direction . 
  ] ( http://lawyersforbritain.org/files/uk-right-to-negotiate-free-trade-agreements-before-leaving-eu.pdf ) we are simply in very unprecedented territory in which the rules do not specifically provide details as to what should happen . 
  as always in this kind of territory , you get lawyers arguing about a grey area . 
  it is pleasing that experts are changing their minds about brexit . 
  it is also pleasing that voters are not changing their minds . 
  i think attention is being paid . 
  the secretary of state for northern ireland did interviews all about it this weekend . 
  it is somewhat interesting that the ni government collapsed not because of anything brexit related or in fact not because of anything sectarian related , but because of a plain old business of politics ... 
  the article ( when considered as a whole ) is extremely open-ended and points out that the uk leaving the eu is an unprecedented situation and there do n't appear to be clear rules that will apply to the uk 's scenario once it has triggered article 50 . 
  i have seen it argued both ways in fact . 
  the rules on negotiating ftas relate to those member states that are staying in the eu , to me it seems obvious that they do n't make sense for countries that are leaving the eu . 
  no , it has to leave the eu before signing new trade deals , not before beginning work on them . 
  also nice to know that so far you have been wrong about the queen . 
  negotiations can begin on saturday . 
   i was one of them by the way . 
  i voted remain and i was wrong about the impact . 
  just wanted to say that it is incredibly unusual for people to admit they were wrong about something . 
  so kudos to you for admitting it . 
   very good article . 
  i hope it will be appreciated but i doubt it . 
  i am biased . 
  i too believe fake math to be a serious problem . 
  i agree it is a very good article . 
  i think it is making the point that economic forecasters have cultural preferences and live in self-reinforcing bubbles where there is a kind of group think . 
  this environment is not conducive to intellectual honesty , so we should not be that surprised by the way that a lot of the forecasters made mistakes . 
   i 'm sorry but i had to stop there , i ca n't stomach this bullshit . 
  norway is also not an eu member , are norwegians being `` deprived of european identity '' ? 
  i ca n't take somebody who writes this kind of sentimentalist crap seriously . 
  you should have kept reading . 
  he was n't presenting this as his own argument , but an argument that some people have . 
   when trump says `` fair '' he actually means `` favouring the us '' . 
  uk has a totally different kind of economy from mexico . 
  one thing that the uk can not do to the us is undercut the us on wages . 
  it is going to be politically necessary for both the us and the uk to get a fta in place quickly , as both of them want to show the world that they are both open for business . 
  uk legislation on crown dependencies is very flexible . 
  we let them basically do what they like . 
  leaving single market . 
  the vast majority of polling suggests that most voters do not regret their vote . 
  public will expect her to be clear that she will walk away from a bad deal ... 
  we were in the wrong game from the start . 
  we had different ideas about what the game should look like . 
  the rules on freedom of movement are part of the body of rules that make up the single market . 
  i voted leave and i agree with her global strategy / messaging . 
  eu 's wto status also has to be renegotiated . 
  over time i expect significant regulatory divergence ( except in relation to certain global product standards ) . 
  the fundamental underpinnings of the uk legal system are very different from those of the eu . 
  i think leaving the single market will enable the uk to better face up to rising globalisation - we will be able to change laws more easily , which will better enable uk to do trade deals with the rest of the globe and meet future scientific and technological challenges . 
  that is true just for the transition . 
  but - going forwards , the uk and eu laws will inevitably start to diverge . 
  when we are outside the eu , we are obviously going to want to make our own laws rather than just copy and paste eu laws , decide our own taxes , rather than put in place the taxes that the eu wants us to have . 
  british people . 
  i want to leave the single market . 
  there are fiscal transfers from some parts of the uk to others , centralised debt . 
  of course the brits are still doing it ... 
   the eu and the uk will have a banking sector relative i do n't think that is right . 
  the uk 's financial centre will be much larger than the eu 's financial centre , but the eu 's economy will be much larger than the uk 's economy . 
  putting a stop to immigration is leaving the single market . 
  loads of people want to leave the single market . 
  the aim was to lave the single market . 
  we will see what the court decision says , but parliament seems to have decided that brexit will happen . 
  i do n't think they will say that consent is needed from scotland and ni . 
  those territories govern themselves . 
  it is up to them to decide how they want to tax themselves , not up to us . 
  i do n't think a white paper can stop it now - i think the mood in public and in parliament has hardened . 
  perhaps we are past the point of no return . 
  the uk is going to have to compete globally . 
  ultimately this means having control of its own taxation powers . 
  however , in terms of tax and transparency , the uk is committed to working with the g20 on things like the beps initiative . 
  but that is the right way to discuss global taxation , rather than just between the uk and the eu . 
  ok , uk 's position will be `` we will stop when there are global regulations '' . 
  you just missed some fake news . 
  theresa may said nothing clear . 
  however , everyone here is starting to assume from some of the things she has said that uk is leaving single market . 
  i voted leave . 
  i voted for globalisation and trade liberalisation . 
  what anger ? 
  i do n't see much anger other than online from some remainers and lots of people on this sub . 
  people can take their anger out in the ballot box . 
  it was a different time but the fundamental principles of free trade are the same . 
  you might not be in favour of it , i am .
