  i agree with this . 
  we all hate strained interpretations . 
  we have in the common law a maxim `` hard cases make bad law '' to describe this difficulty . 
   i 'm also curious what you think about common law crimes . 
  as a continental , the whole idea seems rather unsettling to me . 
  i believe that common law crimes have largely all been codified in most of the common law family , us , canada , nz and australia , but we still have them in england . 
  for example , the crime of murder is a common law crime here and there is no definition in any statute . 
  however , it is very clear from judgments what the common law definition is . 
  there is a convention now in the uk that judges can not create any more common law crimes . 
  at various times , academics have considered whether we should place all crimes on the statute book , but there always end up being parliamentary difficulties and in any case it is hard really to see if there is actually a need for it . 
  just because something is old and created in medieval times , it does not mean it no longer works or is wrong . 
  as a brit , i think that the gulf between the common law and the civil law is illustrative of a different way of thinking about the world . 
  the common law is a disregard for theories or ideals or revolutions , and a preference for practice , pragmatism and evolution . 
  if we were concerned with things like common law crimes , we would probably be concerned that we had bishops in our legislature or that our constitution is not written down . 
  none of these things make sense in theory , but they seem somehow to work in practice . 
  to me this gulf has also been shown in the brexit referendum . 
  i think lots of continentals were astonished that we voted leave without any plan in place . 
  to me this simply showed that the british people are somewhat relaxed about uncertainty and expected our constitution , laws , parliament and government simply to adapt to the new reality . 
  anyway , comparative law is fascinating subject and i love debating this with my french and german colleagues !, 
  in the case of the eu it is also fascinating that no body of eu contract law has ever really developed and that there does not really exist any concept of an eu qualified lawyer . 
   i am not sure what this article actually proposes though , what do they really want to change ? 
  the uk 's financial conduct authority has published a discussion paper in which it raises a number of questions about the uk 's listing regime , i.e. 
  the framework under which companies get admitted to a stock exchange in the uk . 
  because the uk has a global financial centre , many of the companies that want to get admitted to a stock exchange in the uk are not uk companies , but overseas companies , which are governed by regulation in their own jurisdiction and may also have a different corporate culture/business culture from the uk . 
  judging the correct way that the uk should regulate overseas companies that come to the uk requires some creativity . 
  we want to respect their home regulation , but we also want to ensure that there is integrity in the uk 's own regulatory framework . 
  in an age of brexit , globalism and technological developments , even more creativity is required . 
  in my view it is therefore welcome that the uk regulators are asking some questions on this , even though there is a lot more to do . 
  uk needs to man the f ` ck up and get back up to the 2 % level . 
  if estonia , poland and greece can do it , what is our problem ? 
  come on theresa , focus !, 
  i think this article is a tiny bit misleading - i know that the uk 's financial conduct authority began this work way before the referendum . 
  i expect that because of the referendum , they will be pressurised by market participants to be more ambitious and creative , which is of course a good thing . 
  the uk financial watchdog is exploring ideas for an `` international segment '' to accommodate overseas companies in british capital markets , in which large groups could obtain a london listing without obligation to comply with stringent requirements for a premium listed company . 
  the financial conduct authority 's proposals , in a discussion paper released on tuesday , come amid intensifying competition between the world 's capitals to attract valuable international corporations to their stock markets . 
  `` this is effectively about getting london up to speed , '' said jonathan herbst , global head of financial services at norton rose fulbright , a law firm . 
  `` the question of jurisdictional attractiveness is a real one . '' the regulator wrote that an alternative international segment `` may be attractive to companies where there is a founding family or government that wishes to retain control rights that are incompatible with a conventional premium listing '' . 
  one such company is saudi aramco , owned by the kingdom of saudi arabia . 
  saudi officials are planning to list up to 5 per cent of the energy company next year in what would be the biggest initial public offering of all time , creating the most highly valued listed entity . 
  top saudi aramco executives and the kingdom 's officials have said the company is evaluating the prospect of multiple listings . 
  the world 's biggest stock exchanges -- from new york to london , tokyo and hong kong , are among those being considered -- and the suggestion of concurrent listings has given hope to smaller exchanges such as singapore and canada . 
  `` many uk stakeholders argue that a highly international market like the uk 's should be at the centre of listing activity supporting dynamic and emerging economies , '' wrote the fca . 
  the london stock exchange said the group had no comment to make on the fca 's proposition . 
  overseas companies rarely seek a standard listing on the main market , which entails adherence to the rigorous governance standards required by uk listed companies . 
  many international companies , including russian energy group gazprom , opt to be listed using global depositary receipts , which represent ownership in the underlying shares . 
  this allows investors to trade in overseas companies on developed markets , but is relatively inaccessible to retail investors . 
  but the fca reported that stakeholders in the consultation process believed there should be a `` degree of accommodation '' for companies which did not wish to comply with the requirements of listing . `` that 's a back door , is n't it '' , said richard robinson , manager of the global energy fund at ashburton investments . 
  `` either regulations are there for a reason , or they 're not '' . 
  `` this looks like a push for the fca to make the uk more attractive as a place to list in a post-brexit world , '' pointed out richard spedding , a partner at law firm travers smith.the fca is seeking responses to questions posed in the paper by may 14 . 
  i do n't think the imf have specifically stated that 2017 greek growth would be affected . 
  ( if you look at the track records for imf predictions for greek growth , you might get very disappointed ... ), 
  yes , it is going to be very interesting to see what happens . 
  one interesting thing to note is that it is another example of economic predictions being politicised . 
  it is in the interests of the eu to predict good economic growth for greece , to ensure that the imf stays on the programme . 
  we saw economic growth predictions becoming very politicised before the brexit referendum . 
  [ the ft was interesting on the greek aspect of this . 
  ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/87501830-ef85-11e6-930f-061b01e23655 ), 
   am i going to have to pay taxes like i have to when ordering from u.s. 
  this depends on whether the eu makes you pay taxes ... 
   topic way too complex to be broken down as yes/no do you think that the scottish independence referendum was way too complex to be broken down as yes/no ? 
   do n't know why you got downvoted it is because he has a british flair and has argued that that the uk was not an easy fit in the eu . 
  that stuff obviously gets downvotes . 
  i guess that 's what happens in democracies , sometimes you are in the minority . 
  fake news ? 
   but the large ability of common law judges to reinterpret law ( sometimes rather creatively ) i disagree with you on this . 
  the creative decisions are the ones that get the headlines , because they are so interesting . 
  but by number they are a really small minority . 
  as an advisor , in almost every circumstance that crosses my desk , i feel strongly able to predict the court 's decision . 
   and the fact that you have to hunt for rules through numerous , sometimes ancient and obscure past judicial decisions this can be a fun exercise !, 
  in practice because of the way that the legal industry functions , this is relatively efficient . 
  it is confusing at first for students , but once the cases start to fit together , it becomes beautiful . 
   and/or rely on unofficial `` summaries '' of this enormous body of cases we have the full text online of most cases , even the very ancient ones . 
  never just read the summaries !, 
   does create some uncertainty , especially when dealing with `` new '' cases involving `` new '' questions . 
  i agree , this can add some uncertainty , when the law starts to develop a new principle . 
  but in my view , this incremental approach to legal development makes commercial sense over a long time-frame and has been used to good effect over the years . 
  by making small changes , judges are able to test the impact of a change in a gradual way rather than a sudden way . 
  it allows market participants to argue to judges what the law should be , from a commercial perspective and forces judges to understand the wishes of the market . 
  if the impacts are negative , they can then nudge the law back in the other direction , and if they are positive , the judges can keep going . 
   either dismantle the eu or turn it into a fiscal union with transfers of wealth amongst member states . 
  there is never going to be a fiscal union . 
  there is no point waiting for it . 
  yeah , brexit is something that permanently changed history from the moment the result became clear , there was no going back on the decision . 
  le pen means who knows what happens next and does not automatically mean frexit . 
   le pen already said that she will try to fix the eu from the inside , and if that does n't work then she will call for a referendum . 
  le pen is a black swan . 
  we just can not predict the consequences of her election . 
  i just do n't think the eu will just be `` hey , congrats on your victory , when can we start on your plans for fixing the eu from the inside '' . 
  instead i think we would see the most crazy day of european politics for a long while . 
  the big news to me is that q4 2016 number for greece of -0.4 . 
  this might mean that the imf 's view of the health of the greek economy is more realistic than the eu 's view . 
  this could have significant implications for the next round of the bailout . 
  i liked the way it just was not on the map at all . 
  this is basically `` here be dragons '' ... 
  this is a really beautiful map , but i am so triggered by `` village of london '' and `` belgian channel '' . 
   civil law seems more modern , should all countries move to it or is there a reason common law is good too ? 
  common law is more certain and thus commercially preferable . 
   so in the former , the judge is n't allowed to ask questions ? 
  typically in a common law trial if both sides agree with a particular point then the judge does not investigate its truth . 
  the parties have to decide themselves what they think the relevant law is and then they agree the area which is disputed and agree what questions should go to the judge .
