  i have a preference for them doing it democratically and if the voters of other countries want to transfer power away from their own parliaments to a centralised system , so be it . 
  i think it will lead to terrible results for democracy , but let the people decide that . 
  it is essential for british democracy that we stay out of this though . 
   true . 
  i am not entirely certain if this was on purpose though . 
  even if it was not intentional , it was predictable and predicted . 
  when law makers put in place flawed laws , knowing that they are flawed , that is a shame for the rule of law . 
  i speak as one lawyer to another , 
   thats a bit of nonsense . 
  the labour party in the uk is not the same as the german sdp . 
  it is effectively a coalition between sdp and linke , in which for years the sdp have had the upper hand ( blair era etc ) and now , suddenly and weirdly , linke have the upper hand . 
  livingstone 's idealogical bed-fellows are the hard left . 
   i would put this under administrative failure and not under bad laws . 
  the administrative failure is not a surprise though , it was entirely predictable . 
  if a law will not be administrated properly , then perhaps it should not be made in the first place /  i am relatively certain that , if a refugee has to choose between a shitty refugee center in greece and another country with decent housing , he would choose the latter . 
  so far this does n't seem to be happening . 
   given the points i named , i 'd like to question that . 
  it appears to me that the authorities are failing and not the refugees . 
  as far as i know , it is also not mandatory to accept these offers . 
  just to clarify , i am not in any way blaming the refugees . 
  the fault rests entirely with governments . 
  however , given that refugees are not required to accept the offers and given that they obviously have destination preferences , it is not surprising that many would not want to go to the countries where there possibilities are much lower . 
  this is a flaw in the law . 
   they are uncontrolled ( but not really roaming ) because they are thousands and in the jungle . 
  each day they roam along motorways trying to get into lorries . 
  if this is not roaming , i am not sure what is . 
   ahh the usual friendly neighbors attitude of `` it 's your problem deal with it we do n't give a crap about anything that happen to anyone else '' . 
  actually , i think the uk does care . 
  the uk loves france deeply . 
  this is one of the reasons why the uk is so sad to see france make poor decisions , like joining the euro and joining schengen , thereby giving up control of its economy and its borders . 
   so let me get this straigth : in the last 6 months we found & budgeted & already used 7 billions euros ( 7 ' 000 ' 000 ' 000 $ ) to keep that border closed and address uk migration complains . 
  any sources for this figure ? 
  eur7bn seems a bit large to me . 
   and as you can imagine we will have to keep finding more and keep paying the bills which you still wo n't give us a dime for either . 
  the uk government has given the french government money to help protect calais . 
  i am sure you know this ? 
   which as you can imagine is not cheap in our current economic situation which is still worse than the uk banking system pumping cash away from us . 
  i agree that your economic situation is difficult , but i am not sure what you mean about the uk banking sytem pumping cash away from you ? 
   no , the uk is the pull factor . 
  something no french as any control upon . 
  sangatte is a last stop before the uk we can try to convince people to stop in . 
  or we can shoo them away but then they 'll keep bribing fishermen and anyone with a boat to hide them and smuggle them in by night stormy days . 
  the uk is a pull factor primarily because of the english language and the uk 's economic situation ( neither of which the uk should try and change ) . 
  the question still remains though , why do you let them into your country in the first place ? 
  surely you must be asking yourself that question ? 
   i mean `` safe '' as `` will be able to stay uncontrolled and free to roam in the uk '' , whether it can get more complicated in france or even germany . 
  they are already uncontrolled and roaming free in france . 
  in what way is it uncomplicated for them ? 
   that camp was opened close to the jungle with the hope of pushing people away from the jungle to the close camp . 
  if it was opened on the other side of the country people simply would n't go there . 
  france can take them there . 
  this is france we are talking about , one of the most powerful and wealthy countries in the world . 
  not some banana republic , but france !, 
  if asylum seekers enter france , surely it makes sense to process them at the point of entry , rather than letting them cross the entire country ?!, 
   sangatte was ( abusively ? ), 
  closed which led to the current jungle and a lot of uk screams . 
  the uk was pleased that sangatte was closed , because sangatte is a pull factor . 
   you solution seems way overblown compared to the problem . 
  that camp is very small compared to the impact the end of the schengen zone would have . 
  i 've not proposed the end of schengen , just france pulling out of it . 
  it seems to be what most people in france want . 
  the schengen zone does n't just cause the calais problem in france , it causes other problems there too . 
   let 's switch the borders for a year and see how it goes . 
  we 'll gladly take care of the burden of illegal immigrants trying to reach france through the uk . 
  if france decides to let immigrants walk along the channel tunnel to the uk ( which seems to be what you are saying ) , the channel tunnel will close . 
  the uk is an island . 
  you ca n't move the border to dover , because the border is in the middle of the channel . 
   rightly or wrongly , they hope to be safe in the uk , which incentivize them to try and reach the uk specifically . 
  i do n't think it really is about safety . 
  they are already safe in france after all . 
  they would also be safe in germany , and , let 's face it , they could very easily go to germany ( or anywhere else in the schengen area ) . 
   a border is , by definition , two coutry 's border at the same time . 
  france 's border with the uk is uk 's border with france . 
  the uk just conveniently got the french to agree to have the border between both country placed on the continent rather than on a british island . 
  the border between france and the uk is in the middle of the channel and remains there . 
  however , border checks take place on either side of the channel , the french border guard checks dover and saint pancras ( when people go from britain to france ) whereas the british border guard checks calais and gare du nord ( when people go the other way ) . 
  this suits both countries and is a normal arrangement . 
   this leaves france with all the burden , and the uk with none . 
  so now , the brits are sitting on their ass doing nothing , and criticizing france for not being good enough at taking care alone of an intrinsically binational problem . 
  the migrants do n't drop out of the sky into france . 
  they come into france via italy mainly . 
  france could control that border if it wanted to . 
  this is not really something that the uk can do . 
  i am sure most french people would like france to control its borders better . 
  i agree with them . 
   the lack of id and the relatively lenient uk policy on illegal workers give them hope they can live in the uk as illegal immigrants and not be deported . 
  france has id requirements , but it does not seem to help france being able to deport people . 
  there are thousands of migrants without id living in shanty towns in calais . 
  what is the use of france having laws about id cards if they do n't seem to help france ? 
   the uk either taking care of the problem the uk ca n't police france 's borders . 
  france must police its own borders . 
  ( i am sure most french people would like france to police its borders and not have thousands of migrants living in shanty towns in france . ), 
   how do you deport someone that does n't have a passport , do n't tell you which country they are from and when you find out their home countries do n't accept them ? 
  you can work out where people are from using expertise ( such as language etc ) . 
  france can either send them back to that country ( if that country will accept them ) or to the country from which they entered france , which will often be italy . 
  france can also police its own borders . 
   you realize that the uk is in an island thank goodness . 
   that has a significant part of their economy in the services , specially being one of the main players in the warehouse business . 
  you need to ship those goods . 
  just imagine that you ca n't put none in trucks and everything in both .
