  even though those brits outside of scotland do n't get a vote ( and do n't think they should get a vote ) they can still legitimately have a preference for how scotland votes !, 
   to save what ? 
  sorry , but it 's the scots decision to do what they want , not yours . 
  just to clarify , the vast majority of public opinion in the whole of britain is that it should be for scotland to choose how it wants to be governed . 
  i think everyone thinks that there should be a democratic , legal process for scotland 's future . 
  that does n't mean that there are n't also people who think that the uk , as it currently exists , is n't something worth saving . 
  there are people in scotland , northern ireland , england and wales who think that the uk is worth saving and therefore hope that scotland vote to stay in the uk . 
  however , obviously if scotland vote to leave the uk , that vote should be respected . 
   to make way for ? 
  theresa . 
  the argument for the no campaign is that ruk and iscotland are better as a single state . 
  it is not inconsistent to have this view and also have the view that a currency union would be untenable . 
   the problem is that you ca n't argue that you 're better off together and then refusing the offer to do something together . 
  that 's a bit like saying that the yes campaign can not argue that they 're better off having a currency union together and then refusing the offer to be part of the same country . 
  poland has n't even forgiven the uk for ww2 . 
  think about that for a while . 
  as time goes by , they seem more angry , not less . 
  what does this tell you about whether they will forgive germany or russia ? 
  bonuses should be decided by member states not by the eu . 
  which countries do you seriously think would deport british people living there ? 
  are you living in the real world ? 
  why does n't france just check the id of the immigrants waiting at calais ? 
  i agree that not wanting nuclear weapons stored outside scotland 's most populated city is an acceptable opinion . 
  however , wanting to join a nuclear alliance , move the nuclear weapons to somewhere else in the uk and cause the taxpayer in the rest of the uk huge expense at a time that we are just emerging from recession and european security is threatened strikes me as a bit of an odd opinion . 
  hopefully scots will recognise that they should share these massive costs . 
  if you do n't have to carry id when you do n't want to or do n't have to have id at all , then i fail to see how this helps illegal immigration . 
  i fail to see why this is prejudiced . 
  i virtually never need to prove my id or my age . 
  the person i was responding to was advocating compulsory carrying of id cards . 
  it sounds like you disagree with him . 
  i do n't think anyone wants scotland to stay out of nato . 
  but if scotland is keen to be in nato - a defence alliance that has nuclear weapons as a crucial part of it - it would seem a bit surprising that scotland was also committed to not having nuclear weapons on its territory and causing england , wales and northern ireland a gigantic expense . 
  given that the uk is increasingly less a two-party country , i would think it will get back on the agenda quicker than you might think . 
  dude - as mentioned to you several times , opposition to id cards in the uk is nothing to do with the eu . 
  also , id cards will not help the problem of illegal immigration - the french have id cards , but they still have the crisis in calais . 
  please stop saying petulant child . 
  where would he go ? 
  not here please !, 
  dude - i 'm afraid the importing goods argument makes no sense . 
  do you think everyone from pakistan should be able to live in france because there is trade between pakistan and france ? 
  also , pakistan already benefits from that trade . 
  so just to be clear , you think that the huge amount spent on the cap is fair ? 
  you do know that there is a reason why the uk get the rebate , do n't you ? 
  without the rebate the uk would be the highest net contributor per capita by far . 
  even with the rebate the uk is still a net contributor by a significant amount . 
  the difference in the case of scotland is that it in order not to have nuclear weapons on its territory it would be causing a nato ally huge expense . 
  this would seem a bit unfair if scotland wanted the benefit of nato membership . 
  the uk 's calculation was primarily a political one . 
  huge pressure was put on the the british government at the time of the first greek bailout to participate , differently for the irish bailout there was the question of an anglo-irish relations and also the anglo-irish banking relationship . 
  by the time of the subsequent bailouts , the uk public was tired of them and there was no telling where they might end . 
  the uk 's contributions to the first greek bailout and the irish bailout out meant that the amount that other countries ( including your country ) was less . 
  there is therefore a reason for you to form an opinion . 
  the a/v referendum was just two years ago . 
  electoral reform will likely be back on the table again after the next election - some parties might even put it in their manifestos this time round . 
  as just mentioned to you , the uk did contribute to the first greek bail out and the irish bailout . 
  given that the uk is not part of the euro , obviously the uk should not be paying for it when it screws up . 
  where is the special snowflake treatment ? 
  the uk 's net contribution per capita is more than some nations and less than others . 
  the uk contributed to the first greek bailout and the irish bailout and then indirectly to the other bailouts via the imf . 
  the rebate is already calculated by formula and linked to the uk 's contributions to the budget . 
  if the uk 's contributions go down , then the rebate goes down automatically . 
  it therefore does not need to be renegotiated . 
  there is a question over whether scotland gets its own rebate - which is a separate question . 
  i do n't think he has been criticised in westminster for not taking part in the debates . 
  it is possible that the conservatives destroy him - the conservatives have been practising regicide for decades . 
  of course , the uk would not lose the rebate . 
  it had been the policy of the scottish national party for many years not to be part of nato . 
  it is still the policy not to have any nuclear weapons in scotland . 
  i therefore do n't think nato membership is certain for scotland . 
  edit - the uk already shares as island with a country that is not part of nato - look at ireland . 
  it is going to be one of the most unpredictable elections for a while . 
  i agree with you that the no campaign has been very negative indeed . 
  however , cameron has not played a significant part in it . 
  it is possible that some people are more likely to vote yes if they think cameron would go . 
  however , my feeling is that this would be a marginal amount of people and unlikely to change the result . 
  but i suppose it is in the balance . 
  psephologists argue about this . 
  originally it seemed that ukip were taking far more votes from the conservative party . 
  however , in the last two years ( since , say , may 2012 ) [ it seems that the gap between the conservatives and labour is shrinking , yet ukip are gaining . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) this appears to suggest that recently ukip take more votes from the labour party . 
  it is possible the cameron would resign or be pushed if scotland votes for independence . 
  however , i think this is somewhat unlikely - almost nobody thinks cameron has done anything wrong during the campaign . 
  i think people have strong opinions about corruption too ... 
  ukip also take votes off the labour party . 
  i think he is butthurt about something . 
  the uk and the usa are natural allies . 
  rest of europe ? 
  not so much . 
  do n't you think they should request asylum in france ? 
  what should the french government do ? 
  buy beer and popcorn . 
  watch the show . 
  why would that seem odd ? 
  i agree though - you will all do great without the uk in the eu and it is much better for everyone involved . 
  as already mentioned to you , the uk not wanting id cards is nothing to do with the eu , so no need to try and pretend the issues are the same . 
  there are many other countries in the world that are opposed to id cards , that are nothing to do with the eu , as already mentioned to you . 
  why do you think the eu is relevant here ? 
  also , it seems abundantly clear that the case here the requirement for french people to have id cards has no impact on the calais crisis , so obviously making brits carry id cards also would n't help that crisis , so i find it very odd that you are somehow trying to link the two issues . 
  the best way for the uk to control people being in the uk illegally is obviously to control borders : as is shown by the calais situation france seems to be totally unable to control its own borders . 
  as for petulant child - less of that please .
