   `` they are racist and have been infected by the far right '' ukip founder alan sked i 'm afraid sked 's voice is extremely biased , him having been previously within ukip . 
   i would think you 'd know the party you vote for but it appears your brand of ignorance goes even further than theirs . 
  i 'm not ignorant . 
  wanting out of the eu is not far right . 
  wanting to control immigration is not far right . 
  the guy that asked the question has a lithuanian flare . 
   you know , you do n't actually speak for `` british people '' . 
  we each only speak for ourselves , but you appear not have any knowledge of the british people . 
  people in the uk do not feel nostalgic about the empire . 
  please stop claiming that they do . 
  not only is it nonsense , it is also offensive nonsense . 
  separately , i am not arguing from a minoity position . 
  there is no majority of people that think that people in the uk are nostalgic about empire . 
  it is just a small minority of somewhat bitter and offensive individuals of which you seem to be a member . 
   i wanted to be offensive , i 'd say something like `` the country would have been better off in the long run if they 'd lost the falklands war . 
  this would have been very sad for the people of the falkand islands and their ability to choose their own self-defermination . 
  yes , they are . 
  i feel the same way about reu immigration as i do about immigration from the rest of the world . 
   i do n't really think internal immigration is the main issue here , but you 're wrong . 
  uk is not a schengen country , they can controll it immigration from within the eu is a massive issue . 
  the uk can not control eu immigration , because schengen only deals with crossing borders and not free movement of workers . 
   there 's plethora publications on the subject . 
  link to any ? 
  i have not seen any . 
   the advantage is potentially there . 
  i 'll put it like this : would you risk half of your salary for next 10 years on a dice roll , if rolling 6 would give you 10 % rise ? 
  i do n't think these are the odds . 
  most papers i have seen put the economic arguments finely even . 
   it 's funny what people say to get elected . 
  not really . 
  these people believe that the uk would be better out of the eu and have been honest about it . 
  the uk can control immigration from outside the eu but not from within the eu . 
  the uk 's language is a far bigger pull from within the eu than french or spanish are for france and spain . 
  no idea why you got downvoted !, 
  have an upvote !, 
  these figures are not up to date . 
   there are about as many people migrating to eu countries as there are coming in . 
  no , far more people are moving from reu to uk than the other way round . 
   i did n't say that , but the fundament of the eu is an economical union . 
  it started out as the eec , the euro was one of it 's biggest projects . 
  on the other hand , we do n't have a minister of foreign affairs . 
  the euro is not just an economic tool it is also a political tool as obviously economics and politics can not be separated easily . 
  as we are seeing today , for the euro to work , politics must start to align . 
  the very first treaties of the eec had `` ever closer union '' in them - this has always been seen as a specific mandate for loss of sovereignty and political union . 
  while there is not a minister for foreign affairs , there is an external action force which is gradually taking on the trappings of foreign affairs . 
   could you give me some examples of things that lead you to this conclusion ? 
  we can look at some specific instances : - the euro leads to poor outcomes as it imposes a single interest rate on vastly different ecnomies . 
  this partly caused the irish financial crash and the chaos in greece now . 
  - a democracy works best when it has an aggressive media holding politicians to account and scrutinising every move by ministers . 
  there is no pan-european media holding eu politicians to account , so they can act with imputinity in relation to their expenses . 
  on a national level , this causes a scandal . 
  - the courts of the eu come up with poor decisions . 
  for example , in a whole host of recent fields , like right to anonymity , insurance premiums in cars for men and women , whether being obese is a disability , the eu courts make poor decisions which they impose on national legal systems . 
  it should be for nations to decide this in their own parliaments . 
   i do n't get why people downvoted you ... eusceptic posts get downvoted . 
  it is that simple . 
  look at my posts !, 
  no , i 'm happy to stay here . 
   the possible chain of events that `` brexit '' could trigger would be disastrous to entire ` western world ' , politically and economically . 
  describe them . 
   bunch of uneducated xenophobic brits could obliterate world order i 'm quite comfortable in . 
  i am educated and not remotely xenophobic . 
   you 're about to risk a lot in a gamble you 're a lot more likely to lose in than win , to get negligible advantage . 
  i see considerable advantage . 
   luckily only most insane politicians talk seriously about it . 
  not really . 
  i think about a third of the parliamentary conservative party might well already be on the `` out '' side . 
  honestly , you need to argue your case . 
  just saying it does not make it so . 
   cooperation does n't have to include federalization or a common currency . 
  quite right too . 
  and co-operation should extend round as much of the globe as possible . 
  ok . rather than `` queen '' we meant `` the real queen '' . 
  it undermines national democracy and leads to poor outcomes for citizens . 
   i 'm curious though how cabbies handle uberpop in other countries ? 
  it sounds like in the uk the cabbies are gradually joining uber . 
  ( makes sense to me . ), 
  with luck we 'll be out of that too soon . 
   now that 's just plain wrong . 
  you really think that the eu is not a political entity ? 
  where have you been ?!, 
  the eu does not even pretend not to be a political entity . 
   i 'd rather not learn chinese and russian anytime soon thank you very much . 
  there 's no reason for you to do that . 
  no , ukip are not far right . 
  please , be realistic . 
  wanting out of the eu and wanting to control immigration is not far right . 
  ( every country in the world has controls on immigration of some description , it is ridiculous to think that these controls should not be amended . ), 
   do i really have to explain the advantages of working together , standing as one etc ? 
  yes . 
  there is no point standing as one with others if it is not in your own interests to do so . 
  i did n't have much respect for them before the election , so my opinion has not really changed . 
   there 's also no reason to think that the eu inhibits any global look . 
  actually , it does . 
  the eu is a customs union , meaning that the uk can not do trade deals with other countries in the world . 
  and the eu is trying to align foreign policy , which means that the uk 's foreign policy options within the eu will be constrained . 
   honestly , i do n't have time to argue with you . 
  go ahead , vote for british exit from eu . 
  it will ruin your country , likely trigger scotland independence , but it 's shadow of it former self anyway so maybe keeping ex-empire on life support is cruelty . 
  you seem quite butt hurt .
