  the uk has ( low ) inflation , whereas parts of the eurozone have deflation . 
  the uk has high economic growth and fast falling unemployment , which is different from much of the eurozone . 
   if spain 's long-term economic prospects were so dire , the markets would still be asking much higher yields for its public debt . 
  no , sovereign debt yields depend on a multiplicity of factors and the health of the local economy is just one factor . 
  the main reason for the fall in spanish bond yields is not improvements in the spanish economy , butmario draghi 's statement about the ecb doing whatever it will take . 
  there has also been a fall in equities , deflation and emerging markets have also performed poorly , which have pushed investors back into sovereign debt . 
   i just checked in bloomberg.com and right now , the yields on spanish 10 year government bonds are just below equivalent uk gilts ( 2.66 % vs. 2.67 % ) . 
  moreover , the yields on spanish public debt are falling , whereas those on british debt are rising . 
  all of this means that spain can now finance its public debt at lower interest rates than britain . 
  i doubt that would be the case without the euro ... 
  the yields are low because spain is basically in deflation , whereas the uk is n't . 
  spain 's macro-economics do not look great unfortunately and there is still devastating unemployment , much of which ends up coming to london to work . 
  we will see what happens in 10 years time !, 
   at the same time , much of the discontent in the uk against the eu is about the immigration resulting from just that expansion into eastern europe , is n't it ? 
  it is , although personally i am largely pro-immigration from eastern europe into the uk . 
   the cap existed even before the uk joined , and has been much reformed since . 
  not nearly enough . 
  it is still a crazy 40 % of the eu budget . 
   as for emu , according to you guys it should have collapsed back in 2012 . 
  not only it has n't , but new countries keep joining the eurozone . 
  it has n't collapsed , but it has n't really brought about the prosperity and jobs in southern europe , has it ... portugal , italy , greece and spain are hardly recovering . 
  the eurozone is going to have to become a transfer-union . 
  hopefully german taxpayers will be happy about that . 
  but she was fundamentally right . 
  this is what she said about the euro :  `` germany and france would finish up paying all the regional subventions that the poorer countries would insist upon if they were going to lose their ability to compete on the basis of a currency that reflected their economic performance . '' i guess the only thing she was n't right about was that it will just be germany , [ also paying for france . 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/eu-elections-2014/hollandes-ambitious-new-deal-europe-303055 ) good luck with that !, 
   indeed . 
  [ margaret thatcher became increasingly eusceptic ... !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tetk_ayo1x4 )  ( reluctant and dysfunctional yet oddly effective ) i agree , some things have worked well , mainly the single market and expansion into eastern europe - these are things that the uk has been the strongest advocate of . 
  some things have not worked well , mainly the euro/cap etc. ... 
   there are well over a billion indians in india who are raised with tales of british exploitation . 
  when they hear a briton talk about `` free trade '' , most of them will think of the east india company ... 
  most indians in india actually like brits , differently from a lot of continentals who do n't seem to like us at all !, 
  a lot of the things that work well in india today have a british flavour and india has been very happy to stay in the commonwealth . 
  it is in india 's interests to put in place good trade links with the uk too , not just the uk 's . 
  i think this should be one of the key policies of the uk government post a brexit . 
   thing is , the last 70 years or so were less successful . 
  as in the period from 1944-2014 ? 
  it has been a mixed period for the uk , one of the consequences of winning wwii was that the uk , differently from most of the rest of the eu , did n't think it needed to change . 
  and this did lead to a period of decline in the uk between roughly 1944 to 1978 which most people in the uk started to believe was permanent . 
  [ not everyone believed this though . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/margaret_thatcher ) the uk in 2014 no longer needs to feel unconfident !, 
   uk could be the first country to leave eu and because of this eu must respond harshly in order to set a warning for the rest . 
  yes , there is a risk that the eu will want to punish both itself and the uk by resorting to protectionism when we leave . 
  eusceptics need to be prepared for this . 
  however , protectionist tendencies within the eu are not a reason to stay in the eu . 
   and why is `` every other country '' happy to move towards federalism but the uk not ? 
  the uk is n't happy about it mainly because of the last couple of hundred years of history in which the uk thinks it can do fine as an independent nation . 
  most of the rest of europe had a less happy experience of 20th century history and thus they are more inclined to want european federalism . 
   if you ca n't get along in a group where 27 other countries manage to find accomodation , and which quite a few others queue up to join , what makes you think you are going to find that easy ? 
  the reason we ca n't get along in the eu and every other country can is because every other country is happy to move towards federalism but the uk is n't . 
  this situation wo n't be relevant when it comes to organising free trade deals . 
  those are in the interests of both parties . 
   and , of all countries in the world , i guess they will be least receptive to britain 's ( remember what that spinning wheel on india 's flag stands for ... ) it is only a matter of time before india starts to want more free trade and when that day comes , the uk needs to be ready to get in there . 
  there are roughly one million brits with indian heritage ( who tend to have integrated into british culture extremely well ) and uk/indian relations are actually very good , with india being one of the largest sources of foreign direct investment in the uk etc. 
   we need the uk as an opposition inside the eu ... 
  this may be something that you want , but this view does not seem to be generally shared either on this sub or elsewhere . 
  as a brit i watch with increasing horror over the years as it has become evident that the uk is the only effective opposition within the eu . 
  this role of the uk in the eu is not sustainable in the long term and i think it is time for a brexit and an entirely new relationship to be created . 
   discussion with you is like running around a circle . 
  maybe next time do n't call people xenophobes when you do n't have any evidence ? 
  just a thought . 
   i see you would like play in `` who call whom worse '' but i think it 's worthless . 
  dude , if you call people xenophobes without any evidence , you should expect them to ask you to explain your reasoning . 
  then , if in the same thread you say that race is a factor when it comes to a nation , expect to be questioned on it . 
   but all i heard is we have channel between as . 
  dude , the atlantic ocean is a reason you gave for not wanting common governance with the usa . 
  if that is a good reason , then i can use the channel !, 
  but , this was not a reason i gave . 
  i was just explaining why a body of water is not a good reason . 
   we do n't want to have common government with continentals ( that is little but still xenophobic ) . 
  no , it is not xenophobic . 
   your argument that you do n't want to have common government with `` continentals '' sounded a little bit xenophobic that 's all . 
  no , it is n't at all xenophobic . 
  just like you not wanting common governance with usa is n't xenophobic . 
  hopefully you will stop calling people xenophobes now without any evidence . 
   i see you chose the easiest patch `` call him racist '' one . 
  i 've not called you a racist , have i ? 
  you said that race is a factor when it comes to governance . 
  i said i disagreed . 
   of course , you could subtract the 50 billion euros ' worth of british exports to the us from the eu total , and that would indeed make the uk the `` largest export market '' of the rest of the eu , but still scarcely ahead of the us . 
  yes , agreed . 
  the uk is the eu 's largest export market by a small margin . 
   negotiating an fta between the us and the eu is proving notoriously arduous . 
  yes , it is very difficult . 
  and agreeing a fta between the eu and india has just been shelved . 
  the eu and canada fta has also been surprisingly slow . 
  and the china/eu and japan/eu fta negotiations have not started . 
  differently , switzerland has been much quicker at agreeing ftas and is negotiating one with india and already has one with japan , china and canada . 
  after a brexit , i expect the uk to be quick at putting in place ftas with as much of the world as possible . 
   i imply that you are xenophobe not all eurosceptics . 
  dude , i 'm not sure how i can put this in simpler terms , but i will have a go . 
  - you do not want common governance with the usa , for various reasons that are unrelated to xenophobia . 
  - i do not want common governance with the eu , for various reasons that are unrelated to xenophobia . 
  - why would you imply that i am a xenophobe ? 
  you do n't know anything about my reasons or anything else about me !, 
  it is extremely poor form to suggest that someone is a xenophobe when you have no evidence for it !, 
   common religion , race and culture . 
  i do n't think race has anything to do with it . 
   bu i did n't say anything like that :d wtf man .
