  if you do n't want to pay , make different choices . 
  the uk is not forcing you to make this choice . 
   he wants to make the transition to the economic and monetary union by 2025 as pleasant as possible the question is what does the eu do about those countries that do not want to join the euro ? 
  is moscovici also going to ensure that that choice is also as pleasant as possible ? 
  if not , then we start to get into godfather territory , which is why the quotation works so well . 
   and now you 're choosing to not host them any more by leaving . 
  we are not choosing not to host them . 
  we do n't care whether or not we host them . 
  you seem to care about this , which is why you should pay . 
  pretty sure that we do understand the french point of view about terrorist activities and pretty sure they understand ours . 
  that 's because it is the same point of view . 
   putting a gun to a temple and forcing a signature , or else `` bada-bing , you got brains all over the table '' is hardly an attractive offer . 
  but it works , which is exactly why it happened in the godfather and why it will happen with the eurozone . 
  i am not suggesting that we host them . 
   it would cut off the greek state of the capital markets in the long term . 
  banks forgive and forget . 
  they did with iceland , they did with argentina . 
  this is n't the first greek default after all . 
   they better just make lenders take a hit . 
  the original private sector lenders already got out of greece . 
  the current lenders are now european tax payers . 
  to me it seemed he was deliberately referencing the godfather . 
  this is one of the reasons why brexit is so interesting . 
  it does n't just have massive implications for the uk , it forces the eu to face up to difficult questions too , that previously it ignored . 
   just do it without any connection to us . 
  we pay for your defence . 
   the need to move the agencies is a direct result of britains decision to leave no , it is not a direct result of the uk 's decision to leave the eu . 
  it is a direct result of the eu wanting the eu agencies to move . 
   we are better off not having anything to do with you , nothing . 
  uk will continue to be an example of liberal democracy to the eu - one of the few european countries that did not succumb to extremism over the last century . 
   the uk voted against it and thus , they 're leaving . 
  feel free to move the eu agencies wherever you like . 
  though the costs of moving these agencies are for the eu which is the one who wants them to be moved . 
  we are indifferent . 
  it is our choice to leave , but us leaving says nothing about where the ema and eba get located . 
  you can put them anywhere . 
  that is your choice . 
  i would say that there are some people within the labour party that are relatively hard left ( i.e. 
  would fit in with parties like german linke or spanish podemos or greek syriza or french front de gauche ) . 
  jeremy corbyn and his closest advisors are examples of this . 
  the majority of people in the labour party are more similar to standard european social democracy ( e.g. 
  german sdp , french ps , spanish psoe etc ) . 
  these two factions within the uk labour party have been in civil war for a while . 
  currently the corbynites have the upper hand , the results of the general election could change that . 
   the costs of moving them relate to your choice of leaving . 
  no , they do n't . 
  we are not insisting that they are moved . 
  this is your choice . 
  the tories will win a landslide and have a majority of more than 100 seats . 
  hopefully that will teach the labour party to stop insulting the electorate with leaders like corbyn and instead select a leader that the british people could imagine voting for . 
  i have thought for a long time that the germans will vote in massive numbers for the cdu/fdp . 
  i am not at all surprised that the polls are starting to show this . 
   the fact that eu agencies wo n't be in non-eu countries being one of them . 
  if eu wants to move them , it can pay for those costs . 
  uk does not care where they are . 
  you can put them on the moon if you like . 
  the costs of moving them relate to your choice of moving them . 
   but at this point none of this shocks me any more , this is the sad thing . 
  this is just another terrorist attack . 
  not the first . 
  not the last . 
  it is very likely there will be several more serious terrorist attacks in europe this year . 
  this the new normal . 
  children at a concert being killed . 
  it should be shocking , but this was simply just another attack among the many we have seen in recent years . 
  personally i do not see a need for an optional id in the uk . 
  i do n't believe in introducing things if there is not a need for them . 
  i like passports because they are optional . 
  yes - sadly there will have been mainly young people in the audience . 
  there was an attack on sweden a few months ago and germany before christmas . 
  honestly , i do not think uk or france 's foreign police is the reason for attacks . 
  i guess with the 24 hour news cycle and internet etc the danish news on this will be as quick as the uk news and have the same information . 
  if it is terrorism , of course it will be a dominating news item all over europe for several days.though , sadly , in europe we are getting several attacks lately . 
  i do n't think it will have any impact on the election . 
  still no confirmation of terrorism , so let 's hope that there is some other cause . 
  edit / seems that more than 20 people have died and many more injured . 
  no - as at quarter past midnight ( uk time ) it seems that there is no certainty about the number of deaths or about the causes . 
  thanks for the thoughts !, 
  same . 
  we know there are fatalities , so even if it is n't terrorism it is still going to be a sad day for manchester . 
  i never need to prove who i am . 
  if someone wants to know who i am i just tell them . 
  the cops can try and prove my car is stolen , but if it is n't stolen i am not sure how they would prove it . 
  i do n't want to spend an extra 350 million on the nhs . 
  i voted for brexit but do n't think we should give more money to the nhs . 
  i tell them who i am . 
  uk does not have id cards or any compulsory id . 
  it works . 
   you have to prove your identity , how do you do it ? 
  as already mentioned , you do n't have to prove your identity . 
   if your interrest is only to benefit your own country , to the detriment of others poland not being in the euro gives no detriment to others . 
   the swedish government should find a solution for this problem , since they were the ones who agreed to this without the support of their electorate . 
  the swedish people changed their mind on the euro when confronted with evidence . 
  they already found the solution - not adopting the euro . 
   the eu has to be the neutral enforcer of the treaties , which means sweden has to join the euro , exploiting a loophole is not acceptable in the long term . 
  eu should therefore change the treaties so that sweden no longer has a legal obligation to join the euro . 
  problem solved . 
   i do n't want to force peope to do something against their will , but this is not a problem caused by the eu , but rather by the swedish government . 
  there is n't a problem at all . 
  also , not wanting to join the euro is the position of the swedish people .
