  the brexit referendum caused large stock exchange falls around the world . 
  i believe milan and madrid lost as much as ten per cent the following day , with london losing only three per cent by the end of trading ( but obviously the pound had gone down in value ) . 
  i agree le pen could see a crazy day on the markets !, 
   this would be news to me . 
  where specifically does it say that ? 
  article 127 of the treaty of european union . 
  ( as a eurosceptic lawyer , my only regret of brexit is the hours of my life spent reading eu law . 
  i will never get those back again . ), 
   does n't the boe specifically have growth and employment stability explicitly outlined in its charter ? 
  you are right that employment and growth are specifically mentioned in the boe 's mandate . 
  but these are subject to price stability and not equal to it . 
  i think the difference is not so much the legal responsibilities , but the different political culture and way of interpreting the legal responsibilities . 
  think about that when you try and change the ecb 's mandate . 
  what you really need to change is german culture . 
   going forward , the eu needs to make sure that they put the institutional mechanisms in place to make sure the single mandate is actually viable and sustainable in the future . 
  it is not accurate to say that the ecb has a single mandate . 
  it is true that price stability is the primary objective , but note that the ecb has a secondary objective of the general economic polices of the eu . 
  in the uk this is somewhat similar , although arguably objectives of economic growth and employment are given higher priority . 
  please stop your bigotry or i expect you will be banned . 
   props to estonia , for a country their size and with their economy i 'm glad they are commited to nato as much as they are . 
  me too . 
  hopefully other countries can be inspired by estonia to take european security seriously . 
  those countries that are not committed to nato really need to step up and demonstrate solidarity . 
   it is our responsibility as voters of the uk to take politicians to task now , and hold them responsible when they fuck up . 
  i completely agree with you . 
   this is what a small portion of the english want . 
  all polling suggests that a large majority of british people want a reduction in immigration . 
  there is no significant different between scottish and english voters here . 
   what were getting is whatever chairman may can make up as she goes along . 
  immigration legislation is of course something for parliament to come up with . 
   uk is undergoing a very sudden change , which is why it may be hit by shortages that do not or could not happen in canada and australia . 
  we do not yet know how sudden the changes will be to uk immigration policy , because the uk government has not yet confirmed its intention here and we also do not know what parliament will want here . 
  what we do know if that expert economists were predicting rising unemployment caused by the referendum . 
  now it seems that they are predicting shortages of workers . 
   fine , i 'll rephrase that as any additional barriers . 
  because of the english language and because of the job market we know that the uk does not tend to have a problem attracting immigration , just like the usa , canada and australia . 
  the uk currently has roughly net immigration of 300,000 per year iirc . 
  who knows how many hundreds of thousands of people from around the globe would choose to move to the uk if it were not for the current barriers ? 
  it is entirely conceivable that when we leave the eu we remove some barriers on people from non-eu countries and more of those move to the uk . 
  the good news is that these decisions are ones that the uk parliament will have to make . 
  gone are the days in which they can blame the eu for immigration policy . 
  they will have to be accountable themselves . 
   any barriers at all will have an effect , though , bearing in mind that these people will have other opportunities and other countries to move to work in . 
  all countries already have barriers to immigration . 
  the uk already has barriers , which already have an effect . 
  there are already people that would like to go to the uk and be economically active in the uk who do not go because of those barriers . 
  there is not one country in the world that has no immigration controls whatsoever . 
  we are simply going to have a different set of barriers . 
  if the usa , canada , australia etc manage to have hospitality sectors without free movement with the eu , the uk will manage this too . 
  but there is no existing franchise that excludes both commonwealth and eu citizens . 
  a new one would have needed to be created . 
  so we used the general election franchise . 
  i recall this was debated in parliament many times . 
  i am on a phone now , but am sure you can either find the debates on hansard or see the various amendments that were proposed , the white paper on parliament website . 
  or if you remind me i can look into this tomorrow . 
   the narrative about the exit bill must change . 
  i agree with you . 
  i find it really weird how this became the language that people started to use . 
  there are costs we incur and benefits we accrue as part of our membership of the eu that will have to be accounted for whether we remain in the eu or leave the eu . 
  this is nothing to with leaving the eu and everything to do with being a member of the eu . 
  the only difference leaving makes is the date of payment ( and of course if we pay early or late the bill will get accounting adjustments to reflect that ) . 
  part of the reason this language is used is because remainers hoped that people would start to think that leaving has this massive cost and therefore people would want to remain . 
  but this is nonsense because these are costs that we have to pay if we remain too . 
  except if we remain we keep on incurring new costs . 
  then some leavers started thinking it is also useful to call it a massive leaving bill , because then the public might turn against the bill and the government would be forced to refuse to pay making brexit even harder . 
  then the government deliberately said not much about it at all , because it is partly going to be negotiated . 
  for things like horizon 2020 , if we participate in this it will be something we pay for on an ongoing basis , but nothing to do with the 30-50 billion . 
  lol ;-), 
   it will remain the lingua franca , but the british will lose all control over it . 
  british have never tried to control the english language . 
  we have never had something like the academie francaise for example . 
  we simply accept that the language is alive and evolving . 
   what would have been fair is having a rule that the majority in all four countries had to vote in favour of the move . 
  no , that would not have been fair . 
  each person 's vote should count equally . 
   in general , this was too important to leave to the whim of an ill-informed electorate . 
  at its heart this referendum was about where sovereignty should lie . 
  only the people can decide that . 
   not like anyone 's ever heard of santander or bbva or anything . 
  yeah , the hqs are technically elsewhere , but the main operations are in madrid . 
  santander 's main operation is in london , right ? 
  i am not sure where bbva 's main operation is as i have not done that much work with them . 
   i am talking , as a law student and someone interested in constitutional matters , about a technical point of the referendum . 
  as a matter of law , the reason why commonwealth citizens were given the vote was because they are already on our general election franchise . 
  in order to exclude them from the vote , we would have had to create a different franchise . 
  that was considered to have been arbitrary . 
   you have no idea what 's going to happen . 
  none of us can predict the future . 
  that is a self-evident part of the human condition . 
  they are a bit behind amsterdam and brussels , but not loads behind . 
   when politicians say that `` now is not the time '' they usually mean that it 's never the time . 
  we know that the uk government is happy for scotland to have a referendum , because we know it has already happened very recently . 
   what i heard from this very subreddit is that support for a second referendum is higher than ever . 
  this sub reddit is not representative . 
   as said is it really abuse or is it people saying it 's stupid in the same way that people constantly ( leaving aside the arguments ) call feminists or communists or `` sjws '' stupid on reddit ? 
  it was specific abuse which the moderators rightly deleted . 
   no-one is abusing british people anyway so at least we agree there there have also been specific bigoted remarks made about the uk generally and also british people generally . 
  they have also been deleted . 
   any educated , well off briton under the age of 50 has grown used to easy travel , work and residence throughout the eu . 
  well off educated brit under the age of 50 here .
