  suffice is to say that the volume of regulation that the financial sector needs to comply with is massive and also on the increase . 
  the uk and the eu have not been shy of enacting regulatory reform in the last few years . 
  the dramatic reforms have been things like the banking reform act ( passed at the end of last year ) and the financial services act ( came into force in april last year ) . 
  most countries in the world do n't have a financial transactions tax . 
  i 'm only aware of france and italy in europe and a couple of countries in south america having one . 
  a minority of eu member states are currently considering a financial transactions tax , though this is very uncertain and the subject of a legal challenge from the uk and luxembourg . 
  because the uk is not in the euro , certain reforms that are being made within the euro zone are not relevant to the uk . 
  however , a majority of eu law and regulation related to financial services and banking does apply to the uk and , off the top of my head in the last few years , this includes changes to the prospectus directive , capital requirements regulation , credit rating agencies regulation , market infrastructure , alternative investment fund management directive ( all already in force in the uk ) and market abuse regulation and markets in financial instruments regulation ( currently being negotiated ) . 
  the cumulation of all these reforms is very dramatic . 
  perhaps you do n't work in finance ? 
  i do - the regulatory environment is totally different from several years ago . 
  there have been dramatic reforms across the financial sector in the uk , in europe and across the world generally since the start of the financial crisis . 
  the uk has not been slow to implement reforms . 
  almost no nation in europe wants a federal europe , but particularly not britain . 
  you need to get realistic . 
  no - democracy will prevent britain joining . 
  the british people will not vote to join a federal europe . 
  you do n't have the power to stop us voting . 
  the british people will never vote for a federal europe . 
  if you want a federal europe , you had better accept this and do it without us . 
  you may be richer than les rosbifs , but our secret weapon is your president , le cher monsieur normal . 
  i feel that he will contribute to britain overtaking france in terms of wealth again . 
  it will be the ultimate irony - england and france - les meilleurs ennemis - uniting forces to destroy the eu  i 'll pm you if i around . 
  / u/neredev , are you in paris ? 
  next time i am there i will buy you a beer . 
  as we have discussed before , you / u/angry _ spaniard and i , the situation in spain is far from good . 
  i have lots of spanish friends in london who say they will never go back . 
  the worrying thing is that when i ask them `` what is the solution for spain ? '', 
  they have no answers . 
  let 's be honest . 
  britain is never joining a federal europe . 
  you do n't need to worry about british overseas crown dependencies . 
  you 're naughty . 
  but i like you . 
  we do n't know what will happen as this constitutional provision is a new one . 
  it might be the case , for example , that the commission proposes the candidate nominated by the party with the most votes , perhaps the epp candidate . 
  or it might be the case that if pes and alde together have more seats than epp and they indicate after the elections that they can agree a preferred candidate together , that the commission will follow that choice in their proposal . 
  it is also possible that after the elections the groupings change somewhat , with some local delegations moving to different groups . 
  and it might be the case that both the commission and the parliament take into account the views of the member states . 
  we just do n't know for certain . 
  the policy that you mentioned is not an example of ethnic cleansing , as unpleasant as it maybe . 
  of course , it is possible that they could , if they were in power , adopt a different policy which would be ethnic cleansing . 
  given that they have never had any political power in britain , it does not really make sense to say whether or not you trust them . 
  the term `` ethnic cleaning '' should not be devalued to describe things that are not ethnic cleansing , particularly when there are real examples of ethnic cleansing taking place in the world today . 
  there is n't a legal veto . 
  however , there might be a political veto . 
  i guess i am making the point that with technology as it now exists , it is easier than ever for people to follow the news across the globe . 
  i personally read a few european and north american news sources every day . 
  given that the opportunity is there for most europeans to follow the news around europe already , if they are not doing that , it reflects a choice that they are making . 
  i do n't think it matters if some europeans prefer not to follow news across europe . 
  presseurop was a news source for people who : ( a ) are technically literate ( b ) who use presseurop , ( c ) are interested enough in european affairs to subscribe to read presseurop . 
  other than the english speaking part , it is basically the same minority . 
  and there is plenty of non-english language material relating to europe on the various subs . 
  problem solved . 
  depends on your definition of power , of course . 
  i did not expect the uk to be ranked higher than china and russia , but being ranked higher than france is not a surprise . 
  it 's not ethnic cleaning , but it is still not a good policy . 
  you wo n't for much longer . 
  he is going to be unseated from may . 
  r/europe is basically a common european news source already . 
  so i think we already have one ... 
  noted . 
  i appreciate that not everyone 's learning needs / methods are exactly the same . 
  if you are serious about wanting to learn a language , my advice is to just chose one to start with and try and do some learning every day . 
  and also try and arrange some travel to a country that speaks that language , even for a holiday , so that the idea of it becomes more real . 
  there is nothing to stop you starting a political party in britain that is affiliated to the epp then standing in the elections and voting for yourself . 
  ( i 'm not saying this is easy , but `` literally impossible '' is not quite true . ), 
  which language do you want to learn / get a qualification in ? 
  you can still take exams in foreign languages , even if you learn them privately . 
  you can also learn languages in classroom situations privately too . 
  the article struck me as being somewhat sensational . 
  i also note that it was based on a report that is many years old . 
  of course , all corruption is a problem and efforts should always be made to clear it up . 
  i think we should be realistic about the scale of the problem compared to elsewhere . 
  i think corruption is still very low in the uk and that in most cases the rule of law and proper administration of justice is not curtailed . 
  as a brit i am now feeling slightly guilty about not speaking danish . 
  it is tough for brits . 
  everyone speaks english , but we ca n't learn all of their languages . 
  in the uk most people can now watch tv from many countries . 
  there are n't passport controls between uk and ireland . 
  uk and ireland are part of a common travel area . 
  agreed - a language degree is not an advantage to most people in the job market . 
  we 're not falling behind the rest of the world though . 
  i 'm not sure what makes you think we will fall behind without speaking other languages . 
  why french ? 
  leaning french is not just in decline in the uk , all over the world fewer and fewer people are learning french . 
  i love the french language , literature and am a huge francophile . 
  but i ca n't understand why we should make everyone in britain learn french for ten years . 
  there 's just no need . 
  knowing french is nice for me when i am in france . 
  but it has almost zero professional value for me . 
  i know lots of people who are british who live and work outside britain but only speak english . 
  i lived in italy for several years and i could have worked without knowing italian . 
  ( i do speak italian - but this was not really a professional advantage . ), 
  also - if you want to learn a language you should ' t blame the government . 
  with the internet and britain being so international it is now easier than ever to learn a language if you want to . 
  you just need to chose which one . 
  there 's just no way the uk will join schengen as the referendum would definitely lose . 
  interestingly , scotland would like to stay in the common travel area with ireland and the uk after independence , rather than joining schengen . 
  this is kind of unsurprising .
