  it sounds like we agree , then . 
  the eu is a completely different arrangements to other international arrangements that the uk is party to . 
  it impacts sovereignty in a way that has no parallels with other international agreements . 
   both norway and switzerland are part of the single-market , with exceptions which allow the free-trade of goods . 
  but they are not part of the customs union , which is why there is a customs border between them and the eu . 
   no free-trade : tarrifs and customs if what you will get . 
  the eu wants a free trade deal with the uk . 
  i know you are a protectionist but the eu wants free trade with the uk . 
   i 'm pointing out that to say `` you 'll be allowed to live in the uk under some rule they 've yet to decide on '' is not only vague , but an assumption . 
  it is a realistic assumption , because it reflects the clear statements and actions of the uk government that is likely to get re-elected with an overwhelming majority . 
   i somehow doubt that most who voted to leave did so because they want no import tariffs and vat on the already undervalued chinese goods . 
  the ability to reduce tariffs was one of the reasons why i voted leave . 
   and quite frankly , if nothing changes , i see no other way to solve the problem . 
  if britain is ok with the chinese selling / declaring consumer goods at values way below the market price ( in this particular case - below the market price of raw materials ) , and not paying vat , you can do it , but only in your country , please . 
  of course , in a future uk/eu fta there will be rules of origin requirements . 
   same as every agreement between countries . 
  that is not true . 
  [ note that many countries have a dualist approach to international law and treaties . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monism_and_dualism_in_international_law )  actually exactly the same . 
  this is exactly why i quoted this , people do n't seem to understand that international agreements is exactly what the eu is build upon . 
  not really . 
  the eu has no parallels in other international agreements , which do not create an entirely new legal system . 
  other international agreements that the uk is party to do not have direct effect in the uk and do not have primacy over the uk 's law . 
   and i do n't see how that has any impact since it was an advisory referendum , a very narrow win for leave , of course the uk government was not going to ignore the vote of the british people . 
  of course it was going to listen to them . 
   assuming that 's true ( because at this point it is just an assumption ) , what will the terms be ? 
  the closest we know about the terms are what was written in the uk government 's white paper . 
   but there are a huge amount of unanswered questions still that is the nature of democracies . 
  you can not predict with certainty the decisions that democracies make because there is an inherent uncertainty in giving people the vote and the power to decide how they want to be governed . 
   the sovereignty lost to the eu , is in many ways similar to sovereignty you always lose as a country when making multilateral agreements with a group of countries . 
  the big difference is that the eu is a supranational institution with a whole new legal order , which has primacy over the laws of the member states and direct effect into the laws of the member states . 
  that is an imposition on sovereignty that is very different from other international agreements , particularly in the context of the uk 's constitutional history . 
   on what basis ? 
  if may gets her way and the uk pulls out of the single market , that basically ends freedom of movement rights , under which i am currently living/working here ( unless i 'm completely misunderstanding ) . 
  the uk is definitely leaving the single market , that much is obvious . 
  the uk will let you live in the uk under a new basis , created by the uk , just as the uk lets people from all over the world live in the uk , under a basis created by the uk ,, 
   so what does that mean for those of us that have been living here for less than 5 years ? 
  will we get told to fuck off ? 
  will there be a transitional deal ? 
  even if there is no deal whatsoever , you will be able to stay . 
  i am responding to someone who wrote :  put hard borders and tarrifs and quotas on the brits . 
  someone who wants tariffs and quotas is a protectionist . 
   good luck . 
  i 'd still bet on the americans screwing over the brits somehow . 
  why ? 
  obviously , both the uk and the us want free trade with each other . 
  free trade is a mutually beneficial arrangement . 
   no because switzerland and norway are both part of the european free trade association which the uk will not be part of . 
  neither switzerland nor norway are in the customs union though , which is why there is a customs border between france and switzerland . 
   customs will be enforced somehow , how is anyone 's guess like they are enforced between norway and sweden . 
   the specificity of northern ireland only apply to nothern ireland , not to the whole uk . 
  a truck from liverpool should n't be able to move to dublin as it wants . 
  just as trucks between switzerland and france can move easily , just as trucks between norway and sweden can move easily , so will trucks between uk and ireland be able to move easy . 
   you forgot the last part . 
  somehow , customs checks have to be enforced that is not a hard border . 
  people will be able to cross the border freely . 
   the same woes that lead many brits to vote leave and send a message to westminster the message to westminster was that we wanted to leave the eu . 
  that is n't a woe . 
   not to mention the income distribution , since the uk is already one of the worst performing countries in europe , all the countries performing worst than the uk being eastern european . 
  weird that so many italians choose to move to the uk then . 
   you find the scottish hate comes from a minority of brexiters who are ultra english nationalists . 
  but we have those people in scotland too - the ultra snp lot . 
  the good news is that the anti-scottish people in england and the anti-english people in scotland are a small minority . 
  most english people and scottish people have a lot of genuine affection for each other . 
   there will be no hard border between ireland and the uk northern ireland . 
  no - please accept what ireland and the uk want here . 
  ireland has been extremely clear that it wants to maintain no hard border . 
  the eu has already agreed to it . 
   to convince an army of bigoted plebs to vote for it . 
  wanting to be a self-governing nation is not bigoted . 
  there will be no hard border between ireland and the uk . 
  please accept this . 
  the eu has already accepted it . 
  your protectionist instincts are exactly why is brits , who prefer free trade , had to leave . 
  the scottish people do n't want another referendum . 
  if they change their mind , they will make their voice heard and that voice will be respected . 
  the uk government should not proceed until the scottish people want one . 
  history and tradition is not a nationalist argument . 
  and saying that it is synonymous with english nationalism makes no sense . 
  try to debate the actual issues without slurring people . 
  in general i do n't find calling people nationalists helpful at all . 
  the vast majority of scottish people who want to preserve the union are not the type to go on marches . 
  i personally do not call people that want scotland to be an independent country nationalists , because this is simply a slur to avoid actual debate . 
  who is the `` they '' ? 
  i am talking about scottish people who want to maintain the union . 
  calling them nationalists is just a cheap way to slur them . 
   i was n't talking about the voters i was talking about the established institutions . 
  ( there were a few court cases etc. . . ) there was one court case , but it was n't about whether or not we would leave the eu . 
   it would n't have been the 1st time that a vote was overturned in europe . 
  this is one of the reasons why we wanted to leave . 
   2nd they had to re-evaluate obviously because the previous statement from cameron turned out to be false , & then had to continue to re-evaluate up until art. 50 was formally enacted . 
  so , let 's get this straight , when there was , according to you , some uncertainty about whether or not we would stay in the eu , the imf was less positive than it is now that they are sure we are leaving ? 
   now that it has things have begun to move . 
  uk economy still growing fast and unemployment still low . 
   it has only been confirmed recently . 
  no - since we voted it has been clear that we would leave . 
  in the uk , we respect the voters . 
   also your 1st point is only partially true due to the fact that those predictions were based on the words of cameron saying art. 50 would be enacted the next day . 
  not really . 
  for example , the imf made a prediction about the uk economy in autumn 2016 , when it was already clear that the uk would not trigger article 50 in june 2016 .
