  assuming that people who knew of him were the most likely to vote , that would correspond to about 15 % of the total vote . 
  compared to 0 % for barroso . 
  i 'd say it 's a significant improvement , and gives him much more legitimacy than any previous commission president . 
  the relevant percentage is the number of people who voted for hum who might have heard of him . 
  even if we assume that all of the 8.2 % of respondents who knew of him voted , ( reaching your 15 % ) , what percentage of those then voted for epp parties ? 
  remember epp got less than 30 % of the vote . 
   summed up , it makes no sense to use the argument that no brit voted for juncker when arguing that juncker has no legitimacy for a eu institution , and that the better alternative is direct nomination by the council . 
  this is n't really my argument . 
  the question over which system is best in terms of nominations for the head of the european commission is a separate question from how british people voted . 
   it does make sense to use that same argument to argue that juncker has little legitimacy over the uk , and therefore the uk should leave . 
  this also is n't really my main argument , but i do think the fact that juncker has huge power over the uk and nobody in the uk really has heard of him , voted for him or understands his powers is massively worrying . 
   it does however not make sense to state that , therefore , the uk should stay but ignore what juncker says ( as juncker does have more legitimacy than any other alternative that does not involve leaving the eu ) . 
  this is n't my argument either . 
   why not a free press held to account by an independent standards body ? 
  independent of whom ? 
  who pays their wages ? 
  what about newspapers that do n't sign up to be regulated in this way ? 
  do you imprison their journalists ? 
  or simply fine them ? 
   let 's see - proportion of media dedicated to hard fact-checking ... hmm , very low . 
  proportion of media dedicated to celebrities ... very high . 
  proportion of media dedicated to outright lies ... about the same as hard fact-checking . 
  proportion of media happy to repeat outright lies rather than do fact-checking ... very high . 
  we live in free societies . 
  we love freedom . 
  if there is a demand for news about celebrities , there will be a supply . 
  it does n't interest me , so i do n't consume it . 
  we really do n't want to start living in totalitarian societies where the elite decide what media is good for the masses . 
  it is far better for the masses to decide for themselves what they want to read . 
   only if your single objective is to campaign for uk to leave the eu ( with `` difference of ideologies '' as a main argument ) . 
  difference of ideologies is not my main argument . 
  i have multiple other arguments which are much more main . 
   if you 're trying to argue for juncker having less legitimacy because no brit voted for him , though , that argument makes no sense . 
  he does n't have legitimacy not because brits did not vote for him , but because almost nobody voted for him . 
  people across the eu ( the minority who actually could be bothered to vote ) voted largely in ignorance of him . 
  the fact that nobody had legitimacy does not mean that i should be happy about his tiny amount of legtimacy . 
   all poverty is relative , it 's always related to the living costs . 
  the measure for poverty used here is not related to living costs . 
  it is related to the national median equivalised disposable income . 
  these statistics do n't tell you anything about living costs . 
   so , nobody voted for the labour party ( pes , 24.43 % ) ? 
  nobody voted for the greens ( egp , 6.91 % ) ? 
  nobody voted for the snp ( efa , 2.37 % ) ? 
  nobody voted for the liberals ( alde , 6.61 % ) ? 
  people in the uk had no idea that there was a spitzenkandidaden sytem . 
  the labour party specifically told martin schulz not to come to the uk to campaign because they knew it would cause labour to lose votes . 
  people in the uk do not want a federal europe . 
  you can not use uk votes as an argument for junker . 
  polling has shown that british people were just not knowledgeable about it . 
   or are you angry that a candidate won from an european party that has no representation in the uk ? 
  well , guess what , the conservatives left the epp a few years ago , and nobody in the uk has formed a party allied to the epp after that . 
  are you going to ignore everyone else in europe who did have parties allied to the epp , and gave them a majority , just because you do n't ? 
  since when does that make sense ? 
  if anything , this shows that the euparl needs european-wide lists . 
  i really could not care less about what the european parliament does , my strong preference is for the uk to leave as soon as possible , then you can put in place whatever crazy system you like . 
  i would only warn yoy that putting in place political institutions when you have no underlying political culture will do as much harm as the single currency without a fiscal mechanism and open borders without controlled external borders has already done . 
   sure , many people were n't informed that they were also electing the commission president indirectly this time . 
  but every attempt was made to inform people , including live debates broadcasted all over the eu ( including the uk ! ) . 
  trying to impose a system which the people do n't like will not have good outcomes . 
  the fact that there were live debates but that people were not interested in them and that the turn out in the eu elections was at a record low should tell you something . 
   look , i respect that you are anti-eu and i agree with you on a lot of things you say in a lot of your comments here ( even i dislike juncker in a lot of things ) , but i 'm getting tired of hearing you ( and other redditors ) spout such non-sense . 
  the point that brits did not vote for junker is in my mind a good point to be made . 
  look at the context : i was responding to a poster saying that voters got junker there . 
  junker will not stand for european commission next time round anyway . 
  there will be some new eurocrat instead . 
   many people eat up everything the media says so the media will twist even the most mundane thing and take it out of context in order to sell papers . 
  having a free press is a good thing . 
  do you want the government to regulate the press ? 
   yeah , i know . 
  i just wish there was some way to keep all these old churches , villas , towers , hermitages and typical architecture alive ; the old spain . 
  i saw this when i did el camino de santiago , lots of abandoned villages . 
  it is odd because we do n't have this concept in the uk really . 
  villages never get abandoned . 
  british people love villages . 
  maybe we can do a deal ? 
   someone needs to keep the media in check too though , cause the amount of shit they often spew is sickening the people that consume media keep media in check . 
  if you do n't like it do n't buy it . 
  ( obviously , we do n't want governments to control the media . 
  obviously we want press to be free . ), 
  for too long aggressive and tabloid journalism has given the eu institutions a free pass . 
  i want the eu parliament to fear tabloid and aggressive journalism , they are the ultimate safeguard in a democracy . 
  this move from journalists is very welcome . 
   i do n't know how we ended up with bureaucrats deciding how powerful our vacuum cleaners should be or if we will ban guns . 
  it is inevitable that if you create a legislature that are removed from the people and have almost no media scrutiny , give them a massive salary and a lot of free time , that they will end up legislating in a haphazard and unhelpful way . 
  the outcome that eurocrats get involved in trivial things is inherent in the eu structure . 
   he seems to have forgotten that this time , voters got him there . 
  indirectly perhaps , but still via our votes . 
  i hope we can ger rid of him in the next elections nobody in the uk voted for him last time and nobody in the uk voted for him this time . 
  there is no way we can get rid of him ( unless we vote to leave the eu , which i hope ) . 
  i thought bailing out greece was a massive issue ? 
  yeah , i must admit i am already stockpiling popcorn , just thinking about the next french elections . 
  not that ours wo n't be entertaining too , 
  yes , but how they are performing economically compared to finland should be of interest to finns . 
  if finland made the wrong decision to join the euro , it would be helpful to understand why , even if you are n't planning on leaving the euro , so that you can avoid making related errors in the future . 
  sweden and denmark had referendums on the euro , but finland did n't . 
  also , leaving the euro should not be taboo for finland . 
  what is in your country 's best interests ? 
  if 50,000 finns want this to be debated in your parliament it should be . 
  danes , swedes , norwegians , faroese and icelandic do well outside the euro . 
  why not finns too ?
