  now that there is no referendum to worry about and we are leaving the eu , there is no reason not to fully commit to the policy of getting as many balkan countries as possible to join the eu . 
  this is just another of the many benefits of the brexit vote . 
  serbia trying to join the eu is still in uk 's interests ... 
   i guess they 're quite alright . 
  this is actually a wonderful compliment . 
  it is a frenchman using a classic british rhetorical device , [ the understatement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/understatement ) , to make a point in a humorous way . 
  i voted leave and i like you !, 
  today is the anniversary of the end of world war one . 
  world war one is but a distant memory across europe , but we have not forgotten it and we should n't forget it . 
  our great-grandfathers died in this horrible tragedy . 
  let 's remember them and ensure that this tragedy never gets repeated . 
   europe 's destiny is to be united and triumphant there is n't a destiny , because history is not finished . 
  but , united and triumphant does not appear to be something that the eu is able to achieve because the people do not want it . 
  you can have a federal eu and you can have democracy , but you can not have both . 
   britain comes next . 
  no thanks, 
   i 'll never get over a danish person saying that we ( europeans including the british ) invented soccer , it was just so odd for because in my head the ` we ' should have meant australia included with the uk not a dane included with the uk . 
  for most brits , aussies are culturally more similar to us than danes are . 
  this is one of the reasons why a european identity does not really make sense to us . 
  i live in london . 
  social media today makes brexit look like a nursery rhyme ... 
   also , come on , be serious , we have paris , the provence , best wine , best food , even a part of germany and spain . 
  what can you propose for that ? 
  those things are nice and i agree that you have a good country . 
  everyone in uk recognises that france is beautiful and it would be much better without the french ... ;-) but it does not compare with what we have , quoting shakespeare : `` this royal throne of kings , this sceptred isle , this earth of majesty , this seat of mars , this other eden , demi-paradise , this fortress built by nature for herself against infection and the hand of war , this happy breed of men , this little world , this precious stone set in the silver sea , which serves it in the office of a wall or as a moat defensive to a house , against the envy of less happier lands , -- this blessed plot , this earth , this realm , this england '', 
  brexit is happening . 
  the uk government and opposition are both committed to it . 
  get used to it !, 
  uk system also keeps extremists out of power building . 
  what did you expect uk and france to do after ww2 ? 
  uk is going to stay committed to nato and defending eastern europe . 
  this is really important to entire uk governing class . 
  we like you too . 
  but brexit was never about not liking nations and peoples . 
  it was about not liking the direction of the eu . 
  also , we know that you secretly want to be us ... 
  this message is a bit warmer than what merkel and hollande said . 
  may wants to get free trade with the us . 
  that is the substance . 
  speech massively exceeded expectations which totally calmed markets ... 
  ok , sounds like a vote for the tories then . 
   for the eu it would allow them the possibility to grabbing some skilled workers from the uk there is nothing to stop the eu from getting skilled workers from the uk without citizenship . 
  all member states need to do is let uk citizens work there and ensure that there are jobs going ( and there is good pay and good food and good weather ! ), 
  mmmmmmmmmmmmm, 
  this was also my first question . 
  seriously , who designed a chocolate that is painful to eat ?!, 
  i do n't get it . 
  stick to kitkats . 
  thanks - this is really interesting and perhaps you are right . 
  agreed . 
  this difference between the french and the german electorate does not seem to be going away though and is going to end up being a massive obstacle . 
  why do communists drink herbal tea ? 
  because proper tea is theft . 
   what you 've blamed on the eu in terms of countries imposing their wills on each other is no different than what the uk really is : one people dominating another . 
  this is not really the case . 
  in fact , the uk has for years been giving greater and greater powers to the various different parts of the uk . 
  this is the opposite of the eu . 
  tell that the geoffrey howe or david owen - some of the uk 's most significant foreign secretaries in recent years who have been welsh . 
   that basically means that wales weigh nothing towards the uk , that 's the point i was making . 
  the population of wales is about 3 million . 
  wales sends 40 mps to the house of commons and wales also has its own assembly . 
  an individual in wales has the same ability as an individual in england to influence legislation or foreign relations in the uk . 
   the welsh situationally had influence in a british decision . 
  every individual 's vote counted the same . 
  the weight of a welshman 's vote was not more or less than the vote of scot or and englishman . 
  that is how things should be . 
   the fact remains they as a people and area barely have any influence in the uk , even though it has influenced them immensily ( as tatcher has shown ) thatcher has of course been wonderful for wales as well as for the rest of the world . 
   you 're ignoring the obvious fact that the english vastly outnumber everyone else in the uk thus making referendums like that almost entirely an english decision , there 's no avoiding it . 
  we have just had a referendum that was not entirely an english decision . 
  look at the actual evidence of the referendum we have just had . 
  if it were n't for the `` leave '' votes in wales , scotland and northern ireland the uk would as a whole have voted remain . 
  no , london wo n't be off anywhere . 
  of course it matters . 
  each persons vote counts equally . 
  that is how it should be . 
  and in fact the english were very divided on the question of brexit , but so were the welsh , scottish and northern irish . 
  this is one of the many wonderful consequences of brexit . 
  hard thinking . 
  there were significant leave votes and significant remain votes in all parts of the uk . 
  i am pro-immigration and also pro-leave . 
  we are also happy you left . 
  it was n't whipped because it was n't close . 
  it won by an overwhelming majority . 
  if you have a referendum or a campaign i will come over to your country and help you . 
  i would even learn portuguese !, 
  i think you should vote leave . 
  unfortunately i do not have a vote . 
  you need to persuade your countrymen !, 
   this is not something where party leaders should insist on a line vote , in my opinion they will all insist on making it a whipped vote . 
  it has been a pleasure . 
  yes , i am serious . 
   it is n't very easy to do since it will be met by domestic opposition , but it is still the right thing to do . 
  for some reason sending money to refugees has not been a difficult thing for the uk government to do . 
  in fact , it is now law that the uk sends 0.7 % of gdp in aid . 
  personally i do n't think eec membership helped . 
   joining the european community saved us from being the sick man of europe no , it was thatcher . 
  uk needs to be able to walk away with no deal, 
   it 's weird how in 95 % of cases such objections only come up after not getting the desired result . 
  exactly this . 
  spain currently has a centre right government and spain 's left seems to be in even more of a death spiral than uk 's left .
