  the share of trade that the uk has with the eu declines each year . 
  i 'm also not sure why you are talking about import taxes ( wto rules make these incredibly unlikely ) . 
   indeed . 
  but i still think it 's fair to say that it wo n't be as beneficial for an individual . 
  whether that 's a good thing or not is up to the reader to decide i do n't think that is fair . 
  i am also an individual and i think it will be beneficial . 
   the core values are the same , the cultural `` sugar '' around them might differ but i doubt it is really preventing us from being in the same union . 
  also , it does n't mean we should be in the same union . 
  the uk will have its values whether or not it is in a union with france . 
  it is irrelevant to the question of eu membership . 
  eu membership is not a value . 
   joining . 
  i was planning on joining as a translator . 
  i have practiced the concours and was planning on actually taking it , when cameron got elected , so i promptly shelved that plan ; do n't want to get invested in a career they would n't be able to keep me on in . 
  actually , you should check the employment legislation , because my understanding ( i looked into this as i applied for a job with an eu institution ) was that even if the event of a brexit , the job would remain . 
   i was planning to join the eu as an institution ... what institution were you planning on being ? 
   as a fellow brit , this made me laugh . 
  given the governments insane opinions on surveillance and human rights , it is this exact lack of trust why i will be voting to remain in the eu . 
  given that these things are not eu competences , i am not sure why you are bothering . 
   you normally seem to be one of the most anti-eu people here . 
  specifically i am anti the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  if other countries want to be members , i do n't think it is for me to comment on that . 
  that is up to them . 
   unless you manage to get turkey on board , you 'll be to that little club what romanians are to you now . 
  no we wo n't . 
  we will always be poorer than norwegians and the swiss , but we are n't planning on having free movement with them . 
  however , having the uk as part of their gang gives them a bit more clout !, 
  we should try and get the australians on board too , come to think of it ... 
   funny - i found pretty much exactly that . 
  unfortunately it seems that you did not read your own link . 
  this study does not conclude that eu membership is a benefit to the uk . 
  it specifically states : '' * the purpose of this note is not to reach a conclusion on the economic merits of the uk 's eu membership * ''  that is exactly what i was referring to . 
  it offers significantly reduced protection in comparison to the echr it actually does n't really discuss the level of protection in detail . 
   you 're most clearly in the opposite way to a lot of us here . 
  you want it to collapse asap . 
  in honesty i do n't have an opinion on what happens to the eu provided that the uk leaves it . 
   it 's always the same , scotland , catalonia , uk , prospering places feeling they should n't have to pay for less prospering regions . 
  this is n't really a thing for scotland . 
  scotland is not really more or less prosperous than the rest of the uk . 
   the eu is a symbol of our shared european values . 
  there is no prestige for standing by your values only when it is convenient . 
  there is no such thing as european values . 
  there are western values . 
  there are also huge differences in what these mean , e.g. 
  the uk and france have traditionally had many differences in their values . 
   in any case , we 'll see you guys at the children table during the next eu treaty negotiations , together with switzerland :p personally i 'm not quite sure that we are ready to leave the eu , given that we have n't yet finished wrecking it completely . 
  ;-) as for the children 's table , i think that the uk ( if it plays its cards correctly ) can make this a lot more of an exciting place to be . 
  those swissers and norwegians are n't stupid and i think we should try and get the turks on our table too ... 
   the game wo n't change , just the teams . 
  you can still consider it ` playing nicely ' even if it 'll be more competitive instead of cooperative . 
  competition is a good thing . 
  however , the point remains that if the reu tries to make life difficult for the uk , then the economy that will be most impacted will be the irish economy ... 
   if that were the case , there would be no brexit at all . 
  immigration is a net benefit to the uk . 
  as are the economic benefits of eu membership . 
  actually , there is no comprehensive study stating that eu membership is a benefit to the uk . 
  there are studies showing that immigration is a benefit to the uk economy however , immigration impacts other things than the economy , for example infrasture , wages , housing , community cohesion and so forth . 
   it can . 
  and it wo n't , as the tories have already said . 
  you should check the conservative manifesto . 
  they specifically campaigned on a british bill of rights . 
  uk is one of germany 's largest export markets . 
  do you think that germany is going to want to put trade barriers in place ? 
  they would be insane to do that . 
  what other barriers are you talking about ? 
   given the rule of the right since 1979 it wo n't be as beneficial to the individual . 
  this really depends on what your values are . 
  i as an individual prefer the rule of the right . 
   visa waivers are granted out of principles of reciprocity . 
  having the uk restrict europeans from living and travelling therein will result in similar treatment on the continent . 
  actually , countries will be motivated to act in their interests . 
  if it is in the interests of spain to have many british retirees , then i am sure they will try and keep them . 
  if it is not in their interests , then why on earth should brits be there ? 
  i am failing to understand the problem . 
   the tories have already indicated that - should they withdraw from the echr - any rights awarded therein will be significantly curtailed . 
  not quite . 
  the uk can encact its own human rights legislation ( a bit like many countries in the world that are not in europe do ) . 
   yeah ireland 's :( as long as the rest of the eu plays nicely after we vote to leave , then you do n't get hurt ... ;-), 
   what if the salient features of british euroskeptics is their deep desire to complain about the eu membership . 
  then it would be in their own best interest to vote for staying in , since complaining from the outside is only half as satisfying as from the inside . 
  because of history and geography ( neither of which we can change ) brits will always complain about the european continent . 
  few things are inevitable , but this is one of those things . 
  we managed to do this perfectly well for * centuries * before the eu and and believe me we will manage fine from the outside once more ... 
   the uk is virtually guaranteed to put in substantial limits no , this is not guaranteed . 
  there are some people like me who are pro-brexit , but happy to have high immigration in the uk . 
   in effect brexit is likely to spell the end of the ` costa del sol ' - ian and their equivalent expats in other member states . 
  if the spanish people do n't want brits on the costa del sol , then of course , the spanish government should limit them . 
  i am not aware of spanish people having this opinion though . 
   the uk has also had a significant number of cases come before the echr which would n't have been addressed without subscribing to same . 
  this really depends on what bill of rights and judicial structure the uk puts in place instead of the echr . 
   common sense really - can you see the other member states allowing uk residents a carte blanche to travel and become resident post-brexit if they wo n't reciprocate ? 
  in relation to short-to-medium travel for tourism and work purposes ( which i assume is what you mean by travel ) then i would expect that the uk will continue to allow visa free travel and there will be no change . 
  in relation to things like work , the uk might put in place some limits , and then other countries might also put in place some limits . 
   given that your parliament is n't even particularly representative of voter 's preferences as a whole , i do n't . 
  the uk has many years of parliamentary democracy , the common law , the rule of law , freedom of speech and civil liberties and due process . 
  these things were there before the echr and they will be there after it . 
   acting irrationally in hopes that the other side would stay rational did n't work very well for tsipras . 
  it 's not the same , obviously , but do n't take as a given a let 's - be-nice-with-each-other attitude from the rest of pm 's . 
  i 'm prepared for the uk to play hardball . 
  however , the rest of the eu will not , in my mind , find it easy to come to a united position on the `` british question '' because they will all have different interests .
