  that would actually be competitive and would be good for market participants . 
  but it seems that they are not trying to do that , but are instead simply seeing if they can make it harder for parties to run clearing in london ( which is the jurisdiction market participants prefer ) . 
  while i do n't think this will work , it would simply put up costs for market participants . 
   it 's a political decision and the eu actors involved seem to be intent to get it through . 
  not everything is within the gift of regulators . 
  just as [ king cnut was unable to regulate the tide to stop ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/king_canute_and_the_waves ) , eu regulators will find it difficult to regulate the location of financial transactions . 
   i do n't see how the round table will make any difference . 
  it is simply for my own interest , but note that london definitely has options to keep the derivatives business and will likely use these options . 
  i am not in favour of any interim deal . 
  if there has to be one , it should have a sunset clause so that it can not become permanent . 
  but , sadly unsurprising ... 
  as a brit i also agree . 
  i am always quite disappointed when i go to the supermarket in croatia or hungary and the prices do not seem cheap . 
  but some things are much cheaper ( cinema , public transport ), 
  it is the uk government that currently pays for the healthcare of uk pensioners in spain . 
  obviously spain wants the uk government to continue to pay for them . 
  whether it makes sense for the british taxpayer to continue to pay for healthcare costs in spain for british pensioners is a separate question and i think can be debated ( but it is n't really a negotiation point ) . 
  i do n't see how the eu is going to be able to get derivatives trading . 
  tomorrow morning i am going to a derivatives clearing round table which will discuss exactly this point . 
  the research that i have seen indicates that the eu will not be able to get it . 
  i do n't think that is remotely likely because they want british immigrants for the most part . 
  however , if they did try to bargain with us on this , just refuse to negotiate with them on this point . 
   new york could extend its lead over london if u.s. president-elect donald trump follows through on his vow to dismantle the dodd-frank act . 
  part of the law requires banks to post collateral with clearinghouses for their derivatives trades , which increases costs . 
  similar rules in the european union mean that trading expenses in both regions have risen in tandem . 
  this is the key story here . 
  uk , once out of the single market , needs to regulate derivatives trading differently . 
  it does not give me very much confidence in theresa may to be honest . 
   britain should just unilaterally and as soon as possible declare its intent to offer permanent residency to any and all eu citizens currently in britain who want it . 
  i agree . 
  what is the point of making the negotiation more complicated than it needs to be ? 
  stuff that the uk can just do unilaterally it should just do . 
  make someone else pay for it ? 
  i am in a pub right now but will link some of the debates another time and near a computer ... 
  greece , after its abject humiliation by the eurozone , would be my first choice . 
  if the uk does fine outside the eu , questions are going to be asked about what really is the point of it . 
   what difference does it being an official currency make ? 
  as a matter of law the status of the euro and pound were unequal within the treaties and that impacts the bases for legislation . 
   afaik , every major pro-brexit politician wanted to remain in the single market and the uk will have less influence over those rules now then before . 
  not really . 
  the main pro brexit politicians including gisela stuart , michael gove and boris johnson all were clear that we should leave the single market . 
   besides did n't cameron use his veto back around 2012 to block something that predominatly affected the eurozone ? 
  he tried , but he did not succeed . 
  the veto turned out to be worthless . 
  as someone who has lived in italy and knows lots of italians in london , i still believe in italians . 
  but it is not going to happen unless you make it happen . 
  we had to work hard to keep the pound and then again to leave the eu and in fact a lot of the work is still to be done . 
  have courage !, 
  history has not finished . 
   going back to the lira would lock us in our old system of sweeping the real problems i just listed under the carpet , thanks to the small saves devaluation can do , while sinking us even deeper . 
  your old system actually worked pretty well . 
  okay , it did n't work in a very german way . 
  but the german way is not the only way . 
  italians worked , they were a bit corrupt , they had fantastic creative industries and incredible family run smes and the economy grew and every now and then you had to devalue . 
  i 'm not saying that there are n't any reforms which the italian state should n't do , clearly there are . 
  but to do them you need the political will , which just is n't there . 
  it is a real shame , but italians are giving up on italy . 
   italy will be treated like garbage . 
  italy is already treated like garbage . 
  i can not understand why italians do n't care about this . 
  you do n't have to be in the eu . 
  you can leave and be fine outside . 
  it ca n't be reformed . 
   1 . this is how the german central bank has worked forever 2 . this was clear to anybody that joined the euro 3 . germany will never accept changes to this principle germany has to choose between having a eurozone or changes to its principles . 
  not a nice choice for germans , but this was always the deal . 
  one thing that i did last year before beginning campaigning actively for brexit was to re-read uk parliamentary debates that took place in the 1990s at the time of maastricht treaty . 
  they are still relevant and interesting . 
  it is great that you as an individual are happy productive and independent somewhere else . 
  however , i would have thought that even if you could have easily found a job in italy you might have moved abroad anyway ( in the same way that i did ) . 
  but i am talking about those italians that are forced to move overseas for work . 
  that is a tragedy . 
   sure , italy has no jobs , and its economy needs a lot of reforms and incentives to get out of the loop . 
  you need the lira . 
  until then young italians will be moving out of italy until work . 
   the case you quote has nothing to do with social rights , i.e. 
  workers ' rights . 
  protocol 30 is written in such a way to extend to those rights only , and not the rest , although i 'm sure your politicians have portrayed otherwise . 
  this is not the case . 
  it is clear from protocol 30 that it is meant to apply to the whole of the cfr . 
  read article 1.1 to protocol 30 . 
   as for not wanting to have your rights also protected by an entity above your government , sure , your choice mate . 
  as for me , i 'm quite happy to get extra protection , in this day and age that is why it makes sense for your country to be in the eu and not mine . 
   one of the biggest advantages of being in the eu is labor mobility . 
  but not if you can not be bothered to move your fat arse off the couch !, 
  this is effectively what your government is telling the young people in your country . 
  go abroad because there is no work for you here . 
  it is a tragedy , but you do n't seem to care . 
   never was and never will . 
  [ unfortunately protocol 30 ( the uk 's opt out of the cfr ) has not been observed . 
  this is one of the many reasons why we had to vote leave . 
  ] ( https://ukhumanrightsblog.com/2016/02/09/cavalier-with-our-constitution-a-charter-too-far/ )  the uk made sure since the start that its citizens could not get the extra protection the eu gives to their social rights . 
  british people do not want the eu to interfere with social rights in the uk . 
  this is a question of democracy and sovereignty . 
  the rights and responsibilities of british citizens should be those given by our parliament and enforced by our courts . 
   kris peeters , deputy prime minister and minister for employment , economy and consumer affairs , responsible for foreign trade , belgium ; philippe de backer , secretary of state for the fight against social fraud , for the protection of privacy and the north sea , belgium ; andrea nahles , federal minister for labor and social affairs , germany ; myriam el khomri , minister of labor , employment , vocational training and social dialogue , france ; nicolas schmit , minister for labor , employment and social and solidarity economy , luxembourg ; lodewijk asscher , deputy prime minister , minister for social affairs and employment , the netherlands ; alois st\u00f6ger , minister for labor , social affairs and consumer protection , austria ; ylva johansson , minister for employment and integration , sweden . 
  so that makes seven countries . 
  ( or is belgium now officially two countries ? ), 
  while it is true that the uk had a permanent opt-out of the euro , it still did not make sense for the uk to be in a union which did not consider the uk 's currency to be one of the official currencies of that union . 
  because of the principle of qualified majority voting , the eurozone has a legislative majority in relation to all single market legislation including all financial services legislation . 
  this means that the eurozone are able to legislate in their own interests and contrary to the interests of the uk and the uk is unable to block such legislation .
