   your comment just happened to be the one i replied to , perhaps unfairly . 
  sorry  absolutely no worries !, 
  though , remember that questions of nationhood are of course emotional questions . 
  so do n't be surprised if people respond in emotional ways to them . 
   irrelevant but why in the world is the british public comfortable with someone leading brexit negotiations who was against leaving in the first place ? 
  may is not strongly ideological , she is a pragmatist . 
  ironically , because may backed remain , we are likely to get a harder brexit with her . 
   people keep throwing around this phrase `` mutually beneficial '' without ever defining what they mean . 
  it 's gotten completely out of hand because everyone has different expectations of what 's `` mutually beneficial '' , so everyone feels like they 're in the right about it . 
  it is a bit like the expression `` reform '' when discussing the eu , then . 
  it means whatever the user wants it to mean , but that can be all kinds of different things . 
   even with the way the uk is going backwards uk is not going backwards , good economic growth and low unemployment . 
  thousands of people move to the uk to work each month because they want to be in the uk . 
  i am still convinced that cd/su are being understated in the polls ... 
  thanks for your long and interesting comment . 
  note that my comment was a tongue-in-cheek remark ( as i hoped to show by using the emoticon ;-) ) and as such i do n't think you should read too much into it . 
   are we back to trusting polls now ? 
  i have no idea whether or not you trust polls . 
  i think they have some problems and should be considered with those problems in mind . 
  however , they should not be ignored completely . 
   i 've a feeling that support she has will do exactly what she 's done since this campaign started . 
  i am more than happy to bet reddit gold with you on this . 
  we already have extensive polling evidence for it . 
  they are not going to want corbyn in downing street . 
   this is only going to piss of those who voted remain to vote against her . 
  tory voters who voted remain are sticking with the tories . 
   when you bring up the difference between immigrants and expats , prejudice does play a role in the definition . 
  it is n't prejudiced to use different words for people who are from your own nation from those use from different nations . 
   in your mind , all british immigrants are expats , just like all american immigrants would be . 
  in fact , you do n't consider french people to be able to be expats , despite the fact that the word exists in french ( expatri\u00e9-es ) and that there is a newspaper called le journal des expats . 
  the fact that the french language has a word `` expatrie ' '' ( apologies , my keyboard does not have the acute accent ) does not mean that it has exactly the same meaning as the english word `` expat '' . 
   you are prejudiced in your definition of expats because in your mind all british immigrants are expats ( regardless of wealth , level of integration , and place of immigration ) but european immigrants can not be expats , regardless of the fact that some may be in similar or comparable situations than those you consider expats . 
  it is not me being prejudiced . 
  i am just observing how language is used . 
  that is not prejudice . 
  you might wish that language was used in a different way , but it is n't . 
  also , i do n't know why you think it is prejudiced to have different words for people from your own nation/culture to the ones used from different cultures . 
  this is a normal phenomenon in languages . 
  it sounds like you are agreeing with me that the term `` expat '' has a specific meaning for a specific concept . 
  however , note that the direction of movement is not irrelevant to the way the word is used . 
  i agree that french people living in london tend to be rich and sometimes not well integrated . 
  however , it would be a bit unusual for us to describe them as `` expats '' . 
   prejudice is very much part of the definition of expats . 
  an expats is an immigrants who has money and can afford to settle into a country easily and more often than not reproduce their lives in the new country . 
  this is not prejudice . 
   as of right now there are n't any nato payment obligations for germany , or uk for that matter , to oblige to . 
  the payment obligation was there before the welsh summit , the nato partners just agreed to work together to meet the payment obligation at that summit . 
  right now there are also responsibilities to make progress towards meeting the 2 % target too . 
   nato very clearly does not have moral payment obligations . 
  nato 's payment obligations can not be enforced as a matter of law . 
   ( whether one has money or not ) money is not the only difference in the way the words are used though . 
  the direction of movement , out of the uk or into the uk , are also relevant . 
   unless you want to make this some kind of moral argument , i was responding to someone that mentioned responsibilities . 
  i assumed that that poster was talking about moral arguments rather than legal ones . 
  that does n't mean that it is not a responsibility now . 
   and i just linked to the oxford dictionary explaining why you are wrong it did not explain why i was wrong . 
  it explained the context in which the word `` expat '' is used . 
  as i have argued , the word `` expat '' has a particular meaning . 
  the oxford dictionary agrees that it has a particular meaning . 
   you just confirmed the snobbish and arrogant attitude of the british people in regards to other nations . 
  no , i just described how language works . 
  you might not like language being used in this way , but that does n't mean that it is n't used in this way . 
   nato has nothing to do with the eu , that point is moot . 
  the eu is not relevant to this discussion , europe is . 
  i was responding to a poster who said `` we actually give something to europe '' . 
  nato is relevant to europe . 
  by helping with europe 's defence , via nato , the uk is giving something to europe . 
   it 's just a matter of time that the uk becomes almost irrelevant in european defense policies nato is not going to become irrelevant to european defence . 
  it will remain crucial to european defence . 
   there are no nato payment obligations . 
  there 's a non-binding pledge . 
  germany is n't shirking anything . 
  the fact that it is not legally binding , does not mean it is not a responsibility . 
   yeah we give way more through actual help instead of trying to buy ourselves out of feeling responsible ... 
  giving money to the unhcr to help refugees is actual help . 
  i am not sure why you think it is n't . 
   on a side note - i did quote an englishman : noted , thanks . 
  however , the fact that some people do n't like the way language works does not mean that language does not work that way . 
  [ i 'm always a bit suspicious of people that try and change language . 
  it is a bit orwellian . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newspeak ), 
   then we disagree on the definition of the word . 
  gibraltar is not considered a tax haven by the oecd . 
   me living in the uk would be an expat ... 
  it really depends on the context in which you are using the word . 
  if you are living in the uk and speaking english to other people in the uk , the word to describe yourself in the english language would be `` immigrant '' . 
  if you are speaking to people in germany in the english language about the fact that you live in the uk , then you can use the word `` expat '' . 
   they are all expats . 
  as a matter of language , we do not in the uk use the word expat to describe people from overseas who live in the uk . 
  we use the word `` immigrant '' for this concept . 
   except they are n't different concepts ... till exit it is by definition and by law the exact same thing . 
  they are different things . 
  perhaps your language does not have different words for german people living out of germany and non-german people living in germany . 
  however , the english language has different words for different concepts . 
  even so , if the uk is giving 0.7 % of gdp in international aid , i am not sure in what respect the uk is shirking responsibilities . 
  gibraltar is not a tax haven now . 
   there 's no such distinction . 
  there is a distinction . 
  for expats we are describing british people who live overseas . 
  for immigrants we are describing people from overseas who come and live in the uk .
