  in which case , it makes sense for powers only to be repatriated to the uk and not to other countries . 
  if people want different things they should get different things . 
  this works well with the schengen zone for example . 
  france wants to be in the shengen zone but the uk does n't . 
  we both get exactly what we want . 
  we can both be happy , both get our cake . 
  if france does not want any repatriation but instead wants to pool more sovereignty , i could not be happier for it to do so . 
  it seems odd that you seem unhappy about the uk moving in the opposite direction . 
   you can not honestly believe you can have a functioning organization in which 28 members can have customized sets of rights and obligations . 
  if people want different rights and obligations , it is preferable to give them different rights and obligations , rather than force things upon them that they do not want . 
   and how long should these rights and obligations stay `` frozen '' for ? 
  can the members states change their obligations as they see fit , at any time or periodically or when one of them really really wants that ? 
  in a democracy , changes in rights and obligations that impact individuals move with the operation of the law and the democratic process of elections . 
  member states should be able to modify their arrangements as and when they have a democratic mandate to do so . 
   financial policy made in the eurozone can still hurt the interests of london bankers and the rest of your financial sector . 
  for example ? 
  what specific thing are you meaning ? 
   you have escaped the mess , but your government also lost control . 
  the key control that the uk has still is monetary policy . 
  the uk can set its own interest rates , let its currency rise and fall in value against the euro , pursue quantitative easing without the euro , decide its own deficit limits . 
  all of these are very helpful and none of them are controlled by the eurozone . 
   if you are never going to join the euro , it would have been better if there had never been a euro . 
  you did n't get that , and neither did we . 
  i am more than happy for the eurozone countries to have the euro as that is what they seem to want . 
  i 'm not interested in my country controlling other countries . 
  been there and done that . 
  not interested in it any more . 
   `` ever closer '' union is a bit too strong of a word . 
  much stronger union would probably be better david cameron seems to be the only eu leader who has said that `` ever closer union '' is the wrong concept . 
  however , are you really sure that `` much stronger union '' is better ? 
   i think that the people of europe do want a closer union . 
  they want to become stronger , more independant and more relevant as a whole . 
  now the question is `` how much closer ? 
  '' , which is a much more difficult question to answer and depends on the european countries , and is open to change in the coming years and is not a fixed truth . 
  i 'm not sure if they really do want this !, 
  the swiss certainly do not seem to want this , do they ? 
  are they not people of europe ? 
  it is certainly not something that i want . 
  it might be something that you want . 
   there is no such thing as uk repatriating powers from the eu , unless the other member states consent to it or uk `` defaults '' ( ignores ) its obligations under the treaties and ultimately leaves . 
  yes , the other member states should be happy to consent . 
  if they were n't happy to consent the uk should leave . 
  obviously i am not proposing anything outside the operation of the law . 
   also , depending on how it is done , a repatriation of powers by the uk may adversely impact other member states in the sense that uk may gain an unfair advantage - something along the lines of having the cake and eating it . 
  every member state should be able to repatriate powers if that it what they want or pool powers if that is what they want . 
  the idea that one size fits all when different peoples want different things makes no sense . 
  for example , france gained by pooling its currency , whereas the uk gained by keeping its currency . 
  we can both be winners here . 
  the french people won because they want the euro . 
  the british people won because they want the pound . 
  neither side really has an advantage , we both get what we want . 
  if france wants to repatriate some powers or pool others , i would be delighted for it to do so . 
  we both get our cakes . 
  we just want different cakes sometimes . 
  why does it not have legitimacy ? 
  the decision over where power should lie within a political entity is one that should be permanently up for debate . 
  for example , in the uk in recent years we have seen powers moved from the national political structures to local political structures . 
  the idea that powers in the eu should only ever move in one direction , from the member state to the eu is nonsense . 
  it is entirely different from greece not paying its debts . 
  greece not paying its debts directly impacts the creditors . 
   does n't invalidate the concept of the eu , though . 
  the core concept of the eu is ever closer union among the peoples of europe . 
  this only works as a concept if we assume that the peoples of europe really want ever closer union ( and the necessary things that come with it , like ever closer debts and ever greater fiscal transfers ) . 
  i do n't think the assumption that the peoples of europe want ever closer union is a correct assumption . 
  i personally do not want ever closer union with the peoples of france , lavia and slovenia any more than i want ever closer union with the peoples of japan , bolivia and nigeria . 
  yes , my strong preference is to leave . 
  if this does not occur , my next best preference is to limit the powers of eu entities and repatriate as many powers as possible to the uk parliament . 
  i am more than happy for other countries to pool their own sovereignty . 
  a well-functioning democracy requires more than formal democratic structures . 
  informal democractic structures , like a national political culture , a peoples that want to share common governance , a robust shared media that scrutinise the actions of government are also needed . 
  to the extent that power is removed from formal democratic structures within the member states ( where the informal democractic structures exist ) and placed at the european parliament level ( where the informal political structures do not exist ) , then democracy is weakened rather than strengthened . 
  as we have already seen within the eu , the transfer of power from the nation state to eu institutions has been disasterous , see for example the ongoing greek crisis . 
  the national political consciousness in the netherlands is entirely different from the national political consciousness in greece , which is why greece just voted in syriza whereas in the netherlands it is politically impossible to support syriza 's stated goals . 
  unfortunately the netherlands and greece are tied together in monetary union , with no shared vision of how to end the crisis . 
  moving power away from the dutch parliament and the greek parliament to some entity that is meant to represent both peoples will end up representing neither of them , with even more disasterous consequences . 
  feel free to call the british eusceptics hypocrictal , feel free to downvote them . 
  however , we called it exactly right on the eurozone . 
  we 're calling it exactly right now too . 
  what type of things ? 
  any examples ? 
  no , this is not influence . 
  thanks very much !, 
  yes , i agree with you . 
  i think it the monarchies are a consequence of stability rather than a cause . 
  and they have now become a kind of symbol of stability . 
  i also think that is comes down to a fundamentally different attitude to politics and society compared to some parts of the continent . 
  i think north west european culture is very pragmatic and there is a belief that change should only be made if it will lead to better outcomes . 
  and it is hard to see becoming a monarchy leading to better outcomes . 
  in other parts of europe i think there is more idealism : the belief that principles and values are as important as outcomes . 
  i think he does n't observe political neutrality as studiously as elizabeth does . 
  he is very unwise !, 
  i think he wo n't live up to elizabeth 's high standards ... 
  and even if charles might be a bad king , the will and kate show looks like it will keep people happy for a good while !, 
  yes , you are being treated very badly and i am sorry about that . 
  personally i think it is time for greeks to consider carefully if europeans are really on their side and how much they really value their national democravy , or whether the technocratic rules of the troika and staying in the euro are more important . 
  as a brit i attach huge importance to national democracy . 
  however , this is your choice . 
  maybe being in the euro is of fundamental importance to you and you do n't mind that your eurozone partners hate you . 
  what reforms are necessary ? 
  who should take the blame for the situation ?
