  but in 2014 in paris ? 
  what are the equality concerns ? 
  are any of them really significant ? 
  [ yes , cameron wants more than that ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2013/jan/23/david-cameron-eu-speech-referendum ) and we will see what happens . 
  but schauble 's comments do n't contradict cameron 's points and do seem broadly aligned with them . 
  also , the timing is interesting . 
  beginning after the eu elections is exactly the timing that the conservatives want . 
   these suggestions seem contrary to those demands . 
  schauble 's suggestion of better integrated eurozone and better governance for the eurozone and so forth do n't relate to the uk . 
  the uk is outside the eurozone . 
  what schauble and osborne wrote about there being explicit protection for the non eurozone states is quite a big deal for the uk and basically a protection for uk sovereignty and subsidiarity . 
  what they wrote about completion of the free market for services is also interesting ( and very much part of the uk conservative agenda ) . 
  britain 's economy is based on services and will be boosted if this part of the single market is finalised . 
  politically , the fact that these speeches/articles seem to be co-ordinated and agreed by the uk and germany is very revealing . 
  we 'll lets see what the german minister is pushing for : a better integrated eurozone , stronger pan-european banking regulations and shared fiscal management through the eu . 
  schauble and osborne wrote a joint op-ed in the ft. 
  they have a joint agenda , a compromise that they hope can work for both the uk and germany . 
  this is exactly what cameron wanted : treaty change . 
  outstanding, 
   i thought spain was supposed to be devaluing , with lower prices , wages and costs reflecting its real level of wealth , which had been artificially held high by the euro . 
  these adjustments will help its export - and tourism-driven recovery , no ? 
  devaluing only works for spain if it devalues relative to its export markets . 
  this is not happening . 
   personally i 'm a fan of the randomized lot . 
  i think that there are some good arguments for this - i would probably refine your system somewhat on a civil liberties basis , so that assets are n't seized and that people have the option not to be legislators if they do n't want to . 
   i do n't blame them . 
  without public funding , it makes them a slave to ratings and private investors . 
  criminalising payment of the licence fee hugely hurts the poor and clogs up the criminal justice system . 
  the bbc need to drastically trim their overblown budget . 
  a lot of what they do ( e.g. 
  strictly come dancing ) really does not need to be publicly funded . 
  a commercial station can produce this kind of stuff just as well . 
   the whole point of specifically avoiding that is to prevent conflict of interests there are arguments for and against having a legislature full of career politicians or a legislature full of `` citizen legislators '' . 
  i prefer the latter option as it is ( in my mind ) it better represents the electorate . 
  while there are risks of conflicts of interest , people have conflicts of interest anyway even if they are career politicians . 
  also , citizen legislators are still subject to the ultimate ballot box test and public scrutiny . 
   bbc is of the british parliament ... 
  the bbc is certainly a propaganda outfit in some respects , though perhaps not exactly of the british parliament . 
  [ currently there is legislation going through the uk parliament which will decriminalise the non payment of the bbc licence fee ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/media/2014/mar/24/labour-bbc-tv-licence-evaders-decriminalise ) . 
  in my mind this is a good piece of legislation . 
  the bbc are not best pleased by this development . 
   this leads to less professional politicians and more valuable people getting involved in politics . 
  i want that for europe . 
  this is what i want too . 
  i want the legislature to have outside activities and not to be career politicians . 
  france can definitely take the bashing though and secretly they love it and love to complain about it . 
  a the british press would n't dream about writing about ireland in that way ... 
   i admire that you value menial work , but it seems that as a rule a stem degree is not greatly improved by a few years doing sales in a mall . 
  i 'm a law graduate myself , not a stem graduate . 
  i 'm not really talking about what enhances a cv , i 'm more talking about what legislation should look like . 
  i also think that society benefits as a whole if more people have experience of menial work . 
   the poverty trap is real you see . 
  currently the welfare system has a failure gap at about 10k pounds a year for a single person , where without any social help you 're pretty much stuck . 
  that is why it is so important that people on benefits should not earn more than people in work . 
  people should be incentivised to work , not stay on benefits . 
   also zero hour contracts , which are quite common , prevent people from getting a second job and building up savings . 
  people are largely better off seeking stable , good employment if they can rather than immediately clawing for jobs which pay so little and give you so little time that they keep you dependent on them on a monthly basis . 
  i 've done jobs with zero hours contracts in the past and found them incredibly helpful . 
  in fact , earning money for me while i was doing my a-levels and degree would have been very difficult without a zero-hours contract as ( because of my studies ) i did not want to commit to fixed hours but preferred a lot of flexibility . 
  i can see myself taking a zero hours job in the future if it suited my circumstances and if i was looking for work . 
  i know many people who have circumstances which suit zero hours contracts . 
   there is a lot of strategy involved in the current job market , for which pride can not take account of . 
  true . 
  but currently the job market in the uk is very good . 
  many many jobs are being created and unemployment is really falling . 
  more people are in work than ever before . 
  in some sectors ( and mine for example ) we are really struggling to fill vacancies . 
  we are going to have to put up salaries to retain good employees . 
   in the uk we 'd be subsidising a big company to give them a shelf stacking and shit cleaning diploma while they work for free or someone could get a job . 
  the three month residence test is new in 2014 . 
  prior to that you were able to get job-seekers allowance in the uk immediately . 
   trying to deal with the fickleness of the benefits system can be nightmarish especially with the latest round of welfare demonization . 
  i 've never personally dealt with the benefit system . 
  i 've always paid my own way in life and would always do that rather than going on benefits if i could . 
  my own view of the benefit system is that it is for people that really need it , not people that are too proud or lazy to do menial work . 
  there is no shame in menial work . 
  society can not function without it . 
  as an employer i always look extremely favourably on new employees if they have menial work on their cvs . 
  given two otherwise equal cvs , but one with menial work on it i would always choose the latter as it can be an indicator of character . 
   this is the worst advice you can give . 
  i have n't given advice here so far . 
  i am describing what i think legislation should be ( and how i behave myself ) . 
   if you spend a long time employed away from your chosen field , especially if you 're just starting , you decrease the chances of rejoining it . 
  that 's true . 
  but that does n't mean that you should accept benefits , rather than living off savings , living with parents or doing another job . 
  you need to weigh up a range of factors . 
   also you seem to be severely underestimating the physical and psychological toll that a menial job can have , and how the pressure to work a lot of hours to pay rent keeps you in a poverty trap , where escape is difficult . 
  i 've done many menial jobs . 
  i know what they are like . 
  i 've washed up in restaurants , cleaned cinemas , done bar-work , worked in factories , cleaned up after disabled people , been on the till in a supermarket . 
  there is no shame in honest work . 
  there is shame in refusing to work when you can work and expecting others to pay for you . 
   you are missing out the fact that for eu citizens to receive any benefits they would have to have worked in the uk and payed taxes . 
  you do n't just show up . 
  no , this is n't true . 
  you do n't have to have worked in the uk to get benefits . 
  you do have to pass the `` habitual residence test '' . 
  but this does n't mean you have to have worked or paid taxes . 
   so is it a matter of pride ? 
  yes , it is partly pride .
