  is there any political party capable of making the necessary reforms ? 
  if not , how can they be made ? 
  when i read your posts i become very depressed about the future of spain . 
  look at the amount of jobs that britain has created in the last couple of years . 
  look at the amount of immigrants that have come to britain and found work . 
  if you want to work in britain , you can , as hundreds of thousands of poles , spaniards , greeks , lithuanians , french , italians , slovaks etc will testify . 
  if they can get jobs in britain , then britons can too . 
  most unemployed people in britain could work if they wanted to . 
  if people can move across the whole of europe with just a basic knowledge of english and a suitcase and then find work in britain , then british people can also find work in their own country . 
  britain does not really have a competitive advantage with manufacturing . 
  it does have a competitive advantage with high end services . 
  no surprises , services are the sector that is growing fastest again and responsible for most of the economic growth . 
  the graph was not of the defecit . 
  france also has a growing population , similar to uk . 
  personally , what i export is legal services . 
  hardly any of that exporting goes to the anglosphere ( which kind of makes sense as they basically have the same legal system as the uk ) . 
  we export a lot to russia / ukraine / kaz and also to china . 
  this last year we have done a couple of big deals with nigeria too . 
  just to clarify , i did not say that a lower deficit always leads to lower expenditure . 
  simply that it is not possible to reduce expenditure without reducing the deficit . 
  the post i responded to indicated that because spending had gone up , austerity had not taken place . 
  i was disagreeing with that, 
  some bits about this article ring true ( the high levels of immigration that are likely to continue being very good for the economy , britain 's relatively low tax rate and independence from the euro zone giving us much more flexibility ) . 
  i 'm much less confident about finding new export markets though . 
  my own firm is increasingly exporting outside the eu though . 
  i would say i have exported more in the last year outside of europe than i have to the rest of the eu . 
  i see that trend continuing . 
  you 're worried about feudalism in south east england ? 
  seriously ? 
  i do agree though , the cap has to end and it is corrupt . 
  britain imports and exports both to the eu and to the rest of the world . 
  it will continue to do this whether or not it remains part of the eu . 
  believing in trade but wanting to leave the eu is not hypocrisy . 
  everything is relative . 
  britain and germany have among the best employment situations in the world . 
  while low paying jobs and zero hours contracts are far from ideal , they are much much better than the high levels of unemployment seen in much of europe . 
  other countries have already adopted intense austerity programmes , in particular , greece , ireland and portugal . 
  they did not adopt them because of the uk government though , instead they were forced on them by the troika . 
  i 'm not aware of any government deliberately following the uk government 's approach . 
  the world is a very different place from 1930 . 
  do you really think that there is anything that the british government could have done to regain all the gdp in 48 months ? 
  economists will continue to argue whether or not austerity was the right thing for britain to do . 
  however , given that both the government and the opposition intended to carry out massive austerity it was always going to happen and there was never going to be any alternative . 
  returning to the question of employment , unemployment figures in the uk began falling and continued to fall during the entire period of austerity . 
  before net expenditure can be cut , the defecit needs to be reduced though . 
  you do understand this , do n't you ? 
  it would have been impossible for the government to reduce net expenditure without making inroads into the defecit . 
  are you saying that austerity has not occurred under this government at all then ? 
  other countries have also helped romania by importing unemployed people from romania to work there . 
  no , britain will continue to import things it does not or can not produce . 
  the recession was also extremely severe and recovery was also delayed because of the ongoing european sovereign debt crisis . 
  the austerity trend has not been reversed though , the government continues to chip away at the deficit . 
  anyway , it seems like we both agree that the british government has done something to tackle unemployment . 
  we just disagree on what they did . 
  spending is up because the deficit is still large . 
  austerity means that the deficit is being cut . 
  it does n't mean that there is no longer a deficit . 
  edit - haha - typical / r/europe - state some uncontroversial basic economic fact and get downvoted !, 
  of course spending is up - britain has a deficit . 
  that does n't mean there has been no austerity !, 
  what do you think your government should do to improve the situation in spain ? 
  in the uk austerity has worked though . 
  we devalued the pound and now the economy is growing and unemployment is falling very fast . 
  the short answer would have been `` no '' . 
  my grandmother was born in cork . 
  my grandfather was born in glasgow , but both his parents were from donegal . 
  often people tell me i look irish . 
  though a lot of british people ( me included ) do consider themselves to be irish , 
  frankfurt and paris are not really peers with london in terms of finance . 
  there are far far more jobs in finance in london than frankfurt and paris . 
  also , finance in paris and frankfurt is mainly local rather than international , so a knowledge of french of german tends to be required and having italian language skills is not an advantage . 
  in london finance is international and a knowledge of italian can be useful as well as of course english . 
  so it is not really surprising that italians wanting to work in finance are drawn to london . 
  it is not really surprising that anyone who wants to pursue a career in finance considers going to london ... 
  there are many many italians working in the city . 
  my firm already go to ireland specifically for the purposes of hiring irish law graduates . 
  the irish have for years found it pretty easy to work in the uk . 
  there has n't been much movement in the other direction though . 
  uk here too . 
  on continental europe i agree that the netherlands / flanders are the only people we would be happy to form a union with . 
  our shared suspicion of the french and the germans is enough to build a union on !, 
  yeah - it was a shame that the uk / ireland union did not work out in the end !, 
  however , we do have in some respects the next best thing to a political union with them . 
  as you say , we share drinking habits , humour , sporting habits and so forth . 
  we also have an common travel area , an electoral union ( being able to vote in each other 's general elections and stand for parliament in each other 's parliaments ) and we also share a language and to all intents and purposes a legal system . 
  and britain always support the irish in sporting fixtures against any other nation in the world . 
  too bad they never return the favour !, 
  thanks - i still think your concerns are theoretical rather than real . 
  the specific potential concern you mentioned , chipping away at privacy rights , does not strike me as real . 
  currently britons have greater privacy rights than they ever had before , with the human rights act ( a law made by parliament ) and the way this law has also further been developed by the courts . 
  parliament remains free to repeal the human rights act just as it was free to enact it and in fact , the conservative party might put repeal of the hra and enactment of a british bill of rights into its manifesto . 
  but i 'm not sure what is bad about this system . 
  britons will have a choice at the ballot box . 
  and suppose britons vote for the conservatives and then realise that they actually preferred to have the hra ? 
  well , they could then vote for a labour government next time round and get the hra back again ... as the article you linked to mentioned , almost nobody in britain thinks that we need a formal written constitution and nobody really has argued the clear benefits it would bring . 
  laws should only be enacted to avoid specific harm , rather than theoretical harm . 
  most countries with written constitutions have written them after their various declarations of independence or revolutions or unifications or some other moment of historical significance and that is understandable and ties the constitution to the idea of the state . 
  but britain has never really had a big historical moment that has defined the birth of the state either . 
  that notion has also evolved gradually . 
  it seems a bit odd to choose 2014 as the moment in history that we want to codify everything .
