  what job do you want to do and where do you want to do it ? 
  if you have the right skills and the right attitude you can work anywhere . 
   if the people firmly do n't want it , then a demos wo n't be formed . 
  that is for future elections to determine . 
  i kind of agree with this , which is why i think there will be a brexit . 
  the uk is too far from reu and moving further away . 
   this delves into exactly the kind of technical detail that bores the public about the eu debate . 
  in a week 's time absolutely nobody ( apart from me and you ) will be talking about article 17 ( 7 ) of the teu or juncker , as you say . 
  but that does n't mean that there wo n't be consequences . 
  people will remember cameron saying `` no '' to the eu and being outvoted right up until the general election and beyond . 
  the narrative of the conservatives being able to reform the eu will change . 
   the main likely result of this is it will increase the toxicity of the europe issue at general election . 
  a party that steers clear of talking about europe at all will win . 
  i do n't see how talking about europe wo n't feature in the general election campaign . 
  i do n't know how labour are going to argue that the public should n't have a say over europe . 
  [ immigration has just overtaken the economy as the most important issue , though the conservatives are out-polling labour on both . 
  concerns over the eu are at a nine-year high . 
  ] ( http://politicalbetting.com/ ) incredibly , ukip 's polling has not yet started going down , despite reduced publicity , and the bluekip vote is arguably weaker than the redkip vote . 
  all the lib dem / conservative marginals will go conservative . 
  the next budget is going to be full of populist stuff . 
  game on . 
   the lesson will be , in future , to pay more attention to the powers ceded and the way treaties are written . 
  i tend to be supportive of the eu but this whole debacle is very off putting . 
  your comment is in my mind why a brexit just got more likely . 
  when reasonable proeuers like you start to question the project , all bets are off . 
   i think almost nobody will know who juncker is . 
  while this is true , this does n't mean that a brexit has n't become more likely . 
  watch the brexit polling and the uk general election polling in the next few days . 
  watch what the conservative and labour backbenchers start saying . 
  watch that referendum bill get on the statute books . 
  the jury is still out . 
   you 're looking at it from a too short-term perspective . 
  i agree , the argument that juncker has overwhelming democratic legitimacy is disingenuous . 
  but it 's not about the result now , it 's about the results in the future . 
  i do not really understand this view . 
  is n't actual democratic legitimacy now much more important than a potential democratic legitmacy in the future ? 
  are n't you somewhat worried by the idea of an elite trying to artifically create a demos where one currently does n't exist ? 
   scotland is not as sceptic as the rest of britain and propably never will be . 
  while this is true , there are people in scotland that are both pro eu membership and also pro staying in the uk . 
  it might be the case that it becomes impossible to do both . 
  in these circumstances , i think a majority of those votes will choose uk-membership over eu-membership . 
   though i ca n't help but suspect that after the eventual ordeal , everyone will be left wondering why did n't we get this over with years ago . 
  too true . 
  too true . 
   ensuring that the candidate with the biggest group becomes cp would be an improvement over just agreeing on some nobody third candidate that really no one even had the slightest chance of indirectly voting for or against . 
  i totally understand this position . 
  in fact , i think the position of many proeu brits , that want eu membership but do n't want a change in the way that the commission president is elected , is somewhat crazy . 
   they can lure potential labour voters . 
  or they can lure potential ukip voters . 
  but not both . 
  i think it is actually much more complicated than that . 
  nobody knows how badly the lib dems will do and nobody knows how well ukip will do . 
  there is also euscepticism increasingly among labour voters . 
  there is also the phenomenon of swingback , that generally happens in the final year of a parliamentary term . 
  and there is also the booming uk economy . 
  so i am not placing any bets !, 
   and they are projected to have less of a majority next term . 
  there is a long long way to go until the next election in terms of politics !, 
   could cameron have acted earlier ? 
  he could and he should have . 
  to be fair to him , the ecr did condemn the process openly and early . 
  but i agree , cameron should have been clearer . 
   it was n't a backroom deal [ would you not describe the discussions between merkel and renzi related to eu budget rules as a backroom deal ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/euro-finance/merkel-renzi-agree-eu-budget-rules-flexibility-303090 ) ? 
   did n't their referendum bill get defeated in the house of lords ? 
  yes , but they are bringing it back again . 
  if it gets passed by the h of c again and then defeated by the h of l again , then it can be forced through . 
   ukip got about 10 % in scotland . 
  that 's 17 % less than what they got in all of britain . 
  plus they were not on the ballot before this election . 
  10 % is not much . 
  ukip were on the ballot in the eu elections in scotland in 2009 , getting 5 % of the vote . 
  they doubled their score in 2014 in scotland . 
  this is a hugely significant rise by a party that the head of the scottish government spent a huge amount of energy campaigning against . 
   yeah but those opinion polls are influenced by some anti- eu press . 
  that press is not going to go away , is it ?!, 
   if we get a referendum you will have a lot of people banging the drum for the eu such as the government and big business . 
  what the government argue remains to be seen . 
  it depends who is in government and a range of other factors . 
   the labour party with a clear policy against referendum and the conservative party with a hallow promise of a distant referendum , when they had both the capability and the right to have called it within this very term of office to set things straight . 
  the conservative party do not have the power to call for a referendum in this term as they do not have a parliamentary majority . 
  the labour party have not set out their proposal on the eu for the next election yet . 
  we will see what they say . 
   how so ? 
  let 's wait and see , but it is likely that in terms of uk politics , cameron has done well . 
  the expectation is that support for cameron in the uk goes up . 
  ( as someone who voted ukip in the eu elections , i am now considering voting conservative in the general election . ), 
  in terms of eu politics , cameron has lost the vote , and the implications are still uncertain . 
  however , the rest of the eu will now know that he is deadly serious about wanting some serious reforms . 
  we will see how they respond . 
   you may want to look up how your `` prime minister '' is elected . 
  everyone in the uk who votes has heard of the prime minister . 
   it 's a workplace . 
  and if you lose to confidence and backing of co-workers , you should n't be surprised that you are undermined at every corner . 
  i can work with either analogy ... !, 
  however , my point still stands . 
  once you get underminded at every corner in the workplace , it is only a matter of time before you resign . 
  i do agree with you here , cameron 's negotiation strategy was far from perfect !, 
   because i do n't know how scotland would decide . 
  they just elected a ukip mep . 
  eu scepticism in scotland is on the increase .
