  i am a recruiter and a manager . 
  if i hire someone who is not going to do a good job , my company does worse and my competitors ( who make better hiring decisions ) do better . 
   do you really think there is no hypocrisy in the private sector ? 
  private sector needs to make a profit to survive . 
  this means that when i hire someone in the private sector i am mainly thinking about how profitable that decision will be , which inevitably makes the process less corrupt . 
   this discussion is going nowhere because i can not not suspect you of intellectual dishonesty . 
  no one should ever ever say that voting goes beyond being informed . 
  we were voting about where we want sovereignty to lie . 
  ultimately this is a question of preference . 
  educated people do n't have better answers to this question than uneducated people . 
  a measurement of how easy it is to buy a house is useful , but the current definition of poverty does not do that . 
  if social exclusion can be measured , that would also be useful . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` better informed '' but personally i think the brexit referendum was primarily about who should govern the uk . 
  that question is beyond being informed and no amount of education can tell you that . 
  i am very educated and voted leave , but it is n't education that gives weight to political opinions . 
  how is poverty measured in france out of interest ? 
  do you think the way it is measured is useful ? 
  numbers are useful if they are measuring something useful . 
  but not all data is equally useful . 
  personally i find growth rates and employment statistics to be the most interesting economic statistics . 
  i do n't find relative measures of poverty particularly interesting ( which is how poverty is measured in the uk ) . 
  i am not sure how it is measured in other countries . 
  also , i did not ever say that following the majority of experts is anti-intellectual . 
  i did say that blindly following experts without considering the underlying arguments was anti-intellectual . 
  i do n't know what the number is . 
  however , i am not interested in the number because the way it is measured is not in my view a very useful statistic . 
  i do n't know . 
  but , i find the way poverty is measured in the uk completely artificial . 
  it only measures relative poverty . 
   weak currencies make exports more competitive but make prices higher . 
  writing that weak currencies make prices higher is a bit misleading . 
  they make imports more expensive , but they do n't make all prices higher . 
  i thought this about uk too , but somehow oxford managed to be top of that list . 
  maybe there is an oxford in another country ? 
  seriously , i can not understand why governments have been so shit at this ... 
   i see this sub as an oasis of calm people smoking on pipe . 
  i agree that as far as social media goes , this sub does manage to maintain relatively high standards . 
  so i guess we need to give thanks to our gracious moderators ... 
   maybe we could agree to keep reasonably high taxes in return for single market access ? 
  :3 it should be our parliament that decides tax levels in the uk . 
  obviously , we do n't want our parliament to lose this ability as it would mean depriving voters of a choice . 
  this battle between florian and marion is actually quite interesting ... 
   uk-eu relations will get nasty . 
  this was already the case . 
  given this , the uk might as well lower taxes and attract investment . 
  things stay nasty , but uk gets investment . 
   who knows it might increase tax revenue for all we know . 
  so far lowering corporation taxes in the uk has not caused tax revenue to decrease and instead there have been benefits , which is why the government wants to reduce corporation tax further . 
  ( also , seeing the word `` programme '' written as `` progam '' gave me cancer , but other than that we are cool . ), 
  the good news is that the current government is committed to lowering tax even more . 
  hopefully eu governments now start trying to lower taxes too . 
  actually i am pretty wealthy compared to the vast majority of the british public . 
  pretty much all my family ended out being on the leave side . 
  my younger sister who voted remain now regrets it . 
  but i this is an emotional issue and i know lots of relationships that were really strained by it ... 
  i think london was about 40 % leave . 
  obviously my very wealthy colleagues are heartbroken !, 
  however , i actually like encountering opinions that are different from my own . 
  it is the best way to understand things . 
  it is the reason i post here . 
   so i can see / u/trucidator 's reaction . 
  have you heard of la terreur ?!, 
  you have seen nothing ... 
  what is the date of this article ? 
  it was n't on your source . 
  agreed, 
  not quite . 
  the supreme court case might mean legislation has to be passed ( today 's vote is not legislative ) . 
  you should - flights are not too expensive and london is also not too bad if you have a place to stay and know people . 
  seriously , message me if you are ever around !, 
  hey , that is really kind , thanks !, 
  sending you a virtual beer across the internet and a real one if you ever come to london !, 
  it is great that the uk 's elected representatives are now supporting brexit . 
  this is wonderful for all those of us who support enlightenment values . 
   this sub really has a hard-on for shitting on britain i 'd say that i am the poster on this sub most associated with brexit , having been advocating for a leave vote here for more than three years . 
  it has been quite a ride , but i still just about enjoy it !, 
  the vast majority of brits overseas were able to vote in the referendum . 
  only a small minority had been living outside the uk for more than 15 years . 
  i 'm not saying that we should not have elections . 
  i am saying that if we did have an election in the uk the conservatives would win and increase their majority . 
  however , the conservatives are entitled to continue governing until 2020 ( as long as they keep the confidence of parliament ) . 
   how do you know ? 
  look at all the opinion polls . 
  they give the conservatives big leads . 
  during the uk 's renegotiation with the eu in february of this year ( how long ago it seems ! ), 
  she did some amusing tweets which were followed closely by euwatchers over here . 
  not sure if she wrote them or someone else wrote them , but they were fun . 
  however , i also think she is a very good leader in the positions she takes about russia and for these reasons i am very supportive of her ( and want my government also to be supportive ) . 
  this is sensible by may . 
  if she holds her ground and faces down the remainers , they will give up . 
  she has the people on her side . 
  she is a fun person to follow on twitter . 
  no , that 's not true . 
  you are inventing numbers now . 
  radical and nihilistic have totally different meanings . 
  point to a single comment of mine that indicates i do n't like immigrants . 
  otherwise retract your comment . 
   it 's also inevitable . 
  history is not inevitable . 
  i have n't watched the video so do n't have anything much to add .
