  you appear to think that the uk was trying to deport him to the lebanon where he might risk being tortured . 
  actually , that 's not the case . 
  he was to be deported to jordan and there was never any real concern at all that he would be tortured in jordan . 
  the reason the deportation took so long was because there was a concern that evidence obtained through torture would be used in the trial against him in jordan , which is an entirely different proposition . 
  also , i am not sure why you think the uk 's legal system and political culture mean that rights would be weaker than in continental europe . 
  historically liberties in the uk have tended to be much stronger . 
  actually , france , uk , sweden , hungary and the netherlands would have a blocking minority . 
   i do n't sit in that crowd . 
  i 'm ok with free movement within the eu as long as people integrate & contribute , which most eu citizens do . 
  this is pretty much where i am too . 
  i am broadly in favour of immigration into the uk ( provided that infrastructure can cope etc. . . ) , but am still an eusceptic . 
   the main thing moderate eurosceptics want to see is an opt out on the social chapter of the european union . 
  that 's the sort of thing which prohibits companies from people able to work their employees to the bone for 12 hours a day , without breaks . 
  what makes you think that an individual member state is unable to come up with its own forms of welfare and employment protection ? 
  plenty of countries all round the world succeed in this . 
  this is not something that needs to be decided at eu level , it is something the member states can decide . 
   it 's considered totally abhorrent that humans should have rights that can not be taken away from them , simply by virtue of being human . 
  nobody is saying that the there should be no human rights in the uk at all . 
  the uk has a long tradition of rights . 
  the proposal is that the uk enacts its own bill of rights . 
  there is no conceptual reason why rights should be decided at the european level , rather than for example the national level or the global level . 
   atm the european convention on human rights prescribes that everybody of able mind be able to vote , but the uk just ignored that bit of the convention and does n't give prisoners the vote anyway this is n't what the echr says . 
  it says :  [ `` the high contracting parties undertake to hold free elections at reasonable intervals by secret ballot , under conditions which will ensure the free expression of the opinion of the people in the choice of the legislature . '' ], 
  ( http://conventions.coe.int/treaty/en/treaties/html/009.htm ), 
   in that respect , yes you can compare the uk with the swedes , dutch , hungarians and whoever else opposes him . 
  what is relevant is not just the fact of opposition to juncker , but the nature of the opposition . 
  the uk is not alone in opposing juncker , but it is alone in the way it has gone about opposing him ( cameron writing opinion pieces in newspapers , mentioning that it might make a brexit more likely and so forth ) . 
  personally i think the uk is correct to adopt this approach . 
  the uk is the only eu country where there is a real public debate about whether or not to leave the eu and a real prospect of a referendum on this in the not-too-distant future . 
  because of this political background , cameron just can not approach questions about the eu in the same way as the heads of government of other eu member states . 
   you reminded me of a quote from the dictator which is `` the people of wadiya love to be oppressed '' . 
  i 'm not really sure what it is that i have said that makes you think that ...  and most of the times people dont know what happens when those parties get elected . 
  facists do n't tend to get elected in the uk though . 
  currently the bnp has two seats in local governement in the uk out of 20,000 . 
   the uk isnt a good example for that either because before ww2 the so called english hitler was starting to gain power and the way to britain solve the problem was to arrest him and make the party outlaw . 
  mosely was not starting to gain power in the uk before ww2 . 
  he had a small following , no electoral representation and no support from mainstream opinion and there was no risk of him getting power . 
  the reason he was interned was because by then the uk was at war with germany and emergency legislation needed to be introduced specifically to ensure that the war could be managed . 
  once hitler was dead , the legislation was removed . 
   instead of holding everyone else back , why not just be one of those non-member states with a close a association to the eu ? 
  i agree with you , i think it makes sense for the uk to transition to `` associate status '' or something of the kind . 
   worked out so well in 1933 it has worked out well in the uk . 
  fascists have never had notable power in the uk . 
   btw i know that some retard is going to read this and basically say `` oh , but that is against equality and freedom of association itself '' , but how is letting people to create a party that the `` main selling point '' is inequality and restricting the right of association be in favor of equality and the right of association ? 
  i hate to be that guy , but i take the view that part of liberalism is allowing people with illiberal views to campaign / have free speech . 
  in my view a confident liberal democracy should feel able to defeat a fascist ideology through the power of argument , rather than having to rely on the law . 
  in the uk , there are n't specific laws prohibiting racist or fascist organisations . 
  however , our electoral system and political culture in the uk have meant that they have never in practice had any significant publicity or power when compared to elsewhere in europe . 
   it 's a pity because `` working together '' does not have the same strength as `` speaking with one voice '' in the realm of international relations . 
  this is true , but there is no point in there being just one voice if that voice does not say the things that everyone wants it to say . 
  given the choice between the relatively quieter voice of the uk ( that still has a big military , nuclear and unsc p5 ) saying what i want it to say , and a louder eu voice saying something i do n't want to say , i would say that the latter is the greater pity . 
  also , do n't you think it makes sense for the rest of the eu to push on with unified foreign policy without the uk ( and potentially other trouble-makers ) ? 
  to me this seems the simplest way of dealing with the other voices and vetoes . 
  why not just take the uk out of the process ? 
  problem solved . 
   what if canada or mexico decided to allow russians to set up bases there ? 
  those countries are sovereign nations though , are n't they ? 
  so essentially the us could do nothing ( other than soft power / santions etc ) . 
  and thus it also is with finland . 
  being next to russia is not a reason to stop finland joining nato . 
   i 'm annoyed that i will be in work when this starts . 
  i 'm going to be `` working '' from `` home '' ... 
   it 's a pity , because that is one of the reasons where a united europe makes way more sense than a divided one . 
  i do n't really think it is a pity . 
  those eu nations that want to have a unified foreign policy can push ahead and do that without the uk , if this is important to them . 
  this does n't mean that the uk wo n't work together with europe in many many areas ( just as much as of europe already works together with the us on many questions of foreign policy , defence and security ) . 
   b ) i 'm not a member of the anglican church , nor any kind of protestant , and that automatically disqualifies me from the succession . 
  are you a catholic ? 
  only catholics are disqualified from the succession . 
  jews , atheists , muslims etc are not disqualified . 
  an interest in politics and law ( i certainly have both these things ... ) are not determinative or even indicative of being pro the monarchy . 
  this is a very welcome development in my mind . 
  i know , i know ... 
  it was a tough call , especially because the germans are n't really our friends ... 
  they are pretty much identical in my mind . 
   the uk was a very strong promoter of a common defense and security policy . 
  in general terms , common defence and security is in the uk 's interests . 
  the uk , as a big military spender , is likely to continue to co-operate closely with the eu on matters of security and defence whether or not we are in the eu . 
  [ but there will still be red lines we will not cross . 
  ] ( http://euobserver.com/defence/113569 )  i can not imagine it against a common foreign policy . 
  the current uk government is against it :  [ above all , we can not outsource parts of our foreign policy , for example to the european external action service as some have suggested . 
  indeed the breadth and depth of the fco is a great asset for our success in the european union , and along with other european countries ' foreign ministries is crucial to our ability to project collective influence . 
  there is not and will never be any substitute for a strong british diplomatic service that advances the interests of the united kingdom . 
  we can never rely on anyone else to do that for us . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/the-best-diplomatic-service-in-the-world-strengthening-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-as-an-institution ) fortunately , uk foreign policy is generally not too distinct from the foreign policies of other eu states . 
  however , even in recent years what with libya , ukraine etc we have seen some differences . 
   i was not addressing op . 
  the term is plural and it refers to people in the west in general . 
  if you were n't addressing the op it might have made more sense not to hijack this thread then . 
   but you are presuming that everyone wants a federation , except uk . 
  i would n't . 
  i agree , it is more complicated than that , but my point stands that the main obstacle to a federal eu is the uk and that without the uk in it the eu will continue to exist . 
  that 's why i think your question , a choice between federation and non-existence , is a false dichotomy . 
   and anyway , probably the first question one has to ask is what is a federation , what are the differences among the different types , what weight these differences have on different issues , and what does it entail for each specific country . 
  i agree , this is logically the first question . 
  but i can not conceive of a single answer to this question that will satisfy both mainstream public opinion in the uk and mainstream eu-federalism . 
  to start with , the uk would never consent to a unified foreign policy . 
  and really what is the point of a federal eu without a unified foreign policy . 
  so i think the idea of a federal eu with the uk in it falls at the first hurdle . 
   who are you , to live a comfortable life , buy your iphone and your expensive clothing , while people in the philippines for example live and struggle with poverty beyond your comprehension , on a daily basis .
