  under the scenario in which scotland votes for independence and scotland 's eu accession process is slower than scotland 's independence process ( which is presumably what we are discussing here ) it would not be the eu that is depriving scotland of eu citizenship . 
  it would be scotland . 
   according to a few people . 
  i ca n't think of any other possible reading of article 49 teu . 
  what is your reading of it ? 
   and when the eu sits down to look at a yes vote , were it to happen , there is no way they will act against that . 
  i agree , the most likely scenario is a relatively quick accession . 
  however , i do n't think it is a certainty . 
  for example , in the scenario that ruk refuses to join a currency union with iscotland and iscotland refuses to repay its share of the debt leaving ruk with the bill then there might be calls for ruk to delay iscotland 's accession . 
  i also think it is possible that some other member states insist that iscotland takes on the entire acquis including schengen and a firm political commitment to the euro . 
  all this means is that there are a number of uncertainties . 
   firstly mep 's do n't have a veto on this . 
  individual meps do n't , but the parliament as a whole has a veto . 
  at least , that seems to be the best reading of `` after receiving the assent of the european parliament '' in article 49 teu . 
   secondly millions of scottish people are citizens of the eu and carry it 's passport . 
  the idea that the eu will strip them of that is comicial . 
  under this scenario , the eu would not be stripping scottish people of citizenship . 
  scotland , by becoming a separate country that is not a member of the eu , would be stripping scottish people of eu citizenship . 
  nobody thinks spain are going to veto scotland . 
  however , the process for accession might not be as quick as scotland likes and might not align with iscotland 's proposed timetable for independence . 
  there are potential difficulties in relation to iscotland wanting the benefit of ruk 's existing opt-outs . 
  there are a number of uncertainties and moving parts that are impossible to predict at this stage . 
  to me , the difference between 3.1 and 4 is quite a big gap . 
  they needed almost quarter as many votes again to get into parliament , which makes me wonder if parliamentary representation was really a realistic aim for them . 
  however , they did do much better than they did in 2010 ( which i think is something that they should be pleased about ) . 
   it seems like it , the parties of the former goverment seem butt hurt almost everyone seems butthurt , even the greens and the social democrats . 
  swedish democrats and feminists do n't seem to be butthurt about the election , but just generally butthurt about other stuff . 
   oddly enough i think we are closer to england than to france in terms of kinship . 
  without the wars we would have been very natural allies . 
  but since there is now a certain level of mistrust on both sides , we are more like 2 brothers that only come together for family meetings but apart from that we tend to ignore each other and secretly wish we were n't related . 
  this . 
  the english and the germans are brothers who were separated at birth . 
  in many ways culturally we are much more similar than either of us are to the french . 
  i do n't think we secretly wish we were n't related . 
  i think we both secretly wish history would have been different and we could have been the brothers that we should have been . 
  do we get it back again ? 
  united kingdom of england , wales , helgoland and northern ireland ... 
  thanks . 
  likely even without formal power , they will have an impact . 
  the other parties will have to consider their positions . 
  we will see ... 
  i had understood that afd want a slimmed down euro , with fewer member states . 
  to me this policy would be a quick way of killing the eu . 
  can you imagine what would happen if afd got into power ? 
  britain is going to keep with a safety net for the needy . 
  currently our safety net also provides for some people who are n't needy too . 
  i do n't agree with quite a bit of ukip 's rhetoric , but in terms of making a brexit more likely it is the best way to vote . 
  unsurprising results from afd . 
  it looks like germany is not immune from euscepticism either . 
  we live in interesting times . 
  history has n't finished . 
  i voted ukip . 
  if brexit happens i think that will be a good outcome ( in the long term ) for danish eusceptics . 
  the uk is a stable liberal democracy following the rule of law with a strong military , a large economy , nuclear weapons , massive soft power and a permanent seat at the unsc . 
  the uk is therefore better placed to deal with isis than most of the globe and should certainly be a key part of the global discussion about them . 
  viking83 - how did you end up voting in the european election ? 
  when we discussed this months ago , you said that you would not vote as you did not believe in giving legitimacy to the european union ( apologies if i have misquoted you ) . 
  did you end up voting for the danish folk party ? 
  ( i never understand why people translate the danish `` folk '' into the english `` people '' when we have a great english word `` folk '' ... ), 
  under international law there is a principle called uti possidetis , under whichever when states separate they use existing established boundaries . 
  there is an existing established boundary between england and scotland . 
  the fact that the people in scotland close to this boundary are pro-union is not relevant to the boundary that will be used . 
  why hopefully ? 
  the world has not suddenly become safer . 
  the acts of union made the uk one state , but not one nation . 
  of course , it is separatist , but against a nation state . 
  it is separatist in pursuit of the nation state . 
  the potential rainbow coalition in 2010 was never mooted seriously by any politician . 
  the chances of labour not being able to form a majority alone , but being able to form one with the greens are minuscule . 
  there is zero chance of the greens being in government in 2015 in the uk . 
  they are likely not to get any seats . 
  they may just get one seat . 
  we have some great new breweries in london too - unfortunately i am not really an ale drinker - and prefer lager . 
  do n't hate me !, 
  good luck at university - but after university do n't believe that just because you are a `` tart in the arts '' ( ! ), 
  you ca n't work overseas . 
  get some skills and you can work almost anywhere !, 
  why do n't you go and live in sweden ? 
  serious question . 
  that way you would be in a society where a green/social democrat coalition is a realistic prospect . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that my approach to cvs causes a problem . 
  obviously , i ca n't do anything about incomplete cvs , but in the interview process i will normally find out anyway . 
  for senior or mid-level jobs , menial work might not be relevant ( i no longer put it on my cv ) but for junior positions it is relevant . 
  i 'm a lawyer and at the beginning of a law career the work can be dull , repetitive , with long hours . 
  someone who has done menial work therefore has something of an advantage . 
  rather than blaming the telegraph ( who published the article ) do n't you think you should be blaming the former head of the british army ( who wrote the article ) ? 
   give them a serious living . 
  they 're doing what everyone looks down upon doing . 
  personally i do n't look down on people who do or have done menial work . 
  also , by looking on people who have done menial work favourably , when it comes to hiring , i am giving people who have done menial work a possibility to earn more and do more interesting work . 
  i have no idea why you seem to be arguing against me . 
  and , by looking on people who have menial experience on their cv favourably , i am giving them an opportunity to do a different job . 
  i find it astonishing that on the one hand you are saying that people who do menial work should do something different and then are also criticising the approach of employers who make that happen . 
  menial work is not abusive . 
  i 'm talking about stuff like cleaning , food production , some farm labour , unskilled factory work and so forth . 
  this work may be tiring , poorly paid , unimaginative and so forth , but it is not inherently abusive . 
  for an economy to function , someone needs to do these jobs . 
  what would you prefer me to do ? 
  refuse to employ anyone who has ever had a menial job ? 
  or look upon that experience favourably when i make an employment decision ?
