  i 'm afraid that the eu 's data on the budget and exactly how the uk 's rebate is calculated [ is terribly complicated ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/budget/data/db2014/en/genrev.pdf ) . 
  however , in summary , the rebate effectively involves the uk getting back two thirds of the difference between what it puts into the eu budget and what it gets back . 
  but this mechanism only covers farm subsidies to eu-15 ( those countries that joined before 1995 ) and some farm subsidies to the new member states ( the so-called pillar ii of cap ) , in addition to the so-called structural funds going to eu-15 . 
  thus if farm subsidies and sructural funds to the eu-15 are reduced , what the uk gets back are also reduced . 
   they also have to consider that the czech republic is bound by treaty to adopt the euro . 
  but so is sweden . 
  how is that working out ? 
   unfortunately , it is almost a historical rule that czech politician equals spineless lackey . 
  whether it is vienna , paris , berlin , moscow of brussels , they simply can not even imagine standing for interest of their own country . 
  dude - stay strong and stay out of the euro . 
  if necessary come to britain and we can give you some lessons on saying `` no '' to europe , we have a lot of experience in this area . 
   i think `` isolationist '' would be a better term in this situation . 
  that is a better term than `` racist '' or `` xenophobe '' . 
  also , whatever term we use for swiss people who want controls on immigration , we have to use for every other person who wants controls on immigration . 
  remember that every eu country has some controls on immigration from outside the eu . 
  if the swiss are `` racist '' for wanting controls on immigration from croatia , than germans are also `` racist '' for wanting ( much harsher ) controls on immigration from ethiopia ... 
   from my understanding , they were n't forced , and second - it was a loan , not a gift . 
  its true that czech were n't forced . 
  ( the uk participated directly in the first bail-out , but not directly in the second . 
  obviously the uk also participated indirectly in the second one via the imf . ), 
  its also true that it was a loan - but the terms were not commercially good ones for the lenders . 
   uk most certainly wo n't lift a finger to help ukraine , no matter what . 
  there 's literally nothing for them in there . 
  agreed . 
  i think we can assume that the uk will stay out of this until poland get invaded . 
  or perhaps we will just wait until anyone threatens belgium . 
   germany would be even more happy if the uk gave up the rebate it negotiated in the 80ies . 
  the reasons for that rebate still largely apply though . 
  the uk gets the rebate because the eu budget is so skewed towards the cap . 
  and the uk 's agricultural sector is very small . 
  germany is cool with the uk having a rebate . 
  it is france that is n't cool with it . 
   if the british want common market access , they 'll have to make their budget contribution just like norway . 
  since the uk economy is doing much better today , there are no grounds for continuing the rebate when the treaties are renegotiated . 
  this will substantially increase the uk 's budget contribution following a brexit . 
  the grounds are the size of the uk 's agricultural sector . 
  the best way of getting rid of the uk 's rebate is to get rid of the cap . 
  the rebate is linked to the cap . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm not saying the stakes are n't high . 
  i 'm just saying that switzerland have not broken any agreement . 
   and they 'll not get off the hook . 
  we will see . 
  my bet is that switzerland do n't back down . 
  they value democracy and their system of governance to highly . 
   semantics . 
  again , the european commission does not agree with you apparently by now cancelling the science and research treaty as first step . 
  no - there is a fundamental difference between legal obligations and political principles . 
  ask any lawyer :-) the european commission might be cancelling a treaty , but it is not doing this because switzerland is in breach of any legal obligation . 
   `` going against the principle '' of a treaty is pretty much the same as breaking it ? 
  not really . 
  the principle is a political thing rather than a legal thing . 
  as a matter of law switzerland have not broken anything . 
   as soon as the swiss understand they made a mistake , the treaties will be revived . 
  did the swiss make a mistake ? 
  personally i do n't think that they did make a mistake . 
  i do n't see switzerland re-running this vote . 
  thanks . 
   `` this goes against the principle of free movement of people between the eu and switzerland , '' the european commission had said at the time , adding it would review the impact on overall relations between switzerland and the eu . '', 
  [ source ] that source is n't saying that switzeland has broken any agreement though . 
   the european commission does not agree with you ... [ citation needed . ], 
   such comments are laughable . 
  is n't it obvious that a landlocked enclave within a large common-market block will hurt more than said block even despite differences in exports ? 
  yes , this is obvious . 
  but is this what the eu is though ? 
  working out who can be hurt ? 
   yes , free movement of eu citizens was the very first treaty . 
  and croatia is our youngest eu member . 
  dude , as i just explained to you earlier in this same thread the treaty between the eu and switzerland did not apply to all eu citizens . 
  it only applied to citizens in certain member states and croatia has not been included . 
  so switzerland has not broken any agreement . 
   yes , you broke the bilateral agreement on the movement of eu citizens by not signing an agreement with croatia . 
  dude , as already discussed , switzerland has not broken any agreement . 
  not signing an agreement is not the same as breaking an agreement . 
   i know your argument is about `` what 's in the eu 's interests '' , but what those interests might be is subjective . 
  damage trade relations with a minor trade partner , or lose political credibility . 
  that 's the choice . 
  yes , i agree with you that interests are a subjective thing . 
  personally i do n't think the eu loses any political credibility by re-negotiating a compromise with switzerland . 
  in fact , i think its political credibility would be enhanced . 
   this will harm the swiss a lot more than the eu , trade is very asymmetric in their favour . 
  research and development projects can easily be done in other countries too , nations that are willing to play by to the spirit and the rules of the eu . 
  i 'm not saying that switzerland wo n't be more hurt than the eu . 
  but even if the eu is hurt a little bit ( which it would be ) then it would be madness for the eu to be happy to hurt itself just to prove some kind of a `` yurop stronk '' point . 
   not sure about disproportionate . 
  they want all the benefits and none of the burdens . 
  but i do n't think what switzerland want should be a relevant consideration when the eu considers what is in its best interests . 
  and i do n't think it is in the eu 's best interests to put in place barriers to trade that will harm the eu , particularly at a time when much of the eu has a very stuttering economy . 
  ( but i know that other people feel differently about this . ), 
   so it 's the refusal of the swiss to allow free movement of persons in the eu again . 
  which might even trigger the guillotine clause , cancelling out all the other agreements with the swiss as well . 
  i know that a lot of euphiles seem to be very happy exercise the guillotine clause . 
  personally i think this would be very disproportionate and will not lead to a good outcome for either the eu or switzerland ( as the eu benefits from trade with switzerland ) . 
  edit : i would be surprised if the croatia thing triggers the guillotine clause ( though i have not checked the agreement itself here ) . 
  i would expect the guillotine clause only to be triggered when switzerland applies limits on free movement to other eu member states . 
   according to olivier bailly of the commission the agreement directly applies to croatia as well . 
  and i assume he 's right since else we would n't see this first swiss exclusion announced . 
  he 's wrong . 
  the agreement does n't apply directly to croatia . 
  ( [ you can see here how other countries have been added by protocols .
