  the other states that did sign it have gone ahead with it . 
  i 'll leave you to decide if you think it has been a success . 
  the uk is not going to be a participating state in the financial transactions tax , along with a majority of other member states ( ireland , luxembourg , sweden , bulgaria , cyprus , czech republic , denmark , malta , the netherlands , finland , latvia , lithuania , netherlands , poland , romania , all of whom are not participating ) . 
  among the participating member states , there is a great deal of disagreement about what transactions should be in scope and where any proceeds should go . 
  it is very uncertain if it will ever go ahead . 
  but - by all means - blame the uk . 
  i 'm happy for you to use whatever language you like when you discuss the uk . 
  however , just do n't be surprised , when based on your rhetoric , that people assume you hate the uk . 
  perhaps you do n't follow financial service sector reform closely ? 
  i do ( as i work in financial services ) . 
  the uk 's reform of financial services has been more extensive than the rest of the eu 's exactly because it is so important to the uk and in the national interest . 
  the uk , wanting london to remain the global centre of international finance , has obviously been keen to ensure that london remains credible and operative . 
  as for banking union , perhaps it does have some flaws . 
  but can you point to a single flaw that is down to the uk ? 
  perhaps you do n't hate the uk then . 
  if that is the case , i would advise you to choose your language more carefully . 
  if you say things like `` you only see unfounded arrogance , your shout stinks etc '' people will assume that you hate the uk . 
  you 're right that once the uk leaves the eu , ukip will disappear . 
  but ukip knows that . 
  they are a campaign group focused on leaving the eu . 
  once they have achieved their objective , there will be no need for the campaign to exist . 
  actually - i am not sure that greece would be locked out of the markets forever if it defaulted . 
  the markets are surprisingly forgiving . 
  or perhaps surprisingly forgetful . 
  the markets are currently keen on risk ( look how much they love spain again , iceland , ireland ) . 
  if greece defaulted and devalued and managed to avoid inflation , the markets would be back very quickly . 
  of course , britain only wants the things that benefit britain . 
  but , each nation takes this position . 
  which european countries are doing things which are not in their national interest ? 
  i would n't say you just `` do n't like '' the uk , judging by your earlier remarks i would say you feel strong hatred towards it . 
  i 'm not sure if a unified army , unified foreign policy are very likely at the moment even without the uk . 
  even france and germany can not agree a foreign policy . 
  as for banking union , that is actually already going ahead and the uk has been one of the strongest voices in favour of it . 
  a majority of brits ( if you follow opinion polls ) do want to pull out of the eu . 
  the political class in the uk has always been more proeu than the man on the street . 
  personally i think that ukip are quite different from lega nord ( i lived for a few years in milan and followed lega nord closely ) . 
  i think the ideology behind them is rather different . 
  ukip wants an independent uk - something that is real and within memory and has already existed as a successful nation . 
  lega nord wants padania - something that has never existed and does not even have clear boundaries . 
  but - we will see in may how things turn out . 
  i find it rather mystifying that europeans are happy that norway and switzerland do n't want to be in the eu , but for some reason do n't like brits who say exactly the same thing . 
  it is an odd kind of double standard and discussed in the [ newspapers ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/danielhannan/100255182/britain-is-not-a-small-island-few-countries-have-a-longer-reach/ ) today . 
  still - you obviously seem to hate my country . 
  you call me nationalist , arrogant and so forth . 
  is it any surprise that britain wants to leave ? 
  and it sounds like you will be very happy to see us go , so uk leaving will suit is both . 
  the economic growth of britain might mean that conservatives will do better in the general election in 2015 , but i do n't think it will help them much in the european elections . 
  dude , euscepticism just means wanting your country to pull out of the eu . 
  that 's not the same as nationalism . 
  do you call norwegians that do n't want to join the eu nationalists ? 
  we will see about ukip flopping hard . 
  nobody in uk thinks they will flop hard . 
  personally i think uk is a voice of reason in the eu , in favour of reform . 
  but , perhaps [ the reforms that the uk wants ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1v9qxw/instead_of_simply_demanding_change_from_the_eu/ceq35ki ) , are not the reforms that you want !, 
  ( progress in europe means very different things to different people . ), 
  in my view , the two greatest achievements of the eu have been ( 1 ) the common market and ( 2 ) expansion of the eu into eastern europe . 
  the biggest supporter of these policies has of course been the uk . 
  differently , the biggest failure of the eu has been the euro , and of course it was the uk who was most against that . 
  ironically , i believe that once the uk leaves the eu , the eu will actually start to move in a direction that suits the uk . 
  i do n't believe things will move in a federal direction , because i think the anti-federal movements in certain nations ( sweden , denmark and the netherlands ) are just to profound . 
  a brexit will force the eu to focus and rationalise in a way which will be good for the eu , a bit like the currency crisis has , but with much less pain . 
  no more cookies for the french any more !, 
  i think you 'll soon not mind about the uk leaving . 
  after all - does it really pain you that norway and switzerland are not in the eu ? 
  you still think of them as european and you will still think of the uk as european . 
  the uk will never ( unfortunately ) be able to move to the middle of the atlantic . 
  we 're always going to be there . 
  london is always going to be full of italians , just as toscana will always be full of brits . 
  culturally , nothing is going to change . 
  as for what is economically beneficial to the uk ? 
  we will have to take the risk !, 
  we will still keep on buying products from germany !, 
  i am sure that the eu and the uk will be able to reach some kind of sensible trade / market arrangement eventually !, 
   so why are we shutting down extremist websites ? 
  we only shut down extremist websites if they do things like promote crime . 
  if the daily mail were promoting crime , there would be a reason for shutting it down . 
   we have standards in every other industry so why not the press ? 
  other industries are slightly different from the press . 
  other industries tend to be in favour of regulation in a way that the press is n't . 
  also , the press has a unique role in terms of scrutinising and criticising government . 
   the daily mail can publish but it should not be allowed to call itself a newspaper if it ca n't meet basic standards of accuracy . 
  i think it is kind of irrelevant what it calls itself . 
  most people will call it a newspaper , because , whether or not we like it , that is the best word to describe what it purports to do . 
  i do n't think we should have a law regulating what things can call themselves newspapers . 
  that strikes me as pointless and a waste of time for legislators . 
  seriously - if you do n't like the mail you do n't have to read it . 
  problem solved . 
   technically the queen owns all property in the uk and its subjects are simply renting the privilige to use them . 
  technically , the queen does not own all the property in the uk . 
  technically the crown owns it and this is just a concept of the state . 
  so , for example , say property falls empty and has no ownership it reverts to the crown . 
  then profits for a sale go to the treasury . 
  you do n't need to consider it part of the press . 
  it does n't matter what you or i consider it to be . 
  if it wants to print and some people want to read it , then we must let it continue . 
  the government should not control what newspapers are allowed to be published . 
  ( unless you want to live in a dictatorship . ), 
  haha !, 
  hopefully you managed to learn at least something in school in the uk ? 
   daily mail needs to be shut down .
