  if france goes to hell with the eurozone then all those trade links with france will suffer as a result . 
  obviously , trade is not a static and other factors , not just geographical location , influence trade , which is why the amount of the uk 's trade with the reu relative to its trade with other parts of the world has changed in the last decade and will continue to change in the future . 
  physical facts do n't change , but that does not mean that trade does not change . 
  the size of the french economy relative to the global economy is changing and thus its relative importance as a trade partner changes . 
  the products and services being traded change with time and not all trading partners have an equal need for what the uk produces . 
  the costs of trading with other parts of the world relative to trading with france also change with globalisation . 
   what about the census ? 
  it is always out-of-date . 
  we like the french to be a little bit rude to us for some reason , in the same way that they like us to be mean about them , 
   that part to me has been very ironic . 
  during the 2000 's the uk was the biggest proponent of turkey 's eu membership , with france and germany being more skeptical . 
  it is in the uk 's interests to promote turkey 's membership of the eu . 
  with luck , just as we leave , turkey will join . 
   having seen fascist/communist/mafia terrorism in the 70 's all trough the early 90s allowed our services to be prepared . 
  this experience helps a lot . 
  the uk intelligence services say that experience of the ira has helped the uk stay ( more or less ) on top . 
  however , we are all targets and we will not stay lucky :(, 
   greece leaving the eurozone , not the eu entirely there is no legal way of doing this . 
  treaty change would be required . 
  they helped keep spain out of ww2 which was really important . 
  it is good because it strengthens nato , keeping us safe . 
  agreed that russia is a kleptocracy , but my definition of liberal democracy excludes kleptocracies ... 
  lol - brexit is very universal . 
  belief in liberal democracy motivates both my belief in brexit and my hopes for russia !, 
  lol - yeah , the news about the g7 inability to sort out sanctions on russia was another reminder about how right thatcher was when she talked about w. europe . 
  the good news is that in addition to the romanians , we also have the poles , the estonians and the greeks stepping up . 
  everyone else is very much a work in progress . 
  good for you romania , this is a very welcome development . 
   one of the main leave arguments was the immigrants . 
  what ends up happening does n't have a lot to do with the motivation parliament will be responsible for immigration policy . 
  the whole nation will elect parliament , not just the leave side . 
   isolationism - again , the argument went `` more sovereignty , those dictators in brussels wo n't be telling us what to do . '', 
  so that 's literally more isolation , being the sole commander of your own ship there are a lot of countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  the uk is one of the very least isolationist countries in the world by almost any measure . 
  we have a colossal soft power , the world 's most important financial centre , the global language . 
  a higher percentage of brits live overseas compared to any other rich nation - we have educated a huge number of heads of state or heads of government . 
  the uk is not isolationist , it is internationalist . 
   eu could become less of a follower and more of an equal teammate in this so-called `` west '' the eu is a group of divided countries that can not even figure out a currency . 
  they have different interests from each other and this shows . 
   but isolationism - which brexit is - does n't work in the increasingly global world , in terms of trade if nothing else . 
  brexit is not isolationism . 
  it is simply that the uk is leaving the eu . 
  but the uk is not leaving the world . 
  it will still be a key member of many international organisations , un security counsel , g7 , nato , imf and world bank , commonwealth , wto and many more . 
  under nobody 's definition of isolationism , is this it . 
   the big fish , ala usa , increasingly china , eu could be it if it bothered i am afraid the eu will never be a big fish . 
  the eu , the uk and the us are part of the west , along with canada , australia etc. 
  the uk is a key component of the western international order . 
  this is still the case after brexit . 
   less immigration the uk will continue to receive very high levels of immigration , just like us , australia and canada because of the good economy and because of the english language . 
  we all want russia to be a liberal democracy that does not undermine or annex its neighbours . 
  once that happens , then of course we will have better relations with russia . 
  but it is russia that needs to change . 
  i have been arguing this for a while . 
  germans do n't really want to risk change right now . 
  they will vote for mutti in droves . 
   we need to work with russia and assad assad is gassing his own people . 
  we absolutely can not work with him . 
  it seems that it was the german and italian government that did not accept what the uk and us government wanted . 
  i agree it is shameful . 
  it is also not surprising . 
   all i care about is that the uk pay the 60 billions bill it owe to the rest of the eu really . 
  the uk will pay what it owes . 
  what it owes is a matter of agreement and negotiation . 
   and no , i do n't belive one second that britons will have free-access within the eu while the opposite is n't true . 
  british people do not want free movement into the eu . 
   everything is mutual in the eu the uk is not going to be in the eu . 
  your rules will no longer apply to us . 
  this is fantastic news . 
   i suspect the scots are a bit like bretons in france . 
  they seem to be overrepresented in the colonies . 
  for some reason this is true . 
  scots disproportionately were involved in going overseas to the colonies . 
  one interesting thing is that even now apparently scots are disproportionately likely to work in our foreign and commonwealth office . 
  never known the reason . 
   a lot of nature there feels like it was man-made . 
  i grew up in the south east of england , which is full of gardens and is very landscaped - [ for instance the rothschild gardens are everywhere . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rothschild_properties_in_the_home_counties ) so this makes me find places in other countries which look different very wild . 
  this is one of the reasons why brits abroad can act like they are in a jungle wherever they are . 
  a lot of the english population is concentrated in just one corner of england , the south east . 
  other parts of england feel very rural to me . 
  when i am in some other bit of europe that is way less densely populated it feels weird . 
  source - i live in central london . 
  this is partially correct . 
  there are lots of european companies that are now seeking regulatory permissions in the uk which they previously knew they did not need . 
  however , i would also say that there is a genuine growth in the fintech sector , not just in the uk but around the world . 
  but the uk is an economy that benefits more from fintech than some others because it plays to the uk 's strengths . 
   i 've never seen anybody arguing on the fact that the uk wanted to go back to having an empire , or that being obsessed with it led to brexit . 
  i see people on this sub argue all the time in the context of brexit discussions that the uk somehow wants an empire again . 
  obviously , there is some truth that the empire made a significant impact on what the uk is today . 
  one obvious result of the empire is that brits tend to feel as global as they feel european - for example when we go to live overseas we are more likely to go to former empire countries than to european countries and we still feel a close connection with these countries , because we share a language and a legal system and in some cases a head of state . 
  this obviously impacts the extent that we consider ourselves to need the eu . 
  however , it was our experience of wwii that probably has a much greater impact on the extent to which we perceive a need to be in the eu , compared with other eu countries and their experiences of wwii . 
   will they choose free-movement with the eu , which made them the highest economical growth of the eu or will they choose to keep free - movement with northern ireland , whom a lot consider to be part of their republic to begin with ? 
  there is no need for ireland to make a choice . 
  they can be both in a common travel area with the uk and have free movement with the eu . 
  there is nothing in the eu treaties to stop this . 
   why should they ruin their future because the uk decided to leave the eu ? 
  ireland will have a great future provided that it can trade freely with the uk . 
  both the uk and ireland want free trade .
