  and good job by the italians against the scots !, 
  britain wo n't be isolated when we leave the eu . 
  we will continue to have good diplomatic and trading relations with as many countries in the world as possible , including poland . 
   actually from an outsider perspective it looks like the british public do not trust the state to be honest and fair with them . 
  i disagree . 
  when we go to vote without id , there is huge trust on both sides . 
  the public are trusting the state to count the ballots correctly etc. 
  however , generally you are right , it is much better that the people are suspicious of the state than the state is suspicious of the people . 
  after all , the state is there to serve the people , not the other way round . 
  there has been a wonderful tradition of brits keeping the state in check and civil libertarians have been among the finest proponents of this . 
  i guess my main reason for wanting to keep voting id free in the uk , is because it represents a culture of conscience and trust among the people and the state , rather than a culture of compliance . 
  if the british state can no longer trust the british electorate to be honest , that is a shame and not something we should get rid of lightly . 
  i agree with you that there are data security concerns . 
  i think that we should be able to ensure that the government keeps the electoral roll secure . 
  if it ca n't do that , i am not sure why we think it could keep other data from id cards secure . 
  do you own both an id card and a passport ? 
  personally i think there is no point changing electoral registration law in the uk until it has been shown to have been broken . 
  i dont believe in fixing things that work . 
  as a civili libertarian i would campaign extremely strongly against any requirement for people to have to own or carry id in the uk . 
  it seems to me like rather than having id and passports , you might as well only need one of them ? 
  in the uk i very rarely need my passport for an administrative reason / i would say less than once every three or four years ? 
  also , there is no law requiring you to own a passport in the uk . 
  some people have no formal photo id . 
  yes , you 're right , scotland has a different set of requirements from england here . 
  northern ireland also has different rules . 
  actually , that would n't be enough . 
  you might know who was flying that day but you would n't know who had voted by post . 
   how do you determine which ones are representative , how do you avoid handpicking those that suit your argument ? 
  personally i think it makes sense to look at every developed country 's economy and compare on that basis , rather than picking and choosing . 
   1 ) how is the difference between regions within those countries , how much more equal or unequal is that compared to within the eu ? 
  the difference is that within countries there are massive fiscal transfers . 
  for example , london is a lot wealthier than northern ireland . 
  but the uk borrows as a sovereign state and london and northern ireland do not borrow separately . 
  there are also massive transfers of funds from london to northern ireland to iron out imbalances . 
  this needs to happen in the eurozone . 
  the borrowing needs to be at the eurozone level . 
  and there need to be huge transfers of funds from e.g. 
  the netherlands to portugal . 
  much greater integration is needed . 
   if the north has done so much better , then there 's got ta be something the south did wrong . 
  what is that something ? 
  this is actually an incredibly difficult question for economists . 
  there are so many different factors , including natural resources , geographical location , cultural factors , eductation , tax systems , legal systems , employment rights , corruption etc etc etc. 
  these things can not be changed easily and may never change . 
  it is unrealistic to expect southern europe to become like northern europe quickly . 
  it will take generations . 
  in the meantime , huge financial transfers will be necessary . 
  in the uk you are not required to give your name and address to the police unless they think you have committed a crime . 
  there isnt a general obligation to provide name and address to the police . 
  the electoral commission has looked into this a couple of times and never found evidence of significant electoral fraud when people vote in person . 
  there is no tradition of electoral fraud among people that vote in person in the uk . 
  according to the point electoral commission , electoral fraud happens among postal voters , and that obviously can not be solved by id . 
  is there anything you can do in france with an id card that you ca n't do with a passport ? 
  an id card is not worse than a passport per se . 
  any law requiring someone to possess or carry id is seen as a problem for british civil libertarians , including me . 
  the selection of countries not using the euro is not really representative though . 
  for example , look at the impressive growth rates of the usa or canada or poland or the uk . 
  or look at unemployment levels . 
  the main problem with the euro is also that there is uneven and unbalanced growth within the eurozone : the north has done much better than the south . 
  this is a massive problem without fiscal transfers . 
  local council creates electoral register , based on taxpayers and other people who register . 
  on election day , you go to your ballot station . 
  the nice lady sitting at the table asks you your name and address . 
  you tell her . 
  she finds your name on the register and then with a pencil she crosses out your name and gives you a ballot paper . 
  then you go to the cubicle and with a pencil make an x next to the ukip candidate . 
  ( you can vote for other parties too , but ukip are the one that is most eusceptic . ), 
  then you fold your ballot and put it in the box and say thank you to the nice lady . 
  i think a default would make sense for greece at this stage . 
  there is definitely going to be one at some stage . 
  it would be better if it is sooner . 
   a minority not forcing their will upon the majority is not a failure of democracy the difficulty here is that the minority ( the greeks ) have suffered the most , consider themselves a different people from the majority , and have no say in the elections of governments of other member states . 
  ultimately , for the eurozone to work properly , you need a single government , massive transfers of money from state to state , joint borrowing , harmonized taxes and so forth . 
  this current grey area produces all kinds of difficulties . 
  outside the euro , greece would have more options available to it . 
  it could devalue or default a lot more easily , it bit like iceland did . 
  i agree with what you say about trying not to be bankrupt was the most important thing . 
  however , personally i think portugal needed not massive austerity , but to have much more solidarity from northern europe . 
   furthermore , growth is n't the panacea some people like to pretend it is . 
  i have no idea what you mean here . 
  sure , if you do n't care about unemployment or do n't mind kind of giving up as a nation , then do n't worry about growth . 
   with regards to the emigration issue , that 's simply basic economics . 
  workers tend to go where the money is . 
  this is the case , but it does not mean it is completely a good thing . 
  if portugal wants to be a successful nation , it must start retaining more of its best graduates and attract immigration from elsewhere . 
  the bbc have reported that five people were arrested . 
  the pan-european id card would annoy brits . 
  we do n't carry id generally and there are no british id cards . 
  culturally we do n't like them . 
  even when we go to vote we do n't need to take any id with us . 
  companies will not leave london , just as companies do not leave norway , switzerland , singapore , hong kong , usa or new zealand ... 
  since cameron announced the referendum , the uk economy has grown strongly , the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together and foreign direct investment has increased . 
   portugal 's bond yields have been constantly dropping since the bailout program started , and recently reached an all-time low . 
  source . 
  unfortunately these low yields do not reflect the underlying strength of the portuguese economy , which has hardly grown for the last 15 years . 
  they reflect deflation and quantitative easing . 
  the crisis has not been solved . 
  portugal still has low productivity , low growth , high unemployment and a huge amounts of emigration to northern europe . 
   you understand what democracy means in a nation state , now lift that to a supranational entity . 
  economic policy is not really made by the people elected at the supranational entity though .
