  i agree its not just france 's problem . 
  though it is n't really just a european problem - it is very much a global problem . 
  however , while the migrants are in calais , the onus really is on france to work out whether or not these migrants are refugees ( and if so , give them asylum ) or illegal immigrants ( and act accordingly ) . 
   also , the diaspora effect is the key reason here . 
  you just do n't land in a country where there is no diaspora there to help you ... 
  though the need for a diaspora does in someways muddy the waters between being a refugee and being an economic migrant . 
  if you are a refugee , fleeing persecution and a warzone , then it seems like a diaspora is a `` nice to have '' rather than a `` need to have '' . 
   the uk is n't asked to pay more because its economy is doing better than the eurozone , it 's asked to pay more because it 's doing better than estimates predicted the uk economy would be doing . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  i do understand the difference . 
  the difference is whether the amount the uk has to pay is a relative amount compared to other eu economies or an abolute measure which relates purely to the size of the uk 's economy . 
  i 've not read the telegraph article , but the reporting in the ft indicates that it is a relative amount :  to compensate for its economy performing better than other eu countries since 1995 , the uk will have to make a top-up payment on december 1 representing almost a fifth of the country 's net contribution last year . 
  maybe the ft has got this story wrong . 
  this is how it feels to brits : - reu plans to create a new currency called the euro . 
  - uk politily tells reu that the plan wo n't work and will cause damage to the reu economies and that it therefore wo n't be joining . 
  - reu is hugely angry with the uk . 
  - the euro causes huge damage to the eurozone economies and the uk performs relatively better that the eurozone , ( exactly as the uk predicted ) . 
  - the reu asks the uk to contribute more money . 
  to brits , it feels like we are being punished for being right . 
  the mess is caused by the eurozone . 
  it really is n't the uk 's fault . 
  whose fault is it ? 
  they should pay . 
   because they speak english , have connections in england ( relatives , acquaintances ... ) , and come from countries of the british `` sphere of influence '' . 
  all the reports i have read are that the majority are from eritrea and somalia . 
  this makes me think that `` british sphere of influence '' is not really a relevant factor . 
  i think the reasons they do n't want to stay in france but want to go to britain to claim asylum would be : - english language - perception that there are much better job prospectus in the uk - perception that there are much better benefits in the uk - presences of friends / relatives in any case , this is really something that france needs to sort out . 
  thanks - those are the figures for 2009 . 
  i understand the figures vary from year to year . 
  therefore seeing what the total net contributions were over the last decade would be interesting . 
  yes , i was looking for the net figures , not the gross figures . 
  citation needed . 
  where is this money going to come from ? 
  the uk 's health budget ? 
  education budget ? 
  overseas aid budget ? 
  military spending ? 
  the uk has performed better because the uk did not join the euro and has therefore been able to operate a better economic policy . 
  the good news is that this brings a brexit closer . 
  yes , immigration into the uk in the 1950s in the uk was partly in connection with rebuilding the country after ww2 . 
  however , the uk 's economic performance in the 50s , 60s and 70s was rather poor compared to the rest of the western world ( italy , france , germany , usa , japan , australia all outperformed the uk ) . 
  we did n't really have a post-was economic miracle like some countries did . 
  this is not really connected to immigration though . 
  there is a saying that the uk won the war , but lost the peace ; whereas germany lost the war but won the peace . 
  however , once thatcher came to power , the uk started booming again . 
  hahaha - i think i like bavarians :-), 
  personally i give different responses depending who is asking ... - generally if i am being asked by someone who is british , i say the name of the town where i was born and spent my childhood - if i am being asked by someone who is n't british , i assume they wo n't have heard of my homeown , so i say where i live , i.e. 
  london . 
  i therefore answered `` other '' to your question ... 
   question is : is it worth it ? 
  no , it is n't worth it . 
  the uk should pull out of the eu altogether and negotiate an entirely new relationship with the reu . 
  in the long term the uk will have much better relations with the reu than it currently does ( though obviously the relations will sour badly during the divorce ) . 
  in the long term the reu will appreciate a friendly , liberal , peaceful democracy , keen to trade , on its doorstep much more than an unwilling uncommitted member of the club , which has kept its own currency , stayed out of schengen . 
  a brexit will also cause a dramatic shake-up of the reu and might be the impetus required for badly needed reform ( ironically in an anglo-friendly direction ) . 
   i did - apologies . 
  i edited it into the post after you read it , by the look of things . 
  absolutely no worries . 
  though you didn ; t mention your ukip prediction ;-) 15 % seems high to me , given polling , by-election and eu election performances . 
  i 'd say 10-12 % , with some swing-back from labour . 
  however , i also think that there are going to be disproportionately high swings against the libdems in their current seats ( partly as a result of tactical unwind ) . 
  it will be interesting to see what the libdems put in their manifesto on electoral reform next time round , given the rejection by the british public of stv . 
  you did n't answer my questions about vote shares . 
  the questions for the libdems next time round , if they are no longer the third party in terms of share of the vote , will be of a whole different nature . 
  what share of the vote do you think the libdems will get in 2015 ? 
  what share of the vote do you think ukip will get ? 
  if ukip beat the libdems comfortably in terms of share of the vote , but are comfortably beaten by the libdems in terms of seats ( as currently seems likely ) , this is going to raise all kinds of interesting questions , not least for the lib dems . 
  in a hung parliament scenario in which the conservatives get more votes but fewer seats than labour ( which is also the most likely outcome ) it makes a liblab coalition a hard sell to the british public ... 
  in a scenario in which no party has an overall majority , it is going, 
   ( as long as it reforms itself ) will it reform itself , though ? 
  what do brits mean by reform of the eu ? 
  it is hard to answer this question and it is even harder to know if this is on offer from the rest of the eu . 
   my question is , would the eu allow the uk to be a normal trading partner outside of the eu . 
  this would now doubt be a large carrot in the in/out referendum . 
  of course , the reu is going to want to trade with the uk . 
  the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
   ukip take so many votes from the tories that the time could come that that labour could be in power for a long time to come . 
  ( despite labour now losing some votes to ukip ) . 
  [ look at the opinion polls over the last two years . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_next_united_kingdom_general_election ) . 
  see that purple line going upwards ? 
  that 's the ukip share of the vote increasing . 
  see the gap between the red line and the blue line shrinking ? 
  how are you explaining that ? 
  it does n't seem to look like ukip 's rise is harming the conservatives more than labour . 
  another way to look at this is to look at the share of the vote in 2010 . 
  conservatives got 36 % while ukip were on 3 % ( total being 39 ) . 
  if you look at the polls now , the conservatives are down to about 31 % , while ukip are up to around 17 % ( total being 48 ) . 
   but palestines are semites , too , so how can one be pro-palestine and still be anti-semite ? 
  the term `` anti-semitism '' means hatred of the jews as an ethno-religious group . 
  if you hate jews but not palestinians , you are anti-semitic . 
   i feel you 're missing the fact that i 'm only bringing this up because of the accusation that modern day palestinians would lynch a modern day jesus . 
  even if it was the israeli embassy that was responsible for that post ( which they deny ) it is still not appropriate to respond to it by saying `` they are hypocritical because the jews killed jesus '' . 
   that was n't about jews in israel , that was about the israeli embassy in ireland and specifically their twitter account . 
  he is saying that jews are hypocritical because the jewish leadership killed jesus . 
  under no circumstances is that cool . 
   all i 'm reading from this is that historical facts are racists . 
  saying that jews today are hypocritical because of jews killing jesus is a plain absurd . 
  perhaps you did not know this history of the `` blood curse '' in the context of anti-semitism . 
  now that you do know about this history , perhaps you will think carefully about relating the death of jesus to what jews or israel can or can not do now . 
  perhaps you wo n't .
