  what is the point of discussing with someone who has the same opinion as you ? 
   over here , we codify just about everything , but keep the civil code for example open enough for interpretation . 
  over here we try and codify a few things , but when we do that we try not to keep it open to interpretation . 
  one other difference between the civil law and the common law are the rules of interpretation of codes . 
  you are allowed to consider the purpose of the law , whereas we are not . 
  in my mind that is another example of the greater certainty of our system . 
   it 's not like the parliament issues a book with some holy rules that are deemed infallible . 
  that is not how it works , at all . 
  and this is a massive difference , because in our system parliament is entirely sovereign . 
  this is a major reason why the uk struggles in the eu ...  you know your stuff apparantly , and the eternal divide between common and civil law has become clear again . 
  i do know my stuff , thanks ;-), 
   indeed , it is . 
  but find me a european civil law system that still uses laws from centuries way past . 
  find me a european country that has n't been invaded , had a revolution or a civil war in the last 300 years . 
  the only one is the uk . 
  that is why we still have old laws , because we 've been politically stable . 
   though not written , that requirement is part of judiciary custom here as well . 
  one case sets a precedent for another , although that precedent can more easily be overturned . 
  yes , the civil law has been influenced by the common law ( and vice versa ) . 
  i think there are still some very big differences though , for example in contract law . 
  in contract law in civil law jurisdictions , the starting point is the civil code and cases have only a secondary function . 
  differently in most common law jurisdictions there is almost no statute in relation to contract law . 
  it all comes from the cases . 
  these cases are very certain . 
  in my mind the reduced ability of judges to deviate from precedent makes for greater certainty . 
   this is really do not know . 
  the simple fact that ( older ) case law might still be functioning is can very much be open to debate , hence i believe that is why he described it as a ` race ' . 
  there is a clear rule here . 
  all case law continues to be good law unless it is superseded by statute or specifically overruled by a higher court . 
  however , when it comes to selecting cases to consider the law , the race is not about age of the case . 
  it is about relevance of the case . 
   simple : because it is nearly impossible for a person to see where a certain well developed part of law ends what do you mean by this ? 
  common law is very certain because it always relates to precise facts and legal principles that are argued . 
   moreover the common law system gives ( more than the civil law system ) rise to unnecessary new case law . 
  again , i am not sure what you mean by this . 
  new laws are sometimes necessary . 
   codification will always trump fragmentation as it increases legal certainty . 
  why ? 
  i 'd argue that case law is more certain . 
  it is rooted in practical reality . 
  codification is rooted in theory . 
   this once again reminds me of the banality of the common law system . 
  the relevant law under discussion here is from a statute . 
  it is n't from the common law . 
   i can remember a former professor who in a conversation with me pretty much stereotyped the entire british system as a race of finding the oldest piece of ( case ) law . 
  as mentioned , the law here is not case law . 
  it is statute . 
  and your professor was not very informed . 
  the age of the case law is irrelevant as to its legality . 
   i never really understood why britain did n't embrace the civil law system , if only for the sake for clarity . 
  the common law system is more certain than the civil law system , which is why it is preferred in finance and commerce . 
  the requirement for judges to follow precedents enables common lawyers to advise with greater certainty about how judges would consider particular cases . 
   well , there 's the fn , but also nicolas dupont-aignan with his ( very ) small `` debout la r\u00e9publique '' party . 
  dupont-aignan is allied to ukip , as a matter of fact ( more to it later ) . 
  i must admit i had not heard of dupont-aignan and i am someone that follows french politics somewhat closely ... 
  i will have do some research . 
  however , i think my point still stands : that a ukip 's politics of leaving the eu is somewhat exceptional about most eusceptics , which mostly want reform . 
   as for le pen being `` desperate '' to get in bed with ukip , i have my doubts about that . 
  [ le pen has come to the uk to give interviews to the bbc in which she has specifically said that she would open her arms to ukip . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-27071002 ) why did she do that ? 
  farage is certainly not doing the same in france ...  imho the alliance would have been almost as toxic to her electoral prospects in france as to farage 's prospects in the uk . 
  indeed , dupont-aignan fared very badly in the last european elections . 
  however , what were the reasons for dupont-aignan doing well ? 
  i would be very surprised if alliance with ukip were a factor here . 
   that has n't kept the fn from getting together with the dutch pvv , which is ideologically closer to ukip , or ukip from allying itself to some eastern european parties that are even less savoury than the fn , never mind the oddball grillo . 
  expediency seems to have trumped ideological purity overall . 
  i agree with you here . 
  one of the consequences of the european parliament is that there are a whole lot of crazies in there . 
  every single grouping in the european parliament seems to have its crazies , even the epp seems to be able to accommodate orban ... 
  it really does not make sense for ukip to be working with m5s , it is a pure marriage of convenience . 
  it also makes no real sense for ukip to be in a group with those unsavourary eastern europeans . 
  i guess the big difference is that these people make zero impact in the uk media , whereas marine does ... 
  i think it used to be important for farage to have a group in the ep , in order to get a platform . 
  he used to struggle to get a platform in the uk . 
  now that ukip has a loud voice in the uk , it no longer needs one in the ep . 
   and oddly , at least when it comes to economic policy , le pen sr. has always been much closer to farage than to his daughter . 
  he came into politics through poujadism , a sort of french proto-tea party with a commitment to deregulation not at all unlike ukip . 
  indeed , the fn 's current statism and protectionism were introduced by le pen jr. , and represented quite a political u-turn ( one which le pen sr. has found quite hard to swallow ) . 
  and even more funnily , she has shamelessly pinched those `` dirigiste '' policies from dupont-aignan , ukip 's french ally !, 
  marine is being politically clever here , it seems , as this movement has seen her vote share grow and grow . 
  it seems that french blue-collar voters are moving to marine in their droves . 
  ukip is currently a weird coalition between ( i ) people who like the current uk constitution / parliamentary sovereignty and are therefore opposed to the eu on principle ( ii ) libertarians ( iii ) social conservatives ( iv ) older , uneducated , poorer people who do not think they have benefitted from immigration and care about that issue ( v ) protest voters . 
  i class myself as ( i ) and ( ii ) here . 
  maybe start with a link to / r/europe on it ? 
  this seems to be a place on the internet where there is quite a bit of pro-eu content . 
   actually , french `` sovereignists '' are thrilled by the prospect of getting rid of `` les anglosaxons '' . 
  i agree that there are some french people that would like a brexit . 
  ( this does seem to be a very minority position in the eu as a whole though . ), 
  the rest of the eu does n't really feel that way about a brexit . 
  many other countries seem to think that the uk and anglo-saxon ideals are good as a counter-weight to les souvereignists . 
  also , which political party in france do you really think represents this position ? 
  are you talking about fn ? 
  because marine le pen was desperate to have ukip in the same political grouping . 
  it was ukip that refused to work with fn . 
   the reason why ukip ca n't get along with those french sovereignists really is that each believes they are better than the other by dint of being french/british ... 
  the reason why ukip did not do a deal with fn is because this would severely impact ukip 's electoral chances in the uk . 
  doing a deal with fn is seen by the british media and the british political class generall ( rightly or wrongly ) as crossing the rubicon . 
  thus , primarily , this was a tactical and political move by ukip . 
  electoral success in the uk is more important to ukip than having a grouping in the ep . 
  however , it seems to me that ukip and fn do not seem to be ideologically aligned anyway and thus even if there were n't tactical considerations , they are not a good ideological fit .
