  his opinion is also based on evidence . 
  it seems weird that you want to disregard it just because you want the uk to be broken up . 
   to quote the great may , the only poll that counts is in a few weeks , and they can signal their approval or disapproval with the tory governments priorities then and there . 
  a majority of scottish people will vote for parties that are against holding another referendum . 
  obviously , the uk government should listen to them . 
   yeah , i 'm regularly creeped out by the various pro/anti-eu arguments . 
  same shit , bigger union :p and , in fact , there are also some interesting parallels with the uk , which is a nation of nations . 
  i guess our bosnia is northern ireland ...  well , similar shit . 
  eu is rich and prosperous , for one . 
  juga breakup , plenty of us were already vaguely planning on joining `` da west '' , eu ( eec at the time ) and nato in this case . 
  eu does n't have such a safety-parachute . 
  what is interesting here is that even though eu is largely prosperous , uk managed to `` rage quit '' . 
  i suppose we think that we do have a safety-parachute - i.e. 
  our historical connections around the world . 
  i think fundamentally we never believed in a pan-european identity and we were a bit creeped out by it being pushed by the eu . 
  and we knew that we lost the battle on how centralised things were going to get . 
  another interesting factor is the uk leaving the eu inevitably will have consequences for the coherence of the uk . 
  in my view scottish independence is now less likely . 
  scotland becoming independent in the eu with the rest of the uk in the eu is not a big step . 
  but now that the uk is moving away from the eu , that safety parachute is getting further and further away . 
  i think this is why sturgeon wants the referendum as soon as possible . 
   but if you want to see more creepy , read the 2nd section of this mega-rant , the `` pick your dysfunctional relationship '' one very good post !!, 
   most members felt that yugoslavia needed serious reformations to keep existing ... problem was , we had different ideas on how to reform it . 
  where have i heard that story before ? 
  uk is planning on becoming second singapore , but we will settle for switzerland . 
   `` regulatory drift and regulatory similarities between the uk and the eu 2019-2029 '' in twelve years time . 
  an interesting point here is that the way that the eu regulates post-brexit is different to how it would have regulated without brexit . 
  that is going to be hard to demonstrate , but it will undoubtedly occur and we are already starting to see it . 
  for one thing , the uk 's voice , which has been a liberalising voice , will no longer be in the council of ministers - this will put the fear of god into the nordics and ireland . 
  indeed , some of those countries which tended to hide behind the uk for arguments and vetoes will have to make some running themselves . 
  for another thing , the eu will have to look at how the uk is regulating and draw comparisons and adjust accordingly . 
  any differences in uk regulation - whether it is perceived to be better or worse - will force action in the eu of some sort . 
  for a third thing , one of the reasons for brexit was because brussels over-regulates . 
  there will be pressure on brussels to regulate less now . 
   the financial services industry will prosper though , a lot of commentators get that wrong . 
  this is also my belief , provided that the uk continues to make it easy for customers to come to the uk . 
  i have also found the misconceptions here surprising . 
   my continuing worry ( as you may remember ) is what happens with the economic fabric outside of london . 
  this is big question , but to me it was a question whether or not brexit occurred . 
  it is also not a question that is unique to the uk - we are seeing a similar question in various parts of the west . 
  what do you think ireland outside dublin looks like ? 
  or small towns in france ? 
  or southern italy ? 
  no , i am not saying `` screw greeks '' . 
  i think greeks have been treated terribly in this episode . 
  why do n't you quote the rest of my sentence ? 
  we know that not every country is equally protectionist already and we know there are strong anti-protectionist lobbies in the uk . 
  so assuming that the uk will be as protectionist as other countries seems wrong . 
  those of us like you and me who are against protectionism have a great opportunity to fight it . 
  we chose to leave because we did not like protectionist bullshit like this netflix law . 
  i agree - it is also about removing anti-competitive and anti-market behind border regulation . 
  hopefully uk will get focused on this now we are leaving the eu . 
   in principle you ' l have this freedom , but in practice companies will gravitate towards eu regulation . 
  a majority of uk trade is internal to the uk . 
  in terms of uk exports , 40 % is to the eu , but this percentage falls each year . 
  brexit will likely increase this decline . 
  so i am not convinced that companies will generally follow eu law . 
  this also depends on how easy it is to export to the eu . 
  obviously , the more the eu puts barriers up , the fewer uk companies will prioritise the eu compared to less protectionist places . 
   and the uk will have had no say in the regulation while it was written in the council , voted on and amended in parliament , or approved in the council . 
  we also wo n't have to apply that poor regulation to the uk . 
  we can regulate in different ways . 
  this is good for you too . 
  good regulation requires comparisons . 
   except if the uk goes for eea membership we are about to have a general election in which those countries ruling out eea are going to win an overwhelming number of votes . 
  we are not joining the eea . 
  that ship has sailed and we are not going to be on it . 
  thanks for the correction !, 
  ( you must admit that in general terms i am pretty good when it comes to understanding efta and the swiss/eu bilaterals compared to most on here ! ), 
   all companies exporting to the eu will have to follow all eu directives and regulations , otherwise their goods wo n't be allowed to be sold to consumers all british companies exporting to china have to follow all chinese laws . 
  also all belgian companies exporting to china have to follow all chinese laws . 
  however , british companies that do n't export to china do not have to follow chinese laws . 
  same deal with eu laws . 
   ( which , after all is said and done , do have the advantage of simplifying business ) . 
  there is some advantage to harmonised regulation . 
  but when that regulation is not a good regulation then it is better not to adopt it . 
   in the long term any regulatory drift will be held in check because exporters will read and implement all eu regulation relevant for their products . 
  this will ultimately be something that market participants decide . 
  some will follow eu law , others will avoid it . 
  in the eea we would not have that option . 
   trading inside the single market with no tariffs was n't easy enough ? 
  no , it was n't . 
  switzerland is outside the single market in services . 
  and the single market for services is not very good anyway and incomplete . 
  uk and switzerland can do a lot here . 
   brexit has made clear that the eu wo n't compromise on the four freedoms . 
  uk wants to be outside the single market , fortunately . 
  however , we do know that the eu does compromise on the four freedoms , because switzerland is outside the single market in services . 
   what you are proposing is `` retain inner-eu deals , leave eu '' . 
  no , i am not proposing this . 
  i am proposing free trade . 
  i am not proposing that the uk keep the current arrangements at all , because i do not think they work for the uk . 
   just pull a `` the invention of lying '' , clean up some random streetgoers , park them on a folding chair in front of a potato-brand camera , and record them reading old european novels that have become public domain . 
  you , sir , are a genius !, 
  the fact that this kind of law can be circumvented though shows that it should n't exist at all ... 
   but it does n't look there 's going to be any benefits from going round the world scraping for wto rules if we go with leaving the single market too . 
  we are leaving the single market exactly because it has protectionist parts to it . 
  almost the entire world is subject to wto rules , the uk will be too , so will the eu . 
   fair enough at least you 're consistent , but this would be pretty unpopular with a lot of farmers and manufacturers etc with a lot of job losses and there is 0 gurantee ( and a very low chance generally ) of reciprocation from anyone else it would be popular with consumers because they wold get cheaper things . 
   afaik the eu law aims to remove the protectionism that netflix enforces on behalf of content rights holders and their refusal to dismantle the monopoly of refusing to licence in certain markets or asking higher prices etc read the article on r/europe on this .
