   there is a different view of how to spend one 's life , and neither can really see the benefits from the other 's point of view . 
  i agree . 
  it comes down to a fundamental different way of looking at the world and at human nature and how a society should be organised . 
  this difference is reflected in so many differences between the english and the french , from the legal system , to ideas behind literature , the extent to which language should be regulated : even the french idea of what a garden should look like ( beauty comes from order ) is very different to the english idea of a garden ( beauty comes from nature ) . 
   like hell they are . 
  while that is an interesting image , it does n't take into account population sizes of the different states . 
  by being close economically , i meant in terms of gdp per capita , rather than gdp . 
  obviously , the first of these is far more relevant than the second . 
   federal taxes are additional to state taxes , those are still to be determined by the states individually and fiscal transfers are taken care of via federal taxation . 
  the workforce in the eu is effectively equally mobile to that of the usa . 
  the workforce in the eu is way less mobile than that of the usa ( look at the vast differences in unemployment rates in different eu member states ) . 
  i guess in the future that there can be some differences between eurozone taxation , but a huge component must be centralised and transferred from the wealthy areas to the poor areas . 
  the usa also has federal taxes , fiscal transfers , a very flexible and mobile workforce and the states are closer economically to each other than that the member states of the eurozone . 
  is it really incompetence ? 
  has a bad thing happened ? 
  it does n't look like anything really bad has happened to me . 
  as for whether or not he is a master of politics , remember that he just increased both votes and seats in an election in the uk . 
  this is an astonishing achievement in uk election history . 
  he had to do that because the conservative party were about to explode . 
  i think fall in fertility rates tends to be a consequence of development , rather than a cause . 
  at least , that is how things have happened in most of the developed world . 
  it is in the us interest for the uk to remain in the eu . 
  however , this does not mean it is in the uk interest . 
  when british and american interests conflict , the uk should obviously follow the british interest . 
   national taxes are a policy area that should remain on a national level which includes the freedom to set taxes as high or low as any individual nation pleases . 
  for the eurozone to work effectively , tax rates should start to be co-ordinated centrally . 
  to me this seems like a surprisingly large gain for a movement that did n't until recently pretend to have electoral aspirations ... 
  germany does allow dual nationality . 
  you can become swedish and then vote in sweden . 
  there is no appetite in the uk parliament to change the uk welfare system in this direction . 
  if being in the eu means fundamental changes to the uk welfare system , this just makes a brexit more likely . 
  there will be more and there are enough of them to destroy the goverment ( which has a tiny majority ) . 
  not sure if the guardian changed the title , but current title is not focused on the uk / germany difference of views . 
  agreed . 
  i think what is currently happening is the blame game . 
  the anger that the reurozone is going to show towards greece is going to be incredible . 
  if i did n't feel so sorry for the greeks - essentially the victims in this drama - i would be stockpiling popcorn . 
  under any voting system , the tories would have been in power . 
  they 'd have been in power together with ukip and the dup , rather than alone . 
  if you do n't like the tories , you can vote them out of power and change laws . 
  it is much harder to vote the eucrats out of power . 
  as for things like the working time directive and welfare - ultimately this does not really help if your economy is in a mess . 
  look at greece . 
  why do you think so many reuropeans are coming to the uk for work ? 
  they like it here , under the tory government . 
  repatriation of powers would be welcomed by much of the uk population . 
  working time legislation should be set locally rather than in brussels . 
  also , it allows the uk to move in the opposite direction . 
  this is not inevitable . 
  history is not some formulaic process which we can predict in advance . 
  or , alternatively , not join at all ... 
  i agree that the political space and the economic space need to match for the eurozone . 
  i do n't see the uk population voting to join this polical and economic space though . 
  so i think it makes sense for you to do it without us . 
  my preference would be for you to do this with as much democratic legitimacy as possible , given that this is a significant change , i think treaty change and referendums would be ideal . 
  but i do n't care too much , provided that the uk stays out . 
  the more the eurozone integrates with the uk staying out , the more likely a brexit becomes . 
  this is one of the reasons eusceptics will welcome this . 
  the purpose of this is to create economic union necessary to solve the eurozone crisis . 
  if they want to do this , why should we care ? 
  there are already attempts by parts of the eurozone to subvert the uk 's interests ( e , g tax on bankers bonuses , financial transactions tax , clearing houses location ) . 
  this is one of the many reasons why the uk should leave the eu . 
  the single market is not being cut in two . 
  the uk has largely believed in the single market . 
  what the uk has not believed in is stuff that goes above and beyond the single market , so it stays out of that stuff . 
  there 's already a two speed europe . 
  the uk , being outside the euro , has a fundamentally different status in the eu compared to the eurozone . 
  this is what people want . 
  uk definitely opts out . 
  the uk 's position will be `` we warned you thay your new currency was going to be shit in the 90s . 
  you should have listened to us . '', 
  i am at a conference in amsterdam this week and the dutch people i am speaking to are certainly sharing your views . 
  lots of less enthusiasm here . 
  i do n't think that the turnout will be less than 50 % . 
  but - a lot will depend on the date and if other elections are on the same date etc. 
  it is not just the uk and germany . 
  all countries in europe are profoundly impacted by history : look at france , former ussr , ireland , balkans ... 
   its a huge shame the economics of instituting the euro were never really thought through . 
  it is more than a shame in my mind . 
  the people that created the euro knew that it would n't work without a real fiscal union . 
  they gambled on being able to create a fiscal union - they prioritised their vanity project over the jobs of today 's youth . 
  no , the scottish referendum was n't borderline . 
  i think the hypothetical boundary lies well below the likely turnout ( so the exercise is purely academic , though interesting ) . 
  none of them can keep us in . 
  technically the government is able to pull out of the eu without approval from the commons . 
  i do n't see the commons daring to disagree with a referendum . 
  out of interest , why do you think gdp does n't matter ? 
  no , i am using statistical analyis in the article i linked to earlier . 
  and , the uk national office of statistics has also covered this same thing too . 
  it is not some new and outlandish claim that migration patterns are impacted by macro-economics . 
  kate hoey , frank field , gisela stuart , simon danczuk . 
  the reason why so many italians are moving to the uk is because ( i ) italy currently has record unemployment , an inflexible labour market , relatively low salaries and poor career prospects , ( ii ) whereas the uk has record employment , flexible labour markets , better salaries and career prospects . 
  these are primarily macro-economic factors . 
  there are other secondary pull factors , like cultural and social opportunities in london and the english language . 
  what is relevant is the numbers - italians have had the legal right to work in the uk for decades , but the numbers of italians in the uk have increased dramatically over the last few years , as the italian and british economies have diverged . 
  actually , the phenomenon of italians moving to london over the last three years has everything to do with macro-economics , as the article i linked to explained . 
  ( this has been covered extensively in the italian media . ), 
  sorry / i do n't want to be pessimistic about italy , but it is a bit hard not to be when so many italians are . 
  i also do n't think italians are naturally pessimistic people - i think the current pessimism is linked to specific problems , which unfortunately are not being addressed . 
   ukipers are goddamn hypocrites because they want out of the eu , but does n't want scotland to leave the uk .
