  this is why / u/king _ olaf 's point was a good one . 
  the majority of british people do not define themselves as being culturally european because they do not share some culture which is particular to europe that is not shared by nations across the western world . 
  yeah , france has actually a very good score !, 
  and they will all then head overland to germany . 
  this is insane . 
  i 'm not saying that french or german culture is not western . 
  but since australia and canada largely have the same culture as uk , france and germany , but are not in europe , but are part of the `` west '' it makes sense to call this shared culture `` western '' rather than `` european '' . 
  why should the uk have a `` leadership role '' ? 
  it is absurd to think that the uk should be leading other countries . 
  those other countries can lead themselves . 
  i think the uk should trust the democratic institutions in countries like lithuania , portugal , ireland , denmark and not try and lead them . 
  they know what is best for them , we do n't . 
  french gardens are more ordered , symmetrical . 
  they have an ideal concept of a garden and shape nature until it fits it . 
  english gardens are more haphazard , mixed up . 
  they have a pragmatic concept of a garden , taking nature as they find it , trying to make improvements . 
  this kind of dichotomy can be found in many parts of english and french culture . 
  french literature , moliere and racine , has strict rules and a clear demarcation of tragedy and comedy . 
  english literature , shakespeare , has tragedy and comedy all mixed up . 
  french law is codified and based on abstract concepts , which should then be applied to facts . 
  english common law starts from facts and from judgments over those facts a pattern emerges . 
  the schengenzone means that countries are n't incentivised to protect their boarders as they know that they can just pass migrants on to another country who will deal with them . 
  it does n't make sense for migrants to be covering many countries by land , making dangerous journeys and paying smugglers . 
  it makes sense for countries to be letting a chosen number of refugees come by plane , like every other country in the world is doing . 
  blair tried to get the uk into the euro . 
  credit for keeping us out goes with the tory rebels and brown . 
  less cooperation would not have caused the crises in the first place . 
  the comparison between an english garden and a french garden tells a huge amount about the massive differences between the english and the french . 
  the eu has failed with its two most significant crises , the eurozone crisis and the migrant crisis . 
  what you are calling european culture is shared also by the rest of the west . 
  why on earth are you raising a totally unrelated point ? 
  for the record , i am delighted that scotland is getting more self-governance . 
  i want them to have more . 
  if they want another referendum on independence , i think they should have one . 
  our culture is western rather than european . 
  why on earth do we want influence over other eu countries ? 
  just let them govern themselves . 
  they do n't need us telling them how to do it . 
  they have their own democracies . 
  too much belgian beer i guess !, 
  very interesting article . 
  obviously , the chairman of the london stock exchange has a professional interest in promoting capital markets union , so his arguments should perhaps be seen through that bias . 
  unfortunately for him the cmu proposals so far are not encouraging . 
  absurdly , they continue to try and regulate to ensure that the eu 's capital markets are separated from global capital markets and in particular the far deeper us capital markets . 
  this is unfortunate because it means that eu companies might not be able to access ( cheaper ) us capital so easily and eu investors might not be able to access us corporates ( with better returns ) so easily . 
  many of the proposals are , almost unbelievably , protectionist within the eu , forcing eu corporates to write prospectuses to the requirements of home member states , rather than giving eu corporates freedom to choose . 
  even more unbelieveably , while the cmu proposals made no mention of financial transactions tax at all , it seems that the commission is still trying to put in place a financial transaction tax on the eu , a policy which directly contradicts the objectives of capital markets union . 
  i guess that 's what happens when you put a british commissioner in charge of financial services and a french commissioner in charge of taxation : contradictory policies . 
  i am extremely pro european !, 
  i love europe !, 
  oh no , i am not really a bitter drinker !, 
  i actually prefer belgian lager truth be told . 
  my all-time favourite drink remains negroni sbagliato from my milan days . 
  thanks for the confirmation . 
  wow , i am going to be so drunk so soon . 
  or does the rule not apply to me ? 
  please clarify . 
  i also would like some clarification on this . 
  for example , i post very frequently on here from an eusceptic perspective . 
  i am clearly and openly pushing the eusceptic agenda . 
  am i no longer allowed to post here ? 
  the leave campaign will find this helpful . 
  the eu is headed to federalism . 
  the u.k. must leave to avoid this . 
   if you still have the original citizenship : yes . 
  in the uk you ca n't vote in the uk if you have not been resident for the uk for the previous 15 years . 
   people would like to see less power for the eu and more to the national states . 
  ...  however this is irrelevant sounds about right . 
  what the people want is irrelevant , as '' * this has been this way since forever . 
   but i would like to know what your opinion on banking supervision is , apart from who supervises . 
  banking supervision and regulation is such an incredibly complex subject that i think it is hard to write about it usefully without writing something very long and i do n't want to do this . 
  however , i would make some broad points : - banking regulation and supervision has to have a clear objective . 
  in my view the objective should be simply ( i ) protection of vulnerable consumers and ( ii ) protection of tax-payers . 
  - banks should be able to fail without being bailed out by the tax-payer . 
  losses should be suffered instead by investors . 
  - banking should be competitive , with new players entering the market frequently . 
  unfortunately this happens very infrequently in europe , because the costs of joining a very heavily regulated market are incredibly high . 
  - regulation should be clear rather uncertain . 
  ( unfortunately a lot of eu regulation is not certain and is written very poorly and this leads to large costs and stops new players entering the market . ), 
  - regulation should not be put in place if the markets already have a solution . 
  the protection of qualified investors is not needed because those qualified investors already use market solutions to protect themselves . 
  regulating in this area is actually harmful , because it stops market developments . 
  unfortunately in the eu there is too much regulation where it is not needed . 
  - regulation of banking in the eu seems designed partly to harm london . 
  attempts to put in place financial transactions tax , limit bonuses on bankers , limit the location of clearing systems all have spurious objectives . 
  this is very concerning . 
  - banking regulation needs the correct balance between rules and principles . 
  currently , the emphasis is on rules and this is somewhat harmful because ( i ) clever lawyers can always find ways to avoid rules especially if they are written poorly and ( ii ) rules based compliance encourages a culture of compliance with the letter or the law rather than the spirit of professionalism . 
  for the uk , which has a totally different legal system from continental europe , this is a particularly large challenge . 
  - currently lobbyists for banks have a gigantic influence in the creation of regulation in the eu . 
  unsurprisingly , the only people that can afford lobbyists are the very biggest banks with the most expensive lawyers . 
  this is very worrying . 
  - the good news is that the current banking system is partly a function of the pre-internet age . 
  in the future , banking will be less and less important as lenders and borrowers will be able to contact each other directly though web-based platforms . 
  ( think uber and airbnb , but for finance . ), 
  this is a wonderful opportunity for finance and the city of london , but banks will be the losers . 
  hopefully we allow this new opportunity to flourish . 
  slovenia : are you ready ? 
  you have less than eight hours . 
  in b4 v4 ...
