   i have a feeling the vote wo n't be `` brexit or no '' , but rather `` negotiated deal vs. default to wto '' . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  the idea that after the end of two years the uk is just going to say to the eu , `` oh , that whole brexit thing ? 
  we were just kidding . 
  ca n't believe you took it seriously lolz . '', 
  seems barking to me . 
  when they get exported to the eu . 
  whey they get exported to the usa they will have to comply with us regulations . 
  when they get exported to china , they will have to comply with chinese regulations . 
  that does not mean that the uk has to put in place those laws . 
  we do n't want to veto eu regulations ... we just do n't want to have them . 
   wait now you support eu integration ? 
  i thought you supported more exits from the eu ? 
  no , i support the uk leaving the eu . 
  what other countries do is up to them and it is not for me to have a strong position on that . 
  i do n't think it is my job to tell belgians etc how they want to manage their own stuff . 
  if they want to do an eu , then i would like it to be a successful one and also to be done democratically . 
  the best way for eu to have more financial trade taking place in the eurozone is to make the eurozone have better and clearer laws and be more open globally to the rest of the world . 
  ( this means a good deal with the uk , ironically . ), 
  just passing a law to say that financial eurozone trade has to take place in the eurozone would have really bad consequences for the eurozone in my opinion . 
  but i am a globalist and love free trade and i know some people think differently . 
  i agree , i think that this must mean reforms in both eu and uk . 
  i also agree that the eu must create better political institutions before going for a fiscal union . 
  not wanting a good trade agreement with the uk puts the uk in jeopardy though . 
  uk just wants fair and free trade with the eu . 
  we do n't want to be advantaged . 
  we want everyone to be advantaged . 
  if you do n't want that , then , it is hard to be friends . 
  also , trade and security are fundamentally linked in international relations and always have been . 
  but triggering article 50 is going to happen in a number of weeks not years ... 
   wow you just keep believing in the absolute superiority of the uk over all of europe . 
  no , i do n't think uk is superior . 
  i just believe experts when they say that london does not need passporting and that if eu does not have access to london it will cause financial stability shocks to london . 
  it is n't superior to say that `` the uk 's financial services sector provides 75 % of foreign exchange trading for the eu , 75 % of all hedging products ( which help businesses insure against risk when making investments or buying products ) and supports half of all lending . '', 
  these are just facts . 
  i actually think eu and uk will reach a great new agreement and it will be fantastic for both of us . 
  i think brexit will cause the eu to reform . 
   any news on how london 's ` passporting rights ' issue will be handled ? 
  experts changed their mind about whether or not london needed passporting and now thing that london does not need it . 
  voters did not change their minds . 
  experts realised that eu needs access to london . 
  theresa may decided to play hardball . 
   what does that make trucidator ? 
  brexit means brexit and trucidator means slaughterer , 
  i think the eurozone does have some severe problems in some countries , which hopefully it can solve . 
  if it does n't solve them , the eu will end . 
  but this is not the uk 's fault and there is nothing that the uk can do about it . 
  i think the uk will succeed outside the single market . 
   do n't use emotional arguments . 
  friends ? 
  we were living in a union and you are leaving , it 's you who do n't want to be friends obviously . 
  i did n't choose the word `` friend '' , see the parent poster . 
  however , you do n't have to be in a union to be friends . 
   will the mps actually support triggering article 50 in these circumstances ? 
  i think they will . 
  we had a referendum and i do n't think that parliament want to disregard that . 
   i 'm afraid that if trump continues being hostile to the eu , threatening trade wars with germany , even implying that he would like to see more countries leaving , we 're all gon na be forced to act more confrontationaly and this will affect our relation with the uk as well :( trump being crazy will make the eu want better relations with the uk and also want the uk to have better relations with the eu . 
   specially if you side with trump and will try to use nato as a leverage in the negotiations and so on . 
  uk is part of european security . 
  we want to trade freely with you . 
  if you do n't want free trade with us , do you really want us to be part of european security ? 
  this is n't siding with trump , it is simply a question about whether or not you want trade with us . 
   have you ever in your life exported anything ? 
  i export legal advice every day . 
  ( no , english law is not the same as law in eu . ), 
   our is that blind nationalism talking ? 
   nothing says positive more than a little unfair-cherry-picking deal with a nice touch of menacing tone in it . 
  there is no cherry picking . 
  uk is leaving the single market . 
  uk just wants a deal like canada has . 
  is canada cherry-picking ? 
  also , there are no threats . 
  we want free trade . 
  do you want free trade with us ? 
  if not , then of course businesses will suffer on both sides . 
   i wish there was , but i ca n't really see it . 
  an uk that is successful might cause the eu to fall apart . 
  as an uk that comes out stronger would suggest the foundation of the eu ( an economic block that benefits those who join ) is unsound eu should use this opportunity to make itself better . 
   that sounds horribly bureaucratic . 
  i actually think it is more bureaucratic to try and have the same rules everywhere ( and also less democratic ) . 
   just imagine a different charger cable for every single smartphone brand in every different national market . 
  markets deal with this kind of problem . 
   plus , after the brexit and the anti-european spirit that occured all over the uk during the last years , you are really not in the position to complain about `` not being friends '' . 
  the relationship between the uk and the eu will be much better now that we are leaving the eu . 
   the uk may be leaving the eu , but culturally speaking it will always be part of europe and i hope they find what they are looking for . 
  in the end it 's in everyone 's interest to have good relations and prosperity for everyone in europe . 
  exactly . 
  let 's be positive and i think we can get a great outcome for everyone . 
  let 's be excited . 
   i 'll definitely miss you guys though do n't say that too soon !, 
  we are still around and staying in europe and will still be causing trouble !, 
   french economy model is when a marxist reads liberal economists ; german economy model is when a liberal reads marx . 
  good luck with your ever closer union !, 
   we pride ourselves on our centuries old relationship with britain new phone , who dis ? 
  ( i kid , i kid . 
  we still love the portuguese and the anglo-portuguese alliance will be strengthened ! ), 
   because international trade is about friendship . 
  of course it is a strong part of friendship . 
  i think it will become a bit more likely now , as the uk will have its own voice at the wto and in practice both the uk and the eu will face strong political pressures to be open to global free trade . 
  i think this is good for both of us .
