  the fact that people like the nordic model is n't an argument for people wanting communism . 
  it is an argument for people wanting the nordic model , which relies partly on communism . 
  nobody wants a communist system . 
  people have tried to implement it via democracy too though . 
  they try in britain at every election . 
  but it turns out in a democracy people do n't want communism . 
  the only way to make somewhere communist is by force . 
  thanks , this is irrelevant then to the earlier points in this thread about nobody wanting communism . 
  the fact that some people like a totally different system is irrelvant . 
  the nordic model is not communism . 
  people like the nordic model . 
  only a tiny minority of people vote for communism . 
  and people do n't like either of them . 
  makes me realise how lucky i am to be in britain , where the communist party is just a 1000 people and nobody votes for them . 
  go figure as to why . 
  whenever people are free to vote , turns out they do n't want communism . 
  i agree with keyboard holigan here . 
  having a statue of lenin there is already polarising and alienating . 
  of course it can be - not sure why the left thinks that business interests are necessarily in conflict with the interests of people . 
  the article was very poorly argued in my view and extremely confused about monetary union . 
  the left were against the eu in the seventies and at the start of the eighties . 
  since then , the mainstream of the left in britain has been quite pro the eu . 
  it is only recently that this is starting to change . 
  monuments and other symbols represent values . 
  if they represent values that you do n't agree with , then in some circumstances destruction of those symbols might be acceptable . 
  explain your thinking here ... 
  we will do nothing . 
  the eu is powerless - the president of europe has been largely silent . 
  perhaps the usa will try something , but i suspect not . 
  when even the left in britain are now eusceptic , you know that it is game over . 
  even if it was not meant to be symbolic , it will become symbolic . 
  this image is too powerful . 
  the west keeps marching . 
  ok , when i was in education i was extremely poor and could not afford many basics . 
  i agree that not everyone has the ability to move , but a very high majority of people do . 
  i had to move to get a job myself . 
  a lot of people from all over the world move to london for the good opportunities . 
  the job market is actually good at the moment . 
  employment is at a record high in britain . 
  i agree that local councils are n't a great system . 
  personally i would try and fix that system rather than adding a new layer of governmemt . 
  the risk is that we will end up with two shit layers rather tha one good layer . 
  i 'm not saying that we ca n't afford extra representation , we obviously can . 
  but funds are limited and in an environment of cost cutting we might prefer that the limited funds go elsewhere . 
  the choice over whether to establish regional government or put that money somewhere else instead , e.g. 
  legal access / education / infrastructure is a political one and politics involves questions of costs and benefits . 
  the redundancy and choke points you mention are one such cost that needs to be considered . 
  so let 's get this straight : the german president is boycotting a sports event that he was n't going to be taking part in anyway ? 
  what does this even mean ?!, 
  he is boycotting attending the opening ceremony ?!, 
  get back to me when a german athlete boycots this event . 
  [ goodbye lenin . ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_bye,_lenin ! ), 
  good riddance to communism . 
  wow !, 
  i no longer think the government is going to get thru this . 
  they need fresh elections . 
  what event was he meant to be competing in ? 
  i lived in italy for years and know a lot about pizza . 
   i do live in london . 
  if you ca n't afford much better , why do n't you get a different job ? 
  or move to a place where these costs are much lower ? 
  i do n't understand when people complain about their choices . 
  perhaps though you have no choice . 
  the reason i think we need to weigh this cost is because , as you said earlier , `` there is a sweet spot '' . 
  neither of us would be in favour of adding in another ten layers of government . 
  and neither of us would want to get rid of all of them . 
  both of us agree that there is a sweet spot . 
  the discovery of that sweet spot is something we are both seeking to do : and part of that discovery involves an assessment of benefits and costs , whether these benefits and costs are economic or otherwise . 
  people in yorkshire already have political representation in their local elections , in westminster elections and in european elections . 
  questionning the benefit of additional representation is not class warfare . 
  but , as i have said earlier , the people that are best placed to meet the costs and assess the benfits are those people from yorkshire . 
  the `` spaniard '' part . 
  i always downvote spaniards , just as i always upvote the portuguese , 
  i 'm also a big fan of regional direct democracy , swiss-style . 
  yes , i would prefer more taxes to be local . 
  not sure where you live , but here my room is warm , the internet connection is great and there are very good pizza options within a ten minute walk  . 
  why do n't you move ? 
  i 'm not suggesting that benefits are just monetary . 
  i am simply suggesting that the benefits should be weighed against the costs . 
  i do n't think that is astounding . 
  this was not a very good article in my view . 
  it indicated that there is some disagreement between different member states , without detail on what the disagreements are . 
  you 're saying that an extra layer of government will have a benefit . 
  i 'm saying that it may have a cost . 
  we might both be right . 
  we do n't know which will be greater , the cost or the benefit . 
  the regions that want to find out should take the risks and the rewards . 
  i agree that the scottish parliament has been a success . 
  but i think the issues regions within england face are entirely different . 
  if people in the north or yorkshire do want more local government then i 'm happy for them to pay for it . 
  edit : typos - apologies !, 
  i think we need fewer layers of government , not more . 
  i 'd be happy for local councils to have additional powers . 
  do you think a fiscal union would be popular among european citizens ? 
  if so , let 's have a vote on it so that it has democratic legitimacy . 
  if you do n't think it would be popular , then we should n't try to force it upon european citizens . 
  i 'm not sure why you think `` ever closer union '' in a preamble to a treaty makes much difference . 
  it has no legal consequence . 
  let 's make it and then ask the europeans if they want it , in referendums across europe . 
  if britain votes out , the eu is likely to change significantly .
