   they do care but they wo n't allow the uk to change the common principles that everyone else is somewhat okay with . 
  from the perspective of the leave campaign , this is the equivalent of :  other eu countries do not care about the concerns of britain though the latter is a harder hitting message . 
   there is a difference between being incapable of reform and not following the reform suggestions of a single member state . 
  one really interesting consequence of cameron 's renegotiation strategy and the threat of a referendum , is that even those people who agree with cameron 's proposals are going to be reluctant to support them . 
  for example , [ openeurope recently showed that most germans agree with cameron 's proposals on the red card system . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/11930443/david-camerons-problem-britain-is-seen-as-the-nasty-country-in-europe.html ) however , because the relationship between the uk and the eu is now so antagonistic , it is not possible really for other eu leaders to agree with cameron 's demands . 
  if they did agree it would just inspire other populations and governments to make demands in the same way . 
  and this would be a massive risk to the entire project . 
  this is interesting , because it really opens the question about how the eu can be reformed at all . 
   sd 's presence in parliament has become the de facto cause for totally free immigration and a vote on on the sd is thus a vote for free immigration . 
  out of interest , if sd were n't in parliament , would sweden 's immigration policies be different from what they are now ? 
  in what way ? 
   the uk joins as the sick man of the union and gets taken care off , once its fine and has to pay it sees no reason to stay anymore , got you :p i think the uk will only be really happy about leaving the eu once the uk has finished totally trashing the eu . 
  almost there !, 
   ( side note : i meant to write downsides not benefits , of course ... ) sorry !, 
  one other point that i forgot to mention is that the eu banking union , as shown by this article , is proceeding slower than it should and may result in a sub-optimal compromise as different countries have different interests . 
  it is not in britain 's interests to wait for the other countries to agree to a compromise , when the uk already needs resolution mechanisms in place now . 
  uk banks are already required to comply with uk resolution plans and this compliance has already been massively expensive and timeconsuming for them . 
  if the uk opted into banking union now , all that work by uk banks would be effectively wasted and they would have to comply with different requirements of the eu resolution mechanism ( which will introduce further massive costs ) . 
  this unecessary cost ( in the case of uk retail banks and uk taxpayer owned banks ) would be passed onto the british taxpayer . 
   what is disadvantageous about having stricter supervision rules and supranational supervision ? 
  even if there were n't any downsides at all , it would still not make sense for the uk to join banking union if there were no upsides . 
  there is no point making a change if there is no benefit . 
   thus far the banking union defines a single supervision , single resolution mechanism , and a single rulebook ( setting e.g. 
  min capital requirements , deposit guarantee schemes , etc ) . 
  the uk is not in the eurozone and has a global financial centre which is on an entirely different scale from anything in the rest of the eu . 
  because of these two factors , it does not make sense for the uk to be part of banking union : - the single supervisor of banking union is the ecb . 
  the uk , outside the eurozone , has less scope than eurozone members to influence policies of the ecb - the single resolution mechanism of banking union is extremely complex because it relies on actions being taken by a multiplicity of national regulators as well as european regulators . 
  it has not been tested . 
  the uk already has a resolution mechanism that it put in place before the rest of the eu . 
  ( this was unsurprising , obviously a single country acting alone can do this kind of thing quicker , and the uk , with a larger banking sector , has a lot of motive to put in place a resolution mechanism . ), 
  the uk 's resolution mechanism also has n't been tested , but it less complex and requires decisions by fewer actors . 
  this makes it inherently more effective . 
  - the uk has put in place a different rulebook with more stringent regulatory capital requirements - if uk banks were in the single deposit guarantee scheme , uk depositors would have to pay the additional cost of risks of failures of eurozone banks . 
  because the eurozone remains inherently unstable , this is a risk that uk depositors should not have to pay for . 
   i get it the uk does n't have to join . 
  i just do n't see what the benefits would be . 
  me neither, 
   what is disadvantageous about having stricter supervision rules the extent to which supervision rules should be strict is a separate question from who should be doing the supervising . 
  whatever your views on how strict supervision rules should be , it does not follow that you should have a particular view about who should be doing the supervision . 
   and supranational supervision ? 
  the purpose of banking union is primarily to deal with greater financial integration among banks in the eurozone and the greater potential for increase for financial contagion among eurozone member states . 
  the uk , outside the eurozone , is impacted by this in a very different way from the way that the eurozone is impacted . 
  faced with different concerns , different supervision is required . 
  anyone able to copy pasta the article ? 
   why is the difference so big compared to the usual gdp per capita maps ? 
  wealth looks at value of assets whereas gdp is closer to looking at income . 
  in the uk the high number is probably due to house prices . 
  i ca n't wait until this gets leaked . 
  from cameron 's perspective , the risk of making demands that other eu leaders wo n't accept is far too great . 
  for this reason the demands will not be contentious ( other than among a small group of people on this sub ) . 
  for the leave campaign the tactics will be : - criticise the demands as insufficient to meet the concerns of the british public - claim that most of the demands are simply a reiteration of the status quo and thus meaningless/trivial if any of the demands are not met ( even on a technicality ) or are not legally binding the leave campaign has the ability to say that cameron 's renegotiation has been a failure and that cameron ought to campaign to leave . 
  it can also claim that other eu countries do not care about the concerns of britain and that the eu is institutionally incapable of serious reform . 
  the uk was correct to opt out of this . 
  taking supervisory control of british banks out of britain would be a mistake . 
  that 's boring !, 
  we have local elections every year in the uk ( different councils and regions are on different cycles ) so it is regularly possible to test real opinion ... 
  dutch people : when do you next vote ? 
  any local elections before your general election in 2017 ? 
  polls are one thing , but elections are another ... 
  if you think the eu needs a rethink and a reorg , what will you do it it does n't regorg in the way you want ? 
  just stay in anyway ? 
  i also love europe . 
  i will vote to leave the eu and seek to persuade as many people as possible . 
  sincerely , a fellow european . 
  canadia ? 
  i am now officially triggered ... 
  ouch ... 
  lol . 
  at least they called it portuguese and not brazilian ... 
  this is going to trigger the irish ... edit - however , your point about independence for scotland with the rest of the uk not being in the eu being a totally different proposition for independence for scotland if the rest of the uk is in the eu is a valid one . 
  belgium : tintin , hercule poirot and manneken pis . 
  wtf did i just read ?? 
  london mayoral terms are four years . 
  boris is nearing the end of his second term . 
   so they should just keep having referendums every five years until they get the answer the snp wants ? 
  no , they should have referendums if they want referendums . 
  if they want a referendum it is not only anti-democratic not to give them one , it is also profoundly counter-productive . 
   why not have an eu referendum every five years then ? 
  an eu referendum should be held as frequently as one is wanted . 
  if people want to vote on something , we should let them vote on it . 
   how are the financial streams moving inside the uk , is scotland , like northern ireland , a big reciever of government funds , or not so much ? 
  this partly depends on how calculations are made . 
  under any calculation , scotland is far closer to being fiscally neutral within the uk than n. ireland . 
   on average not idealistic at all , never been either , just does n't fit our national psych and history . 
  same as brits . 
  authority would come from the scottish people , like the last time . 
  if they want a referendum ( and demostrate that by putting in place a government that has campaigned explicitly for one ) then this is enough authority . 
  this is one of the reasons why the brexit debate is being followed so closely by the rest of the eu and why many reuropeans on this sub are so fascinated by the subject . 
  the implications for their own countries and the eu project as a whole are profound . 
  in the uk this will typically be a zero hours contract . 
  in the uk a lot of students are only in their university town during term time as their parents live somewhere else . 
  so having a fixed number of hours would not function well . 
  however , in any case it seems like in practice the situation is very similar between the uk and france . 
  what about people that want a zero hours contract , like students ? 
  the uk leaving the eu does not of itself give scotland a right to secede . 
  however , if the scottish people want a further referendum on independence and vote a scottish government with this mandate then they should have a further referendum . 
  does france not allow zero hours contracts ? 
  the german population seems to be divided into thirds . 
  initially the uk did not want a multi speed eu .
