  it made no sense . 
  by `` say '' i do n't mean `` vote '' . 
  read my other posts !, 
   taking a side is n't rude by all means as long as you 're aware of your `` position '' as a brit . 
  i guess you are right , but it should be done in a very sensitive way . 
  i have seen many times on this sub a majority of posters arguing that scotland should leave the uk in what i consider to be a very disrespectful manner . 
   support a referendum and everyone is happy on balance , if the catalans want a referendum , i think they should have one . 
   i understand the sentimental attachment they may feel , but that does n't make for legitimate grounds to have an effective say on the issue . 
  by `` say '' i do n't mean `` vote '' . 
  i mean have a right to feel strongly about something , feel emotional , have a strong opinion . 
  i think spaniards do have a right to these things , in a way that i do n't . 
   during the scottish referendum i saw a lot of brits showing a lot of concern , albeit from afar . 
  you kept your distance , i 'm a british person with a scottish grandfather who has lived most of my life in england . 
  i did n't for a moment think that i should vote in the scottish referendum , but i would have been very upset if they had voted to leave the uk . 
  i also strongly supported their right to a vote . 
  and i think a lot of the claims made by the `` better together '' side were insulting to scottish people ( and partly caused the high `` yes '' vote ) . 
  my own views on scottish independence are much closer to the bone than yours . 
  the views of a non-catalan spanish person 's views on catalan independence are going to be much closer to the bone than mine . 
  that is why i think it would be a bit rude of me to tell a non-catalan spanish person what to feel about catalan independence . 
  it really is nothing to do with me whereas it is to do with them . 
  equally , it really is none of my business at all to tell catalans what to feel about it . 
  i think taking a side would be incredibly rude . 
   spaniards have as much to say on the topic than french , brits or americans . 
  i disagree on this because for many spanish people their idea of spain includes catalonia . 
  and catalan independence will impact them very directly . 
  as a brit i really wo n't be impacted in nearly the same way . 
   but a debate with the country we might get the independence from ( spain ) would be cool for me too . 
  in my opinion it is also not the job of the spanish president to do this debate , while you are part of spain ( something he supports ) . 
  because if what he supports wins , then the question about relations between icatalonia and rspain never arise . 
  i do n't know think he should debate for a view he disagrees with - until after it happens . 
   but a televised debate spanish president vs catalan president about catalonia 's independence would n't it make more sense for the debate to be between catalans ? 
  between catalans that support independence and those that do n't ? 
  that is what we had with the scottish independence referendum . 
   i 'm just waiting here for the spicy comments . 
  if you are not spanish/catalan i think it is better to refrain from having a strong opinion about this . 
  this question goes to the very heart of identity and nationhood and understandably some people from spain/catalonia are passionate about this question . 
  if you are not from there , you do n't really have a dog in the fight . 
  for this reason i think it is best not to express a strong opinion - it is disrespectful of other people 's identities . 
   they votef leave because they wanted browns we voted to leave because we wanted to leave the eu . 
   our `` social democratic '' pm started unimaginable hysteria over refugee crisis and almost whole opposition with a few exceptions went along with it . 
  this shifted the centre of gravity to the right . 
  thanks . 
  my assumption had been that the refugee hysteria was caused by lsns etc and your pm went along with it in order not to lose votes . 
  i guess in reality it became a self-reinforcing thing . 
   apparently , espect for democracy or human rights still is n't entrenched in this country . 
  it turns out that it is pretty difficult to create democracies or keep them alive . 
  there was a study recently that showed that a lot of young british people did not think it was important to live in a democratic society . 
  that really shocked me . 
  thanks , this is a really interesting post . 
  why would you say that they are doing so well ? 
  i personally found your last election results a bit shocking to see \u013dsns get into your parliament , but i do n't really know what is going on over there . 
  europe and anglosphere have different visions for things like rights versus liberties , how society should be regulated , what laws should look like etc. 
  so you think that the only way to be an open society is to be in the eu ? 
   why would i ? 
  because that would be accurate . 
   you conditioned support for coming to help from the outcome of trade negotiations . 
  read my post again . 
  this time , read to the end of the sentence . 
  well , in that case i am glad we agree . 
  no , they want to leave them all . 
   it 's the fact they are bothering people which is the issue . 
  this is not the only issue . 
  the bomb in manchester was also an issue . 
   really , leave the eu and close your borders if you wish to do so . 
  that does not stop the uk being an open society . 
  very good post . 
   she 's trying to outmaneuver half of her cabinet . 
  there is n't a way of getting a non-exit exit . 
  thus we brexiteers got whwat we wanted . 
   but watch to see the hard brexiteers turn on thatcher 2 slowly as time goes on . 
  every prime minister eventually gets turned on . 
  may will not be an exception to this rule . 
   man should not have take the role of report writer and messenger if he did n't want his role in the development of that report questioned . 
  writing the report is already message . 
  it is normal for people who write reports to summarise their findings . 
   i imagine you also fell for the cameron 's big society spiel . 
  the difference is that leaving the single market , customs union , cfp and cap are concrete policies . 
   they know she 's angling for a non-exit brexit , and that 's the reason for the secrecy . 
  the only problem has been she thinks she can get eu concessions to make it happen . 
  are you still operating under the illusion that the uk will remain in the eu ? 
  sad . 
   that 's practically the sum of the contents of the tory manifesto no , they also want to leave the single market , leave the customs union , leave the common fisheries policy and leave the common agricultural policy . 
   i curious to know why it slows down first quarter too , anybody know ? 
  nobody really knows why this is ... 
   he is forwarding a political opinion using information from the organization he himself is influential in you are a conspiracy theorist . 
  it is entirely normal for people who write reports to then write articles summarising their reports . 
  just because you do n't like what the report says ( or what the article says , which says the same thing as the report ) does not mean it is wrong . 
   your defence of the influence networks that stretch across think tanks , news agencies , and politics is noted . 
  you are claiming that john curtice has a bias and ignoring the data . 
  you have no evidence for this claim . 
   your offense is appreciated i am just surprised that you want to disregard evidence just because it does not suit your agenda . 
   because we 're talking brexit , and whatever the outcome in relation to indiref is , may 's brexit plan will do far worse . 
  brexit is not the only issue that people are voting on in this referendum , especially in scotland . 
   they need they leverage to rebel against the mass that backed cameron before , when may was a remainer . 
  but you still think that she 's yours , which is cute . 
  read the manifesto . 
  she is committed to the uk leaving the single market , leaving the customs union , leaving the common agricultural policy and leaving the common fisheries policy . 
  we already won all the debates . 
   the moment i saw `` opinion '' i had to check if the author is affiliated with the report he is reporting on ... and guess what . 
  the fact that he has an opinion does not mean that the opinion is wrong .
