   anyway , i think you will find the british people were quite accurately informed about what it entails . 
  [ the pamphlet you linked to ] ( http://www.harvard-digital.co.uk/euro/pamphlet.htm ) does n't inform people about `` ever closer union '' though , does it ? 
  instead it says `` to bring together the peoples of europe . '', 
  this is a very different emphasis and does not help your argument . 
   also , you will find that there are other countries which are net contributors to the eu , even more so than the uk . 
  they do not , however , feel appropriate to have the diva attitude the uk has . 
  perhaps it is time to realize you simply are n't special enough and cut down on the histrionics . 
  if eu membership is popular in other nations , that is great . 
  this does n't influence the position in the uk though . 
  if for example eu membership is popular in france , that is relevant to french membership . 
  it is not relevant to uk 's membership . 
  interesting article by a catalan writer !, 
  it is noteworthy that the uk positions on scotland and gibraltar ( which both relate to the right of a people to decide their own future ) can both be used by the catalans as a stick with which to beat spain . 
   it was always going to change hugely . 
  this is true , though of course the way it would change was not certain and could n't really have been predicted . 
   the previous referendum was on continued membership to an `` ever closer union '' . 
  while it is true that the treaties always had `` ever closer union '' in their preamble , this was n't clear to the british people at the time of the first referendum and anyway has an uncertain meaning and an uncertain legal effect . 
  the fact that the uk had a referendum in 1975 is not , in my mind , really a convincing argument for the uk never having a referendum ever again . 
  now seems like a good time . 
  the question of uk 's membership is not going to go away without a referendum . 
  personally i think a referendum makes sense because it will either mean ( i ) the uk votes to leave the eu and then the rest of the eu can continue to federalise without the uk holding back the federalists or ( ii ) the uk votes to stay in the eu , ending the question for a generation or more . 
  surely either of these outcomes are better than the current uncertainty ? 
  it 's not the same issue . 
  the previous referendum was on continued membership of the eec , 40 years ago . 
  the eu has changed hugely over the last 40 years . 
   interesting we do n't have that position only a few jurisdictions seem to have the concept of [ private members bill ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/private_member's_bill ) and most of those jurisdictions have government systems based on the uk system . 
   but i doubt james wharton , is anything more than a punching bag when conservative issues are unpopular . 
  from reading about james wharton it seems that he is a genuine eusceptic and thus put forwards this bill as a matter of principle . 
  but no doubt there was also pressure on him from other eusceptics . 
  it will be interesting to see if this bill comes back to life in the house of commons in the next session . 
  anyway , its defeat in the house of lords is just one stage in the legislative process , and does n't kill the issue permanently !, 
   in other news the uk 's pm wastes everybody 's time with a faux bill trying to convince euroskeptics to vote conservative this was n't a bill from david cameron . 
  it was a bill from a back-bencher . 
   furthermore , why integrate military cooperation with just france ? 
  surely to use everyone throughout europe would be of greater benefit . 
  france is beyond crucial here . 
  in the long-term , uk 's and france 's foreign policy objectives are pretty closely aligned and this is n't really the case with anyone else in europe . 
  also , the size of france 's military , its position as a p5 member of the unsc , the fact it has nuclear all mean it is in an entirely different league from the rest of europe in terms of the need for co-operation . 
  any future european defence sharing is inevitably going to be built around a uk/french partnership . 
  it makes sense to focus on that partnership to start with and then perhaps introduce other nations at a later stage . 
  thanks . 
  i 've seen that article . 
  it does n't say that there is a constitutional convention that the parliament act should only be used in circumstances where an issue was in a manifesto . 
  the fact that the parliament act originally came about in circumstances where there was a popular mandate does not , of itself , create a convention whereby the parliament act should only be used in those limited circumstances , particularly because the parliament act itself does not on its face have these limitations . 
  actually i think the french lycee system , which is , i understand , a kind of selection , is close to the old english grammar school system . 
  the dutch and german gymnasium system is also similar to it . 
  there is a huge debate in england now in which the current conservative education minister wants to take education out of the hands of the ( left-wing dominated ) teachers unions/local education authorities and give much more power to headteachers/parents . 
  obviously , i am in favour of this move ... 
   this is the established constitutional convention . 
  do you have any sources for there being a constitional convention for the parliament act only being able to be used when there is a popular mandate ? 
  ( i 'm not saying you 're wrong , i 'd just like to read some sources as i have not heard of this constitutional convention before ) . 
  has there been other cases before in which people have wanted to use the parliament act but have not been able to do so because of this convention ? 
  i expect that the tories will put a referendum in their manifesto . 
  given cameron 's speech , i would be astonished if he did n't . 
  the jury is still out on what labour will do , but if they do n't match the tories then it is likely to be a key issue . 
  academically selective secondary schools with a focus on traditional education methods and subjects , paid for by the state with selection by iq . 
  these schools were largely abolished in the 60s and 70s by successive uk governments . 
  they held out in a few areas ( kent and buckinghamshire ) . 
  i attended one such school in the 90s . 
  they enabled people from poor backgrounds to reach oxbridge and become influential/successful in public life in the uk . 
  norway is n't really an individualist country though . 
  they have a strong welfare state . 
  a referendum on the eu is hugely popular among the public though , which is why one of the reasons why not one single mp voted against the bill in the hofc . 
  if labour and the lib dems do n't want a referendum , they really should block the legislation in the hofc . 
  if they do n't do this next time round then the parliament act should be used to force the legislation through . 
   it would also be a flagrant abuse of the mechanism . 
  personally i think this kind of situation , where there is a conflict of wishes between the elected house of commons ( who want a referendum ) and the unelected house of lords ( who do n't want a referendum ) is exactly what the parliament act is for . 
  i 'm not sure if there really is a normal practice for referendums as we 've had so few and the issue of eu membership is unlike any other . 
  if labour and the libdems did n't want the bill to pass , they should have voted against it in the house of commons . 
  the fact that none of them voted against it is telling . 
   what 's the game plan here ? 
  extend and pretend . 
  it was killed in the house of lords by labour and libdem peers . 
  it might well come back to life in the house of commons in the next session if a conservative back-bencher comes in the top three of the private members ' bill ballot . 
  the next election campaign will likely be partly based around a referendum , but the conservatives get leverage in that debate if a the referendum bill is on the statute books . 
  it forces labour 's hand . 
   it 's better than the us ' system , which is what it 's compared with most often . 
  it does n't make sense just to compare it to the us system . 
  it makes sense to compare it to the full range of systems in the industrialised world . 
   thatcher made sure to lock the door behind her and throw away the key when she reached the top from humble beginnings , ironically . 
  i blame the end of grammar schools . 
  living in london it is fascinating to see how international it is and how many people from all over the world come and work here . 
  i think some people come because they find it hard to get work in their own country and some come ( as you say ) for other social and cultural reasons . 
  i worked in italy for a few years , but very few brits go abroad for work . 
  many thanks , i will try these . 
  you can say what you like about the uk press , but at least it makes a profit and we do n't have to subsidise it . 
  subsidised press is very regressive in my opinion . 
  mostly i read le monde and le figaro to try and discern france 's view of herself and france 's view of les rosbifs , rather than international news generally . 
  while the articles themselves are unsurprising , the comments below the line can be fascinating . 
  i will try some of the others though . 
  i thought corruption in ireland was like the uk , i.e very low ? 
  it was n't always like this . 
  margaret thatcher reached the very top of politics in the uk in the 70s as a woman from a humble background who spent her childhood in a small flat above a shop . 
  it is a shame that social mobility is low in britain now . 
  it is very hard to measure and compare health systems . 
  generally when european health systems are measured the uk does averagely . 
  [ here is an example ] ( http://www.bmj.com/content/344/bmj.e3430 ) . 
  for some reason a lot of people in the uk think the nhs is the envy of the world . 
  not sure why . 
  many thanks for the answer .
