  i am not sure why you think we are incapable of it . 
  lots of countries in the world seem to be able to do it . 
   but now after it happened there will come positive aspects out of it . 
  i agree , it will have many positive consequences , not least forcing the eu to reform . 
  you are welcome !, 
   in this case not being prepared is objectively a bad thing it is n't objectively bad . 
  the uk just today showed that unemployment fell to a low compared to the previous two plus decades . 
  for things to be objectively bad , you need to actually show some bad consequences . 
   your culture is objectively bad if being unprepared is a part of it . 
  there was no need to have a plan to leave the eu before the referendum . 
  everything has been fine since then . 
  why rush ? 
   there is nothing proven wrong . 
  there were predictions that unemployment would rise after a vote to leave the eu . 
  those predictions have been proved wrong . 
   nobody hopes for a downturn you do . 
  you just wrote :  a downturn in the uk would be positive in the long run you want the uk to have a downturn . 
  what are you going to do if it turns out that we were right and that the uk prospers after brexit ? 
  how will you feel ? 
  happy or sad ? 
   but there 's only a handful of subs on this site which has been given full `` favorable to right-wing opinions '' status . 
  by that standard , / r/uk is n't the stand-out , it 's the norm . 
  / r/europe does n't actually , as someone who is a right-wing conservative , i find that / r/europe is very open to my opinions and i have lots of interesting discussions here . 
  there are a range of views here , which is welcome . 
  for example , you do not simply downvote me or insult me because i am a right-wing brexiteer , but you are more than happy to debate with me in a respectful way , which is as things should be . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is not like that . 
   you ca n't write two sentences without contradicting , but i 'll leave it at that . 
  i am afraid you are not reading what i am writing . 
  i did not write that remainers should have had a plan for leaving . 
  i did not write that the uk government should have had a plan for leaving the eu before the referendum . 
  i think they were right to do things as they did them . 
  what i did write was that if the government had put in place a plan before the referendum , leave might have won by a greater majority . 
   just by way of illustration , if the labor opposition campaigns to nationalize the banks , the tory government has no obligation to make plans for nationalizing the banks . 
  that is the job of the labor shadow cabinet . 
  if you are campaigning to govern the country , then you need a programme for governance . 
  but neither the leave campaign nor the remain campaign were campaigning to govern the country . 
  that is why it did not make sense to put in place a plan to govern the country . 
   likewise , the remainers , who happened to be in government , had no obligation to make the plans for the brexiters . 
  there were ministers who campaigned both for remain and leave in government before the referendum . 
  there are ministers who campaigned both for remain and leave in government after the referendum . 
  quite obviously it is the job of the government to govern the country and of course the government should be the one that the british people elected . 
   so of course leaver and the right wing find it a comforting place compared to / r/uk . 
  i believe the last time that / r/ukpolitics polled itself , it turned out that a majority of posters there had voted remain and that libdems were over-represented . 
  however , it is fairly close to a cross-section of the british politically interested public . 
  / r/unitedkingdom is a hivemind . 
  anyone who posts anything favourable of right-wing opinions or of leaving the eu gets downvoted . 
   you assume that the pro-remainers in government had to make a plan for brexit . 
  i have not made this assumption . 
   the brexiters should have made a plan for brexit , not the remainers . 
  no , this is wrong . 
  in the uk it is the government and parliament that have political authority . 
  not just leavers . 
   but i am sure there are people in the uk who feel like me . 
  no doubt there are some stressed people in the uk , but the public as a whole seems content with the actions of the government . 
  we can see this demonstrated not only in the fact that the tories are polling very high , but also in the attitude of british people in terms of consumer confidence and so forth . 
   it 's a repository of fringe views , due to an uncritical readership . 
  it is n't a repository of fringe views . 
  there are a range of political opinions that broadly reflect uk political opinions - people that post from each political party , people that support leave and people that support remain . 
  unfortunately / r/unitedkingdom does not have a broad range of views . 
  anyone with right wing views or who supports leave gets aggressively downvoted . 
   do n't mention / r/uk . 
  the / r/ukpolitics posters will throw a fit . 
  / r/ukpolitics is very close to / r/europe in that different opinions are tolerated and welcomed , rather than simply downvoted . 
  people genuinely go there to debate . 
  the same can not be said for / r/unitedkingdom . 
   so ... you 're saying the remain camp fucked a country out of spite because they have n't done the leave camp job ? 
  the job of managing the brexit process is not the remain camp 's job or the leave camp 's job , but the government 's job . 
  have a cup of tea and you will feel better . 
   fuck your brexit , we 're not doing it . 
  the leave side won the referendum and now control government and parliament . 
  we won . 
  a number of people did have broad strategies sketched out , as it happened . 
  but there was no point any of them pretending that their broad strategy would be the one that the government would select . 
  yeah - turns out that even though we are leaving the eu , people will still go to work and have lunch . 
  who knew ? 
  there are only 100s of other countries in the world outside the eu where people work and have lunch . 
   how do you view the state of affairs after the vote . 
  some political theorists have speculated that the reason why british people were happy to vote to leave without a plan was because british people ultimately trust british political institutions and believed that if they voted leave , the organs of state would respond pragmatically and put in place a process in a sensible way . 
  from what i have seen post-referendum ( new tory party leader , new government , legislation , court process , civil society debate about what leave should look like ) i think the british people were right to trust our institutions . 
  so far they have responded well to the vote . 
   does it seem like some sort of coherent vision for the future is being credibly crafted ? 
  i think that theresa may 's [ lancaster house speech was very sensible and coherent . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/the-governments-negotiating-objectives-for-exiting-the-eu-pm-speech ) the key thing is to be flexible and able to respond to changing circumstances . 
  so far i think that is happening , so i am mostly pleased . 
  not everything has gone in exactly the way i wanted , but i am pretty pleased generally . 
   it 's like with cars and prosecco , right ? 
  not quite - free trade in financial services is more important and more globalised than cars and prosecco . 
   i doubt most leave voters were aware of how little planning has been done . 
  i was and happily voted leave on that basis . 
  it would not have made sense for politicians proposing leave to have a `` bullet proof '' because they would not have had the authority to carry out their plan . 
  authority derives from the government and parliament - this comprises both politicians that voted leave and those that voted remain . 
  naturally , both sides should be involved in the plan . 
   i would think any jovial mood left over from the election has dissipated at this point . 
  i am celebrating . 
  champagne already on ice ready for my article 50 party . 
   mifid 2 is an eu regulation , eu regulations can be changed . 
  it does need to be changed , but the member states will not allow it to be changed to cut the eu out of the international financial system . 
   edit : do you have any evidence to back your claim ? 
  [ there have been studies showing that brits have a high tolerance for uncertainty . 
  ] ( http://www.clearlycultural.com/geert-hofstede-cultural-dimensions/uncertainty-avoidance-index/ ) this evidence also backs up my own experience .
