  milliband now resigned . 
  this is crazy . 
  three resignations in one hour . 
  no , i do n't think so . 
   you do n't have the latter . 
  how could you have any influence when you have , what , a single seat in parliament ? 
  how closely do you follow uk politics ? 
  every single political party in the uk has changed its own position on immigration and the eu in the last couple of years . 
  this is because of ukip . 
   a new globalized world is emerging . 
  all signs point to the dominance of a few giant nations with global reach ( like china or the us ) and big unified regional trade blocs over trade and commerce . 
  those polities will set the rules others will have to abide by . 
  britain as a medium nation could survive , but only in the shadow and under the influence of the greater players . 
  history is not finished . 
  i simply distrust people that assume that there is some kind of inevitable historical process : these people have time and time again been proved incorrect , whether they are marxist historians or the historians that proclaimed the end of history after the end of the cold war . 
  the truth is , we simply do n't know . 
   britain as a medium nation could survive , but only in the shadow and under the influence of the greater players . 
  i just do n't agree with this . 
  the uk is medium-sized power , that can still punch way above its weight . 
  the uk is also uniquely able to have good alliances with the both europe , the us and the anglosphere/commonwealth . 
  it would be a mistake for the uk to pursue one of these relationships at the expense of others . 
  geography is not more important than history . 
   when you leave the eu you will exchange one external source of laws with a multitude . 
  you will be no more sovereign than before . 
  you could blossom when you are swift , nimble and inventive , but the very clamor for isolation and the glory of the old day is the best sign that you will probably not succeed : ukip , tories and the like are looking to emulate your glory past -- and that is why you wont have much of a future if you leave . 
  the nation of roughes , pirates and free traders is long gone . 
  conservatives would lead the charge . 
  and conservatives do n't have what it takes to grab a new world by the throat . 
  no , the uk is not isolationist . 
  euscepticism is not isolationist . 
  there is a world out there . 
  if switzerland , canada , singapore and new zealand can do it , why not the uk ? 
   i do n't understand at all how you can reconcile being a ukip voter with these opinions . 
  with first past the post , ukip is never going to have any power . 
  ever . 
  there is more than one type of political power : there is governance and there is influence . 
  ukip have the latter but not the former . 
  which is exactly what i want . 
   a significant proportion are just plain xenophobic . 
  really ? 
  i think only a very small minority of people are xenophobic . 
   the workings of a democracy should reflect the will of the people . 
  it should have nothing to do with history or culture . 
  there are multiple different ways of trying to discern the `` will of the people '' . 
  the way a particular country discerns it , relates to its history and culture . 
   for instance , the ukip has received 4 times more votes than in 2010 , but we can pretend they do n't exist thanks to the curent system . 
  nobody in the whole of the eu is pretending that ukip do n't exist . 
  the existence of ukip has had a massive influence . 
  they have been an incredibly successful pressure group . 
   that makes no sense to me . 
  why would you vote for the party you did n't want to represent you ? 
  we vote in order to bring about outcomes . 
  the ukip vote makes a brexit more likely . 
   `` una in diversitate '' and everything but ... damn , i really do not like your system . 
  at all . 
  if there were more parties , you could end up in a situation where 10 % had all the power over the 90 % . 
  we come from different countries with different histories and traditions . 
  we wo n't ever get 10 % of the electorate with 90 % of the power in the uk . 
  we do n't need to worry about theoretical things , only about real things . 
  clegg now resigned ;-), 
   the eu and the eurozone in particular definitely need a reform , but to solve issues like greece the union has to become closer rather than more loose . 
  the eurozone needs to become closer . 
  the uk can become looser at the same time that the eurozone becomes closer . 
  verhofstat wrote about this yesterday . 
   for a stable currency union , we need transfers , but to make them feasible we need some degree of fiscal union and then we need a closer political union to legitimize that . 
  all this is necessary and also difficult . 
  we should not be shy of the difficult things . 
  i hope that cameron and the other eu leaders now face up to them . 
   there will be a `` four presidents ' report '' on the future of the emu next month that will ( hopefully ) move reforms along , but i doubt it will be in the direction cameron has in mind . 
  we will see . 
  ideal for cameron is further integration of the eurozone , of course . 
   the best cameron could hope for would be a two tiered eu , but traditionally the uk always was opposed to that out of fear of marginalization . 
  the uk used to be against a two-tier eu , but there already is a two-tiered eu and the uk , not being in the euro or schengen is in the second tier . 
  but do you know what ? 
  brits have started to like this second tier . 
   freedom of movement is n't negotiable in any case , although access to welfare systems might see some qualifiers . 
  i personally do n't much care about it , though it seems that lots of brits do care . 
  i think angela will be thinking carefully about it . 
  i just can not imagine angela wanting to run the risk of being shackled to france and club med while the uk leaves . 
  cameron needs to go in hard . 
  we 'll see if he does : he is currently at maximum stregth . 
   i 'd still prefer accuracy/proportionality over ease . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` accuracy '' here . 
  proportionality does not do it for me . 
  however , obviously there is no one answer for how to organise a democracy . 
  the workings of a democracy reflect history and culture , and we should approach them from this pragmatic perspective , rather than thinking about it in an idealistic way . 
  ( anyway , that 's my british pragmatic way of thinking about governance . ), 
   but how mainstream are the conservatives really with only 1/3 of the people voting for them ? 
  i think they are the most mainstream of all the parties in the uk ( on the basis of their values and policies ) . 
  i think they will finish with about 37 % of the vote . 
   ime for the vast majority it really , really is n't , unless i infer you mean them harking back to some mythical golden age of colonial glory . 
  globalism is n't colonialism . 
  it is about recognising that , within the last hour alone , my life has been incredibly global . 
  i have sent an e-mail to an australian client about the hong kong stock exchange , eaten japanese food served by an italian waitress , used an american telephone to call my hungarian business development manager to prepare a pitch for a potential new spanish and south american client which might list on the luxembourg stock exchange using english law documentation . 
  this is globalism . 
  it is here to stay . 
  i am very pro it and think that the uk can best embrace it on its own . 
   imo pr gives a much better reflection of what the voters want and i wouldnt swap it for anything . 
  i think pr leads to inevitable coalitions and weak government and more power to the political fringes rather than the political mainstream . 
  so not something for me thanks !,
