   do they always do that ? 
  if i remember correctly , in argentina the imf argued for a peg to the dollar and their proposed reforms worsened the crisis . 
  yes , you 're quite correct . 
  the imf worsened the crisis in argentina by trying to maintain the dollar peg . 
  successful imf rescues work better by getting rid of pegs . 
   greece is not europe ... there are 18 other countries in eurozone that borrowed money to greece ; greeks can \u00b4 t do everything they want in europe ... in their failed country yes , they can pay taxes whenever they want and do whatever they want , there \u00b4 s no government and institutions for force them to anything ... but greece doesn \u00b4 t lives alone in the world portugal is next in line . 
  gradually the british left are waking up to eusecpticism again . 
  switzerland manages fine . 
  the uk could too . 
  as for paying towards the latest bailout ? 
  this will have devastating results for greece so of course the uk should stay out . 
  if greece created a new currency it would have a chance and in those circumstances of course the uk should help . 
  but greece can not devalue against other eurozone countries unfortunaktely . 
  there is no political party in the uk in favour of the euro . 
  the u.s. has massive federal taxation , strong central institutions , a very mobile workforce and a single language . 
  i am in favour of financial aid to greece . 
  however , this deal is not the right deal . 
  this deal will harm greece . 
  the scottish have not expressed a desire to stay in the eu . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not isolationist . 
  there are many other countries in the world . 
  globalisation is a reason to leave the eu . 
  geography matters less and less in a globalised world , there is no reason why the uk should federalise with lithuania any more than it should federalize with south korea . 
  look how well switzerland handles globalisation : doing free trade deals far quicker than the eu . 
  the uk could do that too . 
  some decisions need to be made globally , however , the uk governement should represent the views of the uk at those forums , not some other body . 
  the commission and the parliament , if they could tax people , would look radically different . 
  however , i do n't see europeans voting to give those bodies powers of taxation . 
  i would vote against it anyway . 
  andrew and george do seem to be want common taxation . 
  however , pierre and per are not paying for pavlos debt . 
  they are just lending him more money and making him privatize stuff that he does n't want to . 
  i think democracy works well at the level of the demos . 
  the people need to want to suffer common governance , to feel sufficiently close so as to not mind being outvoted by others in their demos . 
  this is not the case in the eu , which is why democracy is a misguided initative at eu level with poor results . 
  think about it this way : for a democracy to work , you need to be able to tax peter to pay paul . 
  this only works if peter and paul accept that they are a people . 
  as we have seen over the weekend , while peter is happy to pay paul , our friends per , pierre and especially pieter refuse that their taxes pay pablo , paolo and especially not pavlos . 
  this is why it is important to get sovereignty and democracy at the right level . 
  as for making fun of my position ; i am more than happy to debate with others in good faith on this sub , so feel free . 
  though i disagree that this is nationalistic . 
  hopefully gets out . 
  worst case scenario , stays in but refuses all further integration . 
  obviously no brits want to join the euro . 
  the uk will not be isolated , there is the whole world out there . 
  scotland already had a referendum . 
  scotland is free . 
  yes , but those things do n't seem to be a big obstacle to brits . 
  instead , the high unemployment in the the reu coupled with language differences are practically bigger barriers . 
  the thing about `` muh sovereignty '' is that it ca n't really be separated from `` muh democracy '' . 
  even if the former might not instinctively be something important to you , i am sure the latter is ... 
  hopefully we 'll leave soon , but the greek bailout is a very poor idea , so obviously the uk should not be part of it . 
  the european consensus was wrong , so the uk should not be part of it . 
  hopefully the uk leaves the eu as soon as possible . 
  obviously , a devaluation is not sufficient to solve greece , many free market reforms are needed too . 
  however , being able to devalue is a useful tool during times of pain , which is one of the reasons why the eurozone is doing it . 
  unfortunately greece ca n't devalue in the euro . 
  the way to help greece is for them to default and devalue . 
  i would help them do that . 
  no , there have been no such studies . 
  norway has a great democracy . 
  norwegians do not want to join the eu , they are glad to not be in it . 
  the norwegian people like not being in the eu . 
  personally i think their deal is much better than ours . 
  however , the uk can do better than that even . 
  lol . 
  no , this is not true . 
  there are far more brits working in countries like australia , canada and the usa , than there are working in the eu . 
  no , this is not rescuing greece . 
  to truly rescue greece it is necessary for it to have a new currency and a default . 
  in such a circumstance i would be happy to help greece of course . 
  however , this wo n't work so the uk should not be part of it . 
  the obligations outweigh the benefits , and i will vote to leave the eu . 
  very sensible . 
  if scotland wants independence ( and even as a pro union englishman i can see and acknowledge good arguments for scottish independence ) then it should do the real thing . 
  as you know , the uk does provide funding to the eu . 
  however , the idea that the uk should rescue the euro , which it is not part of , is of course nonsense . 
  ukip are not neo-fascist . 
  the uk government ( which is not ukip ) will of course refuse to pay . 
  i would be delighted to pay money to rescue the greek economy once it leaves the euro . 
  unfortunately the current plan is going to destroy greece even further , so it would be a very poor use of british money to try and stabilize this failed currency union . 
  your own post contradicts yourself . 
  you firstly argue that countries outside the eu do n't get the benefits of trade with the eu and then you find an example , norway , which proves that you are wrong . 
  if the uk or poland get into financial difficulties , they can go to the imf like every other country in the world . 
  the imf can then apply their normal recipe which works well , which includes a devaluation . 
  this does not work with the euro . 
  the euro is the official currency of the eu . 
  every country other than the uk and denmark have a legal obligation to join the euro . 
  there is huge anger that the uk and denmark have opted out . 
  the euro is not some weird add on . 
  it is key part of the aquis , the jewel in the crown of federalists , the inevitable consequence of `` ever closer union '' . 
  the euro is the currency of the eu . 
  let 's not separate two things that obviously belong together . 
  greece should either be rescued by the people it is in a currency union with or return to the drachma . 
  uk taxpayers should not have to prop up the euro . 
   but do n't you think that a large number of people who want a brexit want one because they 're worried about immigration from europe ( particularly the poorer eu countries ) ? 
  some people are worried about it . 
  this is reasonable . 
  it does not make sense for the uk to have no restrictions on immigration at all , because immigration causes a big strain on public services . 
   such as visa-free travel visa free travel is not related to the eu .
