  i 'm also very pleased that the uk and germany are on the same side now . 
  however , i think brits and germans should understand that their experiences of ww2 were extremely different and thus the way they feel about ww2 now will be very different . 
  the impact of winning the war and losing the war has had a profound impact on both our countries ever since and it continues to do so . 
  it has a massive influcence on the difference between german attitudes to the eu compared to british attitudes for example . 
  i do n't think either nation should consider the other nation 's post-war response to the war as better or worse , but rather try and understand why we have responded differently and why we still have different attitudes today . 
  i think we can do this while still stay very peaceful !, 
   what i got out of it is that the very neutral german view on ww1 is a good thing - and that we can and should extrapolate this to all wars . 
  it sounds like we agree that ww2 is a war in which there was a clear aggressor and we agree that ww1 is a war in which there was not a clear aggressor . 
  i think if i were making an argument that all wars should be remembered in a particular way ( i.e. 
  not just wars without clear aggressors , but also wars with clear aggressors ) i would not just have referred to ww1 . 
  i think i would have argued a case as to why wars with clear aggressors should be remembered in the same way , because in my view this would not follow implicitly . 
   it even says it everywhere `` wear your poppy with pride '' this is n't the same as remembering the war with pride . 
  it really means we should be proud to remember those that died . 
   what happened in both were atrocities and those who signed off the orders should hang their heads in shame . 
  i agree that what happened was an atrocity : as a brit it is impossible to think about what happened at dresden without feeling a profound shock and horror and regret . 
  without wishing to defend the bombing of dresden , i will say that i have read military historians who do try and explain it . 
  i 'm also not sure if the moral standards of peacetime that we currently luxuriate in are the standards we should use when it comes to analysing dresden . 
   but is n't that exactly what the article and op argue against ? 
  the article struck me as making a statement about ww1 and how that should be remembered . 
  i 'm not convinced that the article is making a case that ww2 ( or other wars generally ) should all be remembered in the same way as ww1 . 
   but calling it your finest hour claims that the british were objectively good and the germans objectively bad . 
  that is really silly sentiment concerning most wars . 
  actually , calling it a finest hour really is n't claiming that brits were objectively good and the germans were objectively bad in quite such simplistic terms , but it is saying that in relation to ww2 that britain was right to try and defeat the nazis . 
  the peace that we enjoy today is preferable to war , but but of that peace that we enjoy today was secured by the efforts of those that went to war . 
  i find it surprising that your british friends had n't heard about dresden . 
  it is part of any history syllabus that covers ww2 , and remains extremely controversial . 
  the town of coventry is twinned with dresden and there are regularly progammes on tv about survivors from each city meeting each other and sharing experiences etc. 
   i must say that the first time i saw poppies everywhere in britain i was a bit puzzled . 
  in italy wwi is nearly completely disregarded , with a little more attention in the north , where the alpini made their sacrifices . 
  in britain to disregard ww1 would be to disregard the tragic loss of life . 
  i always wear a poppy : it really is n't anything to do with pride : it is really all about rememberance . 
  my own grandfather was born in 1898 above a pub in glasgow : he was just about too young not to be involved in ww1 but his older brother never came back , we assume died in the trenches . 
  i have my grandfather 's diaries about that time somewhere at home . 
  i agree that wearing a poppy is a ritual , but rituals are not necessarily a romaticism that is wrong : i would call this ritual part of respect for the dead . 
  britain also is n't the only european country that remembers ww1 in this kind of way : [ look at belgium and the menin gate and last post ceremony . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/menin_gate ) belgians are n't yet ready to rootaway rememberance traditions either . 
  as mentioned , in all of europe memories of ww1 are coloured by experiences of ww2 and this in my view is a large part of why germany and italy react differently to ww1 than uk , belgium and france do . 
  entirely separately from ww1 , i think brits are right to be proud of the role of brits and others that fought along side them during ww2 . 
  if we ca n't be proud of that , what can we be proud of ? 
  as churchill said , it was our finest hour . 
   `` however matters may go in france or with the french government or with another french government , we in this island and in the british empire will never lose our sense of comradeship with the french people . 
  if we are now called upon to endure what they have suffered we shall emulate their courage , and if final victory rewards our toils they shall share the gains , aye . 
  and freedom shall be restored to all . 
  we abate nothing of our just demands -- czechs , poles , norwegians , dutch , belgians , all who have joined their causes to our own shall be restored . 
  what general weygand has called the battle of france is over . 
  i expect that the battle of britain is about to begin . 
  upon this battle depends the survival of christian civilisation . 
  upon it depends our own british life , and the long continuity of our institutions and our empire . 
  the whole fury and might of the enemy must very soon be turned on us . 
  hitler knows that he will have to break us in this island or lose the war . 
  if we can stand up to him , all europe may be freed and the life of the world may move forward into broad , sunlit uplands . 
  but if we fail , then the whole world , including the united states , including all that we have known and cared for , will sink into the abyss of a new dark age made more sinister , and perhaps more protracted , by the lights of perverted science . 
  let us therefore brace ourselves to our duties , and so bear ourselves , that if the british empire and its commonwealth last for a thousand years , men will still say , this was their finest hour . '', 
   exactly , that 's why this article praises how germany is trying to portray both world wars . 
  actually , the article is not talking about ww2 . 
   as i understand this , it talks about british patriotism and how it was shaped by the war . 
  i think that 's the essence of the article ; that in britain the war is remembered in a patriotic sentiment primarily and the historical approach comes next . 
  just as the german memory of wwi and the french memory of wwi is shaped partly by their experiences of ww2 , so it is also in britain . 
  had ww2 not occurred , we would all be thinking about ww1 in a different way . 
  also , british memory of ww1 is n't just about british soldiers and british interests . 
  in fact , crucial to our collective memory of why we entered ww1 is britain 's role as a guarantor of belgian neutrality and crucial also is the role of the then empire . 
   because irish native speakers prefer to speak their own language , and as a large group of eu citizens , irish native speakers are not a large group . 
  the amount of irish native speakers who ca n't also speak english fluently is extremely small . 
  what did you want germany or other europen countries to do differently ? 
  it was appropriate to remember all the victims at this ceremony , especially as a majority of the non-dutch victims were from the commonwealth . 
  i saw that the malaysian athletes wore black arm-bands . 
  hopefully the dutch also appreciate this gesture !, 
  however , if need be the peg can be broken relatively easily . 
  this would not be an option available in the eurozone . 
  the ability to break the peg is therefore an advantage . 
  but bank charges happen in respect of many transactions and bank services . 
  the bank charges i incur are a negligible cost when it comes to my overseas travel or trade as a whole and do n't impact my travel or trade choices . 
  in my view this is easily a cost worth paying as a trade off for being in a country with an independent monetary policy . 
  you can just use a credit card abroad . 
  i travel abroad all the time and do n't find money changing any inconvenience . 
  i also trade regularly with people overseas who use different currencies from me . 
  again , i do n't find this inconvenient . 
  everything can be done electronically these days !, 
  seems like all the advantages without the disadvantages to me . 
   it 's a bit odd that they gave it to the brits and not the dutch though but the article states the info will be sent to dutch investigators as well so it 's all good . 
  uk media are reporting that [ the dutch government requested that the brits did the analysis . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/mh17-crash-uk-investigators-at-farnborough-to-examine-downed-flights-black-boxes-david-cameron-says-9621619.html ) some people in the uk have speculated about whether there might be a political/diplomatic reason why the brits are doing this , rather than this simply being a question of technical expertise . 
  its worth remembering that 10 brits died in this tragedy , which is obviously far fewer than the number of dutch that died , but this does give the uk a direct interest in the analysis . 
   except for the one being a ship and the other `` just '' small equipment and weapons i do n't really see a big difference . 
  both can be used to help the russian separatists and kill people . 
  and that 's the problem right there . 
  the initial statement from downing street is that the remaining uk licences do not involve anything going to the russian military , but instead involve non-military legitimate reasons . 
  if that is the case then obviously there is a difference between the uk position and the french position . 
  perhaps we will find out further when the response comes from the uk foreign secretary . 
   the difference between `` uk ` still exporting arms ' to russia '' and `` uk still licensing arms exports to russia '' is that the second one suggests the uk did not actively sell the weapons , but just allow it . 
  the article is about what mps have said . 
  [ what the mps said specifically relates to export licences ] ( http://www.parliament.uk/documents/commons-committees/arms-export-controls/140721-philip-hammond-russian-export-licences.pdf ) and i think that it is therefore the best way to title the article . 
   it just a nice rephrasing , does n't change the fact that those companies selling the weapons are still uk companies and the uk government that was so full of disgust about other countries is doing the exact same thing . 
  do n't throw bricks when you live in a glass house i agree that the uk government should clarify its position urgently . 
  however , i do n't think `` exact same thing '' is really correct here . 
  in my mind there is quite a difference between the mistal situation and the uk positition . 
   germany already did what had to be done . 
  [ i see from the uk paliamentary arms control correspondence that germany still has extant licences ] ( http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/cm201415/cmselect/cmquad/186/186iii08.htm ) in place , though these are being reviewed . 
   `` i understand that germany is currently not granting new export licences for military goods , or for dual-use items where the end-user is the armed forces or internal security forces of russia , and that extant licences are being reassessed . 
  please note that germany has no legal power to suspend licences for military goods . '',
