  differently , all states have to distinguish based on nationality . 
  in what respect are germany 's controls tighter on immigrants ? 
  i agree that the opposition in germany was particularly bad this time round and that was one of the key factors in the election result . 
  however , in any case angela and her party have a massive mandate / political capital right now . 
   no , only if the cost of controlling these abuses is less than what we save by controlling these abuses . 
  ( but that obviously goes for abuses/inefficiencies/etc in general , no point in spending 20 bucks in order to save 10 . ), 
  yes , obviously costs and benefits should always be weighed up . 
  i am assuming that this is what is happening here . 
   will he engage with me at the same level ? 
  yes , he will . 
  i have spent a lot of time with bangladeshis ( having grown up in a town in england with a large bangladeshi community ) and also a lot of time with italians ( including sardinians ) . 
  i do n't think of italians as being fundamentally different from bangladeshis . 
  we are all humans and the common human experience is very strong . 
  i would engage with you in the same way that i would engage with a bangladeshi . 
  i think of you both as foreigners . 
  in my mind the main difference is that i might be able to have a conversation with the bangladeshi about cricket but not the italian . 
  but i suppose i can talk about rugby with the italian but not the bangladeshi . 
  so you 're basically equal in my eyes . 
  in what way would you engage with me differently from how you would engage with a bangladeshi ? 
   this is pointless posturing for political points by a leader that barely got into government again . 
  the political capital would be better spent on important issues , not this tripe . 
  am i missing something ? 
  did n't angela merkel 's cdu/csu just get a big increase in voteshare in the last election ? 
  i think they have a lot of political capital right now . 
   should n't abuses among the native population be controlled as well ? 
  yes , they should . 
  all abuses of welfare should be controlled . 
  i think both other wasteful government spending and abuse of social benefits can be tackled . 
   yes , some eu immigrants abuse the social benefits and obviously these abuses should be controlled . 
   this does not stop us from seeing us as part of the bigger picture . 
  in the same way , uk has been an empire , with a great navy . 
  they have explored and colonized , sure , but they have also interacted in europe heavily . 
  i do n't disagree that brits have been very involved with europe !, 
  that 's not my point . 
  but britain has also been very involved with much of the rest of the world too and that has an impact on us seeing ourselves as part of the wider world just as much as we see ourselves as part of europe . 
   especially in southern italy and in venice , in spain and greece , and in the flandres , the british ambassador was a force to be reckoned . 
  the british community abroad was always very lively , and during the 1800s it felt as part of a european culture which started with the greeks . 
  but the british community has also been very strong ( and still is ) in places like kenya , australia and india . 
  british internationalism ( and sometimes insolationalism ) has generally related to the world at large . 
  living in london ( as i do ) i never really feel like i am in a european city . 
  there is so much of the rest of the world here too and this is very much a reflection of britain 's history . 
  whether you are from sassari or sao paolo , cagliary or calgary you can come to london to make your fortune . 
  in the mind of a brit , an italian is n't really less foreign than a bangladeshi . 
   the grand tour was an expression of this . 
  it was n't only tourism , it was a discovery of common cultural roots . 
  there are common cultural roots , but these are western rather than exclusively european . 
  when italians and germans emmigrated to the us they did not drop their culture . 
  when english , irish and scottish emmigrated to australia and new zealand , their culture went with them . 
   1 . there are 28 members of nato . 
  of these , three are nuclear states and five host us nuclear weapons - belgium , germany , italy , the netherlands and turkey ( although i think that the netherlands has been trying to get rid of these for a number of years ) . 
  so , if scotland does join nato that would mean that there would be 21 nato members without nuclear weapons on their soil - why should scotland be singled out for criticism ? 
  the reason why scotland is in a different position from , say , norway is that scotland already has nuclear weapons on its territory whereas norway does n't . 
  norway is n't proposing to incur huge costs at a nato member 's expense , just because of some peculiar principles . 
  also , you have n't answered my question . 
  if you have a principled objection to nato having nuclear weapons , why are you wanting to join nato ? 
  and if you do n't have this objection , why are you saying that ruk , france and usa should have nuclear to protect you , but that you can make ruk pay billions , at a time that the uk economy is weak , to move the weapons ? 
  do n't you realise how selfish this sounds ? 
   the uk government has confirmed that scotland would be banned from having nuclear weapons after independence under non-proliferation treaty rules . 
  it is probably worth you reading [ the full discussion here for the uk government 's position on scotland and nuclear ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/248654/scotland_analysis_defence_paper-final.pdf ) . 
  even the article you linked to recognises that nuclear nations can keep nuclear weapons in non-nuclear nations in some circumstances . 
  this would be one of those circumstances . 
  nato is committed to maintaining nuclear weapons , see the below article from the text you quoted . 
   30 . our strategic concept underscores our commitment to ensuring that nato has the full range of capabilities necessary to deter and defend against any threat to the safety of our populations and the security of our territory . 
  to that end , nato will maintain an appropriate mix of conventional , nuclear , and missile defence forces . 
  missile defence will become an integral part of our overall defence posture . 
  our goal is to bolster deterrence as a core element of our collective defence and contribute to the indivisible security of the alliance . 
  we have tasked the council to continue to review nato 's overall posture in deterring and defending against the full range of threats to the alliance , taking into account changes in the evolving international security environment . 
  this comprehensive review should be undertaken by all allies on the basis of deterrence and defence posture principles agreed in the strategic concept , taking into account wmd and ballistic missile proliferation . 
  essential elements of the review would include the range of nato 's strategic capabilities required , including nato 's nuclear posture , and missile defence and other means of strategic deterrence and defence . 
  this only applies to nuclear weapons assigned to nato . 
  in the current climate , with russia having just annexed crimea , nato members are not unilaterally disarming . 
  if iscotland wants the benefit of nato membership it should also be prepared to accept that having nuclear weapons , for the present , remains one of the burdens . 
  the cost to ruk of iscotland refusing to have nuclear weapons on its territory would be billions . 
  also , why would scotland even want to be a member of nato if you have a principled position against the west having nuclear weapons . 
  it is extremely selfish to want people in france , us and ruk to have to pay to defend you , but not be prepared to contribute to that . 
   ok , so after a quick googling , it became apparent that this organisation has a stable tendency to oppose western powers . 
  fighting for peace seems to be their secondary objective . 
  yes , as you might imagine the `` stop the war coalition '' 's main aim is to be anti western . 
  they really could not be less interested in the security of lithuanians and would prefer the uk to do nothing if russia annexed lithuania tomorrrow . 
  ( probably they would support russia . ), 
   interesting . 
  in scotland we are currently being told that if we vote for independence and then choose to ban nuclear wmd 's from our shores that we would be blackballed from nato . 
  yet here we have an ex-pm of nuclear-wmd-free norway being hailed as the next nato chief . 
  the difference is that norway never had nuclear weapons on its territory . 
  norway has never done anything antithetical to nato 's aims . 
  by getting rid of nuclear weapons from its territory , scotland would be doing something antithetical to nato 's objectives . 
  also , if you do n't want nuclear weapons in scotland , why join nato ? 
  by joining nato you are recognising that nuclear weapons have to be somewhere . 
  why should they be in ruk , usa and france , but not scotland ? 
   i think 20 % is more representative of the `` i kind of agree with their ideas '' , and 7 % more representative of `` i want them to be in charge '' . 
  what percentage of votes do you think they will get in the european elections ? 
  would n't that vote , in some senses , represent a desire for them `` to be in charge '' ? 
  or do you see a lot of people voting for the fn in the european elections purely as a way of protesting against the establishment etc ? 
  agreed - local electoral success is a lot to do with things like party organisation and infrastructure and the fn is evidently a bit behind the established parties in this respect . 
  the point i was making was that the 7 % statistic is arguably not that helpful as to the level of fn support within france and the likely impact that the fn will have in future elections / political discourse in the next couple of years . 
  the fn did not stand in most places , so true figure of support for the fn will likely be much higher than 7 % and i would guess above 20 . 
  we will see in the european elections better . 
  there will be biblical weeping and gnashing of teeth among the french left-wing intelligentsia tonight . 
  in britain we still have austerity , but it has been much less painful than most of europe . 
  we have combined austerity with monetary stimulus .
