   i really do n't get why uk should leave . 
  it 's not that there are absolutely no potential reasons to leave , it 's just i still have n't seen any from its part . 
  leaving the eu because of a contribution around 0,4 % of gdp or some laws the uk does n't like is a symptom of that kind of extremely short-sighted vision which is one of the main causes of the current eu crisis . 
  ultimately it is about the ability to preserve national democracy . 
   the eu as a whole has the second largest trade surplus on earth . 
  the uk has the second largest trade deficit on earth . 
  the idea the eu is hurting british trade is idiotic . 
  outside the eu , the uk could secure its own free trade agreements . 
  it can not do this in the eu . 
   tihi , those are the sure signs of decline . 
  the uk experienced massive global decline in the immediate aftermath of ww2 for the next few decades . 
  since then , it has n't really been declining . 
  in any event , the idea that the uk will be irrelevant outside the eu is nonsene . 
   as is british . 
  i 'm sure leaving your crucial economic partners will makes things much better / s as the article points out , a brexit is not leaving your current economic partners , it is getting new ones . 
   in the uk it 's the opposite ; we 're the 3rd largest member and we have an informal veto over financial regulations , leaving the eu would lose us both . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` both '' as you have only mentioned one thing . 
  there is no such thing as an informal veto : the uk has had to go to court to protect its finance industry again and again . 
  switzerland , outside the eu and not subject the the eu 's financial rules , does perfectly well with finance . 
   the only agruments for the eea option are emotive nationalism , which i 'm sure plenty of brits find appealing . 
  this really is not true at all . 
  it is incredibly insulting to suggest that eusceptics are emotional nationalists . 
  people argued that eusceptics opposed to euro membership were emotional nationalists . 
   the choice is between becoming part of a potential economic and military superpower or becoming an irrelevant , peripheric little island whose history , politics and often even economy are written by others . 
  even if these were the choices , i would still choose the latter over the former . 
  however , these are not the choices . 
  the eu is not on the road to being an economic and military superpower . 
  the only serious military players are the uk and france . 
  as for ecnomics , the eu is showing itself on a daily basis fundamentally incapable of creating a sensible monetary arrangement . 
  the uk , outside the eu , will not be a super-power , but will remain an important power , with massive cultural influence and soft-power , a large economy and military and ties to allies across the globe . 
   all the economic obligations without any pesky political representation . 
  sounds like a great idea . 
  norwegians prefer this to full eu membership and i expect many brits would prefer it too . 
  i certainly would prefer it , in the same way that norwegians do . 
  i agree that a grexit is now looking much less likely than in was . 
  ( however , this debate is not going to go away in the immediate future , until the fundamental problems with monetary union are solved . ), 
  the grexit debate heats up , but the brexit debate is still there , in the distance . 
  the greek drama is going to really impact the brexit discussions . 
   personally i would wait till monday before booking , however . 
  i booked a holiday in greece yesterday . 
  ( i am gambling on the deal happening this weekend and prices being significantly higher by monday . ), 
   and , just because they were to take loans under british law does n't mean that there can not be any provisions for holdout situations . 
  `` english '' law rather than `` british '' law . 
  ( there is no such thing as `` british '' law for contractual obligations , scotland has a different system . ), 
  also , the fact that the loans are english law rather than greek law is quite a big and important difference . 
  for greek law loans , the greek parliament is able to cancel them via greek legislation . 
  the greek parliament can not do this in relation to the english law loans . 
  the interesting thing about the english law of debt obligations is that it is almost entirely `` common law '' and thus made by the english courts . 
  it has been untouched by parliament . 
  we can predict with virtual certainty how the english courts would behave when faced with a holdout bondholder ( in relation to those bonds which do n't contain collective action clauses ) for those bonds withoutas they have faced holdout bondholders in the past . 
  english courts are almost always going to judge in favour of the holdout bondholder , rather than the issuer . 
  this is one of the reasons why english law got chosen in the first place and why english law ( or new york law , which is essentially the same ) is the global legal system of choice in international capital markets . 
  interestingly , during the 2012 restructuring , english law greek bonds were trading at a large premium compared to greek law greek bonds because of this difference . 
  [ the english law holdout bondholders who refused to participate in the restructuing were paid in full . 
  ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/05/15/us-greece-bond-idusbre84e0my20120515 ) more or less same thing happened with argentina and the new york law governed bonds . 
   that said , i came to accept that either side will have its bias - as some sort of unavoidable corollary to how humans think and feel . 
  i agree . 
  we should n't really worry about our biases or those of others . 
  in fact , it makes sense for us , when we argue , not to make a pretence of some false impartiality , but to make our arguments and fully disclose our biases at the same time . 
  we can thus be judged on the full picture . 
   did i dream this or did someone already cross it on a man powered aircraft ? 
  i also had this same dream . 
   those people 's idolize european union , so to protect that idea they blame greece for everything . 
  i 'm not saying that greeks are innocent in all of this , but they want eu to be something that is not yet . 
  and greece is in the way in their minds . 
  this leads to all kinds of confused thinking in the uk political left too . 
  for a number of years in the uk , euscepticism has been a feature of the political right . 
  the political left in the uk , which has largely defined itself in opposition to the right , has thus taken euphile positions . 
  however , the uk political right has also , in recent years , talked incessantly about the need for austerity and the need to reduce the uk budget deficit . 
  the uk political left has argued for the opposite , against austerity and against welfare cuts etc. 
  the greek crisis has , in all its glory , demonstrated to the uk political left that it is impossible to both be unquestioningly in favour of the eu and unquestioningly against austerity : the eu structures and treaties that we have in place , coupled with the political culture in germany and the germanosphere , mean that for greece , eu and austerity are one and the same . 
  it is going to be interesting to see how the uk political left respond to this dilemma . 
  [ we 're starting to see some signs of this battle going on in their heads . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jul/08/i-cant-support-a-europe-that-acts-as-thuggy-bailiff-against-greece ), 
   the problem is politics : creditors need to save face , because promising debt relief now would be a political suicide . 
  this is mostly because of syrizas rhetoric , which they spewed around recklessly . 
  now that they seem to be dialing it back somewhat , i strongly believe we will see debt relief in a couple of years , assuming they wo n't go back to making enemies with the whole eu . 
  i agree that the problem is primarily political , however , i do n't think this is just because of syriza . 
  even before syriza , debt forgiveness was necessary , but it remained off the table . 
  there is a fundamental political problem with the idea of the eurozone becoming a transfer union , which is separate from the syriza rhetoric . 
  the syriza rhetoric is simply a symptom of that fundamental political problem . 
  there is also the legal problem - debt forgiveness is in breach of the eu treaties and there is no easy mechanism around this . 
   to be honest , this looks like a total defeat to syriza . 
  this is what it looks like to me too . 
  they really should insist on some kind of certainty on debt forgiveness , not some kind of vague promises . 
  very sensible . 
  stay out !, 
   i 'm utterly pro-european but there should come a time when you judge the eu by what it actually is , rather than what you 'd like it to be . 
  only denmark and the uk have legal opt-outs . 
  a lot of the other countries want the uk and denmark to join and are angry that we have opt outs . 
  the goal of the eu is towards a federal state . 
  it is in the treaties . 
  it is not a secret that it is illegal . 
  greece should be arguing for the treaties to be changed . 
  this has been urgent for five years . 
  i want the uk to leave the eu . 
  however , the logical consequence of the eu is the eurozone . 
  obviously , it was a massive error to make each country lend to greece pro rata to its ecb share . 
  it would have made for more sense for the countries with greater gdp/head of population to lend far more . 
  in all successful monetary unions money is transferred from the rich to the poor .
