  the question that arises now is ( i ) create a common governement with common debt and massive transfers of money or ( ii ) go back to national currencies . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to continue along this unhappy middle path , which will have continued problems and crises . 
  this is a question that should be tacked democratically . 
  it is necessary to face up to the question now . 
  politicians should n't shy away from asking this question just because they are afraid of how people might answer . 
   what i wanted to say is that because we value democracy within europe germans and greece for example have problems . 
  for the eurozone to function effectively , it does not make sense to be thinking about germans and greeks as two different people with different interests and different democracies . 
  instead , it makes sense to be thinking about one eurozone people with one democracy . 
  if you think that greeks and germans are sufficiently different with sufficiently different interests not to be able to have a common democracy , then they probably should not be sharing a currency and monetary policy . 
   the point is if two different groups of people have different interests or different views of the same problems democracy can not solve the problem . 
  this is why the eu is doomed to fail and i am in favour of the uk pulling out of the eu as soon as possible . 
  there is no european people . 
  there are different groups of people within europe , as your post so clearly shows . 
  if we are at the stage when we are happily saying : `` democracy can not solve the problem '' , then it is time to admit that the project has failed . 
  democracy is more important than the eurozone . 
  the parent poster did not mention blame or even moral obligation . 
  he said that it is up the muslim community to stop people getting brainwashed by hate preachers in koran schools . 
  as a matter of practical reality , this is the case . 
  the muslim community is better placed than anyone to tackle this problem . 
  separately , i do n't agree that moral obligations are separate from practical reality . 
  say for example me and my friend meet someone who is starving . 
  i am wealthy but my friend is poor . 
  my moral obligation to help the starving person is greater than my friend 's , because i am better able to deal with the problem . 
  it would not make sense to say that my poor friend is just as obliged to spend money on this than me . 
  similarly , with islamic extremism , the people that are most able to deal with this problem have the greatest obligation . 
  this is not saying that the rest of us have no obligation . 
  it is not blaming some random muslim for something unrelated to her which she could do nothing about . 
  it is practical realties and consequences of that . 
  the reality is that racism does not apply in all directions equally . 
  the tradition of racism against ethnic minorities in the uk is not the same as the tradition of racism against white people and it does not make sense to say it is the same problem . 
  if a white person is being racist to a black person , and some black and white people are witnesses , the white people are able to do more to intervene . 
  that 's because the other black people might legitimately fear racial abuse themselves . 
  and the white racist needs to be shown that other white people are n't racist and that being racist is not acceptable for white people . 
  obviously , as you say , we all have an obligation to stop islamic extremism . 
  but we also have to be realistic about who is going to best be able to do that . 
  in the uk for example , many islamic communities are not well integrated . 
  and a lot of radicalization takes place in the context of those communities , in mosques etc. 
  non muslims are just not going to be able to challenge extremism in the way that muslims are , as they are much less likely to encounter it . 
  similarly , if a muslim makes an argument to another muslim that extremism is not part of islam , they might well be listened to . 
  i am not so well equipped to make that argument , because i am not versed in islamic theology and have not read the koran etc. 
  it is an obligation of white people to quell white racist groups and in the uk we have done a pretty good job of this . 
  we do this by having a zero tolerance approach to racism , both in terms of formal social structures and also informally in relation to culture and society . 
  if in the work place or at my gym someone does something racist , i speak out and make it clear that i am not cool with that . 
  similarly , if muslims notice in their social circle or their school or mosque that people are being extremist , they have an obligation to say it is not acceptable . 
  i have never been to any of them . 
  in london i have met lats and lits but no eestis . 
  i am going to vote for latvia , because they seem to be the underdog and brits love to support underdogs . 
   we might have a unity with france or the netherlands but not with the us . 
  brits have a `` unity '' with the usa , we have an `` entente '' with france and with germany we have a business relationship . 
  we do n't have anything with russia at the moment . 
  i 'm not aware of any limit at all . 
  in fact , it would be very annoying if there were a restriction and those trades needed to take place in the usa . 
  if the counterparties are established in london they typically would want the trade to be settled in the morning uk time and this could not happen as ny would not be open . 
  usd denominated trades can be cleared in london without restriction . 
  yes, 
  that would be good as it would mean that the uk will leave the eu . 
  however , i find it surprising that the eurozone would want to be so protectionist as to try and legislate to ensure that clearing houses can not clear euro trades in london . 
  london here - i pay gbp 1,400 ( currently eur 1,930 ) per month , for a one bedroom appartment , that is not even really central ... london is expensive . 
   say , how to limit disinformation spread by russian on unprecedented scale without limiting basic freedoms ? 
  tough . 
  that 's what russians play on , using our system against ourselves . 
  i really do n't have an answer to this question . 
  i 'm really not worried about russian propaganda in the uk . 
  most brits are just not interested in putin and i do n't think that the uk needs a counter-propaganda programme for itself : i think we have enough institutions and national symbols that do this . 
  but , i know this is easy for me to say , far away from russia , on an island , with no tradition of communism , and with a stable democracy and with nuclear weapons . 
  i know that the question is totally different in latvia . 
  also , i know that the uk ( together with the rest of the democratic west ) has an obligation towards latvia , to help preserve your democracy . 
  this is also a question of `` british interest '' . 
  however , i am not sure what the best way of meeting that obligation is . 
  i think part of it means ensuring that the british military and nuclear deterrant continue to stay strong . 
  i think it means encouraging military co-operation with nato allies and supporting other western countries with military presence and operations in the baltics . 
  i am pleased that the uk government has sent `` military advisers '' to ukraine . 
  but i do n't really know how the propaganda battle should be fought - i do n't think the west generally knows how to do this . 
   and yeah , in this case we 'll need at least one nation with a nuclear deterrent . 
  i strongly think that both the uk and france need to keep their independent nuclear deterrents . 
  i also do not think it makes sense for europe to create an alliance without the us . 
   and one of the reasons for it is that the system was so absurd and irrational that people will just frown and laugh at the idea that anybody might had thought of something as impossible and foolish as that . 
  yes , i think this describes it well . 
  a system that produced outcomes that were simultaneously utterly weird and utterly cruel . 
  of course , i can try and imagine the reality of this weirdness and cruelty , and your stories and the stories of other redditors here help with that . 
  but when i imagine this reality it is so incredibly foreign to me that it might as well be fictional . 
  for it seems that there is no difference between the weirdness and cruelty of 1970s ussr that you describe and  1984 of george orwell , with its `` doublethink '' , `` newspeak '' , self-censorship , `` thought crime '' , the eternal propaganda , the vicious police ... 
  which of course i have read and enjoyed as something purely fictional . 
   yes , the `` useful idiots '' as they are said to be called by the soviet leaders . 
  this is an interesting question . 
  the irony of a free society is that people are free to believe that there should be no freedom , or believe in great evil . 
  tolerance ultimately tolerates intolerance . 
  however , ultimately i do n't really believe that communists and ussr-sympathisers in the uk are helpful to russia or were helpful to the ussr . 
  i think the uk is still sufficiently confident to be able to cope with internal dissent , extreme opinion , maverick ideas and so forth . 
  you can not force freedom on someone , they have to want it , you must simply trust in deomcratic structures and a democratic consciousness among a people . 
  this is the ultimate f.u. 
  to the ussr , for the west to be able to say that we know that we have `` useful idiots '' here , but we are sufficiently confident to ignore them and continue with our own beliefs . 
   i want to cry of feeling of despair and anger when i see such people . 
  me too . 
  me too . 
   there were nearly no `` people with money '' ( more than you could get by growing flowers in your garden and selling them on the market ) , wow - reading your stories has been fascinating . 
  your description of life behind the iron curtain is totally foreign to me and just completely different to my own experiences of life in the uk and the experiences of my parents etc. 
  one of the odd things about the uk today is that despite the uk being part of a west which won the cold war , there are numerous academics , activists , trade unionists , no-globalists etc that continue believe that the ussr was a morally superior system of government to the west and continue to look back on the ussr fondly ( and look fondly at russia today ) . 
  i suppose that it is easy for people who live in the west amid comparative stability , freedom , democracy and prosperity to indulge in ideas of communism in their heads . 
  brits do n't mind about canada .
