  nobody knows . 
  a mess !, 
   it seems like scotland and wallonie are made for each other . 
  lol !, 
   i 'm really not up to date on this matter but i am wondering , did the kiddie-fiddling scandals have an effect on this ? 
  has it been mentioned/discussed ? 
  no , this has not been an election issue . 
  there is a chance it will impact voting in a few constituencies , but the overall result will likely not be impacted at all . 
   i guess you 'd be a participant in some decisions affecting the market , but for this new eu to be unhindered by these half-participants , their decision making powers should be kept to a minimum . 
  otherwise , we might as well keep things as they are . 
  the eu is n't currently being hindered by the half-participants . 
  it is being hindered by the full participants and particularly the inability of the eurozone members to fix the problems with the common currency . 
  countries like uk , sweden and denmark are n't stopping the eurozone from fixing the eurozone . 
  they would like the eurozone countries to fix it . 
   really ? 
  i always thought flemmish was dutch and very close to german . 
  flemmish is obviously very close to dutch and german . 
  i was just talking about which languages english is close to though - english is closest to frisian and then flemmish !, 
   how so ? 
  belgium has set the bar really high by having no federal government for almost 2 years . 
  you 're having elections today , i think you ( luckily ) have n't earned the right to call yourself `` the new belgium '' just yet . 
  yeah , though we are kind of catching up real quick . 
  scotland has already had a referendum and perhaps they will have another one soon . 
  also , we are used to having governments change over night with the new one being ready to meet the monarch by the friday morning . 
  even a couple of days to form a government is stressful for us . 
   i 'm not a linguistic nationalist so i 'm more than happy to welcome the scots and their homelands into france . 
  perhaps you misread what i wrote ? 
  i specifically said that scotland could join with wallonie and not france ;-) as for linguistic nationalism , flemmish is one of the closest languages to english , certaintly closer than dutch . 
  i think frisian is even closer though . 
   they 're dismantling themselves so you should probably declare war on belgium . 
  we 're also dismantling ourselves and becoming the new belgium . 
  maybe a better solution for all would be for england to join with flanders and for scotland to join with waloonie ... 
   well , yeah you get a voice at the table but you do n't get a vote . 
  this is n't a crazy prospect , it 's what norway has . 
  actually , it is n't clear from the article if this is what this is what verhofstat means . 
  i assume that by `` associate membership '' he means a different thing from current eea membership because : - he discusses a major renegotiation and this opens up a possibility for a structure whereby associate members get to vote on the things that concern them ( market ) but not the things that do n't concern them ( military ) ; - he does n't mention the eea option - if he meant that i would have thought he would have used that term ; and - he specifically says `` no longer full representation '' . 
  this is deliberately ambiguous . 
  however , it is not clear that it does not mean no voting at all . 
   but it 's a false choice in the first place since nobody is asking the uk to join schengen or give up sterling . 
  the whole position is an advocacy piece in the first place that is n't actually a position anyone in power is taking . 
  i know it is n't currently on the table and that it is an option piece . 
  i read the article . 
  i was just saying that if it were on the table i suspect that it is something that brits would go for . 
   what benefit would that have over the current arrangement though except for giving up voting rights ? 
  the article is n't really clear on what voting rights would be given up :  obviously , that also means you would no longer have full representation and the corresponding voting rights at eu level . 
  i took this sentence to mean that there would be some representation . 
  presumably this is up for negotiation . 
  the benefit is market access with a clear understanding that the uk was not moving towards federalism . 
  i 'm not sure if i personally would go for , but i suspect it is something that most brits would go for , if the choice were that or `` full membership '' , meaning the euro and schengen . 
  just to clarify , nobody gets to dismantle belgium : not you , and certainly not / u/azerty258741369 . 
  belgium gets to stay as it is : a permanent crazy joke designed to ensure that the balance of power in europe stays and to ensure that the french stay annoyed . 
  brits will go to war over this !, 
   but it 's a bit ridiculous that the uk has been in for ages and we still refuse to integrate properly . 
  democracy is a bitch sometimes , is n't it ? 
   you 'd be allowed unrestricted market access if you played by the markets rules ( and opened up your market in return ) , but you would not participate in the decision on what those rules are . 
  i do n't think that is quite what the article is saying . 
  i read the sentence :  obviously , that also means you would no longer have full representation and the corresponding voting rights at eu level . 
  to mean that there would be some representation and some involvement in the decision-making process . 
  otherwise , the word `` full '' makes no sense here . 
  i suspect that this is something that many brits would opt for . 
  i personally can not see brits committing to euro membership and schengen membership : i think quite a few brits would accept simple eea membership though . 
   the fact that the issues pointed in shakespeare 's plays are mostly centered on england . 
  this is not true at all . 
  shakespeare 's themes are universal themes , around the human condition . 
  his plays are dominated around issues like love , revenge , jealousy , ambition , insanity , war and conflict , family loyalty , fear of death , all mixed up with slapstick humour , magic and fantasy , dry puns , earthy and vulgar humour and word games . 
  this is one of the reasons why shakespeare remains so popular today , not just in england or the anglosphere , but globally . 
  people when they view shakespeare do n't think that the issues are particularly english , but universal . 
   what is the imf ? 
  an international cooperation by sovereigns with the purpose to bail out and `` reform '' struggling countries . 
  the european creditors fall under the exact same category . 
  i think there is a fundamental category difference between the imf and the eurozone creditors . 
  the imf 's only purpose is to rescue failing sovereigns . 
  the ecb and the european commission have a multiplicity of other functions and represent countries that are ( apparently ! ), 
  moving to ever closer union with the greek people . 
  eventually there has to be debt mutualisation within the eurozone . 
  there does not have to be debt mutualisation between greece and the rest of the world . 
   same could be said for the european creditors . 
  there are countries among them that are poorer than greece . 
  yes , once we can get our head round fiscal transfers , then we can speedily end this insanity of making each eurozone country liable towards greece in proportion to the size of its economy . 
  a much better system would be transfers from the wealthy to the poorer ... 
  it is insane to get estonia to transfer to greece . 
   the european creditors are also implicitly ( or explicitely in some contracts ) preferred creditors . 
  my understanding is that legally the esm loans etc are preferred creditors compared to private sector creditors , but junior to the imf loans . 
   imf is n't doing it out of the goodness of their hearts . 
  it is n't kindness , but it is pragmatism . 
  it is the most pragmatic way of solving the crisis . 
   they know the greek debt is unsustainable and they 're implying that the european taxpayer should pay the cost and of course not them . 
  the europeans will likely counter offer that maybe the imf should not be paid in full and they should . 
  fun times ahead . 
  the european creditors will not counter offer like this : they know that they have no basis for it : - if the imf do not get repaid , this would be quite a big f.u. 
  from greece to many countries all over the world that fund the imf , many of which are much poorer than greece . 
  - it would also undermine the entire basis for international sovereign bailouts in which the imf only lends on the basis that it is a preferred creditor . 
  - the eurozone can afford to deal with the greek debt . 
  there is enough money in the eurozone : remember that some of the richest countries in the world are in this club . 
  it is just a question of getting the money in the correct place . 
  this is really a political problem in the eurozone . 
   in english literature though , everything is always way more focused on britain and i 've never seen in shakespeare any reference to other countries or cultures , as even hamlet is just a transposition of england 's problems to denmark . 
  it is probably time for you to refresh your knowledge of shakespeare . 
  references to other countries are one of the notable features of shakespeare . 
  off the top of my head the following works of shakespeare have international settings or refer to international events : - julius ceaser - anthony and cleopatra - two gentleman of verona - timon of athens - the merchant of venice - coriolanus - troilus and cressida - twelth night - titus andronicus - the taming of the shrew in fact , one of the remarkable things about shakespeare is the extent to which so many of the plays are set overseas , all over europe and north africa .
