  this is a wonderful day for scotland . 
  the celebrations will go on all weekend . 
  they are already drinking the champagne ( and other stuff ... ) . 
  i 'm so happy for scotland right now . 
  i hope the uk now organises some necessary constitutional changes ... 
  it 's done . 
  this all depends on negotiations . 
  if a political party with a manifesto commitment for independence wins an overall majority in the scottish parliament ( like this time ) it will happen again . 
  the likelihood is that independence for scotland is dead for more than a generation . 
  unless major other constitutional changes happen in the uk . 
  if you have to extract money from the taxpayer , make massively cut public spending and get various loans from the imf and foreign governments to pay the debts of private companies , then perhaps those people that invested in those private companies made poor investments . 
  investors always come back . 
  they always look for opportunity . 
  they came back to iceland super quick . 
  investors lose out on their investments all the time . 
  the very nature of an investment is that there are risks . 
  when investors invest in corporate debt , they risk getting nothing back . 
  when investors invest in bank debt , it should be the same . 
  after all , those investors specifically invested knowing those risks , after having read regulatory documents disclosing those risks to them . 
  not quite - in the uk the savings of depositors benefit from a state guarantee up to gbp80k . 
  i 'm not challenging that . 
  i am saying that the taxpayer should not bail out professional investors and high net worth individuals and so forth . 
  it sounds like a lot of `` no '' voters were shy . 
  the fact that counties do n't do something really is n't proof that it ca n't be done . 
  i 'm also not arguing for sovereign defaults . 
  i am arguing for sovereigns not bailing out banks . 
  actually - it is ' t like maths . 
  macroeconomics can not be proved in the way maths can . 
  there is therefore variety in the opinions of economists . 
  economists get proved wrong all the time . 
  they do n't protect against this . 
  we do n't do this type of thing . 
  we 're british ... ok - in some respects britain is a weird country . 
  portugal can into business friendly tax rates too , no ? 
  good for whom ? 
  looks like scotland voted for the union . 
  well done to scotland - well done to the union . 
  those reports were found to be incorrect . 
  nowhere closed early !, 
  really ? 
  i do n't agree . 
  actually - there is no real reason why what works for iceland could n't work for ireland . 
  as a conservative i do not believe the taxpayer should bail out failing businesses . 
  those businesses should go to the wall . 
  i have to admit that the uk in some ways comes out of this looking good - democracy has been and will be respected . 
  not everyone in the world has this . 
  british people do n't seem to do this . 
  i guess they ask your address too . 
  then once you have voted , they cross your name out with a pencil ... 
  better for you i guess . 
  your banks would have gone down , but you 'd have been out of recession quicker and faster . 
  you 'd have had to quit the eurozone though probably . 
  you just say your name . 
  think what it will be like for you when the english vote for independence . 
  just you are the norn irish !, 
  there is anger among lots of scots living in england who ca n't vote ... 
  lightweight !, 
  i will stay up all night and work tomorrow from 9 !, 
  if there is a `` yes '' vote , i will get to work early to e-mail all my scottish clients with advice about how to reregister in england and so forth . 
  ( i am a lawyer . ), 
  actually - eu citizens and commonwealth citizens can , but not other overseas nationals . 
  in britain we do n't like the idea of id cards !, 
  i like the way we can vote based on trust . 
  it makes me feel the democracy we have is mature and secure . 
   seeing as it 's another option of funding the creative sector aside from national level , of course it needs to have a budget . 
  global funding would be another option . 
  that does n't mean there has to be a budget for global funding of the arts . 
   a joint project by universities of arts across the eu could be successfully implemented thanks to this option of funding , whereas they could struggle to do so if they relied on national funding ( if there is such on national level ) . 
  i 'm not aware of any such projects and i question what they would really do for the arts . 
  a joint project for the arts across the eu sounds to me like something aimed for the eu rather than something aimed for the arts . 
  however , cross-border arts things have been going on for years , some funded by the private sector , others funded by governments . 
  [ naw ] ( http://www.isscotlandindependentyet.co.uk/ ), 
   so , how much do you guys think this potential independence would hurt labour 's chances of winning in future elections ? 
  it will hurt them massively . 
  however , in the event of a yes vote , the entire political landscape of the uk could change over night . 
  this friendly country that has been that island to your north west that you have always known ? 
  she might be finished . 
  everthing you thought about her might change . 
   and what would happen after the independence day in the - quite likely - event of a 2015 labour victory ? 
  this has been much discussed and nobody can agree . 
  but would a labour victory still be likely ? 
   why ? 
  actors , producers , directors etc. 
  all pay taxes . 
  creative europe 's total budget is 1.46 billion eur , which is about 0.15 % of the total eu budget for 2014-2020 . 
  some struggle , why should n't they have the possibility to get eu funding for some of their projects ? 
  member states can decide whether or not they want to fund actors , producers and directors and how much money they want to spend on the arts . 
  there is no need for creative europe to have any budget . 
  why is the eu doing things that the member states can do ? 
   if more people in the uk were aware of this i think they would be more open to joining the euro this would maybe influence 0.5 % of brits at the most . 
  we 'd go from being 9 % in favour of euro membership to 9.5 % in favour of euro membership . 
  the big question is why is ireland doing so different from portugal , italy , greece and spain ? 
  my ( not an economist ... ) theory : ( 1 ) ireland 's trade is closely connected to the uk 's , and the uk has been growing fairly strongly for more than a year too . 
  gspi do n't have this . 
  ( 2 ) ireland 's financial crisis was always different from that of gspi . 
  ireland 's crisis was a banking sector crisis and specifically the government guarantee of all irish bank debt . 
  ireland did not have a productivity or competitivity problem vis-a-vis germany . 
  ireland can still export efficiently and could during the entire crisis . 
  ( 3 ) ireland has very anglo-saxon liberal laws in relation to things like labour and a highly educated workforce that was able to move to uk/canada/australia / nz and find skilled work much more easily than the gips . 
  this helped irish unemployment figures .
