  if you look at the origins of fn and the origins of ukip they seem very different . 
  ukip have strong libertarian , free trade and laissez-faire , low tax and small state ideals ( though ukip are now building a wider coalition of opinion ) . 
  ukip originated as a pressure group aimed at pulling out of the eu and subsequently became a political party . 
  the fn are large state , protenctionists and have a much longer history and have j-m le pen 's influence all over them . 
  it is also unclear to me if fn really want to pull france out of the eu or simply re-fashion the eu to their own liking . 
  maybe some brits do think we 're better than the french !, 
  maybe some french do see themselves as better than the brits !, 
  but mostly we have a lot of respect for each other as best ennemies and historic rivals that have risen together and fallen together on the world stage . 
  and in my mind this does n't really relate at all to the ability of ukip to work with others in the ep . 
  what is the point of working with others there if your main aim is to leave ? 
   and then promptly spend it all on renting a flat or even a decent sized room in a decent area where paint is not rotting from the outside walls . 
  london is not a good place to work in the uk , due to insane rents . 
  i agree , london is very very expensive and it really is n't for everyone . 
  however , it is the most globalised city in the world and offers huge potential for people that are competent and hardworking . 
  that 's why i think london is such a popular destination for people . 
  i was chatting to a business development manager in my firm earlier . 
  she arrived in london with a suitcase , no money and very poor english six years ago having come by coach from bratislava . 
  she began sharing a bedroom with three others and working in a kitchen . 
  now she is earning upwards of gbp 65,000 a year and gets job offers all the time ( meaning that we will basically have to give her a payrise or we will lose her ) . 
  london is full of people like that . 
  if you want to work , london has a job for you . 
  there are loads of jobs in the london area right now . 
  extremely easy to find work here if you want to work . 
  i noticed that they said that the constituent nations of the uk were scotland , wales , england and northern ireland and that scotland , wales , england each had their own flag . 
  i guess best not to mention at all the various flag arguments that take place over in northern ireland ... ;-), 
   and how could i ? 
  is it really that foreign to you , that a country , that defines itself to this very day about these 12 years of national-socialism is wary about itself ? 
  i do n't mean to diminish the experience of the nazis to the current german political consciousness . 
  i understand why it remains the defining part of germany 's understanding of itself and germany 's current attitude towards europe . 
  ( in the uk too , our experience of ww2 explains our policy towards europe . 
  because we think we were both on the side of virtue and the winning side in ww2 , we believe that we are better off alone and isolated and better off governing ourselves . ), 
  however , i do n't think germany 's definition of itself in relation to the nazis can last for much longer . 
  i think germany will normalise its international relations and believe in its own democratic and political structures . 
  you obviously already believe in germany 's economic structures , which suggests that you are starting to believe in the political structures too . 
  germany will start to trust itself more , and trust governance by brussels less . 
   and the relation of the uk to the eu was always a bit ... bitchy , was n't it ? 
  so , yes i 'm sure we can work together , but does this make up a `` strong ally '' kind of relationship ? 
  i doubt it to be honest . 
  yes , the relationship between the uk and the eu has always been very difficult . 
  but we are starting to see the relationship between france and germany get difficult too ( and with economics diverging , as sure as night follows day your politics will too ) . 
  and that is where life really gets interesting . 
   in that case complied and openly debate the abolition of the euro currency . 
  that would force germany 's hand . 
  obviously , hollande is not the right man for this debate . 
  and it seems that no serious politician in the eurozone has even started this debate , so you are a bit before your time . 
  looking at french opinion polling where it seems like next time you will end up with sarko again or juppe , i think you still wo n't get anyone who will openly debate the end of the euro . 
  i do n't see anyone ready to force germany 's hand . 
  also , i think there is a reasonable chance that germany 's response is `` nein danke '' . 
   the only acceptable situation is one where a normal job can ensure a decent standard of living . 
  some financially tighter , some richer , but everyone should at least live decently . 
  yes , this would be nice , with unicorns too . 
  however , i find this position too idealist . 
  ( surprise , surprise , the french are idealists while the brits are pragmatists . 
  nothing changes . ), 
  your french position seems to be that we must have the ideal and anything else is unnacceptable . 
  you seem to be starting from where you want to end up , and working backwards , without a consideration for where you currently are . 
  look where you currently are , with no growth , high unemployment . 
  brits are not idealists , we are pragmatists . 
  our position is to start from where we currently are ( the depths of the financial crisis in 2008 ) and to try and improve that . 
  the starting point is the creation of jobs , because that actually is what most people want . 
  improving wages is a secondary step , once the jobs have been created . 
  now that unemployment is very low in the uk , we can start to do this , but we have only just reached this point . 
  also , you need to address my point about the huge levels of migration from the eurozone to the uk . 
  are the 100,000 s of people who move to the uk from the eurozone wrong ? 
  rather than going to the uk to work , should they be going to france to live on benefits ? 
  and what about monetary policy ? 
  the uk has had a massive quantitative easing programme , higher inflation than the eurozone and a currency depreciation . 
  the uk also did n't sign up to the fiscal compact , meaning that the uk can have a large deficit without breaching the rules . 
  are n't both of these things worth exploring for france ? 
  ( you ca n't do this in the eurozone though . ), 
   i do n't agree with what the french government is doing . 
  as the french president i would have forced ( read : forced ) a change to the unscientific 3 % rule in europe . 
  and , assuming that germany said no this demand , what would you have done next ? 
  complied with the rule ? 
  or breached it ? 
   so `` my plot of land is better than yours '' - guys ca n't work with other `` my plot of land is better than yours '' - people ? 
  color me surprised . 
  the reason ukip finds it difficult to build a coalition in the ep is because they want a brexit . 
  obviously , almost nobody else in europe wants this kind of thing . 
  thus , ideologically they are not really aligned to most of europe . 
  it is n't about thinking a plot of land is better than elsewhere . 
   why should the uk get all the economic benefits and not take on the full responsibilities ? 
  france does this too . 
  france 's new budget is in clear breach of the deficit rules . 
   you 're growing well because you keep lowering social standards . 
  low-paid shitjobs do n't make a country prosperous , they make only the rich people in a country prosperous . 
  which is better , a low paid job or no job ? 
  hundreds of thousands of people each year move from the eurozone to the uk . 
  in the last couple of years the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  uk unemployment is down to 6 percent . 
  how is french unemployment doing ? 
   that 's a curiously opportunistic definition of the anglosphere : typically singapore is not included and ireland is . 
  whether or not singapore is in the anglosphere , it is certainly part of the developed world that is growing economically , differently from the eurozone . 
  given singapore 's use of english language and english law it is arguably part of the anglosphere or at least a relation to it . 
  ireland is a special case : it is both in the eurozone and the anglosphere . 
  ireland is growing strongly at the moment , which is great . 
   growth can take a hike if it means an ongoing reduction in real wages : yes , wages have fallen in real terms in the uk ( though they have n't in the rest of the anglosphere , so the point still stands ) . 
  however , judging by immigration levels into the uk from the eurozone would rather have a low paid job in the uk than no job in the eurozone . 
   it 's a banking crisis . 
  the sovereign debt crisis is just a secondary effect .
