  if so , i think it would make sense for the snp to stand south of the border , so that the english can vote for them too . 
   it is disgraceful to see the tories deliberately increasing tensions within the union for the simple purpose of winning an election . 
  i think it really comes down to whether or not you are a believer in the union or not . 
  i think if you believe that scotland should leave the union , which is really not a position i have a problem with , then i think it makes sense to vote for the snp . 
  if you believe in the union , i do n't think it makes sense to want the snp in power , either as part of government in a coalition , or using confidence and supply . 
  also , if tensions within the union are not a good thing , do you think that scotland should have had a referendum at all ? 
  that certainly increased tensions . 
  however , i think it was a good thing . 
  i think nato is of critical importance to continuation of the baltics as independent countries outside of russsia 's grasp . 
  preserving these countries is in my view vital to british interests . 
  for this reason i think it is essential that the uk supports nato . 
  i 'm less interested in the wto , but support the uk 's membership of it . 
   yeah , i remember sturgeon wanting 180 billion in spending to go to scotland in return for the snp 's support labour , which to be honest struck me as rather petty . 
  this kind of thing makes me think a conservative minority government is more likely . 
  the tories are really going to make a big deal of this kind of potential lab/snp pact and i just do n't see the english wanting to risk it . 
  but we will see - still a long way to run !, 
   in which case the `` disincentivize defection '' argument props up , maybe they do n't want to make it profitable for countries to leave the eu ? 
  i agree this is a relevant consideration . 
  however , it is a difficult one for the reu to play , because the various reu countries left will respond in different ways to a brexit . 
  some countries like netherlands and germany , who have strong trading links with the uk at the moment and export a lot to the uk , who also have generally open trade views , would be a bit reluctant not to embrace free trade with the uk . 
  there would also be the question of eusceptic movements within their own countries which would complicate things . 
  thus i very much see this as a risk rather than a certainty . 
  separately , we might see more about the `` disincentivise defection '' argument over the coming weeks , depending on what happens to greece . 
  how is the reurozone treating a greece that is ( indirectly ) threatening to defect ? 
  if greece does end up leaving the eurozone , how is the eurozone going to respond ? 
  ( all this is going to impact the brexit debate . ), 
   i 'm pretty sure it was labour who ruled out a coalition with the snp , was it not ? 
  the snp ruled out a coalition with labour before labour ruled out a coalition with the snp . 
  anyway , they have both ruled it out now . 
  the snp have said that they would give `` confidence and supply '' to the labour party , in exchange for certain things . 
   can i ask which regulations set forth by the eu you object to specifically ? 
  sure . 
  here are a few things i object to off the top of my head : - eu subsisdising agriculture in europe and imposing tarriffs on agriculture from africa ; - eu requiring employers to treat obesity as a disability ; - eu requiring car insurers to treat men and women as equally risky prospects under equalities legislation ; - eu requiring google and the like to comply with certain right to be forgotten legislation ; - echr ( not directly an eu body , but related ) requiring prisoners to have the vote ; - eu vat rules for online smes ; - eu rules on bankers bonuses ...  to see that you want the uk to move to the right of the solidly neoliberal eu is both intriguing and somewhat terrifying to me , as it seems to be an increasingly popular movement . 
  where the uk as a whole and different bits of the uk would move after a brexit would ultimately depend on legislation enacted by the relevant uk parliaments . 
  if you do not think you would like the rules and regulations enacted by parliamentary democracy within the uk ( and this inevitably includes westminster , hollyrood , stourmont , the london assembly , where we get to with manchester devolution etc ) , then probably it does not make sense to vote for a brexit . 
  however , i am ultimately confident in uk parliamentary democracies . 
  note that i am also a strong `` localist '' and am more than happy for scotland to have an extensive devolution , full fiscal autonomy , full control over almost every bit of scotish legislation ( other than defence and foreign affairs ) . 
  separately , to the extent that scotland would rather be part of the eu than the uk or votes differently from the ruk in relation to the eu question , i would be in favour of a further scottish independence referendum . 
  i 'll admit that i am essentially a soft-core libertarian : i am socially liberal ( i would legalise most drugs , not have too much government intervention in concepts like the family ) and also economically liberal ( i generally trust individuals to make decisions themselves about their employment and trading relationships etc ) . 
  however , i do n't think my views here are really fundamental to the question of a brexit . 
  as you say , the eu is very solidly neoliberal in its heart as the single market has been probably the most emblematic of eu policies and the euro 's design is fundamentally monetarist . 
  i think anyone that is opposed to neoliberalism ends up finding the eu a difficult fit . 
   but is this a choice that has to be made ? 
  does the eu somehow hinder uk businesses from trading with the rest of the world ? 
  you 're right , ideally this is a choice that should n't be made . 
  that 's why my preference would be for the uk to have a free trade agreement with the reu as well as comprehensive trade agreements with the rest of the world . 
  however , in the event that the reu refused free trade with the uk , then the uk would have to make this choice and in those circumstances i would choose the open sea . 
   does the eu somehow hinder uk businesses from trading with the rest of the world ? 
  within the eu , the liberal , open , deregulated uk i want to see does not seem to be possible . 
  it is impossible for the uk to remove burdensome eu regulations within the eu . 
  it is impossible for the uk to negotiate ftas with the rest of the world in the eu . 
  we may get some further insights into this if cameron wins the election and begins the renegotiation . 
  separately , aside for the economic arguments , the eu is not just a trade block , it is a political entity aimed at becoming a federal entity . 
  i value the uk 's sovereignty and parliamentary democracy , which are undermined by eu membership . 
   though it may be on the condition of a new electoral system for the house of commons . 
  i expect that the tories would insist on putting this to the electorate in a referendum again . 
  the lib dems will have less negotiating power than they did last time . 
  they will have fewer seats . 
   i 'm doubting this . 
  which lax measures are you referring to ? 
  if you 're talking about the deregulation mentioned in the op post or the open europe report , they relate to uk domestic law subsequent to a brexit . 
  this by definition only relates to the uk . 
   france 's economy is about the same size as uk 's and they might want to follow provided that uk is not punished . 
  the only punishment within the gift of the reu is refusing free trade with the uk . 
  i agree , there is a chance that the reu might do this . 
  however , even if the reu does not want free trade with the uk , i would still vote for a brexit . 
  outside the eu even without free trade with europe , the uk can pursue agressive deregulation and free trade with the rest of the world . 
  this is a better option for the uk in my view . 
   nobody 's going to accept these lax measures as it might create a domino effect the lax measures would only apply to the uk . 
  the only thing that we would want from the reu is free trade . 
  perhaps you might not accept that , but i think the uk should leave the eu anyway . 
   how likely is it that the eu would sign such a `` i do n't want the bad parts of the eu - i just want to cherrypick the good ones '' - deal with the uk ? 
  experience . 
  the reu has already accepted that the uk is not in schengen , not in the euro , gets a budget rebate etc. 
  is it likely that the reu refuses to accept any trade deal with the uk at all ? 
  i agree this is possible , but i think it is quite unlikely , given the other places in the world that have achieved a fta with the eu . 
  however , even if no trade deal with the eu is achieved at all , i think the uk should still leave the eu and then go about a massive deregulation initiative and secure as much free trade with the rest of the world as possible . 
  given a choice between europe and the open sea , i think the uk should choose the open sea . 
  the rest of the world is bigger than europe . 
   for instance in the uk european parliament elections of 2014 , which use a very similar electoral system as in spain , the liberal democrats managed to still get screwed over and get only 1 mep , where as their number of votes alone would have given them 10 . 
  i 'm afraid that 10 figure is total nonsense . 
  you are forgetting just how badly the lib dems did in the eu elections . 
  they did terribly . 
  the maximum number of seats they could have got in a directly proportionate system across the whole country is 5 . 
  also , the d'hont system only does n't work as a proportionate system if the number of representatives in a given area is small . 
  this is not the case in andalucia . 
  also , it is a bit odd to just say that spain has a better voting system than the uk . 
  some people ( like me ) prefer the uk system . 
   sanz hab\u00eda pedido este mi\u00e9rcoles tener cuidado con c 's y apunt\u00f3 que no quiere que en andaluc\u00eda mande un partido que se llama `` ciutadans y su presidente , albert '' , it is hard to understand how bad this is from outside spain . 
  i guess the idea is that it sounds like he is emphasizing the foreigness of c 's and that this foreigness has no place in andalucia . 
  i guess it would be like if a mainstream politician in one part of the uk emphasized the national identity of another political party . 
  i guess you need to be careful about this ... 
  very interesting comments and discussion as always !, 
  when is the next electoral test in spain ? 
   once upon a time , britain entered the erm -- and therefore accepted to keep the fluctuation in the exchange rate between the pound and other member currencies under 6 % -- , a system that aimed to achieve monetary stability within europe and paved the way for the eurozone . 
  then britain failed to comply with said mechanism , black wednesday happened , and simply agreed with its european partners to withdraw . 
  while the uk did end up falling out of the erm , i 'm not sure that this was a breach of an obligation by the uk . 
  separately , as a policy it was completely insane as currencies should be able to float against each other as it reflects underlying strength and weakness of an economy . 
  economic historians in the uk now call `` black wednesday '' , `` white wednesday '' as it enabled the uk economy to recover and was ultimately one of the reasons that kept the uk out of the euro , with the pound , which is what is best for the uk . 
  i agree that the fiscal compact is bullshit and bad for france .
