  the uk and denmark entered the eu together . 
  brits drew a massive amount of inspiration from the danish votes against maastricht and this helped keep the uk out of the euro , so we do owe you a large debt . 
   that 's kind of a vague word there . 
  if the french were `` determined '' to do what ? 
  send riot police in to jail 18,000 people ? 
  send the military in to remand them and ship them off to the nearest african port ? 
  i 'm seriously asking here . 
  is 18,000 the figure ? 
  i have only ever seen estimates of around 5-6 ,000 . 
  france could control its borders better and leave schengen . 
  in relation to genuine asylum seekers , france could do more to process those applications . 
  in relation to those people that do not have a genuine asylum claim , france could seek to deport them . 
  all this is a lot of work , but it is the job of a government . 
   unemployment below 5 % is actually harmful to economy , because it means that there is no qualified workers on job market this is n't really true . 
  employed people are still on the job market . 
  i am employed , but always open to new employment opportunities . 
   so you agree that until schengen is removed ( or each country deports immigrants outside the eu and does n't pass the peoblem to the next schengen country in line ) one can not actually solve the calais problem . 
  at most one can patch up things . 
  i agree that it makes sense for france to control its own borders . 
  with schengen a country is effectively incentivised to let migrants leave their country and become someone else 's problem . 
  there probably are other things that france could do in the meantime but if you do n't control who enters your country your options are quite limited . 
   without putting border controls in place at the franco-italian border ? 
  obviously you put border controls in place . 
  schengen is not some god-given holy commandment . 
  if it results in poor outcomes , then france should man up and abandon it , if that is what the french people want . 
  in my mind this is how democracies are meant to work . 
  just because something is part of the eu acquis it does n't mean it is sensible . 
  the views of the french people in their national democracy are of course more important . 
   even before this crisis , they opened a refugee centre as close to the tunnel as they could get away with for that very reason . 
  [ interestingly , it seems that the french did not bother to consult the uk about opening the most recent camp . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/immigration/12076787/new-threat-to-british-border-as-france-builds-first-official-refugee-camp-for-13-years.html ), 
   calais is the result of schengen sadly . 
  schengen is one of the main factors . 
  i do n't agree that france is not capable of solving calais though , if the french government were really determined they could . 
  i suppose it just depends how much the french feel that schengen is something sacred . 
  there was [ an interesting article on the calais situation in le monde a couple of days ago ] ( http://www.lemonde.fr/societe/article/2015/12/31/a-calais-l-interventionnisme-de-bernard-cazeneuve-en-echec_4840146_3224.html?xtmc=calais&amp;xtcr=16 ) ( excuse the french ) . 
  tl ; dr , while the french home secretary cazeneuve has looked at the situation closely this year and taken various measures , these measures have always been half-baked and not really seeking to solve the underlying problem . 
  it seems like the french do n't feel capable of solving calais and are n't really trying to . 
  it seems like they just accept it . 
  if this were happening in the uk i think it would lead the government to collapse . 
  obviously , there have already been multiple deaths of the migrants . 
  sooner or later there will be a death of a lorry driver or perhaps a calais civilian . 
  at that stage perhaps france will act . 
   with high unemployment are the ones that spawn various terrorists and foreign fighters this . 
  one of the best ways to integrate into normal society is by having normal work . 
  unemployment causes all kinds of indirect problems . 
  the spectacularly slow progress of the policy is already a demonstration of it not working . 
  it ca n't work because refugees do n't want to go to some countries , those countries do n't want them , those countries do n't really have the resources to keep them and there are n't effective borders between these countries . 
  any legislative act that is ignored by the people that it applies to and can not be enforced undermines the rule of law . 
  effectively citizens start to lose confidence in the entire legislative process . 
  the eu is now madly signing pointless laws which it knows can not work and can not be enforced . 
  the uk is right to keep a distance from this kind of thing . 
  it undermines the rule of law , one of the founding constitutional principles of our society . 
  the eu is not a nation and it is not going through a golden age . 
  it is experiencing low growth and mass unemployment and chaotic decision making . 
  there are very many successful small countries in the world that are not in the eu ( switzerland , norway , singapore , new zealand , south korea ) . 
  however , the uk is not small . 
  the uk is the fifth largest economy in the world , one of the largest military powers , a permanent member of the unsc , it has nuclear weapons , it is the home of the global language , the global financial centre , has huge soft power and good relations with nations around the globe . 
  no , it wo n't . 
  the uk staying out of the euro and out of schengen has caused other countries to consider that those things were big mistakes . 
  the eu does so many stupid things i do n't know where to start . 
  look at the state of the eurozone crisis and the immigration crisis to start with . 
  look at the absurd common agricultural policy . 
  the uk will be fine . 
  it will be good for the eu when we leave . 
  you will have our example to look at . 
  it never makes sense to blame institutions rather than people . 
  the institutions are there to serve the people , not the other way round . 
  if the institutions and the people do not match , then we should change the institutions rather than trying to change the people . 
  ukip are not extreme . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not extreme , it is normal . 
  the uk can be a successful country outside the eu like many other successful countries in the world . 
  wanting to improve democracy by moving power from brussels to the uk is a good thing , not an extreme thing . 
  eu immigrants will continue to come to the uk if that is what the uk wants . 
  this is a democratic decision . 
  personally i am in favor of high immigration and , once we have left the eu , will vote accordingly . 
  it is absurd to say the the uk parliament is not capable of putting in place a sensible rights act . 
  the uk has hundreds of years of tradition of ancient liberties . 
  the eu parliament has very low democratic mandate as there is suck low participation in eu elections , most people vote along national lines rather than european lines , there is very little understanding of what the eu parliament does and there is no pan european media scutinising the actions of the eu parliament . 
  ukip are not racist radicals . 
  wanting to leave the eu is n't racist . 
  no , the eu does not protect the every day joe . 
  the uk is capable of designing a system to suit itself . 
  the reu has a smaller economy than the u.s. does , once the uk leaves the reu will not have a larger economy than the u.s. 
  the u.s. also has a considerably larger gdp per capita . 
  actually tariffs and customs only apply if countries specially apply them . 
  the uk will hopefully not apply tariffs because they make no economic sense . 
  personally i would not vote for a government with protectionist policies . 
  the uk does have a democracy , but many decisions are not made in the uk that impact the uk . 
  for example , the eu has imposed a limit on bankers bonuses in the uk . 
  this should be a decision for the british parliament . 
  if power is taken from the british parliament in this regard , democracy is diminished which is very regrettable . 
  the eu does stop the uk forming free trade agreements on its own account . 
  the u.k. a will become more competitive because the uk will remove anti-competitive practices where the eu over-regulates . 
  and in our general election more than 50 percent of voters voted for parties specifically endorsing a referendum . 
  and in our parliament a vast majority of our mps voted for a referendum . 
  and in opinion polls people specifically want a referendum . 
  you do n't have to vote if you feel ignorant . 
  however , fearing the vote of others seems odd . 
  i will certainly be voting to leave .
