  the problem with the esm funding mechanism is that it does not take into account relative wealth . 
  in the uk central taxation does , so your analogy is flawed . 
   suppose an average british municipality went bankrupt . 
  should poorer british municipalities contribute to the bailout or just rich ones ? 
  the money would come out of central government funds of course . 
   you can not have a transfer union without a policy union . 
  yes , of course . 
  it was insanity that the eurozone did not set up appropriate political structures prior to setting up the currency . 
   poor european countries of the euro should not lose money to prop up the euro . 
  that would be incredibly immoral i completely agree with you . 
  the rescue should have come from the richer eurozone countries , not the poorer ones . 
   students can no longer work during their studies this is not xenophobic . 
   easily work here after their studies this is not xenophobic  work visas have a hard cap and so are very hard to obtain this is not xenophobic  settlement visas have an incredibly high income requirement , and even marriage visas have a somewhat high income requirement this is not xenophobic, 
  in what respect are the visa law changes xenophobic ? 
   for example , the promotion of competition . 
  this is not anti-competition . 
   it is n't the eu overstepping it 's bounds . 
  it 's a cheap tact by a lousy government and press ; you might not like the uk government or press , but the government just won an election and the press is free . 
  hopefully the uk leaves the eu as soon as possible so our national democracy stops being undermined . 
   there is always the `` do n't let children go on internet unsupervised '' option which should be the norm really . 
  while i agree that good parenting involves the supervision of children on the interent , this does not mean that the uk parliament , elected by the uk population , should not be able to legislate to require companies to put porn filters on computers which people can disapply . 
  this is the normal working of a national democracy and we undermine it at our peril . 
   with the same rules so we get pan european human rights . 
  there is no reason why rights should be decided at european level rather than national level or global level . 
  many countries outside the echr have great rights records ( e.g. 
  new zealand ) whereas countries inside it ( e.g. 
  russia ) have terrible rights records . 
  there is no such thing as `` neutrality '' when it comes to rights , because the decision over what is a right is partly a political decision , which is why we should allow ultimate questions of what rights are to be formulated , in a democratic way , by politicians . 
   why do the government think they need to get involved at all ? 
  if you want a porn filter buy one . 
  some people are not quite as tech-savvy as you are . 
   small government ? 
  yes , just small enough to fit in my bedroom . 
  if you like watching porn , why on earth have you installed an optional porn filter ? 
   parliamentary decisions can not legitimately overrule inalienable rights of the individual . 
  it was n't god that decided what the `` inalienable rights of the individual '' are . 
  it was man . 
  and man can refine his understanding of them , through the democratic process . 
  i am more than happy for the uk courts to decide that the actions of the uk government are illegal under uk law , this is something that happens frequently . 
  but what is currently happening is not this . 
   was that really the foresight that stopped us joining though ? 
  i felt at the time there was other factors . 
  nationalistic pride being one of them . 
  no , it was not nationalistic pride . 
  there were extensive discussions in the uk houses of parliament specifically pointing out the flaws in the euro 's design . 
  while there were some other voices in other countries pointing out that monetary union needed fiscal union , unfortunately the governments of those countries ignored those voices . 
  fortunately we in the uk listed to the voices of reason coming from the eusceptics . 
   at the end of the day , the eu is a trade union and most people 's anger with lack of solidarity was by trying to make the eu into something it 's not . 
  if it were just a trade union , then there would n't have been a common currency and the treaties would not specifically contain `` ever closer union '' . 
  there would n't also be the various trappings of statehood , external action forces , diplomatic missions , varius presidents , athems and so forth . 
   why is the eu getting involved ? 
  it 's what they do . 
  they get involved with the decisions of a national democracy and overturn them . 
   yes trucidor , this is wonderful news the european left has dropped its mask and allies with the xenophobe far-right . 
  europe must now campaign for the uk to leave the union . 
  the uk is not a xenophobic country and the uk almost has zero far-right . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is of course sensible , just as staying out of the euro was sensible . 
   what about the uk 's involvement in the efsf . 
  should the uk take a write down to prop up the euro ? 
  no , of course the uk should not take a write-down to prop up the euro . 
  the exact reason why the uk stayed out of the euro was to not be part of a fiscal union . 
   so why should anyone take a haircut to prop up a mismanaged country ? 
  i agree , it does not make sense to send good money after bad and therefore greece should leave the euro . 
  however , if you want the euro to succeed , in the long run you need fiscal transfers , so you might as well start now . 
  no , the imf should pressure the eurozone to write off greece 's debt . 
  as mentioned it is a shame that so much time has already been wasted . 
  ask ourselves why this was wasted ? 
  because the is no political will for transfers . 
  if the political agreement to write off as much greek debt as possible were there , the legal and technical barriers would melt away , as new protocols amending the treaties could be signed . 
  real progress could be made in two weeks . 
  stronger more democratic and time consuming bodies could follow . 
  the fact that your never hear these arguments shows that people do n't really believe them . 
  he is not being smug , he is being correct . 
  also , enough of this meme about the uk having to pay to keep your currency union afloat . 
  the uk stayed out of the euro exactly because it would turn into a transfer union . 
  do n't try and drag us into it . 
  no we do n't have such a word , unfortunately . 
  this is wonderful news . 
  the left in the uk are finally waking up . 
  whether you are left or right , it makes sense to oppose the eu because the eu undermines national democracy . 
  both the left and right can agree that this is a disaster waiting to happen . 
  they just had a whole referendum on something that was not possible . 
  i think the fact that the deal is now dead is not going to stop the greek parliament voting on it . 
  why by tomorrow ? 
  we have already passed multiple deadlines . 
  let 's pass a few more . 
  also , the eurozone has had the last five years in which it has been blindingly obvious that a fiscal union is necessary . 
  i can not understand why they are wasting this time . 
  not necessarily . 
  the eurozone could become a transfer union . 
  it has to become one to survive anyway . 
  the imf are the honest ones here . 
  the deal proposed by the eurogroup will destroy greece . 
  eurozoners need to transfer money to greece . 
  no more loans . 
  it is time for gifts . 
  the imf should insist . 
  for italy we say `` exit '' or perhaps `` uscita '' , which is , somewhat beautifully , the italian word for exit . 
  thanks for the heads-up . 
  you 're probably right .
