  more reality tv and 40 % plus of adverts ? 
  i have seen american tv and on average it is terrible . 
  american tv has produced some extraordinary high quality and some extraordinary low quality . 
  ( unsurprising - america is a nation of extremes . ), 
  the good thing about it is that you can choose what you watch . 
  you do n't need to watch the shit stuff . 
   all else being equal , in a situation where a local from uk ca n't support themselves why should the non local be denied the same help ? 
  the purpose of the nation is to protect nationals . 
   and even then , when you want to change and go from a low cost of living to a high cost if living it is going to be much harder to save for a one month safety net than the other way around . 
  for you ( uk ) saving it means saving one fourth of your average salary and for them ( poland ) it means saving four month of average salary . 
  and you need that safety net because the state do n't provide it for the first three month . 
  if we want to be honest , moving around the eu is never going to be something that is entirely equal , because incentives are very different . 
  for example , there is the question of language , which ties into ability to work and settle in a new country . 
  english is the global lingua franca and it is therefore inevitable that english speaking nations will be desirable destinations . 
  the other crucial factors are employment statistics and salaries . 
  people who want to move for work will always go where they are most likely able to work ( and the uk 's very good job creation figures make it very attractive ) . 
  the uk should absolutely not be providing benefits to people to come to the uk . 
  this is insane . 
  i 'm very pro immigration , but people that want to come to the uk should be able to support themselves , via working or private funds . 
   it 's not that fair . 
  because of the difference in living price . 
  it means average english/french/german people can easily go to live in romania/poland but not the other way around . 
  not really . 
  differences in living prices correlate highly to differences in salaries . 
   that 's pretty crucial to a common market though . 
  switzerland does great with making its own free trade agreements independently from the eu and then also being largely part of the common market . 
  i kinda wish britain would become britzerland . 
  you 've really not addressed my point about the failures of the eu to look after the poorest in society , as shown by the devastatingly high unemployment figures in parts of southern europe and the massive austerity inflicted upon them . 
  what people want is work and the best way of creating work is for the markets to create it . 
  this is the main reason why so many people from the reu are travelling to the uk every week , as shown by today 's immigration figures . 
  real reuropeans , every day , move from the `` corporatist '' reu , to work in the `` liberalist '' uk , because they want jobs . 
   i do n't trust our neo-liberal governments with this at all . 
  ultimately you are saying here that you do not trust british democracy ( your fellow voters ) which i find depressing . 
  however , let us be completely realistic here . 
  the eu 's employment legislation does not really guarantee protections for the most vulnerable in society , as is shown by the devastatingly high unemployment figures in many parts of the eu and the austerity that has been visited on them . 
  look at the south of spain for example . 
  meanwhile , the uk under the current government has close to full employment . 
   my mistake . 
  the other two however , were very strongly opposed by thatcher . 
  i also strongly oppose this . 
  this is not something that should be decided at a european level . 
  it is something that should be decided at national level or local level . 
  there is no reason why this should be a brussels competence . 
  we should trust our own democracy with this , just as we trust our own democracy with minimum wages . 
   things like `` maximum working hours '' , `` holiday entitlements '' and `` minimum wages '' come from the eu ; despite thatcher 's attempts to block them . 
  you might want to do a bit more research on this . 
  minimum wages are nothing to do with the eu . 
   eu migrants moving to uk balanced by britons living abroad note that : - the data from this article is out-of-date , relating to figures from 2010 and 2011 ; - even taking the data from the article , there are 500,000 more reuropeans in the uk than brits in the reu ; - my comment was specifically about workers . 
  as your source confirms , a huge amount of the brits in the reu are not working , but retired people . 
   yet people still use ireland as an example of why scotland should n't go independent . 
  do they ? 
  personally i think scotland could do great as an independent country , just as ireland ( more or less ! ), 
  does great . 
   you allow 100k in ? 
  ok , only 100k get out . 
  there are far far fewer brits working in the reu than reuropeans working in britain . 
   migrant quotas or whatever the uk already has an opt-out of migrant quotas and there is no way that the uk will give this up . 
  the question is about getting more opt-outs , not giving up existing ones . 
   the closest english analogue is : if wishes were horses , beggars would ride . 
  this is probably the closest and most frequent translation . 
  sometimes i think the context might prefer : * pigs might fly * or colloquially * if my aunt had balls she 'd be my uncle *, 
   what about the bigger picture , what 's to stop contradictory decisions being made by the public who vote for what they like the sound of ? 
  the swiss seem to be very mature in their way of considering costs of policies and the impact on taxation at the same time that they consider the policy itself . 
   complaining about downvotes is a sure way to get more downvotes . 
  i know i did . 
  this is true , however , the point still stands . 
  people should not downvote opinions they disagree with . 
  subscription service . 
  donations . 
  advertising . 
  there are multiple options . 
   why do you hate the bbc ? 
  i do n't hate the bbc . 
  some things it does well , some things it does badly . 
  i think it could be funded differently . 
  me too . 
  i would definitely vote against the tv licence ... edit - folks , do n't downvote opinions you disagree with . 
  your behaviour is crazy . . 
   at least a quarter of the people in my office went to england for a few years to improve their english and save some money to bring home . 
  wow !, 
  there will ( very likely ) be no comprehensive trade agreement with the eu without a freedom of movement clause . 
  ttip does not have free movement . 
  the eu has free trade arrangements with south korea , turkey etc without free movement . 
  everything is up for discussion ( provided cameron has enough balls ) . 
  on free movement , my starting point is that the uk should not be favoring the reu over the rest of the world . 
  i personally for my business welcome an austrian in the same way that i welcome an australian . 
  what matters to me is the skill set . 
  i therefore do n't really think it makes much sense for the uk to have an immigration policy that prefers one to another . 
  i 'm not religious about free movement though , and as a wealthy middle-class , london living lawyer i do well out of free movement . 
  i can afford a flat in central london . 
  i have a cheap bulgarian cleaner . 
  multiple people from the reu work in london on low salaries providing services for me . 
  however , i acknowledge the impact free movement has on uk infrastructure as well as the brain drain from some of the eu . 
  tldr it is up for discussion . 
  i think it really depends on the terms !, 
  the expression `` associate member '' can potentially mean many different things . 
  my vision for the uk is a uk that is engaged with the reu fully in terms of trade , and also engaged with the reu politically , but the latter from a position of sovereignty . 
  i also think that the uk should not give undue priority to the reu compared to other parts of the world . 
  membership as is , without a repatriation is probably not enough for me . 
  influence on trade legislation is a fundamental thing if the uk is to be part of the single market .
