  am interested ... 
   yes , it is very depressing . 
  so much hate towards us ... 
  i see a lot of hatred towards greeks on this sub and it is not very pleasant . 
  i think it is because greece , having voted for syriza , and because of its role in the eurozone crisis , has shown most clearly the flaws in the eurozone , and the euro was meant to be the jewel in the crown of the european project . 
  you are being blamed for showing that the jewel was but a fake . 
  there is also often hatred to brits in this sub , because of the high level of british euscepticism and also because the uk stayed out of the euro . 
  in a way , by having an economy that was able to cope fine without the euro , we also showed that the jewel was not worth having . 
  and that seems to provoke anger and downvotes on r/europe . 
  ultimately this crisis has shown starkly that the peoples of europe do not see themselves as a peoples and this means that democratic institutions of europe are doomed . 
  this is why i will vote to leave the eu . 
  yeah , i agree with you , the spanish monarchy and spanish culture is a bit different from the north west european monarchies and i think it might not last . 
  i think the north west europe constitutional monarchies are here to stay for the forseeable future . 
  these countries , netherlands , belgium , uk , denmark , sweden and norway have constitutional monarchies as a consequence of underlying political stability and because the monarchies adapted to meet the local needs . 
  i dont see that changing : people in those countries value the political stability that their monarchies represent . 
  i 'm less sure about spain . 
  weather and food compared to pretty much everywhere other than the uk :-( also , attitudes to alcohol and attitudes to family in most of mediterranean europe . 
   idk how much spanish or italian would help you to be honest , i thought french might a bit , but i know atleast from what my family tells me that german is a relatively good bonus , tho its not a must at all , that might be biased tho depending on which industry etc. 
  you work in ? 
  i am a lawyer working in international finance . 
  this by definition involves parties in multiple jurisidictions , which is why even french does n't really help . 
  investors want english language documentation ... 
  i ca n't comment on physics and chemistry , but will trust what you say !, 
   if you want to do any business in continental europe german is a bonus , maybe not always big , but its a bonus ... 
  i do business in continental europe all the time . 
  but all my work is international and invoves documents that will be read by people from multiple countries and therefore must be in english . 
  i speak french , spanish and italian ( not german , shamefully ) but it turns out none of these languages have helped me to date professionally . 
   just as a giant bonus to me this sounds to me one of the key differences . 
  there is n't really such a giant bonus for brits in any professional jobs ( outside a tiny tiny handful ) . 
   to be fair , its the same for atleast half the german population if not more , yet we still learn english ... a big difference is that for germans there is a very obvious choice of second language , which is english . 
  for brits , we do n't have this obvious choice . 
  there is n't really any reason for brits to learn french or german instead spanish or italian or even russian or greek on japanese or arabic . 
  also , british students do generally go on exchange trips . 
  this does n't seem to make them learn other languages though . 
  yes , it is an eu entity . 
  its not an institution that the uk is currently part of . 
  so the uk wo n't be leaving it . 
  my own name has a viking origin . 
  but i look like a celt . 
   im honestly curious as to what the rationale behind this is , or was it a simple case of money/benefits ? 
  i think i 'd be good at it and it is something i am interested in . 
  i think i would add massively to the discourse , as i do on this sub !, 
  the pay was initially a bit of pay-cut from my current position . 
  the euro has fallen in value against the pound since i applied , making it more of a pay-cut . 
  however , on the plus side as a eurocrat my taxes would be incredibly low indeed !, 
  there are various other benefits too . 
   on a personal note it is surprising that the vikings did not have a larger influence on the language than they did . 
  as i understand it they relatively quickly assimilated compared to e.g. 
  the normans . 
  i think it is partly because the language that the vikings spoke , old norse , was not so very different from the anglo-saxon spoken by the english at that time ? 
  so i think it was easier for old norse to be assimilated into the english language . 
  also , i think the vikings in britain were not living so separate lives from the english compared to the normans ? 
  but i do n't know very much about this . 
  there are some words of norse origin from the vikings , which have a direct anglo-saxon equivalent , e.g. 
  `` craft '' and `` skill '' or , `` anger '' and `` wrath '' or `` sick '' and `` ill '' or `` wish '' and `` want '' . 
  many of these words are used interchangeably by brits now or just have subtle differences in meaning but i guess they are all part of the germanic family of vocabulary rather than the romance family ... 
  agreed - it is incredible to think how this linguistic divide is still so strong within the english language today after many hundreds of years have passed since the norman conquest . 
  there is such a strong difference in meaning between `` fatherly '' and `` paternal '' or between `` hearty welcome '' and `` cordial reception '' or between `` lucky '' and `` fortunate '' . 
  even the the word `` shut '' somehow feels stronger than the word `` close '' . 
  native english speakers even now subsconsciously select french words when they are trying to impress their listener but go for germanic words when they want to appeal to emotions !, 
   no italians in an eu entity ? 
  where is this dream place ? 
  germany ... ;-), 
  is it easy to get a professional job in germany not knowing english ? 
   it is n't really . 
  has barley been mentioned during the debates , except by farage of course . 
  how closely are you following the campaigns ? 
  the leading story today is blair 's intervention supporting labour because of the conservative 's plans for a referendum on eu membership . 
  cameron mentioned it multiple times in the debate too . 
   i find it quite reasonable to expect of people wanting to work at the eu that they know a bit of the language necessary to read the legacy documents . 
  there are n't any legacy documents that are n't written in english . 
  also , there is no requirement to know french . 
  the only reason i went for french was because there happened not to be an italian speaker around . 
  had i been more strategic i could have told them in advance that i only wanted to do english and italian . 
  if my other language was dutch or latvian or bulgarian or any other official language that would have been acceptable too . 
   to a lot of esperanto ( in form of esperanto-based language ) in 1984 . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to write here ? 
   fun fact : there are more french words in the english language than there are germanic ones . 
  but the germanic ones have a much stronger english feeling !, 
  the germanic words are part of our hearts and our loins : we shit , fuck and love in germanic . 
  the french words are academic : we study , consider and reflect in french . 
  i think our educational system also does n't really try that hard either . 
  however , i agree that the fundamental barrier is the lack of need . 
  i do n't think any kind of legislative solution is remotely capable of changing anything . 
  eunglish not only sounds awful but it also looks bad !, 
  the `` eun '' collection of letters is not one which is used very often in english to start words . 
  something like `` englopean '' is much more aesthetic and i would just about accept `` earthish '' for something more international . 
  or maybe `` englernational . . '', 
  if there were a nicer word for it i too would be pleased ... 
  i think at this stage it would be worth finding the study ... 
   i do n't think it will happen . 
  and i do n't really care , i speak english . 
  if you yourself do n't care about speaking esperanto , then you can probably understand why nobody else cares about it either ... 
  the declaration on european identity is but a tiny footnote of european history though ... 
   not with esperanto . 
  i would be ok with a language designed only to be the language of an united europe this is surely a very minority opinion in france . 
  are there any mainstream politicians promoting esperanto ? 
  how many french people speak esperanto ? 
  do you speak it ? 
   see the declaration on european identity of 1973 .
