  often these types of people are making a fast buck in london before going back to e.g. 
  new zealand or are young people doing lots of travelling or have some out of work passion like writing a novel which is their priority or have family commitments or something . 
   did you maybe work as a freelancer ? 
  i had various jobs with zero hours contracts while i was a student - working in hotels , cinemas , restaurants , bars , shops and the like . 
   and you want to work 3 hours that week , then there is no guarantee that your employer will not give you 20 hours that week . 
  in the uk there are shortages of staff in a lot of areas . 
  i almost always got as much work as i wanted because they always needed workers . 
  this suited me perfectly . 
  some people do not want to be contractually obliged to work for 8 hours in a week . 
  they might want to work 3 hours one week , 20 hours the following week and zero hours the week after that . 
  some people want flexibility and it is a shame for them if they are not allowed it . 
   it only gives flexibility for the employer , not for the employee . 
  you have no idea how this works , do you ? 
  employees get a lot of flexibility from zero hours contracts . 
  i have worked on a zero hours contract when i was a student . 
  it suited my needs perfectly . 
  being locked into fixed hours would not have suited my studies . 
  this would have made it much harder for me to complete my studies . 
   brexit was a mistake you 've dressing up as a reasoned chess move . 
  it was n't a mistake . 
  we are glad we are leaving the eu . 
   that 's a niche british voter concern . 
  it is a concern of the conservative party . 
  they are a big niche . 
   may will have to cross her red lines or its a hard brexit . 
  may wants a hard brexit . 
  the british people want a hard brexit . 
  the labour party want a hard brexit . 
  we are about to have a general election in which the majority of the voters vote for parties promising a hard brexit . 
  i am not sure how you can threaten us with a hard brexit when it was our decision to have a hard brexit . 
   the eu will not discover a flexibility it never had just for the uk . 
  the eu does not need to be flexible . 
  we both want a hard brexit , which is fantastic . 
  both the uk and the eu can be happy because they both get what they want . 
  a lot of people do want it because they want flexibility and in practice they end up with work when they want it . 
  what about those people that want zero hours contracts ? 
   \u2022 first , these provisions closely follow those of gats and its annex on financial services ,16 of which canada and the european union are signatories . 
  i agree , ceta has not been very ambitious with services . 
  once the uk is out of the eu , we will put in place a new arrangement with canada which is much more ambitious . 
  we will also unilaterally liberalise in the uk ( note that the uk already allows foreign services providers extensive access to the uk markets ) . 
   \u2022 second , although ceta provides the possibility for the free movement of financial services and the individuals who supply them , many regulatory and licensing requirements are likely to remain in place the uk should - in order to remain open and liberal - ensure continued easy access to the uk 's markets from around the globe . 
   ok if you can wait 7 years , have several hundred exceptions to access for services , no passporting , no agriculture . 
  proof of origin of every good exported . 
  the length of time depends on the political will . 
  if the eu is slow , then that was a good reason to leave . 
  we do n't need passporting provisions . 
  as you have suggested , it is true that the eu is very protectionist , and that is a shame . 
  however , that is one of the main reasons why the uk is leaving . 
   and still , the eu will insist on ecj supremecy and rights for eu citizens . 
  the uk is going to give rights to eu citizens currently in the uk and has been clear about this for months . 
  obviously , the ecj will not have supremacy in the uk going forwards - just as the uk 's supreme court will not have supremacy in the eu and just as the ecj does not have supremacy in canada . 
  please try and be realistic here . 
  ceta contains provisions relating to trade in services . 
  the eu/singapore fta contains provisions relating to trade in services . 
  the eu/uk fta will contain provisions relating to trade in services . 
   the eu wo n't compromise on that . 
  we already know that the eu compromises on ecj and free movement , because it did with canada . 
   the canadian fta would n't even suit the uk anyway . 
  it needs something that works for services , not only goods , the canadian fta does contain provisions for services . 
  of course , the uk/eu one will contain more provisions for services etc , like the singapore one . 
  this will work well for the uk . 
   the problem in this case is that there is n't enough time to close the gap in the positions because may has already lashed herself to the mast of no ecj , no free movement . 
  eu needs to accept the uk position here . 
  eu manages to accept the canadian position of no ecj and no free movement , so it can accept the uk one too . 
   but gave examples for what they would get that is clearly equal to a single-market access . 
  any citation of this ? 
  also , the term `` single market access '' is not in my view a good term because it has no precise meaning . 
  every country in the world has access to the single market of some form or another . 
  obviously , the uk does not want to be a member of the single market . 
  however , obviously the uk will still have access to the single market , like every other country in the world . 
  the debate is the nature of that access . 
   had n't any real regard of hard - and soft brexit , the terms hard and soft brexit were not used before the referendum by either side . 
  the leave side were clear that we should leave the single market and the customs union . 
  as someone who voted leave , this was very important to me . 
  while it is technically true that the referendum was a simple leave/remain question , both the leave side and the remain side were clear that if we voted leave we would leave the single market and that the eea did not make sense for the uk . 
  we are about to have a general election in which the british people will decide whether or not we want to be in the single market . 
  labour party , tories , ukip are now all already clear that we will leave the single market . 
  lib dems are now the only national party wanting single market and they will get less than 10 % of votes . 
  next month there will be clear red lines from the british people about the single market . 
  we want to leave it . 
  this also makes sense for eu too - you can get on with your thing while we get on with ours . 
  this new arrangement will be best for everyone . 
   i agree that may was the one that started that stupidity with her red lines and such bullshit . 
  the red lines are coming from the british people . 
  obviously , we will not accept that eu law has primacy over uk law any more once we leave the eu . 
  may 's red lines are simply a recognition of this . 
    then you are admitting that you can not thus uphold the good friday agreements . 
  uk is upholding its side . 
   again , they are still not getting any clarification on any of the matters i just said , that are vitally important for their economy as well as social life . 
  they are getting lots of clarification . 
  uk and ireland and eu are all committed to no hard border . 
  uk is committed to free trade . 
   by accepting the uk then gibraltar would have to be included unless it is to be treated like greenland but that requires to be passed by gibraltar or the uk ( depending on who has the right legislative competences ) . 
  that 's how the procedure goes for such a thing , and it would need to be done for every single tax haven and dependency under british jurisdiction . 
  gibraltar is not part of the uk . 
   these would require years upon years of work to fully be plugged because obviously the eu would not want external tax havens to have privileged access . 
  those tax havens currently do n't have priviledged access . 
  channel isles are not part of the eu . 
  how eu negotiates with them is up to you and them . 
   not really ok , i am happy about it , but you are not happy .
