  it has turned out to be germany writ large . 
   maybe a smaller union is needed at first . 
  which countries would be in your smaller union out of interest ? 
   you can not be serious read some history about the expansion of the eu into eastern europe . 
   france pushed for a single currency harder than germany ? 
  yes . 
  weirdly germany was reluctant to have a single currency and instead france wanted it because it thought this would be a mechanism to stop germany becoming too dominant . 
  funny how that turned out . 
  even if you read that currently 20 % of the reu 's trade is with the uk ( though you have not sourced this statement ) this does not mean that if there were no trade deal between the reu and the uk that this trade would be lost . 
  a trade deal is not an agreement to trade , it is instead an agreement to facilitate trade via the reduction of tariffs and mutual recognition of standards . 
  even without these agreements , trade continues . 
  the volume of trade may be impacted , but it is incorrect to imply that no trade would take place . 
  the uk is hardly going to sanction the reu is it ? 
   what is open borders that saw them pass through turkey and serbia , supported by the governments in question ? 
  turkey and serbia are incentivised to pass on migrants and migrants are incentivised to travel across multiple countries because there are open borders all the way to germany . 
  if you change the incentives , the behaviour of partipants changes . 
   the market crash caused a lot of non-eu countries significant harm , eventually trying to make deals with the imf and other goverments . 
  romania even benefited from the esm as well as the imf despite not being in the euro . 
  the immediate impact of the market crash hurt the entire globe . 
  what has been noticable has been that the eurozone has recovered from the market crash far worse than the rest of the globe and the eurozone 's design turned a banking crisis into a sovereign debt crisis . 
  the arab spring was entirely exterior though the migrant crisis would have looked very different without open borders . 
  the russian invasion was almost completely exterior , but the euro crisis was of the eu 's own making . 
   so should wales have its own currency then ? 
  there are significant fiscal transfers from the richer parts of the uk to the poorer parts of the uk , most taxation is central , almost all borrowing is central , the bank of england acts as a lender of last resort to all uk banks . 
  this is all completely different from what happens in the eurozone . 
  hopefully you will be able to fix the eurozone so that far more money is transferred from the richer parts to the poorer parts and change the treaties to reflect that and get the peoples of the eurozone to endorse those changes in referendums . 
  good luck with that . 
   because a project that has been in place for the last 60 years must depend on something that 's been happening since last year . 
  the eu 's gold standard achievements have been ( i ) expanding into eastern europe , ( ii ) the single market , ( iii ) the single currency and ( iv ) the schengenzone . 
  the first two were pushed by the uk harder than anyone else . 
  the second two were pushed harder by france than anyone else and the uk wisely stayed out of them . 
  the first two have been largely successful . 
  the second two have been total disasters . 
   ah the forever solution to a poorly working economy : devaluate . 
  [ you do know that this is what the european central bank is currently doing , do n't you ? 
  ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pressconf/2015/html/is150305.en.html ) the pound does not just depreciate against the eur , it rises and falls . 
   and look how well being independent works out . 
  the mistake was entering the erm , and then trying to stay in it despite the fact that the british economy was performing much more poorly than the german economy . 
  the mistake was not coming out of it . 
  nobody in the uk thinks that the pound should not now float freely against the eur . 
  it is exactly the memory of black wednesday that is the reason why the uk does not want to have an exchange rate fixed to the german currency . 
  the uk 's economy is not the same as the german economy and its economic cycles do n't exactly match the german economic cycles . 
  not being in a currency union with germany allows the uk to have a different monetary policy and let the pound depreciate and appreciate depending on the underlying performance of the economy . 
  thanks . 
  you wrote :  if it does n't negotiate a trade deal , britain will suffer and the eu will lose 20 % of its trade income i wanted to know how you reached the 20 % figure . 
   if it does n't negotiate a trade deal , britain will suffer and the eu will lose 20 % of its trade income leading to a complete collapse of the euro and massive recession in the uk . 
  where are you getting your numbers from ? 
  no , i do care about british citizenship , but do you ? 
  if british citizenship for you means being able to continue to live outside britain , where you have lived for more than 15 years , perhaps you do n't really consider yourself british ? 
   all that 's necessary for them to be very much impacted by this referendum is that they have no other nationality available to them , because the decision has a very large impact on their rights of residence . 
  if they are british citizens , they have rights of residence in the uk . 
  if they want right of residence in another country , then the fact that they have lived there for more than 15 years and want to stay there permamently makes me think that they should now seek citizenship of that other country . 
   if their ability - as a uk citizen - to make a permanent home in another country is dependent on the uk 's membership of the eu this is n't true though . 
  plenty of brits are resident all over the world in countries that are not in the eu . 
  is ireland really going to tell britsh nationals that have lived in ireland for more than 15 years they have to leave ? 
  this sounds fanciful . 
  i do n't think the irish government operates in this way . 
   one either cares for one 's citizens because they are citizens , or the concept of citizenship becomes rather meaningless , or at least a very one way street . 
  as a citizen you are entitled to all kinds of consular protection and so forth . 
  however , if you have lived in ireland for 15 years and want to live in ireland permanently ( but somehow fear that ireland will kick you out if the uk leaves the eu ) perhaps it is time to get irish nationality ? 
   if anything , the decision would have a larger impact on those who have been ex-pat for longer . 
  and although they 're ex-pats , they 're still uk citizens . 
  while they are uk citizens and will be impacted , they have made a permanent home elsewhere , may well have acquired voting rights/dual nationality in another jurisdiction , are unlikely to be paying taxes in the uk and may well not intend ever to live in the uk again . 
  given this i would not be minded to extend the franchise to them ( and consider that the costs of changing the franchise in this way to be disproportionate to the benefits ) . 
   see , i 'd say that if irish people in the uk are allowed ( since it will affect them ) , it would be logical to allow uk ex-pats . 
  the rationale for including irish people in the uk is not because it will affect them , but is a practical decision because irish people in the uk are already on the franchise for all uk elections . 
  ( after all , citizens of other eu countries resident in the uk could also be affected , but they will not be on the franchise . ), 
  the uk has broadly two franchises : ( i ) the general election franchise which includes uk citizens in the uk , uk citizens that have been overseas for less than 15 years and irish and commonealth citizens resident in the uk and ( ii ) the local and eu election franchise which includes most of the general election franchise ( other than uk citizens who are entitled to vote in the eu elections in another member state ) and also other eu citizens resident in the uk . 
  removing irish people in the uk from the franchise in the uk generally would be incredibly fraught and raise all kinds of issues and it is simply not possible to address these within the timeframe . 
  there also is n't much appetite among the british public to remove the franchise from irish people in this way . 
   it would be logical to allow uk ex-pats the vast majority of uk expats have been resident in the uk within the last 15 years so will likely be on the franchise already . 
  i am comfortable with that . 
   mind you , i 'm not sure irish in the uk will get a vote in this referendum ? 
  the legislation proposed by the house of commons gives irish people resident in the uk a vote in this referendum . 
  however , the franchise is up for debate . 
   if it 's planning on introducing restriction for eu workers ( french , german , polish or bulgarian ) then it 'll have to leave the eea . 
  let 's hope that the uk does leave the eea . 
  though being in the eea but not in the eu would be better than the current arrangement . 
  in london it was also an incredibly warm day on sunday with uncharacteristic sunshine . 
  on monday the fog was so thick that as i began my walk to work over southwark bridge i could not see the other side of the river . 
   ( like i said , there is a danger that the uk will remain in , so positive change is always positive . . ) this is why it is essential that the leave vote is as high as possible even if we do not win . 
  we need to put the fear of god into brussels . 
  i remain somewhat optimistic that leave can win though and the more i read about the `` reforms '' the more optimistic i become . 
   probably have a better idea about tory schizophrenia on the eu and the internal mess on the subject the fact that the tories are schizophrenic does not make me any more likely to sympathise with or make excuses for the government !, 
   i suppose that is at least party our fault for reading too far into various statements and probably from having too much optimism for positive change and assuming it was shared ... 
  if the government imply things which the public believe i think the government should take all the blame and the public none whatsoever . 
  i have high standards for government behaviour !, 
   to a certain extent the government and various political parties have been vague about the extent and timetable for reform , other political parties have been vague , but they can not do anything about this as they are not the government . 
  once again , i am going to hold the government to a higher standard than other political parties . 
   that said , even if the uk got 100 % of what cameron is suggesting , it would n't change my position ( as that does n't go far enough , obviously if there were significant reforms that might be different , but that is n't even slightly on the table . . ) me neither . 
  whatever cameron achieves , i will vote to leave . 
  however , i still would prefer the government to stick to its ambitious mandate of reform , rather than tinkering round the edges and achieving the status quo with some trivial window-dressing . 
  the fact that i will vote to leave does not mean that i do n't also think that the government should try and do what it was mandated to do in the last election . 
   i do n't think government policy has changed i disagree . 
  the clearest expositions of the renegotiation and reform strategy were set out in the [ bloomberg speech ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-speech-at-bloomberg ) and the [ telegraph article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/eureferendum/10700644/david-cameron-the-eu-is-not-working-and-we-will-change-it.html ) . 
  these positions , though somewhat vague , implied a significantly greater reform than the one being undertaken . 
   all the government can do is attempt to make changes , anything more requires the eu to play ball , and i 'm not sure it will . 
  the government can take the position that if the eu does not play ball , the government will recommend that we should leave . 
  if the government 's position was that we would stay in the eu even if the reform and renegotiation did not happen , it would have been better for them to make that clear at the start . 
   ( and as someone who did n't vote for this government and ca n't really envisage any conditions under which i might . . ) it surprises me that you are not calling out this renegotiation for what it is : a sham .
