  that 's fine , i am pretentious . 
  the consensus is that we will not be voting in the next eu elections . 
  the uk government 's timetable is to being negotiating this month and the treaties indicate leaving two years later . 
  i suspect this is what will happen . 
  even if we have `` transitional periods '' , i do not think that this will involve us voting in the eu elections . 
  we already send joke candidates to the european parliament , can you imagine the types of people we would send if we voted in 2019 ? 
   mark my words , pis will join le pen in ep after tories are gone and later on they will join them in a fight against the union with a new budget . 
  next eu elections will have a fundamental realignment . 
  currently there are three main eusceptic blocs , ecr , efdd and enl . 
  this is because of uk domestic politics ( neither tories or ukip could be in one of the main groups and they also could n't be in the same group as each other and they also could n't be in the same group as front national ) . 
  once the brits are out , this dynamic will change ... 
   if the independence campaign can be faulted for anything , it seems it can be faulted for not being brazen and audacious in it 's statements . 
  they were audacious . 
  recession ? 
  end of western civilisation ? 
   fyi to all the britts in here : it was us who introduced tea in england , not asterix as it is commonly believed . 
  so show some respect , peasants . 
  grateful thanks !, 
  we will be making use of it again , i am sure , 
   longest military alliance in the world ( with britain ) . 
  i have a faint memory of this going more in there advantage than in ours , but what the hell , they 're good fellas !, 
  yeah , sorry about that pink flag thing !, 
  but over the years it has been a good thing for both of us !, 
  long may it continue !, 
   something quite `` surprising '' for young people as they do n't seems very much alike i guess . 
  what uk and portugal had in common was being ocean facing and therefore maritime powers . 
  that was more important than anything else !, 
   if you want true unbiased reporting , the finacial times is best . 
  those guys are souless acountants that only care where the money will come from . 
  i am a fan of the ft , but i do n't agree that it is n't political . 
  it has a strong establishment bias for example . 
   whatever is this , a union in europe where sovereign countries are not allowed to leave ? 
  it is one in which the will of the people are listened to . 
  most scottish people do not want a referendum now . 
   may ca n't hold scotland hostage just because of the incompetence of the tory government . 
  most scottish people do not want another referendum at the moment . 
   does this mean that it - wo n't - happen or just that it will be part of negotiations ? 
  part of the negotiations . 
   that can now start earlier , which is what the eu wanted , an early decision on invoking article 50 . 
  looks like final week of march . 
  i have reported bigotry a few times here . 
   people hate it without understanding it no , most people do n't hate it . 
   as i 've said : the possibility of actually leaving the eu was not taken seriously by pretty much anyone it was taken seriously by the scottish government . 
  they specifically mentioned it in their white paper , scotland 's future . 
   aye , cameron had mentioned this in the past , and said he strongly wanted such a referendum to happen , but it was n't until early 2015 that this became a clear direction for the tory party itself no , it was completely clear from january 2013 that it was conservative party policy to have a referendum . 
  you knew this last time you voted on independence . 
  you already knew that the uk might leave the eu . 
  if you did not know this , you were not paying attention . 
   you 're in denial . 
  you are asserting something without providing any evidence for it . 
   english identity is much more common than british identity , easy to google it . 
  among older people , british identity is much more common . 
   no , the commitment came in the 2015 general election [ no , the commitment came in on 23 january 2013 , read the bloomberg speech . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-speech-at-bloomberg ) when scottish people last voted on independence , scotland already faced the possibility of leaving the eu , because of the uk referendum on brexit . 
   it seemed pretty obvious to me . 
  british identity is something more inclusive and multicultural . 
  socially conservative people will be more likely to identify as english . 
  to me it is the opposite . 
  older people are more patriotic , support the monarchy and british institutions hence of course they identify as british . 
  older people have a far greater attachment to the uk than younger people do , therefore identify as british . 
  younger people who dislike the uk are less likely to identify as british . 
   but english only identity is most common among older people i disagree with you . 
   are aware that scotland is being `` subsidised by england '' and are n't very happy about i do n't think most people even think this , let alone are not happy about it . 
  as a london-based higher tax-paying person , i am more than happy for those taxes to be distributed appropriately among the more needy . 
   the tabloids whip people up into a frenzy about it every now and then . 
  i do n't read the tabloids , but this would really surprise me . 
   ukip also tried to make an issue of it last election . 
  they did mention it in their manifesto , but i do n't think it was the kind of thing that made any meaningful difference to the campaign . 
   in england , it 's mainly the old who identify as english , and young/minorities who identify as british . 
  no , older people identify more as british . 
   cameron did not commit to an eu referendum until the general election of 2015 [ no , he committed to it in 2013 . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/eu-speech-at-bloomberg )  he thought he was either going to lose or wind up in a coalition which would allow him to not go through with it . 
  even had there been a coalition with the lib dems , there would have been a referendum . 
  it was a red line for the tories , but not for the lib dems . 
   there was a poll here that showed a 50-50 indyref vote , the highest leave has ever polled . 
  there 's clearly been a huge shift since brexit . 
  you do n't follow this closely , do you ? 
   one of the guarantees scotland got for staying in the uk was the uk staying in eu . 
  it was n't a guarantee . 
  at the time of the last scottish referendum , there was considerable uncertainty about the uk 's long-term future in the eu . 
  cameron had already committed to a referendum . 
  i love europe . 
   we were talking about eu residents who could vote at the last referendum and might not in the next one , why are you talking about americans all of the sudden ??? 
  because as a matter of electoral law , the rights of eu citizens and us citizens are going to be the same . 
   barnett is deeply unpopular among the english it is n't deeply unpopular . 
  most people do not know what it is . 
   i see , but would n't it be a legal clusterfuck ? 
  in the last referendum , americans living in scotland could not vote . 
  that was n't a legal clusterfuck . 
   i feel like calling the english arrogant is n't really an insult but more an observation . 
  no , it is bigotry . 
  bigotry has no place in / r/europe . 
  please stop posting bigoted remarks and read the rules . 
   but if the referendum takes place in 2018-19 , i do n't think the uk will effectively be out of the eu yet . 
  then it would be the same than the last referendum i assume and eu residents will vote . 
  technically , though , work on the franchise is on-going . 
  nobody thinks that the uk will be voting in the eu elections in 2019 , so it might already be the case that eu citizens will be still on the franchise by the time of the next sindy referendum . 
  / u/kotlover _ mcpew  arrogant englishmen is this kind of thing acceptable here ? 
   bellends like the english . 
  really ?
