  when the uk considers the size of the eu market , you need to subtract the uk share of that market . 
   if you were a bank , would you go to where you could sell to 500mn or 65mn people ? 
  again , where did you get that 500m figure from ? 
  interestingly , there is very little cross-border retail banking within the eu . 
  most individual consumers use banks in their own countries . 
  financial services in the city of london deal with professional corporate clients , and deal with these all over the world . 
  lol . 
  [ this kind of thing happens in ireland too ... ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jul/18/postman-turns-detective-to-deliver-letter-with-cryptic-address-in-ireland ), 
  i agree with your analysis . 
  essentially the eu ( eurozone ) and the uk were on different paths from the day that the uk opted out of the euro . 
  leaving the eu now is just a recognition of that fact ... 
   after all , you have to take into account that the british people who voted leave undermined practical interests of people living outside of the uk . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
  in what way are the practical interests of the italians or the danes or the bulgarians undermined ? 
   the effects of the referendum vote are not magically contained to the uk itself - the decision has consequences for everybody in europe , and these consequences prompt justified reactions . 
  the effects of the referendum will in my view be positive for everyone in europe , not just positive for the uk . 
  firstly it will prompt an existential debate about the eu in the rest of europe . 
  leaving the eu will no longer be something that is beyond discussion . 
  this will be good for political debate . 
  we know that the eu does not lead a country to economic success . 
  we can see examples of countries that are not economically successful in the eu . 
  we know that being in the eu is not necessary for economic success . 
  we can see examples of countries that are economically successful outside the eu . 
  simply , the eu is not really relevant to economic success . 
  much more important is the way a country is governed . 
  this is true for the uk just as it is true for other countries . 
   no , the uk was a mess in the 70s because it was n't part of the eec , and the commonwealth did n't work as well ( at least at the time ) as a market . 
  not really . 
  the uk was simply not run in a sensible way in the 70s . 
  this is nothing to do with the eec or the commonwealth - it was a problem purely of our own making . 
  thatcher 's privatisations , deregulations were what caused the uk 's better performances from the 80s onwards . 
   if it is the latter , a past versus future comparisons makes complete sense . 
  i agree with you that we can of course isolate some variables and using certain assumptions use them to conclude some things about the consequences of the uk voting to leave the eu and again , when we do leave , the consequences of leaving . 
  the debate is definitely one worth having , though i think it might be hard to convince anyone that wanted remain that leave was correct and vice versa . 
  ( like all political debates ... ), 
  just do n't criticise any people as a whole . 
  criticising people that do not want their country to be in the eu makes no sense . 
  personally i am glad that the uk is following the french on this one . 
   i still have faith that in the near future such leaders will emerge in the eu sadly for you the current generation of political leaders in the eu seem to be moving away rather than toward your goal . 
   you ca n't force multinationals to stay in a country if they do n't want to or it does n't make sense to - do n't be stupid . 
  the uk can put in place a regulatory framework that makes the uk more attractive . 
  the reason why finance came to the uk in the first place was not because anyone forced it , but because it was attractive . 
  as an aside , i think it is fantastic that many eu countries are suddenly trying to make themselves more attractive to finance and it is a shame that they did not think about this years ago . 
  we will all benefit from brexit . 
   i think the general consensus definitely is that ` we ' got it wrong . 
  no , there is no consensus on this . 
   49 % of us thought so at the time , too . 
  48 %  the problem is we commoners ca n't do much to change it . 
  we commoners want to leave the eu . 
  we voted to leave the eu . 
  it is good that the government is listening to us . 
  it was a currency pegging mechanism , but it did show that the uk and germany should not share a currency . 
  in fact , learning from our history within the erm was probably the single most important reason why the uk stayed out of the euro . 
  had we been in the euro we would have endured the same kinds of problem that we experienced in the erm ( that we see greece etc experience now ) but we would have had no easy escape . 
  my hope is that the uk ends up joining efta . 
   ( sick man of europe to great growing economy ) margaret thatcher ( pbuh ) . 
  not really . 
  germany and the uk have different economies partly because they have different competitive advantages and very different histories/cultures/legal systems/political systems and so forth . 
  when germany and the uk did try to fix their currencies together in the old erm it did not work for the british economy . 
   i wonder what the british people would 've voted if they were n't told those fairytales and lies . 
  without the fairytales and lies told by the remain campaign i suspect that the british people would have voted overwhelmingly for leave . 
  i do n't think there was any realistic scenario in which remain could have won . 
  put simply , the problem was not so much the way in which the remain side were trying to sell the eu . 
  the problem was their product . 
  british people just did not like it . 
  indirectly this attitude did influence the debate in interesting ways : - because most brits are sceptical and cynical about the eu , the remain campaign was forced to campaign on the negative consequences of leaving rather than the positive things about the eu . 
  british people just do not trust any of the positive arguments for the eu that euphiles/federalists sometimes make . 
  - because there is low trust of eu institutions and politicians in the uk , the remain campaign made sure that almost no eu politicians came to the uk to campaign for us to remain - some remainers consistently argued/implied that leavers were somehow immoral and unenlightened and generally part of the great unwashed . 
  this kind of thing i think annoyed lots of british people and made them more resolved to vote leave . 
  that is interesting . 
  what made you change your view ? 
   actually i strongly believe the uk would be on par with germany as an exporting nation , had it adopted the euro . 
  we would n't . 
  our economy is not very german . 
   i am just admiring your people 's steadfastness and resolution . 
  i am not sure if the british people are very good at enduring pain ( compared to , for example , the russians ) but so far we have not endured any . 
  unemployment is extremely low , growth is still high , economic indicators are mostly good and we are still spending all our money on our credit cards every month . 
  the more i read this kind of comment , the more convinced i become that the british people were right to vote `` leave '' . 
  the true believers in the eu are on some kind of deranged moral crusade . 
  this kind of ideological zeal always ends up causing pain . 
  relations are somewhat tense , you are correct . 
  that is the nature of a divorce . 
  however , relations were already tense because the eu and the uk wanted different things . 
  given that they wanted different things , in the long run it made no sense for them to be together . 
   by that extension , it would take another 10 years to see the `` real effects '' - so we will see then . 
  in a sense we will always argue over this because we will never be able to compare the consequences of voting leave with the consequences of voting remain . 
  there is no control for this experiment . 
  this vote changed the course of history , not just in some temporary minor way , but in some dramatic and fundamental way . 
  as such , i am not sure if we can really measure its consequence in ten years or so . 
  it is a bit like trying to work out whether or not the french revolution was a good idea . 
  from this side of the channel it seems like it is still to early to tell . 
   i just think that british people were bamboozled and regret the brexit now . 
  i do n't think that there are many people that regret voting leave . 
  if anything , since the referendum i suspect that more people have become convinced that voting leave was the correct course of action . 
   so we have a complex negotiation ahead in relation to preventing smuggling across the eu / uk border in ni . 
  i do n't think this will be too tricky . 
  uk and ireland can just copy what takes place on the norway/sweden border , which seems relatively straightforward . 
  eu has a veto over customs ( in respect of the customs union ) and over trade agreements ( in respect of the eu ) and over passport free travel ( in respect of the schengen area ) . 
  ireland is in the first two of these but not in the latter . 
  i do n't have a source to hand unfortunately .
