  germany is still doing more or less fine ... you 're probably right , quantative easing is probably best for the eurozone as a whole right now . 
  however , there are huge political and legal obstacles before that can happen . 
  the current set of eu politicians do n't look like they are planning on chaning much . 
  so i think there is likely to be endless economic recession in portugal for a while yet . 
  northern europe does n't have deflation and endless economic recession . 
  [ i have a non-threatening regional accent ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzfzaoooeou ), 
  this is basically why the eu is doomed to fail . 
  northern europe and southern europe have different interests . 
  the eu is currently negotiating a fta with the us . 
  the eu is unlikely to expand to include countries like canada or mexico because those countries are likely not to want to join . 
  some people in the uk want this too . 
  fortunately not too many of them . 
  the icelandic currency did fall drastically compared to the euro during the financial crisis , that is true . 
  but in the long term this has actually been good for iceland and has helped them export . 
  personally i think it would make sense if portugal were able to depreciate its currency . 
  for example , the uk has deliberately depreciated its currency and this has now lead to strong growth in the uk ( and the uk has also avoided high unemployment ) . 
  in the medium term iceland got a significantly better deal than portugal . 
  they have kept unemployment relatively low ( differently from portugal ) , they have started already repaying bilateral loans and they are now comfortably able to borrow from the financial markets ( differently from portugal ) . 
  also , while icelanders might not have liked austerity , there is a stronger belief in iceland that it came about as a result of a democratic process ( national referendum etc ) . 
  differently in portugal there is a sense that austerity has been imposed on them by foreign powers . 
  i think this is why iceland , despite having a dramatic financial crisis , remains eusceptic . 
  while the financial crisis itself was devastating for iceland , their ability to negotiate bi-lateral bail-outs , devalue their currency and have a public referendum on whether or not they wanted to bail out their banks were all things that would have been much harder or impossible within the eurozone . 
  the icelandic recovery has also been much quicker than the portuguese recovery . 
  the problem with the eu is not the smaller economies . 
  luxembourg , finland etc are small economies but do fine . 
  it is the uncompetitive economies . 
  so far the eu has not been successful at making these economies more competitive , though i suppose time will tell . 
  thanks . 
  i guess ( as was discussed in that thread ) my view is that when people express concern about rising prices they are really exprssing concern about a growing differential between their income and their expenditure ( i.e. 
  becoming poorer ) . 
  the concern is not really about inflation per se . 
   the ecb could easily afford to buy some public debt of southern countries , without any negative effect on stability in the north . 
  this is not going to go down well in the parliaments of northern countries . 
  the telegraph and the guardian have very different readerships . 
  the guardian readership ( within the uk ) is much smaller , more metropolitan and almost exclusively middle-class . 
  the online version of the guardian has quite a large overseas readership too . 
  the telegraph readership is more rural and represents `` middle england '' . 
  the difference between the telegraph demographic and the mail demographic is not actually that big ( there are people that buy both ) . 
  inflation has never been the main concern of the majority of eu citizens . 
  however , the ecb does have [ price-stability as its overriding objective ] ( http://www.ecb.europa.eu/mopo/intro/objective/html/index.en.html ) . 
  this objective can not be changed without changing the eu treaties . 
  currently most member states do not want to consider treaty change . 
  the worrying state of the french economy has been widely discussed across the full plurality of press both in britian and overseas . 
  ( obviously , all news coverage is biased . ), 
  yes , but that fluctuation in 2009 related specifically to the icelandic financial crisis . 
  the long term lesson learnt by the icelanders subsequent to that financial crisis is that they are better able to manage the crisis on their own than in the eu . 
  compare iceland 's experience to greece , cyprus or portugal . 
  given this , it is unlikely that iceland will become more keen to join the eu in the forseeable future . 
  the eu has [ a huge amount of free trade agreements with non-eu countries ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements ) . 
  there is no reason why taxes need to be involved or quantities need to be smaller . 
  popular opinion in these countries is not becoming more pro-eu . 
  if anything , they are becoming less likely to want to join the eu . 
  the uk will still be able to import from germany once it leaves the eu . 
  germany is not going to want to lose part of its export market . 
  i do n't think the norwegians , swiss or icelanders will ever vote to join the eu . 
  i think there is a good chance that the uk will vote to leave it . 
  better alternative means that employees leave when they get a better job . 
  dropping `` who am '' is a good solution . 
  alternatively : `` but even i , despite coming from a country ... '' would work . 
  but even i , as someone from ... 
  the entire british press loves this kind of story . 
  actually - the whole of england rejoices when we hear our meilleurs ennemis are involved in some kind of crazy industrial dispute ... , 
  a lot has changed since last time round . 
  the telegraph 's editorial stance is currently very anti-eu . 
  the uk government is n't snaffling the tax-payers away though . 
  individuals make choices to come to the uk . 
  the polish government could impose taxes on polish people within the uk if it wanted . 
  or the individual polish people could send money back to poland if they wanted . 
  but it really is n't the british government 's responsibility . 
  as i 've written before , i hope that schulz does become president of the commission as it will make it more likely that britain will leave the eu . 
  polish children in poland are the responsibility of the polish government rather than the responsibility of the british goverment . 
  the mail , the telegraph and the express are also going to be anti-eu . 
  though as you say a majority of media will be pro-eu . 
  agreed . 
  both the uk and the eu could benefit from the uk leaving . 
  the eu could push towards full federalism , something that just wo n't be possible with the uk on board . 
  looks good to me . 
   no i 'm offended that they are trying to shame europe for bad handling and racism when they are doing the exact same thing a hundred time worse . 
  when you say `` they '' you mean the new york times . 
  they are not doing any `` bad handling '' . 
  they are a newspaper . 
  i understand that dutch and german are not always mutually intelligible in the same way that serbian and croatian are , though . 
  and i 'm not aware of there being a linguistic debate about whether or not dutch or german are the same language . 
  obviously , if i ever need any dutch translated i 'm happy for anyone who can understand dutch to do that for me . 
  as you will have seen , i did n't write `` serbo-croatian '' and instead i wrote '' ( serbo - ) croatian '' to illustrate that there is a debate . 
  if this offends you then i think you are over-sensitive . 
   do you feel the need to point this out for every other dialectical continuum , like the ones i mentioned ? 
  if you do n't , why not ? 
  i really do n't have strong views either way . 
  to the extent that there are dialectical continuums , i am more than happy to point this out , where relevant . 
  the main reason i do n't tend to write things like `` dano-norwegian '' is because i do n't see this term widely used . 
  i 'd be quite happy to use it however . 
  does the fact that linguists debate this offend you ? 
  i guess / u/frystes is somehow offended that this article appeared in an american newspaper ? 
   if you know it 's controversial , why do you keep using the term ? 
  the reason i used the term is because it is widely used and understood . 
  that 's why i use language , to communicate with people . 
  the reason i used brackets is because i know that different people have different opinions here and because i personally do n't have a view . 
  if the fact of the debate offends you , there is nothing i can do about this . 
  i see you edited your post while i was responding .
