  in 2009 , unemployment was higher and so was inflation . 
  i 'm not an economist , but this data must mean that there are other variables at play that impact inflation and that unemployment is simply one factor . 
  we can also see that germany 's current unemployment is incredibly low and so is their inflation . 
  how low would unemployment have to be in the uk for inflation to accelerate ? 
  also , when you say `` accelerate '' what are you meaning here ? 
  the boe has a target of close to 2 % for inflation . 
  currently we are well below that . 
   well if eu immigration bothers you , you know how to vote . 
  i 'm very pro-immigration to the uk from across the whole globe . 
  however , i will vote to leave the eu so that the uk 's immigration policy looks at people on the basis of their skills , rather than on the basis of their nationality . 
   dont these workers get benefits if they already worked in the uk ? 
  it 's not like they get insta-unemployment . 
  in the uk there are also benefits for people who are in work . 
   also eu immigrants provided net benefits to uk . 
  whether there is a net fiscal benefit is not conclusive as to whether or not it makes sense for the uk to have this many migrants . 
  it is simply one factor among others , including : - different socio-economic classes in the uk are impacted in different ways ( some professions are much more exposed to competition than others ) - housing costs are increased massively - infrastructure is overstretched - social cohesion is impacted, 
  given that estonia voted for mandatory migrant quotas , i do n't think it would make sense for estonia to file a lawsuit against it ... 
  out of interest , why do you think lowering unemployment decreases stability ? 
   there is the minor issue that the laws , or indeed the very underlying legal systems in most of the rest of the eu differ in rather significant ways to those in the uk . 
  this is one of the many reasons why the uk needs to leave the eu . 
  however , us british lawyers are convinced that our legal system is a very attractive one which we can market all over the world . 
   probably not , and i do n't think any future president will be . 
  the function , its election process and his perceived prerogatives are cause for demagogy , impossibility to hold on promises and perpetual disappointment . 
  the constitution is tailored for half-monarchs presidents . 
  does france need a sixth republic ? 
   so who is going to be europe 's papua new guinea ? 
  britain ? 
  actually , the continent is going to be britains papua new guinea . 
   us not being in the euro is more due to black wednesday and gordon brown . 
  hague had a large role to play too . 
  had the conservative party not been so strident , blair might have felt he could have circumvented brown . 
  also , we should remember major 's opt-outs from maastricht and the rebellious conservative back-benchers in the mid-90s who refused any compromise . 
  some labour back-benchers were also very sensible on this . 
   honestly i think it 's already low enough so why bother ... 
  probably best to have some stability than risk messing it up . 
  i disagree . 
  unemployment is less stable than employment is . 
  one of the aims of government is ( to the extent possible in a liberal democracy and a capitalistic society ) to create full employment . 
  the uk government has done well , but can go further . 
  the uk 's aid budget it much higher than france or germany 's . 
  germany and france do n't ' balance exchange and interest rates . 
  the ecb is independent . 
  i 'm talking about contracts between private parties , rather than the relationship with the state . 
  what do france and germany do that is a disadvantage to themselves ? 
   it 's the largest issue of our time that capital is moved from poor countries to rich ones , but the locals ca n't move with it . 
  capital needs to be able to move from rich countries to poor countries . 
   i 'm not a conservative so i do n't know , but i do n't think so . 
  / u/trucidator would probably be able to give you a better answer , although obviously the conservatives are split internally between their sceptic and non-sceptic wings . . 
  personally i am not satisfied . 
   and if , at all , services should be allowed to be performed in the whole eu , they should be under the legal system used in all but the uk , a civil law based legal system . 
  ireland and cyprus use the common law . 
  malta is bi-juridical . 
   if you want free movement of capital capital is global . 
  there is no point trying to pretend it is european . 
   maybe if both parties have equal say , but that 's not really what tends to happen . 
  all the time in international commerce there are parties deciding what laws they want to use . 
   if those companies do business in other countries as well , those branches would abide by a different set of laws . 
  companies do business with each other without needing branches . 
  as a lawyer , i can do business with clients wherever they are in the world just by sending an e-mail or phoning them . 
  business is increasingly taking place via the internet . 
   hey , that worked out great with icelandic bank accounts ... uk government failed to properly regulate here . 
  however , there is no reason in principle that a british person should n't have a bank account with a bank overseas , provided that they understand the risk . 
   in turn britain gets civil law , schengen and the euro . 
  no thanks, 
   to add to this point , in many transactions i deal with , it 's not even a `` legal '' system at all . 
  but the rules of the international chamber of commerce . 
  agreed , but there will still typically be a choice of jurisdiction provision in case the contract breaks down completely and the parties end up having to go to court to settle the dispute ...  i do n't think people are getting the `` cross-border '' point you 're making . 
  i 've pribably not made it very clearly !, 
   i know and agree with that , but corporate law is a different thing entirely than privacy law protecting the citizens . 
  it 's not true for criminal law either . 
  can you imagine of the victim of a crime and the perpetrator decided to not use the law of the territory where the crime was committed because they like another one better ? 
  i 'm not talking about criminal law , i am talking about cross-border transactions where sophisticated parties freely enter a transaction . 
   what a load of horseshit . 
  provide a source , please . 
  why do you think cameron is so keen to expand the services single market ? 
  it is n't to help the rest of europe . 
   well okay . 
  if you think the system in belize or cayman is a good system , then we are in profound disagreement . 
  you want a race to the bottom where no company will pay their taxes anymore . 
  there are multiple factors for a company incorporating in one jurisdiction rather than another . 
   thanks but not thanks . 
  i want the laws that protect citizens . 
  cash cows should be milked or they die from getting bloated . 
  as a citizen there are times when i want to choose which legal system best protects me . 
  if i am forced to use a legal system which does not suit me , i am not protected . 
   source [ the uk is only the tenth largest exporter of goods in the world , but the second largest exporter in services . 
  the uk is the largest net exporter of business and financial services in the world . 
  the has a large trade deficit with the reu in terms of goods , but a surplus in services . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/34647/12-1207-benchmarking-uk-competitiveness-in-the-global-economy.pdf ) the linked paper has a lengthy analysis of what parts of the uk economy are competitive and which are n't . 
   law is the emanation of the will of the people . 
  that law can only be applicable on a define territory . 
  what you 're saying here is nonsense . 
  you ca n't just pick and choose what law to abide to when it suits you . 
  that would be anarchy . 
  it is already the case in almost every cross-boder commercial contract the parties have freedom to select the legal system of their choice . 
  restricting the choice of law that parties want has bad outcomes . 
  where one of the parties is a private individual there is less freedom . 
  in a complex cross-border acquisition in which a consortium of american , german and swiss banks lends to a french corporate borrower to buy an italian company , then no legal system has a necessary nexus . 
  it makes sense for the parties to choose the legal system they prefer . 
  this makes things more certain for everyone involved .
