  surely they do n't have your best interest the conservatives do n't want to stay in the eu any more . 
   it 's not the non-voter ... it 's the ukip-voters in a european election that screw things up . 
  the reason why i voted ukip in the eu elections was to make brexit happen . 
  the aim was to screw things up . 
  now that we are leaving the eu i am going back to voting tory . 
   british commissioner has been put to role of silent observer . 
  commissioners do n't represent the member states . 
   to keep it by figure of speech , i think it 's boiling in france , in a pressure cooker . 
  i have been wondering about this too . 
  imagine if in the netherlands or the uk we had had what france has had in the last two years : three serious terrorist attacks with multiple deaths and a number of smaller terrorist attacks . 
  we would be losing our shit . 
   if you want to play a leading role , you have to have skin in the game . 
  military . 
  that is what is actually important . 
   boris johnson wishes to eat the cake and keep it too . 
  [ http://www.guardian-series.co.uk/news/wfnews/4640886.walthamstow__pudding_manufacturer_whets_mayor_s_appetite] ( i thought boris wanted to let french people eat british cake ? ), 
   who should attack the uk with atomic bombs ? 
  india ? 
  north korea ? 
  uk 's nuclear deterrent is not just about protecting uk , it part of western security . 
   parliament ca n't make anything binding . 
  even if the eu referendum act said `` this referendum will be binding '' parliament could completely ignore it , or abolish it . 
  technically parliament could have ensured that a legal consequence would have resulted from the referendum automatically - e.g. 
  mandating the government to trigger article 50 . 
  that is the difference . 
  yes , you are right , the concept of parliamentary sovereignty is an unusual one among modern western liberal democracies . 
   the uk wants to close borders with the eu . 
  the eu wants open borders in the eu . 
  blaming the eu for closed borders after half the brexit campaign was pivoting on ending free movement with the eu is so mindblowingly hypocritical you can grind it up and sell it by the gram in dancings . 
  you are mixing up the right to cross borders without a passport with free movement . 
  these are two totally different things . 
  the uk and ireland want to maintain current arrangements in relation to the common travel area ( which is nothing to do with the eu ) . 
  the uk and ireland will also continue to give each others ' citizens the right to work in each others ' countries ( which is nothing to do with the eu ) . 
  hopefully the eu recognises that this is none of its business . 
  we all want to avoid any interruption to the peace process . 
   past parliaments ca n't overrule future ones , so since a referendum result is a past parliament instructing a future one the reason why the referendum is n't legally binding is not because past parliaments ca n't overrule future ones ( though you are correct , they ca n't ) . 
  this is not a case of a past parliament trying to overrule a future parliament . 
  parliament today is the same as parliament before the referendum . 
  the reason why it is n't binding is simply because parliament is sovereign and parliament , in enacting the eu referendum act , decided not to make it binding . 
   it 's the uk that wants closed borders , not the eu . 
  no , we want open borders with ireland and ireland wants open borders with the uk . 
  and we will get that . 
  yes , let 's hope that governments in both our countries continue to focus resources on this and support the french . 
  today is a day for grief . 
  we can leave the politics for another time , you are right . 
  the coalition is correct in my view . 
  terrorist attacks should not make us change this objective . 
  i go to paris several times a year usually , but was last there in january . 
  seeing these attacks makes me want to go again soon and enjoy my time there , though as you say shed a tear too . 
  we must not let ourselves be beaten by this . 
  this . 
  they have had a difficult couple of years . 
  i know i am always teasing the french , but at times like this i am heartbroken . 
   in 7-10 years though . 
  also , how will it regulate itself so much better so there is a significant improvement ? 
  where did you get the 7-10 figure from ? 
   countries will still have the choice of using our services countries do n't use services . 
  businesses use services . 
   before , we were the best choice for foreign countries to invest in and deal with the eu . 
  foreign countries do n't invest . 
  businesses invest . 
  they are n't dealing with the eu . 
  they are dealing with other businesses . 
   why would countries choose to go with a middle man who himself will then try to trade with the eu ? 
  again , it is not countries . 
  it is businesses . 
  i 'm not sure if you really understand what trade means at all . 
  in your whole post you have not mentioned businesses at all . 
   if they should make fun of another country 's food , especially if the country in question is france . 
  the french and food ? 
  `` let them eat cak '' , 
   it is needed right now , because brexit means the eu trade agreements no longer apply to britain . 
  that does n't mean anything . 
  it is simply necessary . 
  but the people placed with these new brexit briefs are people that have always argued on globalism bases . 
  which is in my mind interesting and correct . 
   if you think its a coincidence the worlds 3 largest financial centers are located in the worlds 3 largest economies , then you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  actually , singapore is now larger than hong kong . 
  singapore is not a large economy . 
  where do you think the `` eu 's new financial centre '' is going to be ? 
  is this something brussels is going to decide , lol ? 
  lol and apologies !!, 
   it 's likely that i know more about the us system the common law legal systems ( and especially in finance ) are very similar to each other . 
  if an english court has to consider a new question , then the judgments of courts of other jurisdictions ( e.g. 
  ny , hk , aus , can , nz , ie ) which have considered similar questions are very persuasive . 
  so you probably know about the english system too . 
   but currently it does n't seem like may will pursue globalism . 
  so far she has created a whole new government department for international trade , which in my mind shows a real commitment to globalism . 
   it is truly funny that trucidator is for brexit , apparently in order to promote globalisation - while most of those who voted to leave are fundamentally opposed to it . 
  the current british government seems to be one that is going to embrace globalism , which is great . 
   america and china is not suddenly going to stop using their own financial service centers and start using london instead . 
  finance is interconnected . 
  it is n't countries that use financial centres , but market participants . 
  market participants in the us and china use london all the time in the same way that market participants in the uk also use hong kong and new york . 
  finance is global and getting more and more so all the time . 
  there is no such thing as european finance . 
   are they not allowed to be subject to binding arbitration generally you would only do that if you were doing the transaction with some crazy country that might not enforce the judgment of an english court , e.g. 
  some financial contracts do use arbitration and in those cases any of the places you mention would be the venue . 
  not derivatives though . 
   i approach it more from a historical angle and i do n't think these can be untangled : for ~ 100 years half of the world 's economy was formed by anglo saxon systems , the british empire and the us .
