  yeah , i guess it sucks to be in a democracy sometimes . 
  english is not the official language of the uk . 
  english has no official status in the uk . 
  it is used by convention . 
  i am sure all the member states will accept scotland . 
  but on what terms ? 
  will they let it have the same opt outs as the uk gets ? 
  uk 's liberal democrats are not economically liberal . 
  or democratic . 
  the scottish government has now effectively received the answer though . 
  how many member states has the scottish government started negotiating with ? 
  because this is what it will need to do . 
  this is the best way to reduce certainty , get commitments from the people that scotland will actually be negotiating with , the member states . 
  this is scotland 's job , not the uk 's . 
  unfortunately , the position under international law and eu law , is that the rest of the uk would be considered the successor state and therefore its existing treaties would continue . 
  of course , the uk would have to renegotiate some things with the eu like vote shares . 
  i actually think spain has lost the plot here . 
  much better for them to give a referendum and then try and win it ... 
  of course , crimes should be punished . 
  if cypriots have committed cypriot crimes , then cypriot law enforcement officers should begin a cypriot judicial process . 
  if this does n't happen , then cyprus should not be in the eu . 
  if it does happen , there is no need for other member states to get involved . 
  the attitudes of uk and spain to secession are incomparable . 
  look at the way spain is blocking a referendum ? 
  the moment the scottish government wanted a referendum , the uk government began negotiating terms . 
  i do n't think the uk government has purposely designed a system whereby secessionist movements could join the eu from within . 
  international law has never worked that way , secessionist states never get the benefits of treaties automatically . 
  the process in the eu is the same as the general position under international law . 
  euroscepticism is no longer just a right wing thing in the uk . 
  the left are now almost as eurosceptic as the right ( other than left-wing intelligentsia , which still loves the eu . ), 
  the longer the british people do n't get a chance to vote on this , the more eusceptic they become . 
  the reason that the uk is indulging in exit rhetoric is because the question on the referendum will be in v out . 
  no other referendum could be won by the proeu camp at this stage . 
  i do n't think that this decision can be delayed much longer . 
  there is no clear process . 
  i ca n't believe that the scottish government has failed in getting something clear from the eu on this . 
  in brief summary , i think in scotland 's case it will be a question of negotiations and geopolitics and diplomacy to try and ensure that scotland gets the same opt-outs that ruk has . 
  i ca n't understand why the scottish government is not already trying to speak to other eu governments to try and get them to confirm that they will accept this deal . 
  it is just about conceivable that they might accept it , but scotland should have started this process a year ago . 
  i am sure all eu states will welcome scotland , they might not give it the terms that uk has though . 
  it is a shame for those unemployed spanish people who wo n't get this employment opportunity though . 
  no , like getting a job or learning english or moving back to their own country . 
  she speaks polish . 
  is it possible for a british person to come to sweden and get unemployment benefits and housing benefits without ever having worked in sweden ? 
  ( if so , i am on my way . ), 
  as you said earlier , it has a pro european integration stance . 
  i am agreeing with you . 
  this stance is politically sensitive . 
  for public funds to be used to promote it in the media is already propaganda . 
  in which european countries can british people claim benefits if they have n't worked there ? 
  in which countries is it common for british people to claim ? 
  i agree with you that , taken as a whole , immigrants pay into the system more than they pay out . 
  the people that the benefits system hurts the most is the long term unemployed british people . 
  it is for these people that the benefits system in britain needs drastic reform . 
  see my discussion with / u/savannajeff . 
  we can not introduce this rule for reuropeans , because this is not the rule we have with british nationals . 
  to discriminate on the grounds of nationality is contrary to eu law . 
  we would therefore need to fundamentally change our benefits system so that it becomes a contribution based system . 
  the conservatives can not do this because they do not have a parliamentary majority . 
  therefore the language tests are the next best solution . 
  as you will have seen from boq 's earlier post , for a british person to get unemployment benefit in germany , they have to have worked in germany . 
  for a german to get unemployment benefit in britain , they do n't have to have worked in britain . 
  ergo , effectively the incentives are different . 
  of course , germans might not be incentivised to move to britain , but other poorer eu nationals are . 
  businesses have only been doing this for 30 years or so . 
  agreed . 
  if its readers like it as much as they claim , why do n't they privatise it and make it a subscription service , to cover costs , like every other news source has to ? 
  welcome to the real world . 
  if you want a good business you need a good product , that people actually want . 
  we will find out more about that at the european elections . 
  i am happy for those europeans that are pro-integration to spend their own money and subscribe for pro-integration media . 
  i am not happy for them to spend my taxes on it , just as i am sure they would not want me to spend their taxes on eusceptic media . 
  i hardly ever read presseurop because i get better news here or on newspaper websites themselves . 
  my main problem with presseurop is that it is a waste of money . 
  the fact that it is pro-integration is already too much propaganda for me . 
  i 'm from britain . 
  i did n't have time to read your post , but there are certainly very many people in britain who have very poor english and yet work . 
  my cleaner speaks practically no english and yet she works . 
  british expats should not get benefits in another eu country if they do n't speak the language . 
  however , in which countries do british expats get benefits without speaking the language ? 
  who knows what the commission plan to spend the money on instead . 
  presumably they are going to fund other propaganda projects instead . 
  maybe the commission website will say where they spend this money ? 
  that might answer the question . 
  we need a plurality of opinion in the press exactly because not everyone thinks critically . 
  if there was only one opinion being presented , the neutral one that you describe , then people who do n't think critically might be tempted to think it must be true . 
  in the current situation where one newspaper says x and another says y , even the non-critical reader is forced to consider the question of bias . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  the fact that someone has to work in germany before getting benefits is a huge disincentive to `` benefits tourism '' . 
  in britain , we do n't have this rule . 
  you can get benefits here even if you have never worked here and as you can imagine this can cause problems . 
  this answers your first question , about why this is a debate in britain . 
  britain , by offering benefits to people who have not contributed , is more generous than the rest of europe and this is not sustainable . 
  well - if benefits are much better elsewhere , why do n't british people on benefits move abroad to get benefits there then ? 
  law . 
  english law is very widely used in international finance . 
  lawyers from other european jurisdictions struggle to compete in this field . 
  european citizens , at a time of austerity , do not need to fund a propaganda project with their taxes when r/europe does it for free and to better effect . 
  do you have to have worked in germany ? 
  or does my work in the uk count ?
