  just like it recognises english de facto . 
  if london suddenly had 5,000,000 french native speakers , then the realisty is that french would suddenly become a de facto official language . 
  i do n't see why you it would need to be a de jure official language ( like welsh is in wales ) . 
  not sure what legal support francophones would need . 
  if french was de facto official , then they would be fine . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the bnp will lose both of their seats which is great news . 
  fortunately , the proposed ftt might never see the light of day . 
  it is only supported by a minority of member states and many of those that do support it have mixed feelings . 
  the number of proposed exemptions rises regularly . 
  the uk has challenged it in the cjeu and i think luxembourg might have joined in this challenge . 
  none of these ideas have any serious politician within the mainstream of european politics supporting them though , do they ? 
  the greater london area does n't currently have any official language and in my view does n't need one . 
  english has after all never been an official language in the uk . 
  it has only been used by convention . 
  i think people should be free to speak whatever language they want . 
  the only reason i said earlier that i think it is good for people who move to london to speak english is because generally that will help them get a job and contribute to society . 
  but if they have a way of contributing without knowing english i am cool with that too . 
  farage does not really care much for efd and to be honest after the next european elections the groupings are likely to vary hugely . 
  ukip should do well at the europeans and have an outside chance of being the largest party in britain . 
  i find the term eurosceptic a tiny bit annoying , but i accept it means to most people anti-eu . 
  i draw the line at anyone calling me `` anti-european '' though !, 
  also , i find the term `` pro-europe '' to be a bit unfortunate . 
  i live in london and i struggle to understand what the london assembly does . 
  i did vote in the elections for it though . 
  haha - maybe true . 
  we would have to pay and host it if we won . 
  maybe we can just try and get in the top half ? 
  there are 400,000 french people in london i think - maybe we should start having signs in french around kensington ?!, 
  actually - i think it is good for people who move to london to try and learn english . 
  yes , that would have been much much better . 
  of course , currency pegs often tend to fall apart if the underlying economies are not matched . 
  in europe , many of the underlying economies are not very well matched , which is why there have been so many problems . 
  denmark 's economy is closely aligned with germany 's which is why a currency peg works . 
  my money is still on the germans rather than the french . 
  which continent has had more trouble with irrational governments , europe or north america ? 
  let 's be realistic about european history in the last 100 years and north american history ... 
  even now there are lots of political parties which i regard as very extreme in government in europe . 
  just wait until the european elections and check out how crazy half of the meps are . 
  the only member states with notable militaries are britain and france and neither of these are going to reliquish them for europe . 
  britain and france also have , in some respects , an unofficial * entente cordiale * already in relation to our militaries . 
  it works pretty well for both sides and neither side really wants more . 
  i remember that vote . 
  there were cheers in britain when the results were announced . 
   what would happen if , say , the us started seeing the eu as a serious economic threat . 
  this does n't seem to be happening . 
  look at european gdp growth rates and look at usa growth rates . 
  this is actually a very interesting article . 
  one of these days euroscepticism in germany is going to catch up with the rest of northern europe ( france , netherlands , denmark , sweden ) ... 
  ok , you can count the number of people in britain who would vote for a federal europe on the fingers of a man with one hand . 
  this way they get benefits without disadvantages e.g. 
  stable currency but not having to bail out others the whole time . 
  also , unpegging the krona from the euro is pretty painless if denmark ever needs to change the exchange rate . 
  exiting the euro , on the other hand ... 
  try and imagine how the french would feel if in an area where lots of brits lived in france ( e.g. 
  provence ) you had to write everything in english as well as french ? 
  how would the local french people feel about that ? 
  yeah , that is something that really surprised me . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the brits and the french do n't need agencies to spy on italy . 
  we need to focus on spying on each other and also the russians , 
   most people are more opposed to yet another western company making money out of our own resources than the extraction of those resources themselves . 
  we 're already overpaying the russians for their own gas . 
  and personally , i would prefer to keep overpaying them for their own gas than overpay an american company for our own gas . 
  okay , this is how you 're going to stay poor as a country . 
  once they get a liking for referenda it might be hard to take it away from them . 
  yeah , we did n't get to vote on it either , but we still did n't sign it . 
  maybe our government is more scared of us than yours is of you . 
  a good thing for whom ? 
  for the eu or for turkey ? 
  that 's what i 'm trying to find out . 
  most europeans would not vote for a full-blown federation . 
  in britain , you can count the number of people that want this on the fingers of a man with no hands . 
  start printing money ? 
  or maybe the rich countries should give gifts instead of loans ? 
  is that still going on ? 
  unbelieveable . 
  is there anyway that bullshit can be stopped ? 
  britain needs to keep on encouraging these countries to join the eu . 
  there is kind of a common economic policy with those member states that agreed to the fiscal pact ( everyone apart from uk and czech rep , not sure why denmark signed that one ... ) there is also a quasi common foreign policy with the eu high representative on foreign affairs , or whatever cathy ashton 's current unelected political job title is . 
  anyway , the eurovision song contest is now so ridiculous and beyond reform that my preference would be for the uk to pull out of it altogether !, 
  ( i will support the irish instead . ), 
  thanks , i agree that these are all interesting points , but just not really sure what the relevance they have to his comment as :  what i am saying is that you need to put the word poverty in context . 
  you were the one that used the word poverty , not him . 
  he simply indicated that there were problems in athens . 
  i 'm not really sure why you think ( a ) the fact that there are worse problems elsewhere and ( b ) he is n't from there , invalidates the point . 
  ideally i would like to get it to below zero at first , so that we can claim back from them some of the money we already gave them . 
  maybe some of the things they spent the money on have an economic value and can be sold ? 
  i will compromise with zero though . 
  what is it with so many croatian referenda lately ? 
  which other european countries have frequent referenda in this way ( other than the swiss ) . 
  i wonder how hollande 's party will do in france ? 
  well , i am also a contrarian too ... 
  projects like this one make me relieved that we managed to agree to a reduction in the european budget earlier this year . 
  i do not get this either . 
  britain has for years been a leader in european pop music and yet sends the worst to the eurovision song contest . 
  uk nul points . 
  sweden , denmark and uk are going to stay out of the eurozone . 
  i find it funny that denmark and the uk had to go to the trouble of negotiating an opt out from the maastricht treaty , whereas sweden just decided to free-ride off the danes and the brits and avoid their treaty obligations on the basis of a technicality !, 
  not fair !, 
  `` soccer '' is usanian !, 
  `` football '' or `` footie '' is english !,
