  maybe europe is just not falling in love with the eu ? 
  maybe they are right ? 
  haha - we need you to come back . 
  the uk , once we become independent again , will want to remember our czech friends :-), 
  conservative policy is to renegotiate treaties and get rid of `` ever close union '' . 
  not really euphile . 
  the conservative party 's official policy is to end `` ever closer union '' and then give brits a referendum on eu membership . 
  lots of conservative voters want out of eu too . 
  :-) this is not about fear . 
  this is about the uk having a bright open and international and global future . 
  this is a wonderful thing . 
  i 'll be the judge of whether or not i wasted my vote . 
  my vote will force both the labour party and the conservative party to change policy . 
  that 's what i want . 
  what happens is that when we vote ukip , the tories know that they have to become more eusceptic . 
  it is a bit indirect , but it works . 
  it seems , based on how the uk has just voted , we do n't agree with you . 
  when britain has to choose between the devil and the deep blue sea , she prefers to choose the deep blue sea . 
  britain is a global trading nation and has been for centuries . 
  we can do this best outside of the eu . 
  based on voting , this seems to be what brits want . 
  haha - too funny . 
  yeah , can be tough being an eu sceptic on here . 
  it is called democracy . 
  voting is exactly the right way to send a message . 
  i think it is perfect . 
  this is exactly it . 
  as a british voter i voted ukip because i want the eu to stop doing shit . 
  is the eu going to listen to my vote ? 
  either the eu goes back to being a relaxed group of friendly democratic trading sovereign nations ( which i personally would be happy to be part of ) or the uk will have to leave . 
  we 'll stay friendly with finns if you let us !, 
  india is a tea drinking cricket playing english speaking country . 
  brits do not consider indians to be more foreign than finns or spaniards . 
  britain needs to get a free trade agreement with india fast . 
  inside the eu , britain ca n't do this . 
  it 's time for you to give up science and go into politics !, 
  come to britain and set up a pirates party . 
  britain is never joining this currency . 
  politically , historically and culturally , britain is also just as close to india and the us as it is to europe . 
  that 's why is makes sense for britain to balance itself between others . 
  pretty sure that this group have said they will go into the same grouping as ukip again . 
  there was a worry that they would go with the conservatives . 
  also , the other thing is , the strength of the fn vote in france makes a change to the uk 's ability to renegotiate the treaties and get concessions . 
  this is one of the key things . 
  depending on how the results go in the uk , cameron will be celebrating his better negotiating position . 
  sarkozy might be back as president . 
  watch the ump change its position on free movement . 
  this is n't a ukip thing , this is a comment on french politics . 
  i do n't think anyone in french politics is writing off sarkozy or dismissing these results . 
  free movement is going away anyway . 
  front national just topped the polls in france . 
  sarkozy has already said that he wants to change it . 
  it 's over . 
  haha !, 
  do n't do anything crazy and make sure you drink with friends !, 
  switzerland just had a referendum and will now place limits on immigration . 
  we will find out in 15 mins !, 
  i 'm against it because it means the uk has less sovereignty and ca n't make free trade agreements by itself . 
  also the eu is a bureaucratic mess - look at the cap . 
  i am pro-immigration , but i think the uk should have a points system for immigration like canada does and it should be the westminster government that is in control of this . 
  this should consider a number of factors , economy , impact on housing and infrastructure , impact on other countries , cultural impact . 
  switzerland says it is no longer doing free movement and what does the eu do ? 
  ends a student programme - basically nothing . 
  and it is in the interests of the eu to cooperate . 
  my point is not that it is detrimental . 
  it is simply that the words do not mean the same thing . 
  i think british democracy works better if laws are made by are local representatives . 
  you are talking about the uk local elections , which are irrelevant to the european parliament . 
  ukip have said they wo n't go into a group with fn . 
  no , there was culture , history , languages and so forth before the eu . 
  europe means all these things . 
  i am proeurope but antieu . 
  they really are n't the same thing . 
  and we need to be less connected to the eu . 
  the uk needs to be more connected to the growing parts of the world , india , china , brazil , pakistan , australia , canada . 
  not the eu , which is now in permanent decline . 
  what do you think the word `` europe '' meant before the eu existed ? 
  it still means that . 
  this is r/europe . 
  it is n't r/europeanunion . 
  the eu and europe are not the same thing . 
  yeah , just like switzerland 's economy is butchered / s. 
  i kind of get that , but , on balance , has the uk been successful in this ?!, 
  look at the cap . 
  and the new ftt . 
  and the way that the free market of services is so far behind ... 
  my friends have just gone to buy the champers . 
  ukip , differently from fn , are a cause for celebration . 
  i agree on this point . 
  but why is that even a bad thing ? 
  this is n't 1950 anymore , the world is a different place and much more global . 
  worrying for whom ? 
  are n't they just liberals who want to take germany out of the euro ? 
  they 're not planning on invading france . 
  yes , as you say , the french are bat-shit-crazy protectionists . 
  this is why it does n't make sense for the uk , a liberal trading nation , to be in a union with france . 
  but 65 million means it will be even easier for france than it is for switzerland . 
  i agree that france is very different from switzerland , but somehow i think that france , with all its incredible history , talent , industry and ingenuity , will be fine even outside the eu . 
  i 'm just being realistic . 
  i know it 's not the same franc , but the point still stands .
