  i look forward to seeing you on the outside . 
  the short-term is bad , but when we think about a nation we have to think about the long-term too . 
   i feel like a second class citizen of the eu when i 'm being controlled while entering the schengen area . 
  i 'm cool with being controlled when i enter the schengen area . 
  i do n't feel second class about it . 
  i 'm more than happy to look at the body of evidence as it continues to develop and continue to discuss it as it becomes clear !, 
  that is the exciting thing about history : it is not finished and can not be determined in advance . 
   you see it 's not only the economic hardships we are facing . 
  it is the constant humiliations too . 
  i agree that the political factors are extremely complex and that national humiliation has very uncertain outcomes . 
  however , i also can not see any good solution for greece within the eurozone either - to me this looks like a permanent national humiliation of the greek people and constant budgetary oversight from outside greece and constant anger from the rest of europe with the governments that greece elects . 
  there are no good solutions for greece any more . 
  it is just a question of looking for the least worst one . 
  so i guess i am not very optimistic either . 
   so firstly you acknowledge your position of bias-this already puts your argument on shaky foundations . 
  everyone is biased and i am of course biased too . 
  however , the fact that someone has a bias does not , of itself , mean that the argument is wrong . 
  if you think that the arguments of eusceptics are shaky just by virtue of them being from eusceptic than i might as well respond by saying that the arguments of euphiles are shaky just by virtue of them being from euphiles . 
  this is classic ad hominem - surely it is better to consider the merits of an argument without undue focus on the position of the arguer !, 
  i am not hiding my biases !, 
  so far , the way that the eu has gone about solving the greek crisis has been spectacularly poor . 
  the obvious solution is a fiscal union and common debt . 
  the fact that this has not happened after five years of crisis is not really a testament to the strength of the union , but a testament to its weakness . 
  the migrant crisis ( on the current scale ) is a much newer political crisis and it is a bit early to judge how effective the eu response has been . 
  so far it looks like eu member states are looking after their own interests , but we will see . 
   so non-italian ships wo n't rescue migrants ? 
  i think that 's a crime , is n't it ? 
  i was more talking about the navy boats rather than the commercial boats . 
  the navy boats are there because they can take the migrants to italy . 
  having to take them to the uk is a different proposition . 
   that is very likely . 
  and if that happened it will push greece towards russia etc. 
  dont want to think about it ... but if it happens , how it would be `` the best outcome for western geopolitics ... 
  in my view if greece were pushed towards russia it would be a big mistake . 
  i still think that in the event of a grexit it is possible to avoid this , though it is a risk . 
  personally i would hope that in the event of a grexit that the uk and the usa would give greece an immediate bilateral loan to ensure that the greek economy stabilises and that greece does not fall within the russian sphere of influence . 
  this is incredibly tricky though . 
  the lack of solidarity between eu member states when faced with the greek crisis and the migrant crisis is kind of proving my point . 
   to prepare for the necessary measures to contain the effects of the fallout . 
  [ a few months ago dijsselbloem claimed that only the uk was preparing for a grexit . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/02/24/uk-eurozone-greece-dijsselbloem-grexit-idukkbn0ls0tx20150224 ) i 'm sure that everyone now has a contingency plan ... 
  the british navy ships go to the libian coast and rescue migrants from boats in distress and then take them to catania , italy . 
  this was obviously in agreement with italy . 
   great union we have here . 
  the eu is a castle built on foundations made of sand . 
  the castle looks kind of nice at first and it is definitely prestigious and grand and imperial looking and i can kind of understand why some people were keen to build it . 
  but the first bit of bad weather inevitably causes it to start to sink . 
   prohibition for non italian ships who rescue refugees to dock in italy in my mind the consequence of this would be that non-italian ships would just stop rescuing migrants . 
  last weekend i read that the non-italian ships rescuing migrants included german , british and irish ships . 
  i just can not see german , british and irish ships taking migrants all the way to germany , britain and ireland from the libian coast . 
   meant to ask if they were not already minded to not help . 
  i think that the attitude of the reurozone towards greece could be very different in the event of a grexit ( though this is almost impossible to predict and there are multiple factors at play ) . 
  there is a risk that the reurozone will actively be antagonistic towards greece if greece leaves the eurozone in order to ensure that greece does not recover * pour encourager les autres * . 
  if greece leaves the eurozone and is successful , then this would incentivise anti-euro movements across the entire reurozone which would destabilise the reurozone still further . 
  if greece leaves the eurozone and it not successful , than this will dampen the spirits of anti-euro movements everywhere and be boost for the status quo . 
  i do n't think the current `` help '' is getting a good outcome . 
  in the medium to long term it may be what causes the greek economy to recover , which will ultimately be good for everyone . 
  much depends on the attitude of the reurozone after any grexit : my hope is that the reurozone does everything possible to help greece recover , but i am worried that they will not be minded to help . 
  to me this seems like it would be the punchline of an `` engishman , irishman and scotsman '' joke ... 
  for western geopolitics it may end up being the best outcome too . 
   i 'm pretty sure they will find a lose-lose compromise at the very last minute . 
  this is also what i think is the most likely outcome . 
  during the previous five years we have always managed to come up with a temporary solution , that kicks the can down the road , fixing nothing . 
  in london we call it `` amend , extend and pretend '' . 
  i 'm not sure that this time it will be any different . 
  the camps around calais have been there for a decade , perhaps you were n't aware of this . 
  it is not easy to get into the uk if you do n't have a passport . 
  some people get through , but it is very difficult . 
  truck drivers get fined if they bring someone over , there are also searches of vehicles , with dogs . 
  differently , it is incredibly easy to cross borders in the schengen area as there are no checks . 
  you can just walk or drive over the border . 
  the facts are that there have been hundreds of people camped in calais for a decade , trying to get into the uk by stowing away in trucks . 
  the idea that people would do this if there were no checks to get into the uk does not make sense . 
  there are checks to get into the uk . 
  it is n't my feelings . 
  it is the facts . 
  otherwise , how do you explain the video ? 
  it is people desperate to leave france and get to the uk , unable to do so easily because there are passport checks . 
  if your passport was checked , then that shows that the passport checking system to enter the uk , that allows you into the uk and not the calais migrants , is working . 
  in this case i have no idea why you even mentioned your experience as it invalidates your own point . 
  border controls take place all the time between the uk and franxe and almost never ( i.e exceptional circumstances ) between schengen countries . 
  this is why it is crucial that the uk stays outside of schengen . 
  the commission website is more indicative of the legal position than your anecdotes . 
  are you saying your passport was not checked four times crossing into the uk ? 
  if it was that easy , there would n't be camps of migrants for a decade of people desperate to reach the uk by hiding in trucks . 
  they would just get the next ferry . 
  this is n't quite right . 
  from the commission website :  [ if there is a serious threat to public policy or internal security , a schengen country may exceptionally reintroduce border control at its internal borders for , in principle , a limited period of no more than thirty days . 
  if such controls are reintroduced , the other schengen countries , the european parliament and the commission should be informed , as should the public . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/policies/borders-and-visas/schengen/index_en.htm ) border checks under schengen are limited by law to exceptional circumstances and short periods of time . 
  the uk , in schengen , could not keep out the calais migrants . 
  outside schengen , it keeps out of a lot of calais migrants and deters many more . 
  this is something france can not do ( which is why the migrants can reach france from italy ) . 
  there is a profound difference between being in schengen and not being in it . 
  if it made no difference , they would not have signed the agreement . 
  [ the entire purpose behind schengen is to remove internal borders between schengen participating states . 
  ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:l33020 ) it is very rare for there to be checks on schengen borders and countries need to agree to these with the commission beforehand and checks can cause a diplomatic incident . 
  the reason why these migrants in calais reached france is exactly because they could cross to france from italy without a check . 
  the exact reason why they ca n't get easily into the uk is because the uk checks passports , something the uk could not easily do if it signed up to schengen . 
  yes , the uk does not have id cards .
