  the two things do not preclude each other . 
  it 's not like i am not also voting ukip in national elections too and also local ones . 
  voting ukip at eu elections is not contradictory to being a proponent of subsidiarity . 
   why did n't they offer anything but the av alternative back then ? 
  that was the compromise between the lib dems and the conservatives as part of the coalition agreement . 
  the lib dems thought that they would win the referendum , and that av would be the first step towards pr . 
  the lib dems then did a terrible referendum campaign . 
   i think voting ukip to get out of the eu is immoral , yes . 
  you 're sending politicians that do n't bother showing up most of the time to committees they 've signed up for just for the extra pay to milk the eu for all it 's worth . 
  no , they get the same allowances that all other meps get and they also have costs . 
  also , when you say `` milk the eu '' , i think you mean `` milk the eu tax-payer '' . 
  eusceptics are eu tax-payers in the same way as euphiles are , so have just as much right to `` milk the eu '' as euphiles do . 
  also , if i do n't want my representative to show up to a committee , she should n't do that . 
  this does not explain why you think i am immoral . 
   but if i had your position ( uk out of eu ) , i would not fuck it up for others to get what i want . 
  you have n't explained why it fucks it up for others . 
  in what way are others fucked up by the existence of ukip meps ? 
  in a democracy , others should have to acknowledge that there are views different from their own . 
  that is n't being fucked up . 
   if there was a national campaign to boycott the elections , which ukip could have led instead of going to the eu and taking mep paychecks , and there was a discernable drop in voter participation , it would achieve the exact same outcome . 
  it really would not have had the same outcome . 
  there would have been no way of knowing how many people had boycotted or how many people just had not voted out of apathy . 
  it would have been impossible to conclude anything on the strength of eusceptic feeling in the uk . 
  also , the media presence of ukip representatives would have been much reduced . 
  my voice would have been much reduced . 
   maybe you could have a referendum on it though ... or not because they 're afraid of the result that may not be in their interests . 
  we already had a referendum on this just a couple of years ago . 
  so perhaps we might get another one soon . 
   yes and ? 
  the long term consequence might be a change to the uk voting system . 
  perhaps this might be back on the table after the next uk general election . 
   out of interest , why are you against this ? 
  i think the uk staying sovereign represents the best outcome for british people . 
  what about you ? 
  would you like the uk to be part of a federal eu ? 
   if their issue is britain being in the eu , then they should boycott ep elections entirely . 
  why * should * i boycott ep elections entirely ? 
  do you think i am somehow immoral because i vote ukip ? 
  there are some people who do n't vote out of laziness or apathy . 
  it is impossible to distinguish between a boycotted no-vote and an apathy no-vote . 
  and if i did n't vote , i would n't get an mep able to represent me in the way i want . 
  this would be a much worse outcome for me . 
   and would n't be obstructionist to those from the continent that just want to get on with business . 
  those from the continent should not be able to just get on with business if part of the electorate does not want them to do that business . 
  when doing business they need to remember that not everyone wants that business . 
  ukip meps is a good reminder of this . 
   you yourself have argued that sending these obstructionist politicians to the eu is meant to be a statement to national politicians . 
  yes , it does send a statement to national politicians . 
  but that 's called democracy though . 
  if i want my vote to be about that , this choice is just as valid as another choice . 
   when ukip meps have such shitty attendance rates ( including farage in the council 's he 's a member of to draw pay from ) , it 's an attitude of `` i do n't care if i cause indirect harm to the rest of the continent , as long as i send a message to my national politicians '' . 
  what is the indirect harm to the rest of the continent ? 
  what harm does me voting ukip cause the continent ? 
  the reason why ukip voters have low attendance rates is because this is what ukip voters want . 
  again , this is called democracy . 
   any referendum would result in a landslide victory in favour of staying in the eu . 
  businesses will rally hard to stay in the eu the cbi will rally hard to stay in the eu . 
  but then , they wanted the uk to join the euro . 
  they are therefore somewhat discredited . 
  a lot of other business people and increasingly the city would want the uk to leave . 
   and with a heavily funded pro-eu lobby wo n't both campaigns be required to spend the same amount under uk legislation ? 
   i always thought it was kinda shitty that eusceptic brits would piss all over the eu project , making it that much more difficult for continentals to take it where they want , just because their own political system is flawed . 
  i 'm not sure why you think voting for a party that you do n't like is pissing over the project . 
  the project is meant to be a democratic one , no ? 
  that means i get to vote for who i want , not just for whom you want . 
  however , as you say , the best way for eu-federalists ( i 'm assuming this is what you mean when you write `` continentals '' ) to get what they want it for the uk and the eu to part company . 
   seriously though it 's been the same bloody parties holding the majority for ages yet non of em really seemed to push for a referendum in the past . 
  the reason why the same parties did not push for a referendum in the past was because they were afraid of the result . 
   so if you guys have a political group who 's main point is let 's say to leave nato do you have them infiltrate nato or something ? 
  i think we do have some political groups that want to leave nato - probably the socialist workers ' party and the communist party of great britain . 
  i 'm not sure what their tactic is : i do n't think they have managed to infiltrate nato or make any progress ... 
   it 's a silly way of doing it and still not `` how democracy is meant to work '' i think it is exactly how democracy is meant to work . 
  voting for a politician who is trying to secure an outcome you want . 
   if democracy worked the way it meant to work they 'd be doing this stuff at home . 
  forcing this referendum trough national politics would n't they . 
  i expect that eventually we will be able to force it through the uk parliament . 
  it will take a bit of time , but we will get there . 
  voting ukip in the eu elections is just the process to this outcome . 
   how ? 
  on may 26th , the european parliament , together with the other common institutions , will still legislate for all of the eu , including britain . 
  if they want to do something about the eu , they should vote for ukip in the general election . 
  ukip doing well in the european elections impacts uk domestic politics and the debate in westminster . 
  ukip meps will have an increasinly big media presence within the uk and will be able to campaign for the uk to leave the eu . 
  this forces the other uk parties to change their stance on the eu . 
  i expect that the labour party will be forced to commit to a referendum on eu membership . 
   except up to a third of british voters will be without a voice because their `` representatives '' do n't do their jobs properly . 
  elected representatives do their job properly by doing what their constituents want . 
  ukip meps are doing what ukip voters want . 
  this is how democracy is meant to work . 
  just because you do n't want them to do their job this way does not mean they are not doing the job that the electorate want . 
   it 's funny because britons wo n't have proper representation in an institution that has influence over their lives . 
  but ukip voters do n't want this institution to have influence over their lives . 
  voting ukip is the best way to express this want and to get a change to happen . 
   no , wait , that 's actually sad . 
  i sympathise with the british view on some issues and my side will be weakened now . 
  great . 
  which issues do you sympathise with us on ? 
  perhaps we can do you a deal ... 
  however , given that i understand that you are in favour of a federal europe and the uk being in that federation , i suspect that we wo n't be able to agree this deal . 
  our positions seem to be too far apart .
