  it is basically what happened when ireland became independent . 
  irish people are still not considered foreigners under uk law . 
  irish people who are resident in the uk can still vote in all uk elections , stand for parliament in the uk etc. 
   more mind boggling is that they want both nationalities if they become independent . 
  the uk government said that if scotland had become independent anyone in scotland could have continued to have british nationality in addition to scottish nationality if they wanted it . 
   it 's just one of the ways the city can lose it 's preeminence in an industry where size does matter . 
  it would be a mistake for the reu to try and cut itself off from global capitalism . 
  clearing takes place in dollars and remimbi in london . 
   eu allows the city to be a euro clearing house . 
  with the uk out , it could easily restrict that activity to euro countries , which would mean a good amount of banking transactions would move to either paris of frankfurt . 
  clearing in euro taking place in the city is not a `` special rule for the city that nobody else in the world has '' . 
  clearing in euro can take place across the eu . 
  it would make sense to allow it to take place across the entire world . 
   anyone saying that an exit wo n't hurt the uk 's economy is basically banking on the possibility that membership in the eec/eu did n't help at all , and the economy improved after the 70ies in spite of it . 
  the uk 's economy improved during the 80s primarily because thatcher totally revolutionised the uk 's economy . 
  in what way are they disregarding un decolonization ? 
  they have self-determination . 
  citation needed, 
  norway 's contributions are not almost the same as the uk contributions . 
  interesting analysis . 
  however , i think it is also worth looking at the european trends . 
  the decline of the french left is part of a wider picture in which the british , german , polish , dutch , danish , spanish etc left are all at various stages of decline . 
   christmas tree . 
  i do n't even know which country has claimed it , other than eesti . 
  we think we invented all the good stuff so are always surprised when we are told that germany invented christmas trees ... 
  i agree that there can be some gains from emigration . 
  i was responding to a post which only pointed out the losses though . 
  yes , though this will not be in force when the uk leaves the eu . 
  ireland will not be able to make a new free trade agreement with the uk unfortunately . 
   uk law governs a huge amount of international trade . 
  not uk law . 
  english law . 
  there is no such thing as uk law of trade . 
   companies do business through their uk subsidiaries so any disputes are handled by british courts . 
  this is not quite correct . 
  for one thing , english courts and scottish courts are separate . 
  for another thing , english courts have jurisdiction to settle trade disputes if the parties to the agreement have made a choice of jurisdiction in favour of the english courts . 
  if the parties make this choice , the english courts will almost always respect that choice . 
  there is no requirement for there to be a uk subsidiary to do this simply a clear choice . 
   interesting , are you saying that countries are not allowed to create a trade agreement amongst themselves due to eu regulations ? 
  or is it more like a gentleman 's agreement ? 
  [ trade policy is an exclusive power of the eu -- so only the eu , and not individual member states , can legislate on trade matters and conclude international trade agreements . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/policy-making/ ) this is legal prohibition rather than a gentleman 's agreement . 
   i ca n't imagine ireland preventing uk citizens from working in the republic , especially with the border areas in the north . 
  i also doubt the uk would prevent irish workers from gaining employment there as it would put a spanner in the diplomatic ties we have been building for years . 
  i agree . 
  i think good relations between ireland and the uk is a key foreign policy objective of both our countries . 
  i also think that we have been successful in this over recent years and i think we can continue to be successful at this once the uk leaves the eu . 
   it 's no means certain that companies would flock to ireland , but it would make a lot of sense . 
  we are an english speaking , well educated work force , a stone 's throw away from the uk , and we already have european hqs for numerous big companies . 
  not to mention cultural similarities ( although this is hardly a metric used by most multinationals ) . 
  i agree with all your points that you have made about ireland being a very good place to do business . 
  i do business with ireland regularly . 
  in addition to benefits you mentioned , there are other advantages that ireland has , including legal system and tax system which are both very commercial . 
  however , we do n't know what the arrangements between the uk and the reu will be after the brexit . 
  we also know that both uk and ireland have some disadvantages for corporates , including high labour costs , high energy costs etc. 
  also , depending on the nature of the business , there is a need to be near customers or near suppliers or near raw materials or near a concentration of other professionals . 
  different businesses are actually all so different from each other that it is almost impossible to make a meaningful sweeping statement about about what businesses will do after a brexit . 
  when thinking about my own line of work ( law ) my firm is never going to move out of the square mile , let alone move to ireland . 
  the irish legal market is already saturated , the irish and english legal markets are doing slightly different though complementary things , we basically have to be in london . 
   lithuanian emigration increased more than tenfold since lithuania joined the eu and we could migrate to uk without previously existing legal barriers . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , there might be fewer lithuanians coming to the uk , i agree . 
  however , this does not necessarily mean that there will be fewer immigrants coming to the uk . 
   usa , canada and australia still has those barriers , and as a result there are very little migration to those countries in comparison . 
  while there might not be many lithuanians going to usa , canada and australia , the fact remains that many people from other countries do go there . 
  i do n't have a particular preference for lithuanians , i am happy for immigrants to come to the uk from any country in the world . 
  i like lithuanians , do n't get me wrong . 
  but i also like turks , indians , brazilians , singaporeans and nigerians . 
  once the uk leaves the eu i think that the uk should have an immigration policy which is neutral as to origin . 
   the major force of immigration in usa isactually illegal immigration from the south . 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  whatever the nature of the immigration to the usa , [ it is very high , with there currently being more than 40 million immigrants living in the usa . 
  ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/immigration-us-2015-reaches-new-record-immigrant-population-421-million-people-study-2053038 )  meanwhile australians `` sending them away and sinking the boat '' policy is also quite well known . 
  [ australia has been getting net inwards migration of more than 300,000 people per year . 
  per head of capita this is much higher than the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.workpermit.com/news/2014-05-16/australian-immigration-boom-may-have-peaked )  im not that knowledgable about canadian policy , but id be surprised if it has huge immigration outside of inter-north america travel . 
  [ canada gets roughly 250,000 immigrants per year , again much higher than the uk per head of population . 
  ] ( http://vscouncil.ca/how-many-people-immigrate-to-canada-every-year/ ) what these countries have in common is that they are not in the eu , they are rich countries with good job markets and the english language . 
  if they can attract immigrants , so will the uk when we leave the eu . 
   i was under the impression that ireland had a trade agreement with the uk independent from the eu . 
  regrettably for both the uk and ireland , we do n't have this . 
  trade agreements are a competence of the eu . 
  member states are not allowed to make trade agreements themselves . 
   also this whole freedom for people to move to england thing seems like a load of bollocks to me as irish people also have freedom of movement with the uk which has nothing to do with the eu . 
  the common travel area between the uk and ireland , which allows passport free travel , is separate from the eu and will continue after brexit . 
  ireland is free to give british nationals rights of work in ireland once the uk leaves the eu as this is still a competence of ireland . 
  i expect that the uk will still allow all irish people to work in the uk . 
   on top of this , i 'd imagine that companies from the uk will all look to open a european hq in ireland if the uk were to leave the eu . 
  the choice of incorporation of a company in a particular jurisdiction depends on such a multiplicity of factors , that this is by no means certain . 
   it 's important to not conflate criticism or frustration with hatred . 
  though from some of the posts that this user makes , it does seem to be hatred . 
   chances of policies brought on by the political institution is not a benefit of that political institution . 
  ok then . 
  there are many countries in the world that have high immigration , including the uk 's anglosphere peers , usa , canada and australia . 
  as you just said yourself , lithuanians go to the uk because of the english language . 
  if countries like usa , canada and australia which are outside the eu can benefit from high immigration , so can the uk when we leave the eu . 
   a well educated , skilled labour force that is eager to work and results in higher gdp , that has a much higher work-to-welfare ration than local population is very beneficial to the country . 
  of course , not everyone is model citizen , but then , neither are the locals . 
  the uk can still have these exact same immigrants once we leave the eu though . 
  from outside the eu we will be free to put in place an immigration policy allowing all of these people to come to the uk .
