  poland can develop by itself through trade and sensible business policies and so forth . 
  the money would be better spent elsewhere . 
  seminar in a professional capacity . 
  cbi will be there too . 
   faull said the european commission did not have a ` plan b ' if britain voted to leave the eu . 
  i am going to listen to faull speak tomorrow . 
  germany has a `` grand coalition '' so basically everyone in parliament ( other than fringe ) is part of the government . 
  personally i am not a fan of grand coalitions because it can mean that governments are n't really held to account by oppositions , but germans seem to be happy with it ... 
   i can only hope that prospective labour voters are suitably impressed with the party 's leadership . 
  i 'm a big fan of house of commons theatrics and dramatics : i think it generally enhances political debate . 
  however , i do n't think the current labour leadership will be around for much longer . 
  they are just too extreme for most british voters and are on a collission course with the parliamentary labour party . 
   let me guess ... just as long as we 're gon na be the only one in europe with balls to fight daesh ? 
  i think the uk is increasingly likely to join airstrikes against daesh in syria . 
  cameron is likely to make a statement in the house of commons tomorrow and there is likely to be a vote on it next week . 
  he will probably have a majority . 
  ( however , the turkey thing is going to make this considerably more complex . ), 
  this actually got reported on bbc news last night . 
  there was a feature on changing nordic attitudes to refugees . 
  this is one of the reasons why it is crucial that the uk leaves the eu as soon as possible . 
  even though the uk is outside schengen and outside the immigration pillars of the eu we are not outside `` free movement '' . 
  the minute anyone gets nationality of any eu countries , they can move to the uk . 
  uk government can do nothing . 
  no , the policy does not make sense for countries in schengen . 
  forcing people into a country which they do n't want to go to , if the country does not want to have them and does not have the resources to integrate them , at great cost is not a good policy . 
  did you want the uk and usa etc to sign up to this policy ? 
  if you think it was a good policy , presumably yes ? 
  as someone who spends a lot of time lobbying the commission , this does not surprise me . 
  large multi-nationals love the eu . 
  how much money is denmark giving to the unhcr ? 
  they are very large donors ... 
  i guess denmark have an opt out of eu refugee quotas so their own national parliament can make decisions about this . 
  this is how it should be . 
  it will just be weird if she is also wearing [ union jack underwear ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=union+jack+knickers&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiojoqt6knjahvmvhqkhf_pdraq_auiccgc&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=911 ) but other than that she will be cool with it . 
   i have pants with the union jack . 
  are there union jack pants for sale in latvia ? 
  or did you buy them on the internet ? 
  or maybe when you were living in finland ? 
  union jack underwear is not too weird here . 
  we 're just being post-ironic . 
   like what , you had it in the past ? 
  most public governmental buildings do n't have it though from time to time i have seen it . 
  it does trigger me , but so far i have never called the police about it , good idea . 
   i guess in the uk we see a lot of the union jack everywhere because that somehow [ became a fashion symbol . 
  ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=union+jack+fashion&amp;rls=com.microsoft:en-gb&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjoiift5knjahwgphqkhvngcdaq_auibygb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=911 ), 
   okay sorry to speak as a non uk citizen on their own internal affairs , but we should have no tolerance for that kind of bs in europe . 
  uk and france tried opposite approaches with muslims . 
  france tried integration ( banning the veil etc ) , uk tried multi-culturalism ( state islamic schools etc ) , neither approach seems to have been very successful . 
  instinctively i still favour the british approach as it seems to me to closely reflect british pragmatism . 
  the outcomes are n't always good , it is true . 
  but would the outcomes be better if we went for the french approach ? 
   because uk can leave the eu tonight , if so wishes . 
  they have an option and nobody is going to stop them . 
  you ca n't say the same for the greek or the refugee crises , which faced a choice between a rock and a hard place . 
  the fact that the uk has the power to leave the eu is true , though this does not make that process ( or discussions about it ) a spoiled child tantrum . 
   no question about it . 
  but it looks to me like it 's an internal matter , which should be better discussed among those who will have the right to vote in the upcoming referendum , i.e. 
  the british people . 
  the reu is rather neutral on the matter . 
  the reu is not neutral in that matter . 
  for one thing , keeping the uk in the eu is a key objective of juncker and the stated aim of many eu politicians , many of whom have expressed this in the strongest terms . 
  i 'm not aware of any who have indicated neutrality on this ,  in other words , update us on the major developments , best of luck if you so choose to leave , but posting a bevy or articles every time the polls move a basis point either way , it 's not adding much to the discussion . 
  i can understand people not being interested in this discussion . 
  however , / r/europe is very interested in it , which is why it is posted so frequently , with so many posters from all kinds of countries contributing to that discussion . 
  i would have thought that if you were n't interested in that discussion you would n't post on it . 
  however , you clearly are interested in it [ and actually you do contribute to it , see for example our discussion on financial transactions tax recently . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3smbin/latest_brexit_poll_53_leave_to_47_remain/cwyt9tb?context=3 ) perhaps the small moves in the polls do n't interest you of themselves . 
  however , the wider discussion is one which both you and i are very interested in . 
   it might be a coincidence but a lot of these countries ( poland , romania etc. ), 
  seem to be doing pretty well economically . 
  i agree that poland and romania are doing great economically . 
  there is also huge braindrain from italy , portgual , greece which are not doing so great economically ... 
  uk already does n't have eu flag for government events . 
  what do most other countries do ? 
  the world is increasingly global . 
  being geographically in europe increasingly matters less and less . 
   as i said , compared with tragedies like the refugee crisis , the brexit looks to me like a spoiled child tantrum , which annoys me to no end . 
  why on earth is national democracy and self-determination of a people a spoiled child tantrum ? 
  a lot of british people do n't want to be in the eu , because we do n't think it is in britain 's best interests . 
  we will therefore make a decision in a democratic way . 
  calling this `` spoiled child tantrum '' seems a bit butthurt . 
   helps that the economy at home is improving fast . 
  this will be the most important factor . 
  hopefully this continues , though it is n't guaranteed . 
   other countries do n't give the brexit as much importance you think they do i disagree . 
  the fact that you post regularly on this question shows that it interests and concerns you . 
  there is a lot of comment on this question regularly in european press . 
   even the eu-sceptic movements will hit the hard truths of economic reality . 
  there are no feasible alternatives to the eu . 
  there are many countries in the world that are not in the eu . 
  just as the uk 's position outside the euro has caused countries in the eurozone to realise that it was ultimately pointless ( and in fact harmful ) , a similar thing will happen with the eu . 
   but based on my experience talking with a lot of romanian expats , most of them will eventually come back home . 
  one interesting thing about poles in the uk was that a lot of them said that they would return to poland . 
  however , it does not seem to have happened . 
  we will see whether or not romanians return home . 
  it 's true there was a kind of entente and that british and french interests were broadly aligned over the eastern question . 
  however , there were also some differences of interests , for example over what to do about germany ... come to think of it , we still need to work out what to do about germany . 
   however , as an external casual observer , looking at this from multiple perspectives , i do n't see brexit being followed by a huge upheaval , maybe more on the lines of `` we are sorry to see you go , but life must go on . '', 
  i also look at this from multiple perspectives . 
  i have lived in several countries , speak several languages , read newspapers from other countries etc.
