  however , current british political orthodoxy is that the uk was right to stay out of the euro and schengen . 
  all fear of being in the slow lane has now gone . 
  i do n't think anyone in the uk wants power over the nations in the eurozone . 
  they just do n't want the eurozone to have power over us . 
   writing someone off unemployment stats as soon as he signs a 0-hour contract sure do help with theses numbers . 
  how many french people are on zero hours contracts out of interest ? 
  the majority of british people on zero hours contracts are happy on them . 
  when i was on a zero hours contract ( when i was a student ) this arrangement suited me perfectly . 
   i suppose your 3rd option ( starting on the bottom ) would indeed be cherry picking , but at least it would allow everyone to cherry pick until a new balance is reached :p this was probably cameron 's starting position . 
  however , there is n't now time to do this before the referendum deadline . 
  also , this would require multiple referendums in other countries and there is no guarantee that the peoples of those countries really want this to happen . 
  i 'm not convinced that the french or the dutch public would vote for it . 
  my strong preference is to get out , as i think i have mentioned a few times . 
  ;-) however , the reality is that the a number of different potential outcomes and they are not really black and white : - uk leaves eu and goes it alone - uk leaves eu and signs fta with reu - uk leaves eu and joins efta - uk leaves eu and joins eea - uk stays in an eu which is fundamentally altered , with two tiers of membership , full members and associate members , full members being eurozone with much enhanced pooling of powers , fiscal transfers , common debt , common military , common foreign policy etc , associate members including the uk have powers repatriated and get out of `` ever closer union '' . 
  in practice this option and the eea option could , with the passage of time , end up approximating each other - uk stays in the eu and the uk does not get a repatriation of powers and the eu is not fundamentally renegotiated ( this is the closest possible thing to the status quo , crucially this makes the eurozone continue to bevery unstable ) . 
  in this scenario the uk could try to block everything possible and sabotage the entire project from within . 
  - uk stays in the eu and joins euro and joins schengen and gets rid of all opt outs this last option is not politically likely . 
  every option in which the uk remains in the eu is a cherry picking scheme . 
  more cherry picking for the uk might be good for the eurozone as the eurozone 's interests diverge from the uk 's interests . 
  it is actually going to be a difficult strategy for juncker and other eurocrats to opine on whether or not the uk could succeed outside the eu . 
  if they state that the uk could not succeed , that will go down badly with the british public and come across as negative campaiging . 
  this is exactly the mistake that the `` better together '' campaign made in relation to the scottish referendum , by focusing on the perils of independence of scotland , there was an implication that scotland was too poor , too small or too stupid to govern its own affairs . 
  not only was this view totally incorrect , it was also very insulting to the scottish people , who obviously could create a very successful independent country and did not take kindly to insults suggesting otherwise . 
  in my view this kind of campaigining lead to the `` yes '' campaign to increase its score . 
  i think if juncker takes the view that the uk could not succeed outside the eu , british people will not only think this to be untrue ( look at all the other successful countries in the world which are not in the eu ! ), 
  but they will also feel quite insulted . 
  however , obviously juncker can not say that the uk could prosper and succeed outside the eu as this will be a massive advantage to the `` leave '' campaign . 
  on inflation , the question is whether this is entrenched or temporary ... 
   i collaborate on research with a certain british automaker mentioned on the article so i can certainly attest that things are moving fast in that front !, 
   this sounds like good news , at least !, 
  i think the uk 's productivity has improved at a slower rate compared to other countries ( hence a decline in relative productivity ) . 
  however , if you have data at ready access i 'd be interested to check ... 
   a fall in unemployment that at the same time does not help to fight misery seems to me rather hypocrite . 
  where are you getting `` misery '' from ? 
  the uk uses a relative definition for poverty statistics rather than an absolute definition . 
  it does n't make sense to say that relative poverty is `` misery '' . 
   the association agreement , or rather the refusal of the last ukranian president to sign it , is the catalyst for why there is a war in the donbass in the first place . 
  to me this looks like we 're saying that mh17 is a consequence of the association agreement , rather than saying that the association agreement is ( or should be ) a consequence of mh17 . 
  even if mh17 had n't happened , the association agreement would be happening , right ? 
   is there a perception in the uk that you have a productivity problem ? 
  i think this is one of the uk 's most serious problems , though it was n't a big issue in the recent general election . 
  it gets extensive coverage by economists . 
  [ the economist ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21652310-britains-stall-productivity-more-serious-any-rich-world-peer-closer-look ) have covered it . 
  [ the bank of england ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/quarterlybulletin/2014/qb14q201.pdf ) have covered it . 
  trying to make the uk more productive should be one of the key aims of this government . 
  edit - also , your figures are from 2013 . 
  my understanding is that the uk 's relative productivity has worsened since then . 
   dutch politicians should simply say we 're doing this because of mh17 that is n't the reason that the association agreement is happening though , is it ? 
  with inflation being basically zero and wages now rising at 3 % , the employment data in the uk is very good . 
  the government just needs to sort out the productivity problem . 
  the conservatives are divided on the eu which in some ways makes it interesting where people like the chairman of lloyds come out on this debate . 
  the referendum will be won or lost by the conservatives . 
  i hope the uk does leave and will vote for it to leave . 
  the rest of the eu not respecting the uk 's veto is one of the reasons . 
  what figures suggest this ? 
  ftse is lower now than it was a year ago . 
  what figures suggest major risk taking ? 
  all investment is inherently risky . 
  regulation can not avoid risk , otherwise you ca n't have capitalism . 
  regulations have lots of different and sometimes contradictory aims ... 
  the city likes some bits of the eu and not others . 
  there is a cost : benefit analysis . 
  different people in the city have different interests . 
  the risks are not just how the city is currently regulated , but also future regulation . 
  with a massive amount of recent new jobs and high wage increases , now is a good time to be in the city . 
  i read that the scottish law commission was considering getting rid of the `` not proven '' verdict ? 
  did they decide to keep it in the end ? 
  personally i quite like it as a verdict, 
   that we may have had to get ownership of the schools back did the state over own these schools ? 
  in the uk most church schools were originally built by the church rather than the state , so the state has never owned them . 
   then they can leave . 
  it makes no difference whether it 's now , or if they want to federalize , it 's still entirely up to the uk . 
  the last time that the rest of the eu member states signed a treaty which the uk vetoed ( the fiscal compact in dec 2011 ) , those other member states did n't `` leave '' but used eu institutions despite the uk veto and the uk 's initial protests . 
  so it is not quite clear that they would leave . 
   also ridiculous . 
  it 's not up to them , it 's up to the uk one way or another . 
  no one can force the uk to join an eu federation , so why the fuck does it matter about the 27 ? 
  it matters to them if they are intending to become a federation and use the existing eu framework and institutions to do that , if the uk is still in the eu and has different expectations . 
  i have one via work . 
   oh come on . 
  you 're asking 27 governments to state on behalf of future governments whether the eu is going to be a federation or not no , i 'm asking 27 governments to state that the uk will never be part of an eu federation . 
   i mean , you 're asking people to take something written in the preamble , a guide for how the treaty of rome is supposed to be read , as a binding provision and to state definitively that they 're not going to commit to this binding provision you 've invented . 
  whether or not `` ever closer union '' was in the treaty , this should still be the uk government 's position , to clarify its own intentions and reduce uncertainty . 
  because of the huge controversy over `` ever closer union '' , it should be clarified . 
  then everyone knows where we stand . 
   they can always leave the eu . 
  you 're asking the rest of europe to commit to an interpretation of the treaty of rome for the tories . 
  completely different ball game , and if you were a lawyer you would know this . 
  if diffent people have different interpretations of the treaties , this is problematic and should be flushed out . 
   and if you were a lawyer you either you think i am not a lawyer ( in which case you must conclude that i am delusional and a liar in which case it is odd that you communicating with me ) or this is an attempt to insult me . 
   i think being drunk is the only way to figure out how you thought that was a reasonable argument to make in the slightest . 
  it 's just so bizarrely outrageously ridiculous that i ca n't believe anyone would seriously try and make that argument . 
  again , either you think i am actually drunk ( in which case once again it is astonishing that you are trying to communicate with me ) or you are determined to insult me . 
  it is also in the very interesting and unique position of having having had a referendum and been one of the original parties to maastricht ( which makes it politically a bit different from the other euro outs like poland and hungary , which have the same legal obligations ) . 
  this is a very tricky question and i would need to go through the treaties with a fine tooth comb to work out exactly how this could be achieved . 
  i think if the uk stays in the eu this is essential though , so i am sure the british government is doing this . 
  obviously , the whole reason the uk is not in the euro is to avoid fixed exchange rates . 
  i do n't mean equivalent economic status , but equivalent legal and political status . 
  obviously the uk government could change and in that circumstance , if that government had a mandate to renegotiate , then that could happen . 
  so i do n't follow your undemocratic argument , i 'm not arguing for a suspension of elections .
