  dutch people are also culturally fairly similar to the british - you are very pragmatic rather than idealistic and thus ideological projects like the eu do not sit well with you . 
   if greece were to leave , not much would have changed . 
  member states already have the option to leave at will ( so does the uk ! ) . 
  the nature of the relationship the memberstates have with the eu would not leave . 
  greece looks to be leaving the euro but staying in the eu ( and there is currently no legal basis for doing this ) . 
  you were just now arguing that there should be a legal basis for it , with treaty change . 
  effectively , you are arguing for a repatriation of powers , cameron-style . 
   i am aware of the criticism of the maastricht treaty back in the past , and the uk might have been the nation that resisted to it the most in public . 
  denmark also put up good resistance , but the uk were the loudest and angriest . 
  there are many examples of this . 
  ( i have been reading the debates that took place in westminster during 1990s about maastricht , they are incredibly interesting . 
  everything that the british eurosceptic parliamentarians predicted in that period seems to be coming to pass . 
  we really should learn from history ) . 
  [ just yesterday our fomer foreign secretary and former leader of the conservative party issued another warning to the eurozone about the euro , reminding us of the warnings he issued in the 90s . 
  ( he wo n't be thanked . 
  ) ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/greece/11721838/greece-does-not-mark-the-end-of-the-euro-debacle-merely-the-beginning.html ), 
   it does n't seem to weird to assume that asking for treaty change now amounts to diplomatic suicide . 
  all goodwill the uk govt had left in europe will be gone instantly - and even then the chance for a hasty compromise on things that can not be compromised on is slim at best . 
  the uk would damage its negotiation position completely if it were to give in to such vulture-like behavior . 
  the uk has been asking for treaty change for a while , and has not changed its position . 
  treaty change has become more necessary , because of the events in greece , not less necessary . 
  the uk should not change its position . 
   the eu is here to last and states remain bound to their treaty obligations . 
  the entity we talk about will live way past the cameron administration and other future governments , as well as the constant change of public opinion . 
  the uk its electorate may very well be staunchly pro-eu by 2035 . 
  we can not predict the future , however in the event that the uk electorate is staunchly pro-eu in 2035 , they can elect a parliament that is staunchly pro-eu with an according mandate . 
  however , treaty obligations change with negotiations . 
   it is foolish to give in to the ` people ' , especially when the latter in majority can not possibly comprehend what the results of a brexit would be . 
  calling a referendum on the eu is an idiotic move on its own , as the tabloids will surely feed the people will kinds of nonsense in the weeks ahead of the referendum . 
  it is n't foolish to give in to the people , the government are meant to serve the people , not the other way round . 
  the people of the uk want a referendum on eu membership . 
  as you know , we just had a referendum in scotland , which was a triumph of democracy . 
  if we agree that scotland can vote on being part of the uk , it seems absurd to conclude that brits can not vote on eu membership . 
  as for the tabloids , i do n't read them , but i am glad we have a free press . 
  ( we also will get lots of nonsense from the euphile side too . ), 
   the flow of power to brussels moves only one way historically : towards it , and not away from it . 
  to change this trend would mean changing the entire relationship all memberstates have with the eu , which makes this more than a purely british issue . 
  yes , and this is a ridiculous rule . 
  many dutch people do n't think that power should always move towards brussels , and your own government is very close to the uk on this point in the continued emphasis that it should be the nation where possible and the eu only where necessary . 
  if greece leaves the euro , this will be an explicit acknowledgement that power does not move in just one direction . 
  ( this is why the grexit discussion is so interesting from a uk perspective . ), 
   i believe him . 
  many thanks, 
   which is questionable , as the uk allowed approved the current text of the treaties as well . 
  not being part of the eurozone does not vindicate the uk of responsibility in this . 
  your are correct that the uk government should have refused to sign the maastricht treaty , rather than simply telling every other country it would n't work , and opting out of monetary union itself . 
  however , uk leaders consistently and clearly pointed out to the eu all the flaws in the monetary union and in return they were either ignored or ridiculed . 
  thus if we are to aportion blame , the uk should get only a very small portion of that blame . 
   he does , yet if everyone would abide by that strict thinking the supranational way of decision making that nowadays dominates the eu would be jeopardized . 
  supranational thinking has jeopardised the eu . 
  supranational thinking brought us the euro , which does not work for countries that can not compete . 
   if david cameron wants to sabotage the current situation and throw the eurozone into further turmoil by denying vital treaty change , the latter is out of the option . 
  the uk has been arguing for treaty change for a while , with every other country arguing against it . 
  the uk is not denying treaty change . 
  every other country is . 
   better to have greece remain in legal limbo ( i.e. 
  being part of the eurozone , but having a currency of its own ) than meeting such demands . 
  remember very well that the uk is almost alone ( ! ), 
  in its demands , and the remaining sure as hell do not need to bow to this nonsense . 
  it depends on whether or not they want a brexit i guess . 
  i think cameron should insist on the uk getting an extensive repatriation of powers . 
  the fact that other eu countries do n't want to have powers repatriated to their countries should not stop cameron . 
   this all leaves greece at an ever growing risk of being forced out of the both the eurozone and the european union . 
  i disagree with this analysis . 
  there is no mechanism for forcing greece out of the eu , so i think you are dramatically overstating the risks . 
   our beloved / u/trucidator hahaha !, 
  ( i 'm not sure if i really am `` beloved '' but thanks anyway ! ), 
  it is used in the uk too . 
   exitaly uscita is the italian word for exit ... :-), 
   this has been said by others here as well , but i wonder if cameron will really want to make himself that hated . 
  now really is not the time to discuss the uk its desires , especially now a decision about greece has to be take on very short notice . 
  if the uk government were to sabotage the eu at this difficult moment , the last bit of respect i had for the cameron administration regarding european matters will go out of the window . 
  david cameron answers to the british electorate , not to politicians in other eu countries . 
  david cameron will be more popular in the uk if he uses this opportunity to focus on the uk getting what it needs , including an extensive repatriation of powers . 
  the fact that eurozone needs to be reformed is really not the uk 's fault . 
   it is , to an extent , like saying that alabama is in financial trouble so the dollar does n't work for them . 
  not quite , because alabama benefits from massive central taxation and effective fiscal transfers . 
  the usa also has strong central political institutions , far less economic divergence and a much more mobile labour market . 
   we all suffer from a perception bias , thinking that what happens to us is always of momentous and historical importance . 
  i suspect that the whole greek crisis will be just a footnote in history books and will hardly affect the future of the euro at all . 
  this will have profound and lasting political and economic consequences , which ever way it goes . 
  did you read my post ? 
  i clearly said that i view pictures of merkel in poor taste in the same way and i have consistently said this . 
  next time such an image gets posted or discussed message and i will comment . 
  please do n't imply that i think cartoons of merkel dressed as hitler are acceptable . 
  this is not my position . 
  not really , i do n't read or see every post on here . 
  yes , if the euro did not work for luxembourg it would be a failure . 
  it would n't matter so much if it did n't work out for a particular town as fiscal transfers are allowed within member states . 
  the fact that they are not allowed between member states and it is member states that had their own currencies previously is why we should primarily consider them as a metric . 
  i did n't see those posts , but i would make the same statement . 
   point being , the belief that a global society will happen does not have an ideological context of any sort . 
  it is merely an observation that the 19th century arrangements have become obsolete in a globalized world , and it is simple social inertia that strives to replace them . 
  it is n't me or like-minded individuals that are fighting for a global society , we 're only trying to make the best of it and make sure europe is n't lagging behind the rest of the world while globalisation might be inevitable , global governance is not inevitable . 
   that 's a non-statement . 
  `` a good democratic outcome '' is not a quantifiable thing . 
  a point can easily be made , especially in lieu of recent uk elections , that the nation state arrangement does not lead to a good democratic outcome either . 
  or that no society ever did . 
  i think the uk got a great outcome . 
  i 'm pleased with it .
