  i am very wary of that . 
   on greece , this matches with what i said about how the eu is presented . 
  was the transfer to eu institutions disastrous or was it what one side of politics did with the powers ? 
  if some other europarty had the upper hand in the council/parliament in 2009 the eurozone would probably look different today . 
  ultimately there would n't be any difference , because the eurozone 's hands are tied by the treaties , the refusal of germany , finland and the netherlands to consider the necessary fiscal transfers and the pronouncements of the german constitutional court . 
  the only solution to the eurozone 's woes are becoming a fiscal union . 
   i 'm sure the dutch socialist and labour parties and their voters would be more supportive of tsipras ' policies . 
  they 're not . 
  tsipras wants debt forgiveness . 
  no mainstream dutch politician is in favour of this . 
  the dutch labour party are currently part of the dutch government . 
  any party in the netherlands supporting tsipras is on the far-fringes of dutch politics . 
   the eurozone will probably be fine , the new banking union and ecb now acting as lender of last resort will stop any 2009 style blowups . 
  hopefully greece will just default california style and eventually get it back together . 
  banking union makes sense , but the ecb is not quite acting as lender of last resort and we are yet to see whether or not the qe programme will be successful . 
  califonia is part of a transfer union with the rest of the usa . 
  greece is n't with the eurozone . 
  a default within the eurozone will be incredibly messy and cause huge anger . 
  my computer does not seem to allow me res !, 
  i might be a technologically illiterate thugh ... 
  the economic reasons that the uk thought pertained then do not pertain now . 
  just as the uk and switzerland are different countries , the uk economy now is very different from the uk economy prior to thatcher . 
  that 's why your argument is simplistic . 
  separately , i am not even suggesting that my preferred choice is the uk reverting to efta . 
  i am suggesting an entirely new agreeement . 
  i 'm now remembering why i decided to ignore all your posts ... 
   it was a founding member of efta but it had to join the eu ( eec at that time ) because it was lagging behind the booming west germany and france . 
  while the uk was lagging behind , that does not mean that this was the fault of the efta . 
  much more likely it was because the uk 's economic model during the 60s and 70s was awful . 
  switzerland is hardly lagging behind , is it ? 
  i would far prefer the norwegian model or the swiss model to the current uk arrangement and note that norwegians and swiss also prefer it . 
  however , my preferred choice is a fta with the eu , like south korea and canada . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think farage particularly comments on switzerland . 
  the simplicity of my argument was on a par with the simplicity of your argument . 
  it did work out great . 
  look at switzerland . 
  they are the freeest most prosperous most democratic people in the world . 
   do n't expect , however , to trade on terms as favorable as a member . 
  i expect that the overall terms will be significantly better for the uk than the current terms . 
   you want to claw-back something you have previously agreed to give up . 
  it really comes down to whether or not you want to keep the uk in the eu or not !, 
  personally i hope that the reu will refuse any repatriation as that makes a brexit more likely . 
  however , the idea that repatriation can not happen strikes me as far-fetched . 
  in every other democratic structure we accept that powers can move in both directions : why not the eu ? 
   we have a whole gamut of trade agreements with the uk that predate the eu ( indeed , the eec ) and neither country is going to do anything to jeopardise the mutually beneficial relationship . 
  i even think some of the slightly surprising things about the uk/ireland relationship ( being able to vote in each others national elections and stand for parliament if we live in each others ' countries , irish people being able to fight in the british army , irish law and english common law following each other extremely closely ) will continue for a long while ... 
   nobody wants it to stop but ireland will trade with uk pretty much as the rest of the eu will , the eu is a customs union and the free trade agreements are negotiated by the commission on behalf of the members . 
  if nobody wants this free trade to stop , then i am fully confident that the uk and the reu will be able to negotiate a fta . 
  which members would be obstacles to that ? 
   so , as you can see for yourself , calling for repatriation of powers is dishonest because it can not work . 
  how do you know it can not work ? 
  it has n't been tried . 
  it is already the case that the eu accepts that the uk is a special case , with no obligation to join schengen or the euro . 
  the uk succeeded in negotiating opt outs of these things . 
  the uk succeeded in negotiating an opt out of the fiscal compact . 
  the uk succeeded in negotiating a rebate . 
  as you know , europeans specificially elected juncker who specifically has a mandate to give an answer to the british question and negotiate a deal that '' [ * accepts the specificities of the uk in the eu * ] ( http://juncker.epp.eu/my-priorities ) '' . 
  if the president of the eu commission thinks this is possible and the european voters who voted for him thinks its possible , then i find it a bit surprising that you disagree with him . 
   if one member states wants it , others will too , maybe not now but later . 
  your position a short while ago was that only the uk wanted opt outs ? 
  france does n't want any opt outs . 
  france loves being in schengen and the euro and getting all the great advantages that the euro gives france . 
  what makes you so sure that other countries want repatriation ? 
  jean-claude juncker is n't implying this . 
   it will never end , the haggling , the resentment over vetoes . 
  haggling is good . 
  this is part of the democratic process . 
  laws are made by men not gods and they can be changed by men . 
  if juncker is n't resentful , why are you ? 
   imagine scotland having the referendum every 4 years , snp will always have that democratic mandate as long as they win the election , right ? 
  if snp go into the next scottish election with a referendum as a manifesto commitment and win that election , they obviously should have a referendum and i would be delighted for them !, 
  i 'm really not afraid of referendums . 
  are you ? 
   so let 's say you have one democratic mandate to change the treaties in 8 member states and 20 democratic mandates to leave the treaties exactly the same or whatever variation of these numbers . 
  how does that work ? 
  i expect this would result in the uk having to either `` take it '' or `` leave it '' and in this circumstance i suspect that the uk would leave it and create an entirely new relationship with the reu . 
   so your proposal is to allow for treaty changes every 4 years or so , even tho that means reaching a consensus amongst 28 members for every single amendment to the treaties a member may want . 
  no , to clarify my idea is to allow for treaty changes every time there is a democratic mandate for them . 
  we do n't know how often that will occur . 
   how many years did it take to negotiate the lisbon treaty ? 
  do you honestly think that will leave the eu functional ? 
  should the 28 national elections at least be aligned ? 
  it took a long time . 
  however , we should not be afraid of renegotiating . 
   edit - just to add , in certain member states a change to the treaties may need a referendum . 
  this is a great thing . 
  this involves the people more directly . 
   and honestly , i 'd prefer to have the uk as a good neighbour that as a reluctant and insufferable roommate . 
  yes , i agree . 
  this is why i will be voting for a brexit . 
  scotland believes in free trade even more than england and ireland believe in free trade !, 
  they are the nation that brought the world adam smith and modern economics !, 
  ireland would n't want this trade to stop . 
  the uk would n't want this trade to stop . 
  it therefore wo n't stop unless someone else wants it to stop ? 
  but who would that be ? 
   uk polls show your opinion for leaving the eu is n't the most popular either ( although i 've seen contradictory polls lately ) . 
  the polls have been changing over the last year and are likely to change further , just as the polls changed dramatically during the scotland independence debate . 
   in any case , having the eu diluted to a dysfunctional , old-style international organization , a eto or efta is something popular only in britain .
