  it was n't really necessary , it just struck me as a fun and interesting point , connecting the english language , the norman conquest and brexit , the three great defining issues * du jour * ... 
   he seems nice enough imo , he just has different views than the norm on the sub . 
  that is really kind , thanks . 
  separately , i think that there is a bit of a problem with angry and very negative rhetoric on this sub . 
  this obviously comes from both sides , it just happens that people supporting brexit are in a minority in terms of posters . 
  the risk with angry rhetoric and downvotes aimed at everyone who supports a particular political view ( e.g. 
  brexit ) , rather than aimed at the quality of an argument , is that after a while the reasonable posters who want to argue in a civilized way will stop wanting to post here because the atmosphere will be too unpleasant ( and they will receive the same angry treatment whether they are trying to make serious polite posts or shitpost ) . 
  the people who will remain will be the shitposters . 
  this could create a negative feedback loop . 
   even if that is not the case , i do n't really find any value in it . 
  i have already in this thread a couple of times explained that my post was a conceit . 
  the whole purpose of a conceit is not to make an actual argument but a theoretical/implausible one , it is meant to surprise rather than to persuade . 
  if you do n't like conceits , that is fine , but they are meant to be fun imaginative things rather than anything else . 
  [ there was an interesting article in the spectator about how `` leave '' won the battle of the words . 
  ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/2016/09/brexit-the-triumph-of-a-word/ ) though - really - we should point out that `` brexiteer '' is a word that borrows from the french tradition rather than the germanic tradition ... , 
  this is one of the reasons why it never makes much sense looking at a single poll in isolation . 
  it is always worth looking at a series of polls ( and their trend ) . 
  what is the next step in the ceta process ? 
  is there a chance that wallonia decides to vote again in a different way ? 
  or is there a way of circumventing wallonia ? 
  or does the whole of ceta now have to be re-started ? 
  what was political about it ? 
   interesting that you did n't respond to my second paragraph which offered a perfect analogy for your nitpicking . 
  i just do n't know very much about the romanian language , as interesting as your descriptions of it are , so can not offer much insight there . 
  i am not going to dispute any of your conclusions . 
   but i have a bone to pick with the fact that you consider the word choice as something relevant to a purely political choice , almost endorsing it as some sort of influence . 
  perhaps this is an instance of language and culture obscuring communication . 
  did you read my first post and think that i was making a serious argument that the reason leave won was because of the origins of the word ? 
  or did you think `` this guy is making a conceit ? 
   my point still stands . 
  it 's completely arbitrary and irrelevant ; nothing more than confirmation bias . 
  i am not trying to make a serious argument that the actual reason for the leave vote was because of the words on the ballot paper !, 
  the real reason that the uk left the eu is simply because the eu is just a very poor product . 
  i am just engaged in a conceit . 
  the linguistic dichotomy of itself is not arbitrary , but fascinating . 
  loads of good portuguese restaurants in south london - can confirm that they are worth visiting !, 
  ( i loved food in lisbon this summer too ! ), 
  no , brexit was a wonderful thing on its own merits . 
  the dichotomy between anglo-saxon words and norman words is just an incredibly interesting phenomenon for linguists/sociologists . 
  if you are interested in the english language ( or linguistics generally ) , you can not help be interested in this dichotomy . 
  it is just a delicious irony that `` leave '' and `` remain '' have these different origins and on seeing this post about the norman conquest i reflected on the interesting parallels . 
  why the hate ? 
  elections would politicise the monarchy . 
  the whole purpose of it is to make it non-political . 
  lol . 
  the good news is that william and kate know exactly how to behave as monarchs . 
  they go round the world waving and smiling and looking happy . 
  and they shut the fuck up !, 
  they have guaranteed the monarchy for another couple of generations . 
  william the conqueror changed the english language forever . 
  english became a language with two parallel vocabularies , anglo-saxon ( germanic ) words , for the poorer , left-behind and countryside `` folk '' and french words for the richer metropolitan elite `` peoples '' . 
  what is astonishing is that even now , 950 years later , there is still a big difference between these two vocabularies deep down within us as multiple linguists have observed . 
  anglo-saxon ( germanic ) words are emotional and visceral . 
  we `` shit '' and we `` fuck '' in anglo-saxon ( french swearwords never caught on ) . 
  if you give someone a `` hearty welcome '' , you care about them . 
  if you give someone a `` cordial reception '' you really do not care about them . 
  for brits it is more important to `` be free '' than to `` have liberty '' , things like `` knowledge '' are more important than `` theory '' , we expect our family to be `` brotherly and fatherly '' rather than `` fraternal and paternal '' . 
  there is something abstract and unemotional about words that come from the french . 
  when the electoral commission approved the wording of the referendum question i was delighted . 
  `` leave '' is a good old anglo-saxon word , whereas `` remain '' is one of those new french words that the normans brought over . 
  one of those words would hit our hearts , the other one would n't . 
  we waited a long time for this . 
  the reasons and causes are primarily cultural and historic . 
  experience of early 20th century history in continental europe lead continental europe to distrust their own institutions . 
  it did the opposite in the uk . 
  the uk , culturally , has not been a nation of ideology or grands projets or grandes idees . 
  the eu is essentially a grand projet and a grande idee , and inevitably this leads the uk to distrust it . 
  there are also fundamental organisational and practical problems related to the euro . 
  the uk is never going to join the euro and there is in the long-run no real point to being in the eu but being out of the euro . 
  that policy was never going to be sustainable in the long-term , there would have been continual disagreements . 
  but , really , does it make sense to repeat these arguments ? 
  while they are interesting to me and interesting to you , we had them ad nauseam before the referendum and now the referendum has taken place . 
  the leavers won and the remainers lost . 
  does n't it make more sense for you to focus your energies on making a success of the remaining eu and to forget about the uk ? 
  ( there is a lot of work to be done to make the eu work well , as you know . ), 
  not identifying with an institution is a specific problem . 
  the only way to solve that problem is to remove the institution . 
  that is what brexit achieved . 
   is n't the role of king in britain just to smile and wave ? 
  almost . 
  it is to smile , wave and shut up . 
  charles is good at smiling and waving , but he seems to be shit at shutting up . 
  it is not about winning or losing it is about mathematics . 
  when considering the size of the eu 's market , the uk should not include its own market in that figure . 
   i 'm really not sure if it is sad or hilarious . 
  it is neither , instead it is fantastic . 
  the people forced the government to change its position . 
  this is wonderful in a democracy . 
  the government is for the people , not the other way round . 
   the horrifying thing is that they could do that again and again . 
  activate article 50 , withdraw article 50 . 
  i have n't seen the article that you speak of , but article 50 in itself does not have withdrawal provisions within it and they probably should not be inferred . 
   actually the fact that it is non binding could also have influenced people to vote for brexit , because they may have thought politicians would pull the brake if it turned out to be a disaster . 
  no , not really . 
  there was zero discussion about it being `` non-binding '' before the referendum . 
  in fact , precisely the opposite of this , the government sent a booklet to every single home in the uk confirming that it would respect the result of the referendum . 
   that the law that states the referendum is non-binding there is no law that states that the referendum is non-binding that has been implemented in the way you describe . 
  the legislation enacting the referendum did not have within it binding or non-binding clauses . 
  as a matter of uk constitutional law , parliament is sovereign so nothing is binding . 
  actually any brits who take eusceptic positions tend to get downvoted .
