  it would be undemocratic for them not to reform it . 
  the people have spoken . 
  we just had an election and we just decided that we wanted ids in government . 
  it happened three weeks ago ... 
  if most people forget about it , perhaps it is n't that serious ? 
  yes , but the uk 's democracy is sufficiently strong so as not to need this . 
  the uk has n't had dictators or extreme governments or civil wars or revolutions for centuries . 
  there is no tradition of far right or far left movements in the uk . 
  we could have an election and decide whether or not we wanted iain duncan smith to stay in government . 
  yes , though it is somewhat anomalous as the electoral roll being used , other than in the case of gib , is the general election one . 
  yes , i agree . 
  the uk as part of the customs union but not the rest would make a lot of sense . 
  not really . 
  this is very popular among a lot of the british electorate . 
  human rights legislation is not the word of god . 
  it is created by man . 
  and man is also empowered to change it . 
  if the british people want to change human rights legislation in the uk , then the government should not be afraid of doing so . 
  no , they do n't vote in uk parliamentary elections . 
  they have their own parliament . 
  the uk has a court system that can find against the executive branch of the government . 
  your post reads as if you were n't aware of that . 
  i 'd be delighted if the people that paid for the cost of milk were milk consumers rather than the taxpayer . 
  those who are settled in the uk are generally eligible . 
  actually the uk within the eu is not able to make free trade agreements . 
  it is an eu competency . 
  the uk can only do it when it leaves the eu . 
  if the uk left the eu it would probably sign an fta with the usa quickly . 
  yes , it is . 
  if you take out the uk economy , the rest of the eu 's economy is smaller that the american one . 
  if the uk wanted a free trade market with the largest economic entity in the world it would go with the usa . 
  the usa economy is larger that the reu one . 
  no , a british citizen living in australia for more than 15 years is not eligible to vote . 
  germany does not have laws against dual nationality . 
  if spain has laws against it , then this is not the fault of the uk government . 
  maybe spain should change those laws ? 
  people that have not bothered to become uk citizens can apply to become brtish citizens if they want . 
  it is not ridiculous to expect them to apply . 
  that way they get the benefit of voting in uk general elections and they also get brtish consular assistance overseas . 
  really , if they are committed to life in the uk , they should apply . 
  it is n't just ireland that is in the commonwealth , malta and cyprus are too , so they can vote . 
  other eu countries can apply to join the commonwealth if they want . 
  irish citizens are actually not foreigners under uk law . 
  :-) irish people have always been able to stand for parliament in the uk , vote in british elections , travel to the uk without a passport etc , and vice versa with british citizens into ireland . 
  the legal basis is just sovereignty of parliament in the uk . 
  the uk government makes the law . 
  that 's all the legal basis that is needed here as we do n't have a written constitution ... 
  if they feel strongly about voting in the eu referendum , they can become british . 
  no need for any bad taste in their mouths . 
   would n't they have had to do that after the election anyway ? 
  seems a bit odd . . 
  anyway did not know that it was neglect-by-choice on both westminster and hollyrood 's part . 
  cheers for the lesson !, 
  not really - the ruk had already stated that it would give british nationality to everyone in scotland who had british nationality prior to independence . 
  scotland did not say who would end up with scottish nationality , but i assume they would have based it on residence . 
  on the eu , i understand that many reuropeans are connected to the uk . 
  however , they can now , if they feel strongly about voting , apply to become british citizens . 
  also , essentially what the british government is doing is not changing the franchise , but using the current franchise . 
  this is very british - rather than think about things ideologically , just use the system that currently works . 
  as i said in my own comment , i think its fair that matters of national self-determination were left to the nationalities . 
  but if people from the commonwealth wanted to involve themselves in a question of ( british ) national importance , should n't they apply for citizenship as well ? 
  i have mixed feelings about commonwealth citizens : they are still quite connected to the uk and generally those connections are a good thing . 
  we allow them to vote in general elections in the uk and generally they can fight in the british military , a lot of them have the queen as the head of state and some of those countries also allow brits to vote in their national elections . 
  so it seems a bit mean to reduce their rights . 
   as for the definition of scottish nationals , i was under the impression that defining who/what a `` scottish national '' is was n't even attempted by london . 
  it was n't attempted by westminster / hollyrood . 
  it would have been impossible and subject to all kinds of legal challenge ... 
  those eu people living long term in the uk can become british if they want . 
  i would ask all irish people to go out and vote for britain to leave the eu . 
  in relation to scotland , there is no definition of a scottish person that is widely accepted and legally testable . 
  therefore , they had to go on residence and had to exclude scottish people living in england . 
  in relation to the uk eu referendum , there are really only two possible alternatives as there are two different electoral rolls : the one for eu elections and the one for uk general elections . 
  the former would exclude british passport holders overseas , the latter excludes eu citizens in britain . 
  i think it is fair that the former are preferred over the latter . 
  any eu citizens that really want to involve themselves in a question of national importance are welcome to apply to become british . 
  the same way that we handle all the non-europeans already in the uk ... 
  not really . 
  maltese , cypriot and irish citizens can vote . 
  the rest of them can apply to become british . 
  obviously the referendum should not be for them if they do n't want to be british . 
  are figures from 2014 not available ? 
  plaid cymru is the fourth most popular political party in wales . 
  this has long been an annoyance in the uk . 
  there is a belief here that the reason why the completion of the single market in services remains far from complete is because germany is not so good at services as the uk . 
  ( i do n't know if there is truth in this belief though . ), 
  the scottish referendum was not predicted to be on a knife-edge . 
  almost everyone predicted a `` no '' victory - the bookies began paying out on a `` no '' result before the polls opened . 
  most people were not surprised by the outcome ... 
  i think in the case of the last uk elections , it is not the case that there was a last minute swing , but more the case that the polls were always wrong ... generally in the past in uk general elections ( other than this year ) there is a shift towards the incumbent government that happens during the campaign . 
  if this happened this time , the polls did not show it . 
  also , in a way the uk did not completely vote for the status quo this time . 
  the huge punishment of the lib dems was kind of a rejection of the status quo ... 
  originally there was an expectation that the bailouts would be for the entire eu and not the eurozone . 
  the uk was a party to the first greek bailout , in the dying days of the last labour government . 
  the conservatives refused to be part of the following bailouts , other than the irish one bilaterally . 
  are 2014 figures not available ? 
  this is a bit like beating france in the eurovision song contest . 
  technically it might be true , but for some reason we do n't feel like celebrating ... 
  no worries , thanks for confirming . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not far-right .
