  this is why they have n't really got a united position on other things , like the immigration question . 
   99.999 / 0.0001 in favor -  ongoing complaining i am that one guy , in the 0.001 that will vote to leave . 
  i am personally never going to stop complaining about the eu . 
   on a continental scale , europe has more uk expats than north america , the next leading continent . 
  half a million more , by my cursory estimate . 
  leaving the eu would make travelling to , living in , and working in these countries far more difficult ; the right to travel and live in other member states would effectively be removed . 
  i 'm not sure where your data is from . 
  leaving the eu wo n't of itselkf make travelling , living or working in these countries more difficult : it depends what arrangements are put in place afterwards . 
  things like travelling will likely not be impacted . 
   the uk is also one of the slowest countries in the eu to adopt both consumer and human rights protections . 
  the ecj and echr effectively paved the way for british people in this regard . 
  i 'm not saying you ca n't enact similar laws - i 'm saying you wo n't . 
  i trust the uk parliament to enact legislation that the british people want . 
   not about having to stand in a queue . 
  i love queues as long as they are orderly !, 
   he explicitely converted the thing in an all-or-nothing kind of referendum , avoiding the `` more autonomy '' option . 
  iirc , this was what scots preferred ( dunno about the english ) . 
  the snp campaigned for an independence referendum in the scottish election of 2011 and they won that election . 
  so it seems like the scots wanted a refendum on that . 
   this implies that he wants to perpetuate in power before looking the best for his citizens . 
  also , leaving the eu can be a very costly mistake , and something that could make him to be remembered as a villain . 
  staying in the eu can be a very costly mistake in my mind . 
  in any case , the decision should be made by the people . 
  the people know what is best for them . 
   cameron had the option and he was the one who took it off the table btw , to have a third question on the ballot for devo-max . 
  i thought that the snp in their manifesto for the 2011 scottish elections specifically campaigned for a referendum on independence ( and devo max was not on the table ) ? 
  given this , i think cameron was correct to go for an independence referendum , given that it was what scottish people wanted . 
  separately , i am not aware of there having been any referendum on which there are three choices ? 
  there are all kinds of problems that would have arisen with such a referendum , particularly as `` devo max '' has such an uncertain meaning . 
   that could have been negotiated before the referendum but he played with fire as the other person said and now he 's doing it again with the eu and scotland bill . 
  why is he playing with fire with the eu referendum ? 
  it is good for the people to make a decision here . 
  i welcome the referendum . 
   having lived in the uk for awhile , they like to complain a lot . 
  and , judging by your constant complaints about the uk on this sub , you have certainly learned something from us . 
   you know , we really like that you 're a part of this union , but we wo n't move mountains so you stay . 
  we all know whose economy will be impacted more . 
  the impact on the economy is very uncertain because it depends on the new relationship between the uk and the reu and what both entities do in the medium term on a whole host of political and economic decisions ... 
   so you 'd just be a second class eu country , having to follow their laws but having no influence in their creation . 
  being in the eea rather than the eu is something most norwegians prefer , and i personally agree with most norwegians , it is a better option . 
  however , i think the uk can renegotiate an entirely different kind of agreement with the reu ( and that would be my personal preference ) . 
   and the ability to travel and live in other member states . 
  plenty of brits travel and live all over the world . 
  the main destinations of choice for brits to travel and live are not eu countries . 
  you do n't need to be in the eu just to travel and live there . 
   and protection for consumers under eu law . 
  the uk govenment is also able to enact consumer protection legislation ( as is every other government in the world ) . 
   yeah but i 'm a scot living in germany : / i 'm not sure why that changes anything ... 
   such an important question as independence should n't be revisited every few years . 
  it 's not like electing a government , it 's an irreversible change . 
  if the question is important , then this is even more a reason for the people to vote on it when they want to . 
  also , it is not irreversible . 
   cameron played with fire in scotland . 
  he won , but he could have lost a lot . 
  he 's doing it again , may be he will get burnt this time . 
  cameron had no option but to give scotland a referedum , given that scotish people elected a government that wanted one . 
  refusing them a referendum would have been a worse decision . 
  also , cameron is not playing with fire with the eu referendum . 
  without making that promise , he might not have won the election . 
   to be blunt , my personal opinion is that you guys can fuck off . 
  you just want the benefits and throw a tantrum every time you have to suffer even a minor downside what downsides have you suffered ? 
   so if it 's going to be a referendum , i do n't see the point of negotiating anything . 
  i do n't think is a honest way of forcing a negotiation . 
  nobody is being forced to negotiate . 
  if other nations do n't want to negotiate , then they can refuse . 
  i personally will vote to leave whatever the outcome of the renegotiation , so i do understand where you are coming from . 
  i am anxious too . 
   are you fucking kidding me ? 
  `` leave '' is currently winning in england and wales . 
  wtf is this shite ? 
  the uk does n't need to be in the eu . 
  the eu has also shown itself to be singularly incampable of managing its flagship projects , open borders and monetary union . 
  unsurprisingly , despite the fact that the uk is not involved in these projects , it has made us less keen to be in `` ever closer union '' with you . 
   i think it should , same for wales and ni . 
  being dragged out of europe because of some middle england xenophobic hysteria is n't what any of us signed up to the vote is on eu membership . 
  we will be in europe whether or not we are in the eu . 
  also , wanting the uk to leave the eu is not xenphobic . 
  the people that will be most bored will be scots ... 
  if they want it , let them have it . 
  self-determination is too important . 
   ah yes , the invasion of britain by normans-purebred-blond-vikings-who-were-totally-not-french , another british favourite :d 1066 definitely hurt , we 're not going to pretend otherwise . 
  but , we have definitely given as good as we have gotten over the years !, 
   the scots could only leave with the approval of westminster , which i think is highly unlikely even if we do leave the eu . 
  you just had a referendum knowing that we would be having an eu referendum soon after and you voted to stay . 
  i disagree . 
  scotland should have a referendum on independence if scotland elects a government which specifically campaign for a referendum on independence ( same as last time ) . 
  westminster should not put up barriers to the democratic choice of scotland . 
   i feel like the fear of one is why the government is bringing the referendum forward ( i.e. , further away from the next election ) . 
  there is no certainty that the government is bringing forward the referendum . 
  i suspect that downing street thinks that an early referendum is more winnable . 
   if you are going out to a polling station to vote to stay/leave the eu and only make a decision when you are there based on the wording of the question you probably should n't be voting . 
  for democracy to work best , all potential confusion on ballot papers should be eliminated . 
  when considering what might be confusing or likely to influence a voting decision , we should of course not just consider those of normal intelligence , but people with low intelligence and learning difficulties ( who obviously should not be disenfranchised ) . 
   what do you think happens afterwards if it would be 47/53 in favour of staying ? 
  productive cooperation or ongoing complaining ? 
  ongoing complaining . 
  `` should the uk remain a member of the eu ? '', 
  then boxes for `` yes '' and `` no '' . 
  the new question is seen as benefitting those that want the uk to leave the eu . 
  `` two world wars and one world cup ! '',
