   this is just unprincipled and outright hostile in the most disingenuous and passive-aggressive way . 
  this is entirely principled and not remotely hostile . 
  i 'm a strong believer in scottish independence and on balance i sincerely hope that scotland gets independence . 
  the fact that the yet campaign has been amateur is really not my fault . 
   so scotland can not make threats to take on shared debt why not ? 
  scotland can of course make these threats . 
  if this is scotland 's plan , they can and should be clear about it . 
  i 'm entirely happy for scotland to make these threats and have never said otherwise . 
   the uk government can make threats to not take on shared institutions . 
  yes , the uk can confirm that it will not enter into a currency union , after receiving independent advice from the treasury that such a union would be unbridgeable . 
  if one of the parties to that currency union wants different levels of taxation , different levels of spending , different levels of borrowing and has indicated that it might itself pull out of the currency union at any time and set up its own currency or join the euro , then , surprise surprise , the other party might not want to join it . 
   there is a air of hinted intimidation on the part of the current westminster government 's `` you can vote yes , but ... '' , which is all too often downplayed , while any attempt by the yes campaign to play hardball is seen as childish and unreasonable . 
  you have your referendum . 
  you can up-play the intimidation as much as you like . 
  you 're right the influence over pound sterling is an asset . 
  but the reason why that asset has value now is because it is held by one entity . 
  that asset will lose a lot of value if it is held by two parties , who plan different levels of taxation , different levels of spending and are moving further apart and one of the parties openly discusses it as an interim arrangement before potentially setting up a new currency or joining the euro . 
  the ruk government has an obligation to keep the value of that asset . 
  scotland is quite capable of formally or informally approaching anyone it wants . 
  other member states are all following the independence debate and all of them are likely to want friendly relations with an independent scotland . 
  i expect some of them would be quite happy to give their view on how to deal with an independent scotland . 
  spain , for example , has already made clear that it would not veto the membership of scotland provided independence comes via a legal process . 
  given that spain has already `` meddled into the internal matters of a friendly country '' it would make sense for scotland to confirm with spain that spain is happy for scotland to have a rebate , not join schengen and not be obliged to join the euro . 
  perhaps some of those states might not respond ? 
  welcome to real world . 
   it 's about joint control of the bank of england , which then translates to a currency union . 
  ruk is not forcing scotland into a union . 
  scotland can vote however they want . 
  they can of course vote to disolve the union so that iscotland and ruk are separate countries . 
  once they are separate , quite obviously , one of those two countries could not force the other one into a currency union . 
  to pretend otherwise is insanity . 
   this is the thing , it is almost impossible to make any assumption , especially with the uk government refusing `` pre-negotiation '' . 
  the no campaign is severely advantaged by the fact it can pretend that voting no would mean things will continue as they are , despite the fact that the future does not work like that . 
  iscotland would not be negotiating rebate from the cap , opt-out from schengen with ruk . 
  it would be negotiating them with the 26 other member states of the eu . 
  ruk can not really control the views of these 26 other member states . 
  if iscotland wants to prenegotiate these things , it should prenegotiate them with each member state of the eu , rather than just ruk . 
  the no campaign is not pretending things will continue as they are . 
  the no campaign has no idea what slovakia and spain and sweden will agree to with scotland . 
  and nor does the yes campaign ( who are the ones who should be finding out ) . 
   but osborn 's statement that there will be no joint ownership of the bank of england is perfectly fine , despite the fact that it has been built on the shared resources of the union ? 
  this is about a currency union , not just ownership of an asset . 
  for a currency union , you need both parties to agree to that union . 
  one party can not force another party into that union . 
   there 's no legal reason why seceding area should take part of the debt of the country . 
  the debt belongs to the heir-country alone if not stated otherwise - similarly how baltic states are n't responsible for their part of the ussr-debt . 
  the governing law of uk national debt is english law . 
  there is nothing to stop the uk parliament passing legislation so that legally , on independence , the debt is split pro rata according to population shares . 
  i 'm not saying this is what will happen . 
  i just saying that as a matter of law it is a bit more complicated than you state . 
   osborne turned it bitter , osborne decided there wo n't be any amicable negotiations so salmond is exploring the full ramifications of that , scotland walks away and does n't discuss debt with ruk . 
    would he actually do it ? 
  probably not but he has to do something to remind osborne that there are things he might want from iscotland and it 's going to be harder to get them if he is n't playing nice . 
  this is n't about osborne . 
  this is about advice from her majesty 's treasury that has been published and which the conservatives , lib dems and labour have all said they will follow . 
   rather than any legitimate reason beyond that . 
  [ the treasury has published advice outlining unbridgable challenges to a currency union ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/feb/12/uk-parties-rule-out-currency-union-scotland ) . 
  following the advice of the treasury , indpendent civil servants is n't politicking . 
  it is following the advice of civil servants . 
   hell , the us congratulates itself for 2.5 % growth for the year , when in any other time this would be considered pathetic . 
  funny times we live in now , where anything other than economic collapse seems to be a sign of victory . 
  2.5 % growth has been more or less the us long-term growth for the last 50 years or so . 
  it 's not pathetic . 
   toyota supra mk4s are really expensive here , and in the uk their not . 
  so is it possible ? 
  i 'm assuming by `` here '' you are talking about portugal ? 
  yes , you can take it back to portugal . 
  however , you do know that in the uk we drive on a different side of the road ? 
   all things being equal post independence , scotland has a lower deficit and so could more easily afford the cut . 
  also , i do n't necessarily see why westminster would decide to engage in a race to the bottom , considering they have n't done so with ireland . 
  a race to the bottom ? 
  this would actually be a race that would benefit both the ruk and iscotland . 
  it would make sense for both ruk and iscotland to have very low corporation taxes . 
  i welcome and applaud iscotland 's commitment to lower taxes . 
  i personally think that in an ideal uk , in which there was real devo-max , iscotland should have much greater powers over taxation . 
   there 's not precedence for their case , so it 's not entirely wishful thinking either . 
  it 's rather unlikely they 'll be able to get it though . 
  there are other interesting questions too . 
  will iscotland get the benefit of uk 's opt out of schengen ? 
  scotland would like not to join schengen but instead join the common travel area with england and ireland . 
  ( both england and ireland would prefer this too . ), 
  will iscotland get a share of ruk 's rebate from the cap ? 
  all the other member states would need to agree to these opt-outs . 
   scotland , or rather the scottish government , does not have the legal right to engage in foreign relations and no country would engage with the scottish government so as not to piss westminster off . 
  it 's a power reserved to westminster and there 's very little that scotland can do about it . 
  if they could ask they would have . 
  scotland might not have a legal right under uk law to engage in diplomacy on its own account , but there is nothing to stop it raising questions on an informal basis as a matter of politics . 
  this is how diplomacy works in the real world . 
  how other member states would choose to respond to this kind of diplomacy is a matter for those other countries - presumably many of them would want to have good relations with an iscotland going forwards that would be separate from their relations with westminster . 
   i do n't understand why they do n't join the eurozone . 
  joining the euro is very unpopular among scottish voters . 
   unfortunately this holds true only for the pre-2008 period . 
  it was n't even true for the pre-2008 period . 
  the long term average growth for industrialised economies tends to be close to 2 percent . 
  3.5 percent would be strong growth for an industrialised economy . 
   i am right now roughly there in my career ( 4 years + ) . 
  the reason there 's a shortage is because grads 2-4 years ago grads could n't find opening positions and therefore do n't have 2-5 years experience . 
  i more or less agree . 
  but law firms also have more work than they had a few years ago . 
  so need more lawyers at every level .
