   is n't that a bit biased much much ? 
  governments are not meant to be neutral , they are meant to have positions . 
  the important thing is that the way the question on the ballot paper is framed is neutral . 
  but the government should be allowed to campaign in a referendum , like the way the uk government campaigned for a remain vote in the brexit referendum . 
   trump would , in all likelihood , be a mostly harmless figurehead president that would n't actually get to make many ( if any ) decisions on his own . 
  i agree that trump would be very constrained by other us institutions ( supreme court , house , senate ... ), 
   is just not true , every leaver i spoke to face-to-face at the time believed article 50 should and would be invoked . 
  if the leave campaign did believe what you say , they certainly were n't loud about it . 
  [ voteleave were very clear about that article 50 would not be invoked immediately . 
  ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/a_framework_for_taking_back_control_and_establishing_a_new_uk_eu_deal_after_23_june.html ) and it was [ covered by the media ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/06/vote-leaves-action-plan-shows-brexit-wouldnt-leap-dark/ ) . 
  [ here is lord owen of vote leave confirming that it should not be activated immediately . 
  ] ( http://www.lorddavidowen.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/speech-vote-leavehq19.5.16.pdf ) and here is [ daniel hannan of vote leave confirming it ] ( http://www.conservativehome.com/thecolumnists/2016/04/daniel-hannan-heres-what-happens-when-britain-votes-to-leave.html ) and here is [ gove confirming that it would not take place immediately ] ( http://www.voteleavetakecontrol.org/assets-d3n8a8pro7vhmx.cloudfront.net/voteleave/pages/271/attachments/original/1461057270/mgspeech194version2.pdf ) . 
  it was only the remain side arguing that the government would have to invoke it immediately . 
  history has shown that vote leave were correct . 
   do you not remember the resounding cries of disbelief when people realized there was n't a plan ? 
  leave had been promising a plan the whole time there is no political party called `` leave '' . 
  the people with power to put in place a plan and actually negotiate were never `` leave '' , they were instead the government . 
  that is how things work in our democracy , the government , elected by the people are responsible for governing the country . 
  it was never going to be the case that the government , after the referendum , would decide to put in place a plan that unanswerable people wrote . 
  that is just not how government works and it is astonishing that you think it does work that way . 
  hahaha . 
  ok - i was in brussels a weekend ago and drove to ghent . 
  that language changing thing with signs on the motorways freaked me out !, 
  one moment things were in french , which i can understand , next moment they were n't !, 
   i think the idea is to force the banks to move , at least partialy , in continental europe . 
  the bank will not stop doing business , so they will move rather than lose money . 
  banks are already partially in continental europe . 
  but most of their global business is not going to be done there . 
   paris-london is a 2h trip with the eurostar , the banksters wo n't even have to move if they do n't want to . 
  the french president 's enemy is finance . 
  france is trying to put in place a financial transaction tax . 
  nobody is moving to paris . 
   for now . 
  not much of a point in staying in britain if it 's just the world 's fifth ( ? ), 
  largest economy , rather than a member of the largest economic union . 
  finance goes where it is well regulated , where there is a collection of professionals , where the legal system is geared up for finance . 
  what do singapore , hong kong , london and new york have in common ? 
  the english language and the common law . 
   but i wonder if this would fall under the uk 's 2011 european union act and therefore necessitate a referendum in the uk if ceta were to be adopted before the uk leaves the eu ? 
  i do n't think it would . 
  a very poorly written article :  '' * the only scenario in which le pen would not advance is if she were to run against les r\u00e9publicains ( formerly the ump ) candidate and bordeaux mayor alain jupp\u00e9 , who is currently campaigning to win the country 's centre-right primary . 
  * '' even if juppe is the candidate for lrs , mlp still makes it to second round . 
   the ecb has to approve it . 
  you can jump up and down and say it is n't fair that new york can clear euros and london ca n't but that 's it . 
  if the eu wants to punish the uk and they have said over and over again they do - they can . 
  it is actually fairly difficult for the ecb to both have the euro as a reserve currency and to stop it being cleared in the most important financial centre for derivatives . 
  if the ecb starts putting in place arbitrary regulation ( i.e. 
  we are happy for ny to clear euros but not london , just because ) then that is not going to be good for the eu long-term or even short term . 
  arbitrary regulation is not a cost-free exercise . 
   another reminder : david cameron promised he would immediately invoke article 50 in case leave won this was one of the lies of the remain campaign . 
  vote leave consistently argued that article 50 should not be invoked immediately , but instead the british government should work out a negotiating position before invoking article 50 . 
  history has shown that vote leave were correct . 
   why would the eu countries do euro business in a country not using euros and not thinking the eu is good enough ? 
  they would be mad to keep it there !, 
  the city of london clears swaps not just in sterling and euro , but in dollars , remimbi , yen and every other currency in which swaps are denominated . 
  that 's the thing about global capitalism : if you want to be part of it , you have to accept the free flows of capital . 
  whole of the uk constitution is weird . 
  it does n't work in theory , but it does work in practice . 
  ask the manx , do n't ask us !, 
  ( we wo n't mind too much if you do ... ), 
  isle of man is almost equidistant from ireland , england , scotland and wales and regards each of these with the same distrust ... 
  i used to live in one of the poorest parts of london , tower hamlets , in what was considered a rough neighbourhood . 
  i 'm just an average skinny white guy . 
  in the four years i lived there i never encountered a problem . 
   i am not talking about possible events but probable ones . 
  if you are running a country you have to consider both possible events and probable events . 
  given that we have already seen in the eurozone that different countries have been impacted by financial shocks in different ways , it would be madness for bulgaria not to recognise that this might happen to them too . 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i am talking about what bulgaria could do in the circumstance in which it experienced a severe economic shock that the eurozone did not experience . 
  this is where it might want to break the peg . 
  agreed with this . 
  i want to see what budapest can do ( and an excuse to go there again ) . 
   we 're talking about bulgarian economy . 
  they wo n't break the peg for shitts and giggles but because either the euro or lev have issues . 
  which one do you think is more stable ? 
  there could , at some time in the future , be an assymetric economic shock that impacts bulgaria much more than it impacts the eurozone . 
  in this circumstance it may make sense for the peg to be broken : i.e. 
  an external devaluation rather than an internal devaluation . 
   not everyone can be an export champion . 
  someone has to do the importing . 
  your friendly north western neighbours across the sea are import champions and that does not look like it is going to change ... 
   you 're shifting posts by suddenly mentioning language and legal system . 
  i 'm mentioning it because it allows easier movements of people so that unemployment levels can be kept largely similar across the uk . 
   doubt that 's a popular measure atm . 
  guys let 's create inflation and have prices sky rocket . 
  just because a currency floats freely against the euro , this does not mean that there is high inflation . 
   you 're already pegged to the euro . 
  if euro will suffer volatility problems , bulgaria will suffer even more . 
  the good thing about a peg is that you have the option of breaking it . 
  inside the euro bulgaria no longer has that option . 
   so like london and cornwall ? 
  london and cornwall have the same language , the same legal system , have pooled debt ( uk gilts ) , the same government and massive fiscal transfers which the people of london and cornwall both accept . 
  unemployment rates in london and cornwall are not too different . 
  i do n't think this is remotely on the same scale as the eurozone , which needs far far larger fiscal transfers and pooled debts . 
   maybe it was just wrong to get a single currency ? 
  if you are interested , it would be worth reading the various uk house of commons debates on the single currency that took place in the 1990s . 
  i can try and dig them out for you . 
  with the benefit of hindsight , the uk staying out of the eurozone and eventually the british people voting for leave - they make for fascinating reading . 
   you brexiters just wan na play your `` divide and rule '' games . 
  we do n't need to .
