  or perhaps it is that it does n't matter . 
   the figures are as i quoted them . 
  they do not say what you 're claiming . 
  are you just ignoring italy 's recorded growth rates ? 
  or are you including the crisis period in order to make the claim ? 
  because the crisis is still there , euro or no euro . 
  i 'd agree that nearly every country affected by the crisis has had their overall growth slashed , but that applies whether you 're iceland , the uk , or italy . 
  i 'm looking at the entire time that italy has spent in the euro . 
  it does n't make sense not to consider the crisis , because our judgment of the success of the euro must also consider how well a currency copes with a crisis . 
  it is also the case that the crisis has lasted much longer , partly because of the euro . 
  is your position that when considering the impact of the euro on italy we should only consider the boom years and not the crisis ? 
  the uk did also have a heavy recession with the crisis , as did iceland . 
  however , with their own currencies they had more options available to them . 
   i quoted the figures i was using , and the source . 
  and , really , it 's a bit rich you accusing me of ignoring figures , when you 're making a claim for italy which is completely contradicted by the figures . 
  yes , and i acknowledged your figures and source and noted that the question asked did not focus on the impact of the euro on italy . 
  i find it a bit surprising that you do n't acknowldge my source . 
   no , i did n't agree it needed to be . 
  i do n't have much of an objection to it being , but it would require a level of federalisation i probably would disagree with . 
  i think fiscal union is required as the eurozone is not an optimal currency area . 
  this is what happens in all currency areas , like the usa and the uk . 
  taxes are redistributed . 
   the figures are there in black and white , and they contradict your claim . 
  in 8 years prior to joining the euro , the italian economy grew by an average of 1.4 % per year . 
  since joining the euro , it has hardly grown at all . 
   the one i quoted answers your claim that the italians are `` turning massively against the euro '' , and in the negative . 
  you 're not really at home to unwelcom eh ? 
  euro barometer thinks that `` at the other end of the scale , italy is by far the country where attitudes towards the euro have deteriorated the most , where there is a 9pp increase in the proportion of respondents who think having the euro is a bad thing for their country '' . 
  are you just disregarding this ? 
   again , `` must become a transfer union '' is only from the perspective of those who need it to become a transfer union . 
  yes , for the monetary union to be successful , it makes sense to consider the countries that need it to become a transfer union and not just the ones doing fine thank you . 
  is n't that the purpose of all unions : help the poorer parts of the union ? 
  i thought you agreed that it needs to be a transfer union ? 
   1990 : 2.0 1991 : 1.5 1992 : 0.8 1993 : -0.9 1994 : 2.2 1995 : 2.9 1996 : 1.3 1997 : 1.8 1998 : 1.6 1999 : 1.6 2000 : 3.7 2001 : 1.8 2002 : 0.3 2003 : 0.2 2004 : 1.6 2005 : 0.9 2006 : 2.0 2007 : 1.5 2008 : -1.0 2009 : -5.5 the pace of growth was significantly faster prior to the introduction of the euro . 
  ( italy has hardly grown at all since the introduction of the euro . ), 
   that 's from october 2014 - the figure i cited is from the latest eurobarometer , the fieldwork for which was conducted in november 2014 . 
  the dates of the two surveys are thus very similar ( though likely both now out of date ) . 
  interestingly , the questions asked seem to be different ( therefore they can not be directly compared to each other ) . 
  the one i linked to focuses on the impact on italy , whereas the standard survey only asks about monetary union generally . 
  this is a gift to lawyers ... 
  the imf has more options available to it . 
  like devaluation of a currency . 
  the eurozone can not do this . 
  this dude is an extremist . 
  he is still saying , the day that the eurozone is starting to unravel , that the uk should join . 
   so who do you trust , you 're fellow europeans who 've acted inclusively or the temper tantrum polemists wanting to exclude greece from europe . 
  the latter . 
  which post ? 
  perhaps i disputed the grounds on which it was criticised ? 
  ( that is not the same as calling in heavy interfering and against democratic rights ... ), 
  i strongly believe in a free press writing what it wants about the uk ... 
   without eu , neither country would have gotten any outside help at all . 
  they would n't be in the euro , they 'd still have their own currencies . 
  they 'd get imf help . 
   their heavy interefering in eurozone affairs goes straight against the basic democratic right of the eurozone countries to decide about their own affairs what ? 
  i thought they just wrote some opinion pieces ... is that against democracy now ? 
   the reluctance of other euro countries to lend endless amounts to greece only for the greeks to default on it is n't based on a love for fat guys in banks , but on the fact that they foot the bill . 
  ultimately the eurozone must become a transfer union or it will fail . 
  this crisis has been going on more than five years now . 
  they should be well on their way to pooling debts and a transfer union . 
  there is a deep lack of solidarity among the creditor states for the greeks unfortunately . 
   they hardly grew before it , either . 
  italy actually was growing fast before entering the euro . 
   i 'm not sure what constitutes ` massive ' , though - the last i saw was a 3 % shift from do n't know to opposed , with the majority still in favour . 
  [ eurobarometer ( this is the latest i have seen though i am interested in any other sources ) ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/articles/pdf/fl405_report_final_en.pdf ) now reports a majority of italians saying that the euro is a bad thing for italy ( a significant increase of 9 % taking this position since the previous eurobarometer ) . 
   the fact that varoufakis denied capital controls on sunday morning while ordering them sunday evening made me wonder ... nobody ever admits to capital controls in advance as it encourages a bank run . 
   the greek debt exchange can claim historic significance in more than one respect . 
  it set a new world record in terms of restructured debt volume and aggregate creditor losses , easily surpassing previous high water marks such as the default and restructuring of argentina 2001-2005 i meant in terms of percentage of restructured debt , not total amount of restructured debt . 
  greece needed far more debt to be written off . 
  is your position that the correct amount of debt was written off ? 
   unless by `` same medicine '' you meant the general paradigm of trying to run a primary surplus and undertake reforms , the comment stands much as it was stated , i think . 
  these things are necessary , but not sufficient . 
  a lot of the debt needs to be written off . 
   because none of those countries is greece . 
  discounting the obviously completely different countries - denmark , uk , sweden , switzerland , and norway - which did n't start the period poor and corrupt , we 're left with poland , czech , and hungary , which did , but reformed . 
  greece did n't reform despite having money to compensate for reforms , and i have no idea why you beileve it would be more likely to have reformed if it had n't . 
  even if greece did not reform , this does not mean that it would not have been better for them if they had not joined the euro . 
  the same monetary policy does not work well for every country . 
  look at italy for example : they have hardly grown economically at all since they joined the euro . 
  unsurprisingly , italians are turning massively against the euro . 
   pretty much everyone around istria watches italian tv as well as croatian tv ( and the countless turkish and brazilian soap operas . 
  lol ) in bale , during the summer , people seemed to be mainly sitting outside their houses on benches watching the world go by , rather than watching tv . 
  when they told me that they watched italian tv rather than croatian tv it made me think that croatian tv must be totally awful . 
  ( i 'm not a fan of italian tv and would do anything rather than watch it . ), 
   how much larger could it have been ? 
  other sovereign debt restructurings have been much much larger in the past . 
   in detail , no , but in detail it was n't . 
   sure . 
  they 'd also have stayed a lot poorer . 
  but they did n't do that , and that 's not the situation they 're moving from . 
  it 's like saying that moving into a one-room shack would n't be such a change if you 'd stayed living in your two-room shack - true , but they 've been living in a 4-bed semi-d , so moving back even to a two-bed shack would be a hell of a shock . 
  really ? 
  why would they have stayed a lot poorer ? 
  other countries that stayed out of the euro , denmark , uk , sweden , switzerland , poland , czech , norway and hungary have n't really stayed poorer than the eurozone . 
  so i do n't know why greece would have . 
  when i was a student i spent three months in bale ( or the coast near there ) . 
  it gets a lot less tourists than pula or rijeka and is a lot smaller . 
  but for some or other reason , italian lingered there longer than elsewhere . 
  i think they watch italian tv too . 
   mind you , it 's not actually the case that nobody will lend to them , but that the interest premium they want for doing so is too high for the greeks .
