  i like the idea of mutual recognition , but that can be done outside the structure of the eu . 
  harmonisation is not an idea i like ( other than in relation to certain product standards and then on a global level ) . 
   not just concerning product specifications , but also production methods , labour rights , environmental legislation and so on . 
  i do n't think things like labour rights should be harmonised . 
   leavers seem to think the single market is all about tariffs , when in fact its all about regulation . 
  i am aware of this and it was my main reason for voting leave . 
   the uk might just find itself nominally outside the single market , while simultaneously voluntarily adopting eu legislation so they can continue to export to the single market . 
  many countries in the world manage to export to the eu but they do n't voluntarily adopt eu legislation . 
  i 'd start with mar , prospectus directive , crdiv , solvency ii ... 
   in fact it seems you created this account solely to talk about brexit so i 'm guessing troll . 
  stop insulting people you do n't know . 
  i did n't create this account just to talk about brexit , but it is the subject i am most interested in . 
   that 48 % will continue to push their side of things and could effectively completely change the political face of the country at the next general election . 
  by the time of the next general election we will have left the eu . 
  which party is really going to campaign to rejoin do you think ? 
   i can guarantee that the result of a referendum for hard or soft brexit would look very different to what you seem to think people want . 
  i find the terms hard and soft brexit very unhelpful as they are not clearly defined , but in any case the question is somewhat moot as there wo n't be a referendum on them . 
   this is what zac goldsmith thought how 'd that work out for him ? 
  do you think brexit was the only factor in the richmond park by-election ? 
  if that was the only factor , it would demonstrate a strong swing towards leave . 
  but it was n't the only factor . 
   i 'm going to guess you ca n't prove this in anyway shape or form . 
  why on earth would i lie about it ?!, 
  anyway , any allegations that i voted leave primarily because of immigration i strongly reject . 
  it is better than the number of eligible voters that went for remain . 
  i specifically want to change laws in my own area of expertise ( financial services ) . 
   the ` traitors ' in your high court has decided that it is not yours to decide anymore . 
  the uk will decide whether or not to stay in the eea . 
   if you wan na trade with eu in the future , you will still need to comply to that dreaded 100000 regulations on pillow manufacturing . 
  only in relation to sales to the eu , but not in relation to sales elsewhere or sales within the uk . 
   i think you 're more concern with dem dirty poles tukk our jobzzzz ( & socials ) i am afraid you do n't know anything about me !, 
  i am rich . 
  i love immigration . 
   while not recognising that if you fuck up your relationship with eu , then eu would really take all your jobs away . 
  i do hope that the eu does manage to improve the unemployment situation . 
  all the very best with that . 
   or just eea with a new name slapped on it . 
  feel free to believe that if you want , but the public statements of the government strongly suggest that this is not happening . 
   without either of those advantages , we are going to run into problems actually , london has crucial advantages , low tax , legal system , language , timezone , professional services sector , tolerant and welcoming culture , stable political system . 
   where ? 
  as far as i was aware , may was `` keeping her cards close to her chest '' ? 
  she is , but some things have let slip which mean that the eea is not possible . 
  for example , she has specifically said that the uk will not seek an off-the-shelf solution ( which is the eea ) but a tailored deal specifically for the uk . 
  she has also spoken about control of immigration in terms which are not compatible with the eea . 
   if we lose passporting for the single market , we can not effectively fulfil that role and you can bet that france and germany would love to take in businesses that desire eu access the uk is a global financial centre . 
  i find much of what has been written about passporting to be of very low quality . 
  most cross-border financial services does not need ( or can be structured to avoid ) passporting . 
  also , the problem with trying to have a passporting structure is that it gives control of financial regulation in the uk to the eu . 
  that is simply not acceptable . 
   just because you want to take yourself out completely does n't mean other brexiteers has the same nihilistic view on brexit as you . 
  eu membership is binary . 
  while the uk could of course be in the eea , this really does not make sense for the uk . 
  the uk having control of regulation that applies in the uk is normal rather than nihilistic . 
   that being said , you 'll also be antagonising the rest of 48 % of your vote population . 
  the poor darlings . 
   eea would result in us avoiding the political integration that many people are against , whilst allowing us to remain within the single market and avoid economic issues eea has been ruled out . 
  we definitely will not be in the eea . 
   as for wto rules , it would cause huge problems for of financial and service sectors , which rely upon easy access to the eu in order to function in the way that they do . 
  we ca n't just allow those sectors to collapse , as we have nothing to replace them with it is not true that the wto would cause problems for the financial services sectors . 
  instead , this is potentially a good opportunity ( if the government regulates sensibly in these areas ) . 
   toblerone is only one of many chocolate products that have been shrunk in recent years due to the rising price of cacoa , including : snickers , dairy milk , twix , cadbury cr\u00e8me eggs , cadbury fingers , quality street , maltesers and terry 's chocolate orange . 
  hopefully uk will soon put in place free trade agreements directly with countries like ivory coast which will make chocolate cheaper again and also boost the economy of the ivory coast . 
   so , let 's go with a hypothetical here . 
  theresa and co. basically abandon all hope of single market access , and put forward a plan that would result in us reverting to wto rules . 
  this would , categorically , be a huge problem for the uk . 
  i disagree that it would be a huge problem . 
   you honestly think it would be best for labour to just lie there and accept that it is up to them what they do , but they seem very divided and unable to do anything very seriously . 
  the one thing that they should of course do is ensure that we leave the eu . 
   and yes , leave got 52 % of the vote - that still leaves 48 % of us that opposed this entire fiasco . 
  leave and remain are no longer two equals . 
  leave won and remain lost . 
  the government therefore supports leave . 
  the onus is on the remain side to accept that they lost . 
  to the extent that people on the remain side use words like `` fiasco '' sort of shows that they are not yet ready to accept that we are leaving the eu . 
  if they do n't accept that we are leaving the eu , i am afraid they will be ignored . 
   do n't you think agriculture is a sector of strategic importance to ensure a capabilty of producing food domestically ? 
  the uk has not been self-sufficient in producing food domestically since the 1760s . 
  since then the idea of trying to be self-sufficient in food has never had any serious followers in the uk - even when hitler was literally blockading us during ww2 . 
  ( the uk thinks about food in a very different way from a lot of continental europe for historical reasons . ), 
   they were forecasts that expected the boe to do nothing which is a crazy forecast . 
  of course the boe was going to do something . 
   article 50 to be triggered straight away which was a lie by the pm and of course crazy . 
  of course the government was going to prepare before article 50 was triggered as vote leave sensibly told us . 
   but , even if the remain sides projections turn out to be overly pessimistic , they are almost certainly in the right direction . 
  so far they have n't been . 
   and may 's government has n't made any decisions or come out with any plan to do with brexit . 
  polls on how the conservatives are doing at handling brexit are hugely negative . 
  polls are negative because people want her to speed up . 
  ( i also would have liked her to have unilaterally confirmed that all eu nationals who have come here legally can stay . ), 
  but that is not to say that brexit should not be happening . 
  of course , it should . 
   you can have boris saying we wo n't pay for single market access one day and the next have davis saying that we will . 
  david davis did not say we will , he just said the government were considering it . 
  boris johnson did not say we would n't , he just said he did n't think they would be large amounts . 
   the potential political chaos this could cause is immense . 
  keep calm . 
  brexit is a wonderful exciting opportunity !, 
  let 's enjoy this experience and make the most of it . 
   whilst they could back out , it would be so easy to portray labour as `` ignoring the will of the people '' trying to stop the uk leaving the eu is ignoring the will of the people . 
  the people voted leave .
