   all countries are protectionist when it comes to critical infrastructure and capabilities . 
  which is completely understandable . 
  the best way for the eu to get a better financial centre is to be open and not protectionist . 
  if you want to have a good financial centre , cutting yourself off from global capitalism is not going to help . 
   so it might be that paris and frankfurt is behind . 
  but we 'll just have to catch up . 
  this is one of the many good consequences of brexit . 
  it will inspire cities like paris and frankfurt to try and become more competitive , causing a race to the top . 
  london welcomes this competition . 
  hopefully it means that france and germany will soon confirm that they are abandoning their plans to put in place a financial transactions tax . 
  what is toxic ? 
  some people claim that paris ( ranked between cayman islands and casablanca ) is going to replace london ... 
  the eu does not have a top ten global financial centre . 
  this is going to be interesting . 
   so , you do n't want to answer my question . 
  fine . 
  actually , i think the question is best answered in the context of specific instances and i have answered those below . 
   i 'm familiar with the concept of `` self-determination of peoples '' since woodrow wilson ( a rather unsavoury character , btw ) . 
  i also happen to think it 's one of the most abused concepts of all time while i agree that the concept is a difficult one , i think that the idea of not having the concept it even more difficult . 
  i also would not have thought that fundamentally this is even really a question on which we disagree . 
  is your position , for example , that scotland should not have been entitled to a referendum on independence ? 
   dunno ... derry ? 
  the emirate of savile town ? 
  you 'll say that 's preposterous , but that 's precisely my point . 
  actually i do n't think the question about derry is preposterous . 
  i am not aware of anyone in derry claiming that the people of derry should have their own separate self-determination that is separate from the wider question of northern ireland and as such i do n't think it makes sense to consider it separately from northern ireland as a whole . 
  obviously , `` self-determination '' is very relevant to what happens to northern ireland . 
  i do n't know anything about savile town , but is there anyone there that is claiming its denizens represent a people and should have a right to self-determination ? 
  does the question even arise ? 
   personally , i find that so-called `` collective rights '' like the `` right to self-determination '' are generally used to ride roughshod over the rights of the individual . 
  since the individual seems to me a rather more tangible concept than that of `` a people '' , i 'll always be extremely suspicious of such collective rights . 
  while this is an interesting argument , the counter argument is that if a peoples do not have a right to self-determination , then the rights of individuals can still be ridden roughshod over by groups which say that they do n't have a right to self-determination . 
   is any country a stranger to that ? 
  the us , uk ? 
  uk has less tradition of protectionism than france . 
   why should some people be more people than other people ? 
  when i write `` self-determination of peoples '' i am not writing anything outlandish . 
  i am simply using the expression used in the un charter and as it used all the time by international lawyers . 
  i do n't know whether or not you are familiar with this expression : if you are not , i would suggest you do some googling to educate yourself . 
  if you are familiar with it , i find it a bit astonishing that you think it might apply to any given group of 30,000 people in the uk . 
   and please do n't handwave my question away by answering that the definition of people is `` debated '' ( meaning : there is n't a consensus on one ) in international law . 
  when you write `` every community of 30,000 '' in the uk '' can you think of a single concrete example for which the concept of self-determination of a people might be relevant in the way that it is relevant for gibraltarians ? 
  what exactly are you meaning here ? 
  that people who live in aylesbury and people who live in high wycombe are different peoples ? 
  i have no idea what you are trying to say here . 
   does that right apply to every community of 30,000 people or more in the uk ? 
  the definition of a `` people '' is debated in international law and if you are interested in this subject there is plenty of academic material discussing it . 
  obviously nobody things that it should apply to every community of 30,000 people . 
  it is good news that we are headed for a so-called hard brexit . 
  it is good for the uk to be in control of its own regulation and legislation . 
   the vast majority of gibraltarians do n't want to leave the eu . 
  i know , because your government just asked them ... and , now , they can work out which is most important to them : being in the eu or not being in spain . 
  that is the great thing about democracy and respecting the right of a people to self-determination . 
  the questions are never final . 
  spain , the uk and the international community should of course respect whichever way gibraltar chooses . 
  i agree with you , i do n't expect the eu will want gibraltar in the single market if the uk is n't in it . 
  i would be surprised if it happened . 
  yes , of course . 
  the gibraltarians now or at any time in their future should be free to determine how they want to be governed and perhaps they will want to change their current arrangement with the uk . 
  i think there is a consensus in british politics that this is a decision for the gibraltarians . 
   but if they want something that the rest of the uk ( or more specifically , england if you are trying to specify how the various nations of the uk voted , then it might be worth also noting that wales also voted leave . 
   if you allow jobs that ca n't pay for people 's expenses you might improve their chances of being successful in the economy , but you 're also subsidising low wages and by extent possibly unsound business models . 
  the risk with not allowing low-paid jobs is that people end up not working at all . 
  to me this is worse risk than a low-paid job . 
  i agree that the circumstances of work matter too , but one of the best ways to ensure that circumstances of work improve is by reducing unemployment . 
  that 's great that the french are going to demolish the camp . 
  thanks very much from the other side of the channel !, 
  the vast majority of gibraltarians do n't want to become part of spain . 
  obviously , the uk , spain and the international community should respect the right of the gibraltarians to decide whether they want to become part of spain or maintain their existing settlement with the uk . 
  not quite , but close . 
  ireland is part of the  small advanced economies initiative ( saei ) a very interesting collaboration between seven countries - denmark , finland , ireland , israel , new zealand , singapore and switzerland . 
   one can still think this is not a paradise for the workers even if the population has chosen so . 
  in my mind the key interesting statistics in determining whether or not somewhere is a paradise for workers are the unemployment and employment statistics . 
  everything else is very secondary . 
   i 'd love to know `` why '' his unelectable , i get the feeling people are just recycling the media narrative . 
  a combination of his inability to organise a political party and his extreme views make him unelectable . 
   yea bullshit , but whatever . 
  there is polling showing this . 
  thanks , very interesting . 
  my suspicion is that the exit from the eurozone will be of itself a kickstart for employment and consumption and that a lot of money printing would not be needed . 
   so why was the brexit vote fueled by people who feel abandoned by the government . 
  the primary reason for brexit was because people want their own government to make decisions that impact them . 
   are n't people like you the ones who keep saying things like `` it was to `` get back at wealth elites '' '' . 
  i am part of the wealthy elite . 
  i do n't think brexit was about trying to get back at the wealthy elite . 
  different people want different things . 
  i want the size of the state reduced and taxes cut . 
  perhaps you want taxes increased . 
  that is what our democracy is for , for decisions like this to be made . 
   after years of cuts , the uk still voted david cameron in with a new majority . 
  i wanted cuts , but actually government spending went up during david cameron 's premiership . 
  hopefully taxes will be reduced as you suggest . 
   the uk can prosper perfectly well . 
  it 's the people who wo n't . 
  the people in the uk do prosper , which is one of the reasons why so many people risk their lives to get to the uk and so many people from overseas want to live in the uk . 
  you yourself are a good example of this . 
   hey , you guys had a referendum and stuff . 
  you can do like you please as soon as you are out . 
  but still it do n't like a very favorable model . 
  that is the deal with democracy .
