  [ this is exactly the type of thing you were saying was important yesterday ... ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2kripf/where_not_to_invest_in_europe/clo1opz ) ;-), 
   but from a libertarian point of view some african republics are economic heavens on earth . 
  there is immense opportunity , accesible and very effective capital and a lot of profits to be made . 
  many of these countries also have incredible mineral wealth and other natural resources . 
  unfortunately other conditions necessary for long-term growth , like strong institutions , are often not present . 
   but the eurozone 's troubles are a big threat to the rest of the eu . 
  the eurozone 's troubles are a big threat to the world , not just to the rest of the eu . 
  that 's the whole point of the article . 
   if you call 0.7 % strong economic growth , then sure . 
  the 0.7 % figure is quarterly growth , not annual growth . 
  the uk 's current annual growth figure is higher than the long-term average growth rate for industrialised economies ( which is around 2 % ) . 
   i agree , therefor the winner should be the economy with the biggest growth because that shows just how valuable , dinamic and elastic that gdp is . 
  i 'm assuming you 're joking here , but obviously the size of an economy is a variable to be considered separately from growth of an economy . 
  when it comes to impact on the global economy , it is size that matters , not growth . 
   no , the eu is . 
  and by that , the eu . 
  if the eurozone suffers , so does the eu . 
  they 're kind of connected , if you had n't noticed . 
  the economic problems currently faced by the eurozone are not the same as other parts of the eu that are not in the eurozone . 
  that 's why the entire article is discussing problems in the eurozone rather than the eu . 
  the uk is in the eu and is experiencing strong economic growth and many new jobs are being created . 
  in terms of things like `` health '' of an economy and `` better '' economy , then i agree that these things are arguable . 
  in some ways in western europe wealth distribution is healthier than in the usa ( though obviously western europe is not the same as the eurozone ) . 
  however , western europe also has higher unemployment than the usa and ( taken as a whole ) lower growth . 
  there are a whole lot of other metrics that we could consider and discuss . 
  however , when it comes to something like the size of the economy , i think there is a bit less room for argument . 
  i 'm not sure what / u/fibs3n meant when s/he used the term `` economy '' . 
  however , conventionally when people talk about size of economy they mean total gdp . 
  the eurozone 's gdp is smaller than the usa 's gdp . 
  the eurozone is not the world 's largest economy . 
  thanks for the gold !, 
  never received that before !, 
  no , under the uk constitution , recognition of foreign states is a matter for the executive , not the legislature . 
  the parliamentary debate was designed specifically not to change that . 
  agreed , this is a shame . 
  i understand that jews in the uk are no longer going to vote for the labour party here as they think there is a risk that the a labour lead uk would recognise palestine . 
  i 'm not sure why you are asserting that coalition government is better than single-party government . 
  single parties in the uk , like labour and the conservatives , are broad churches with a wide range of opinion within them . 
  you can keep liking brits even when we 're not in the eu . 
  presumably there are other peoples in the world that you like ? 
  the uk belongs to the global family of nations . 
  the green party are not the fourth largest national party though and the uk is not a politicial duopoly . 
  there are some gems over in ukpolitics : [ `` 1400 little girls being raped is actually just a small number and ukip are horrid because they mention it ... '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/2krl2u/fury_disgust_and_apathy_as_people_of_south/cloav9w ), 
  this is just supposition on my behalf , but i think that given that people associate immigration with the eu ( which is partly a correct association ) and and a majority of people in the uk think that immigration is not good for the uk , when there are immigration stories in the news , support for the eu falls ( even if the particular story , e.g in this case calais , has nothing to do with the eu ) . 
  i 'm very pro-immigration myself and very opposed to the eu , so immigration stories make no impact on me . 
  yes , but so do respect ... 
   but to my understanding i would have to pay the usual uk fees if the uk is not part eu and eurasmus leaving the eu is not the same as leaving erasmus . 
  ( note - it is `` erasmus '' not `` eurasmus '' . ), 
  also , if you want to study in the uk you should not be put off by the fees if you think that it will ultimately be worth it . 
  i also came from a poor family and had to get loans in order to pay housing and fees , but i do n't regret it . 
  i am sure that you will be able to borrow money or obtain grants and so forth and get some part time work . 
   i 'm not saying it will get as petty ( it definitely has the ability to though ) as the situation in spain . 
  the fact that you already had a referendum and catalonia has n't shows that the situation is dramatically different from spain . 
  given this huge difference , it seems a bit odd to pretend that the sitations are similar . 
   but i do n't see westminster letting us hold another referendum within 10 years after a brexit . 
  as mentioned , i really think it would depend on whether or not a scottish government gets a democratic mandate for a referendum . 
  at the moment , it is far from clear if this is what will happen . 
  complaining that westminster wo n't let you have a referendum which you have not even asked for ( a couple of months after you had a referendum ) strikes me as odd . 
   goddamnit , and i wanted to travel and maybe even study a semester in the uk ( eurasmus and such ) , but i ca n't right now , and soon the uk might leave ... my expectation is that you wo n't have difficulties coming to the uk to study even after a brexit . 
  there are many people from outside the eu in the uk for example ... 
  if they can do it , why not , you ? 
   i just found it funny to read a sentence like `` no special treatment for scotland '' after all the effort to make them stay in the uk . 
  personally i am in favour of scotland having a lot of special treatment ( total control over almost everything other than military and foreign relations ) . 
  however , this kind of dramatic change to the uk constitution in my mind is not the kind of thing that can happen overnight ... 
  i totally agree with your perspective . 
  the reality is that the price that the uk public will demand is going to be a high one and not one that the reu will accept . 
  and this is why it makes sense for us to part company , hopefully on as good terms as possible and as quickly as possible . 
   no more `` let 's stay together '' and `` we love you scotland '' slogans but brutal reality . 
  nice . 
  i 'd like to stay together with scotland because i do love scotland , but staying together should not be at any price . 
  if scotland 's price for staying with the uk is keeping an unwilling uk in the eu ( not yet clear that this is what scots want , giving polling ) then that price is too much for me . 
   the green party also has 3 meps , which is more than the lib dems . 
  yes , this is true . 
  however , it should also be noted that the green share of the vote fell in the european elections . 
  it just happened that the lib dems fell even further . 
  i personally would be relaxed about greens being in the debates . 
  however , i do think that their credentials are signifcantly worse than the other parties . 
   not that i 'm aware of . 
  i 'm just predicting what i believe will happen if there is a brexit . 
  that is how highly i think of westminster . 
  yes , but you 're not ( unfortunately ) living in the real world . 
  as you know , wesminster just gave you a referendum and you voted to stay in the uk . 
  you have n't yet asked for another referendeum . 
  implying that the westminster system of granting you a referednum has any parallels with the madrid situation is , frankly , offensive . 
   david cameron has also been quoted saying that it 's been settled for a generation too . 
  the reason why cameron is confident to say this is because salmond has said it . 
  they are saying exactly the same thing . 
  but you need to address my point . 
  is there any party in scotland right now that has a further referendum as a specific commitment ? 
  if there is n't , then it seems a bit odd to blame westminster for not allowing it . 
  start blamining westminster after you have a mandate for another referendum and one is refused . 
   we have an mep from ukip because they spent millions on advertising , had wall to wall coverage in the media , combined with a low voter turnout for the eu elections . 
  or , maybe , there are a significant number of scots who want to leave the eu and agreed with ukip 's policies in relation to the eu after they were extensively covered by the media ? 
  this poll puts the figure of scots who want to leave the eu at 33 % . 
  if that is the case , then it looks like ukip underperformed in scotland and there is significant room for them to grow . 
   however i see westminster taking a madrid approach to scotland ummm - you do realise that scotland just had a referendum right ? 
  madrid is not giving catalonia a referendum . 
   they seem pretty adamant to have settled the scotland question for a ` generation ' . 
  not really . 
  it was alex salmond who said that the question of independence is settled for a generation .
