  but obviously british business will continue to trade with the business in the single market . 
  there is no legal term `` access to the single market '' . 
  that is why i prefer not to use it . 
  it is incredibly imprecise . 
  even the ones that do n't happen would have been win win had they happened ... 
  it is not the same . 
  every country in the world has some access to the single market . 
  the nature of that access varies . 
  find the video subsequent to the referendum . 
  we are talking about after the referendum . 
  read the thread . 
  of course membership is different from access . 
  if france wants to give away its seat it can , uk wo n't though . 
  you are not the strongest economy on earth combined . 
  at no stage did uk leaders want to be part of the single market . 
  you have no idea how this policy works , do you ? 
  nobody loses their houses . 
  rich people just end up not being able to leave so much in inheritance . 
  we do n't have evidence for that yet . 
  uk pays more towards unhcr and international aid than italy and france combined . 
  it does n't matter what your views were before the referendum , because the result of the referendum changed everything . 
  the people who voted for brexit are still here , some of us still on this sub . 
  we 're about to vote for theresa may to continue the brexit process . 
  that just is not how polling seems to have worked in the uk for decades . 
  labour voters are lazy ( tell people they will vote and then stay at home ) and tory voters are shy ( do n't admit to voting tory ) . 
  it will be the same this time too . 
  watch and wait !, 
   so expect canada to work really quickly to get a canuk fta . 
  and uk are also going to work to get it . 
  we will take ceta as a model but remove some of the protectionism and integrate further in services , i would say . 
  i still think there will be a tory landslide ( 100 seat majority ) . 
   the pension triple-lock was in no way a justifiable policy agreed . 
  i am also pleased with the tories ' social care policy , which again is forcing the wealthy to pay for something . 
  i am not really a fan of may generally , she is too protectionist for my liking it seems . 
  but on these issues i think she is right . 
   still funny that the polls are showing a closing gap . 
  the polls the day before the general election in 2015 showed labour and conservatives as neck and neck . 
  it turned out that the tories were actually seven points ahead . 
  this is worth remembering when looking at the polls in the uk . 
  the tories will solidify their majority . 
  watch and wait . 
   but from the point of view of other people , maybe not . 
  you are probably right that some people thought at the start that this policy was a good one and would work . 
   some people at this sub have even speculated that they 're doing this intentionally to push away certain countries to the periphery of the eu . 
  i am curious about this too . 
  it is possible that this refugee issue is part of a wider debate . 
  we know that a significant amount of french people , for example , who support the eu think that expansion to former warsaw pact countries was a mistake . 
  it is possible that the election of macron will reinvigorate the franco-german alliance , but really move the centre of gravity of the eu further away from the east . 
  we also know that the eu only has one official currency , the euro , and that particularly with the uk leaving the status of the non-euro members is going to be a bit uncertain . 
  the eu wants to create a capital markets union , which was originally meant to be for all member states , euro and non-euro . 
  but recently i noticed that there was emphasis from the ecb on the capital markets union complementing the banking union , which is only for the eurozone and that there should be a joint supervisor for the banking union and the capital markets union . 
  this made me think that the non euro members are going to be effectively shut out of the capital markets union . 
  ( for example , the eu wants to take clearing of euro derivatives away from london . 
  but it seems that they are not going to make a rule saying it has to be done in the eu , but instead make a rule saying that it has to be done in the eurozone . 
  this makes no sense to me . ), 
  we also know that the tensions between hungary/poland and the rest of the eu on things like rule of law are not going away . 
  we also know that there have been discussions about two speed europe . 
  we also know that romania and bulgaria seem never to be able to join schengen ...  however it 's not really just the eu 's fault . 
  ultimately it 's the majority of the member countries when i write eu i mean the entire system working as a whole , composed of member states and institutions , which make decisions together . 
  i do n't think it makes sense to try and point to specific bits of this system , but understand how the system ends up working as a whole . 
   by some miracle he gains enough seats and support to become pm this is not going to happen , 
  we are not pissy about them moving . 
  we are pissy about being asked to pay to move them . 
   the quota system is simply a ridiculous failure , it does n't fix any of the problems that eu has , it just creates more problems in the long term . 
  i agree . 
  but it was obviously not going to work at the start . 
  this introduces some difficult questions for the eu . 
  what went wrong in the legislative process ? 
  in a normal society , when something goes badly wrong in a legislative process , questions would be raised to address the problems to ensure that they do n't happen again . 
  i do n't see that really happening . 
  is the law being amended to correct the failure ? 
  in a normally functioning society , legislative errors can be corrected efficiently . 
  but in the eu there seems to be no effective mechanism to correct errors . 
  unfortunately the eu does not seem good at admitting that it gets things wrong . 
  this makes it very difficult to address and correct problems . 
  uk also does n't want to vote on eu matters or decide where you put your agencies . 
  why would we want to tell you how to organise your own countries ? 
  this is something that you should be able to do yourselves . 
   i do n't understand the question . 
  can you rephrase it ? 
   canadians are quite eager to be involved in a relationship with the eu . 
  uk also want to be involved in a relationship with the eu . 
  in fact , we want the same kind of relationship that canada has with the eu . 
  i still think that the tories will get above 45 % of the vote , but this election has certainly got exciting !, 
  people in the uk want brexit , and may has an advantage compared to corbyn on being able to deliver brexit . 
  may is also able to attract some voters that cameron was not able to attract - she is less remote . 
  also - corbyn has very negative personal ratings even if the labour party does n't . 
  last time the polls were not representative . 
  they overstated the labour share and understated the story share . 
  the polls were wrong last time . 
  the labour party manifesto commitment is to leave the single market . 
  she is not going to lose . 
  she will end up with 100 more seats than the rest of the parties combined . 
  personally i think the polls are inaccurate and labour will do much worse than the polls are showing . 
  brits will turn to may in massive numbers at the last minute . 
  i think you are mostly correct . 
  though i think the bitterness will pass with time . 
  thanks . 
  yes , it will be interesting to see . 
  i agree - we should not have joined in the first place !,
