  how are you finding living and working here ? 
  what would need to change in italy to encourage you to go back ? 
  ( not that i am asking you to go back - you 're welcome to stay ;-) ) is renzi really going to be able to make radical changes ? 
   after a couple of years , they usually fly right back to italy . 
  do they ? 
  the numbers of italians in the uk is increasing , not staying stable . 
  we will see what happens over the next couple of years , but currently it seems that they do n't fly back . 
  being on minimum wage is london is surely better than not working at all in italy ? 
  500,000 italians in the uk would not surprise me in the slightest . 
  the interesting thing is how many italians have moved to the uk over the last three or so years . 
  given the state of the italian economy and the state of the uk economy , this trend is only going to continue . 
  the job market in the uk is many , many times better than the job market in italy . 
  everyone always talks about the impact of this on the uk ( social and economic ) and how british people feel about the 500,000 living here . 
  there is much less discussion of the impact of this on italy , and in my mind that is where the impact will be felt more strongly . 
  a generation of italy 's best and brightest are now living in the uk and who knows if they will ever return . 
  this is a disaster for the italian economy and unless italy makes some rapid and dramatic changes , they will never recover . 
  personally i am not sure if renzi is capable of making the changes required . 
   i ca n't name a pro-eu paper off the top of my head in addition to the guardian which has already been mentioned , the independent takes a strongly proeu line and the ft and the mirror are tendentially proeu . 
  many other publications which are quite influential ( e.g. 
  new statesman , economist ) take pro-eu lines too . 
   but they 're betting on gaining more power over fiscal policy rather than an exit . 
  that 's why they have n't exited yet . 
  different people have different preferences here . 
  there is no single view . 
   and that will change quickly after the exit . 
  frankfurt or paris are the most likely candidates . 
  it 'll take time , but the outcome is inevitable . 
  the fact that there is n't even an obvious candidate and people in the eu ca n't decide whether they think it should be paris or frankfurt makes me think that london does not have much competition from them . 
  neither paris or frankfurt are really setting themselves up to be global financial centres in the way that london is at the moment . 
  both paris and germany appear to be keen on heavy regulation , which finance does not like . 
   i prefer a brexit , but i fear farage and cameron are bluffing farage and cameron have different views . 
  faraged wants out of the eu . 
  cameron is a bit more nuanced , and wants the uk to stay in a reformed eu , though if he does not get what he wants , he will probably campaign for a brexit . 
  this will be fine for the city . 
  i work in the city . 
  the views of the city are mixed - the city is keen to escape the heavy and increasing regulatory burden coming from the eu . 
  the eu is not even close to having a financial centre that rivals the city . 
  the uk 's economy continues to grow faster that the eurozone economy . 
  the uk does not have a severe attitude problem . 
  you make it sound like the uk is morally deficient . 
  the uk just wants different things . 
  militarily and diplomatically the uk is on a different scale from italy and spain . 
  the uk is a nuclear power and a permanent member of the unsc . 
  as you know , aircraft carriers are not the whole of a country 's military . 
  when comparing militaries , you need to look at other factors too . 
  obviously , outside the eu the uk will continue to cyberattack the eu . 
  no , the uk will not be to the eu what turkey is . 
  the uk is economically , politically , diplomatically , culturally and militarily much more important to the eu than turkey is . 
  obviously on a whole range of matters the uk and the reu will continue to co-operate , just like the eu currently co-operates with other countries in the world . 
  what do you mean being in the wrong ? 
  there is no `` wrong '' or `` right '' here , it is not a question of morality . 
  the uk just has a very different vision than the reu . 
  this is why the uk should leave the eu as soon as possible . 
  relations between the uk and reu will improve once we leave . 
  i would be astonished if schulz , juncker or verhofstadt came to the uk to campaign to keep the uk in the eu . 
  they will know that if they did come , the pro-eu side will end up losing votes . 
  it will be like the eu-elections all over again in which the labour party specifically told schulz not to come to the uk to campaign . 
  thanks . 
  do you have the text of article 123 ? 
  it sounds like the legislative quasi-equivalence of the uk position . 
  presumably in this case the couple are guilty of marriage simulation . 
   to me that 's quite ridiculous to put in a law , i prefer the italian way . 
  more liberal . 
  `` marriage of convenience '' is a concept that exists under eu law , not just uk law . 
  [ it seems that the italian courts apply the eu concept . 
  ] ( http://www.altalex.com/index.php?idnot=66743 ) to check whether or not a marriage is a sham . 
   in my vision you can marry a person for whatever reason ... 
  marriage can be about love , but there are good reasons to marry for financial incentives and stuff . 
  or whatever reason really . 
  all societies have highly regulated laws of marriage . 
  for example you ca n't marry people under a certain age or without capacity . 
  or relatives . 
  or , depending on the society , you ca n't marry more than one person . 
  all societies also have laws around immigration , and there is an overlap between laws relevant to immigration and laws relevant to marriage . 
  if you accept that there should be laws on immigration , do n't you think that there should also be laws to ensure that marriage should not be used as a technique to artificially get round immigration laws ? 
  thanks . 
   art . 
  it is legislation setting out the rights the spouses get in the context of genuine marriages . 
  in the uk we have the following legislation :  [ a marriage ( whether or not it is void ) is a `` sham marriage '' if -- . 
  ( a ) either , or both , of the parties to the marriage is not a relevant national , . 
  ( b ) there is no genuine relationship between the parties to the marriage , and . 
  ( c ) either , or both , of the parties to the marriage enter into the marriage for one or more of these purposes -- . 
  ( i ) avoiding the effect of one or more provisions of united kingdom immigration law or the immigration rules ; . 
  ( ii ) enabling a party to the marriage to obtain a right conferred by that law or those rules to reside in the united kingdom . ] ( http://www.legislation.gov.uk/ukpga/2014/22/section/55/enacted ) . 
  it is designed to ensure that people do n't use marriage purely as a way of circumventing immigration laws . 
  after doing a bit of googling it looks like italy also has a concept called `` matrimonio fittizio o di convenienza '' which seems to be contrary to your civil code . 
  i ca n't find the exact reference though . 
  thanks . 
   it 's hard to work with this material , agreed - it does look like the methodology used in relation to predicting whether or not poll success will translate into actual votes needs a bit more testing ...  25th of may of 2015 : municipal elections in all the country . 
  and regional elections in ten autonomous regions . 
  in the uk there are relatively frequent by-elections to local government or national government and thus we do get more frequent opportunities to test real voter sentiment and whether the polls are accurate . 
  the may 2015 spanish municipal / regional elections will be fascinating : i suppose how the economy does between now and then will make an impact . 
   there is a lot of left leaning people at spain , and the official left is corrupt , pro-austerity and dis-organized since the lost of the 2011 elections . 
  some success was to be expected . 
  in hindsight , yes , some success was to be expected . 
  however , i also think that given the novelty of podemos and the nature of its platform , i think they strongly exceeded expectations in the eu elections . 
   how do british catholics feel about this ? 
  there are 4.2 million catholics across england and wales . 
  i 'm a british catholic ( though , unsurprisingly , with irish grandparents ... ) . 
  i understand that there was a time that british catholics were forbidden ( under canon law ) from attending guy fawkes celebrations , but that ban was repealed generations ago .
