  we have had three changes of government over the last ten years . 
   i do n't trust our shitty government , i 'd rather eu oversight . 
  our government was the one who implemented this system in the first place . 
  ultimately you are saying that you prefer technocracy to democracy . 
   65 % of the population voted against the conservatives and yet they were able to make a majority government . 
  you need to check your maths . 
   you have a third of the population dictating the legislation for the whole . 
  it is n't really dictatorship . 
  i did n't vote for the conservatives , but they won the election and got a strong mandate to govern . 
   so long as our representation in parliament is so incredibly out of kilter with the voting demographics of the country , you ca n't really criticize anyone else for being undemocratic . 
  it is n't dramatically out of kilter with the voting demographics of the country . 
  i think the government is fairly close to the centrre ground of public opinion in the uk . 
   so each city should pass their own porn filter law ? 
  close to the people ? 
  no , i did n't say that . 
  i am not aware of there being any cities that want their own porn filter laws . 
  are you aware of any ? 
  if there are n't any that want to have these powers , it makes no sense for us to be detabting this . 
   and the eu is perfectly democratic : the parliament , which is the only body able to pass laws , is directly elected every 4 years -- [ as mentioned already , for a democracy to work effectively , institutions alone are not sufficient . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qokdg/eu_rules_uks_porn_filters_are_illegal/cwh1aip )  and far more democratically than the british government , due to proportional representation . 
  i like the uk 's voting system , which is democratic . 
   either you agree to the way the eu is ( and where it is heading towards ) , or you give every city the right to write their own laws , or you accept that you are hypocritical . 
  i 'm not hypocritical . 
  i am happy for cities to have greater power , though i am not clear what powers you are talking about exactly ? 
  which powers are cities wanting that they do n't have ? 
   so if democratically elected eu should n't do it , where is the cutoff ? 
  for a democracy to work effectively there must be a demos . 
  there is no hard and fast rule about where this lies , it is a subject for debate . 
  if you want that debate , i am happy to have it with you . 
   one could use the same argument to argue that scotland should be able to say no to porn filters . 
  if that is what the scottish people want , i would be delighted for them to make that decision and would applaud their national democracy . 
  however , i 'm not aware of scottish people having a different opinion on this from the rest of the uk . 
   or even different cities should be able to enact their own porn filters . 
  i 'm not aware of there being any cities that want this power . 
  however , if you are aware of any , i would be interested to know . 
   the eu is a federal government elected by everyone . 
  the eu is not federal [ and the eu has an incredibly weak democracy for the reasons i have already argued . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3qokdg/eu_rules_uks_porn_filters_are_illegal/cwh1aip ) a decision over whether porn filters are opt in or opt out should be made closely to the people . 
   introducing a porn filter is censorship , if you like it or not . 
  maybe try to educate yourself and read thing before starting a discussion on reddit . 
  as mentioned in my previous post , in all mature democracies we accept that there is some censorship . 
  why do n't you address this point ? 
  do you think that there should be no hate laws , no libel laws , no public decency laws , no inside information laws , no film certification laws ? 
  the uk has not introduced a porn filter . 
  people just opt out of porn filters if they want this . 
   what about if the government rules that women had to wear a burka in public ? 
  i do n't think this would be a good law , i think people should be able to decide what they wear . 
  however , i trust the democratic process in the uk . 
  we do n't have any political party advocating for this . 
   there are some things the government should n't be allowed to do , human rights are what the eu is trying to protect . 
  there is no right to access porn via the internet without opting out of a filter . 
  this is not a human right . 
  it should be the democratic process that decides this . 
   you keep responding with the same answer to anyone in this thread . 
  an opt-in/opt-out porn filter is censorship . 
  maybe not very big or impactful , but it is censorship . 
  personally i do n't think it is helpful to call this censorship . 
  also , all mature democracies have some censorship , whether they are hate speech laws , whether they require films to have certifications , whether they regulate what can be shown on tv , whether they regulate whether or not sex can take place in a public place . 
  we accept that censorship can occur in these places and we think that the level of censorship is a question for the national democratic process . 
  whether porn on the interent is opt in or opt out is on this level . 
   therefore the uk ca n't just make up laws and enforce them in the uk . 
  i do n't understand why you have such a hard time accepting this . 
  the question is not whether or not the uk has this competence . 
  the question is whether or not the uk should have this competence . 
  i do n't see how you can argue both that this is not big and impactful and that the uk should not have this competence . 
   as long as the uk is in the eu , you should abide by these rules . 
  there is not discussion possible . 
  as already mentioned , i think that the uk should leave the eu exactly because the eu ends up underminding national democracy . 
  however , if the uk stays in the eu , the uk should ensure that the eu does not decide things en bloc that do not need to be decided en bloc . 
  this is one of those things . 
   i 've seen the greek crisis more as a greek failure first . 
  even though i find that the eurozone facilitated it , the roots lie within the corruption of the greek political and economic infrastructure , and everyone 's impressive feat of ignoring it that hard . 
  i agree that the people ultimately responsible for the greek crisis were the greek government . 
  however , the problem was exacerbated by euro membership . 
  and the ability to solve the problem was reduced by euro membership . 
  however , in any case , the eu has , when faced with the greek crisis , failed spectacularly at solving it . 
   why should it be a question for national governments ? 
  why should n't the matter of internet censorship be a european matter . 
  actually such a thing should be a global matter , but that is sadly impossible to achieve . 
  this is not a question of internet censorship . 
  it is a question of whether or not people have to opt out or opt in to porn filters . 
  decisions should be made as closely to the people as possible . 
  if the british people do n't like a decision about porn filters , then they can elect a different government . 
  it does not make sense for decisions like opting in or opting out of porn filters to be the same over the entire globe as there is no universally accepted position on this and there are different views . 
  in five years time , governments that have taken different views on this can look at global data for impacts of the different positions and make decisions on that basis . 
   internet censorship is a huge issue nowadays and if the uk messes with it , it will recieve backslash . 
  porn filtering is not really something i care about . 
  however , if the british people feel strongly about it , then they can elect a different government . 
  that is how democracies work well , when they are accountable to the views of people . 
   the corrupt bureaucrats in brussels are better than the corrupt bureaucrats in london when it comes to controlling your life on your behalf . 
  i do n't think that bureaucrats in london are corrupt . 
  it is easier to change the government in the uk than change the eu government . 
   civilized people think that certain aspects of life should be treated as universal rights . 
  nobody thinks that having to opt out of a filter to access porn should be treated as a universal right . 
  this should be a question for national governments and the democratic process . 
  you do n't need to tell the government that you want restrictions lifted . 
  you just tell an isp ( this a 15 second box tick exercise ) i fail to see how this is breach of privacy though on anything other than the most minor of technicalities and we already accept that privacy is a limited right . 
  it does not seem to be the type of thing that limits a citizen 's freedom so extensively that you would take this power away from a government . 
  to me this is a question for the democratic process : different citizens will have different views about what this law should look like . 
  to decide what the law should be , we should have an election .
