  there might be chaos that 's true . 
  but does spain really care ? 
  surely spain cares more about trying to avoid local spanish chaos ... 
  it is n't really kicking scotland out in my view . 
  scotland , as a sovereign state , is not currently in . 
  there would be chaos - but if the chaos in spain could be greater . 
  and spain are the ones with the veto . 
  anyway - all very uncertain and interesting . 
   is cameron 's job really on the line here ? 
  there has been intense media speculation that the tories might get rid of him in the event of a yes vote . 
  the tories have a pattern of getting rid of leaders . 
  i think it is quite a possibility . 
   scotland might not have eu membership but it would be much easier for every eu member state to keep scotland in than kick them out , simply because of the pure chaos suddenly cutting a hole in the bloc with no negotiations would cause . 
  judging by what the spanish pm said today [ in the spanish parliament ] ( http://politica.elpais.com/politica/2014/09/17/actualidad/1410935302_819321.html ) i am starting to think that the spaniards would be prepared to insist that scotland spent some time ( however short ) outside the eu . 
   the first thing that strikes me is i do n't believe for a second that cameron has the sense of integrity to resign on friday . 
  arguably there is no reason why cameron should resign : integrity does not necessarily come into it . 
  he does n't get a vote . 
  he has not been in charge of the `` yes '' campaign or perceived as being responsible for it . 
  nobody thinks he was wrong to agree to the referendum . 
  this is a referendum about the future of scotland , not cameron 's premiership . 
  thanks - i was wrong about that . 
  however , i expect that their value might be considered in any negotiation settlement . 
   i want to pay my way and i want to see my country do the same i agree and i am sure this will be the prevailing view among scots . 
  i 'm just describing some further back-up reasons that we in ruk have in our pockets just to be sure ;-), 
   scotland going independent wont be easy for spain , they would be put into an almost impossible position where they would have to pacify catalan somehow whilst also not upsetting scotland to the degree where they lose their access to its fishing waters . 
  thanks - agreed . 
  this bit is particularly uncertain and hard to predict ... 
   just because they share similar values now does n't mean they always will . 
  in my mind a potential and uncertain future change in values is not a reason for a break up of a country . 
   this is the article i was referencing , eu developemnt fund/aid i 'm sure has an official info source if you wan na look that up on its own . 
  http://www.euractiv.com/sections/development-policy/scottish-independence-would-open-doors-development-308478 many thanks . 
  i 'm not sure if you did n't read your source or read it and did n't understand it . 
  either way , it is an article that is discussing scotland 's budget for overseas aid rather than the eu budget for aid within scotland . 
  perhaps find a different source ? 
  i think one is potential , rather than certain . 
  it might be the case that the snp gets a mandate for another referendum in the next scottish parliamentary elections . 
  it might be the case that the uk constitutional rewrite is seen by many scots as unsatisfactory . 
   why ? 
  i suspect the bonds obligate the uk government or the bank of england . 
  why would scotland want to pay for them ? 
  as a matter of law , you are correct that bonds obligate the uk government . 
  however , the bonds are governed by english law and have english jurisdiction provisions . 
  the uk government can , according to english law , change the law so that scotland is legally required to pay for its share . 
  an english court would enforce this . 
  however , this is also somewhat theoretical . 
  under international law , it is also the case that when countries separate , debts get divided . 
  if scotland does not pay its share of the debt , relations between ruk and iscotland will become very bad indeed . 
  there will be huge anger in the rest of the uk ( as we will all overnight become considerably poorer ) and this will mean that a potentially anti-scottish government could be elected with a specific mandate to make life harder for iscotland . 
  this could lead to the ruk blocking iscotland 's eu membership and nato membership , putting up a boarder between ruk and iscotland . 
  i do n't think any of these things are likely , but they become much more likely if scotland does not pay its share of the uk 's debts . 
  i do n't think iscotland will take this risk . 
  even without considering the ruk reaction , iscotland might not want to do it anyway . 
  would the eu want to welcome in a new nation that has just said it will not pay its share of the debts ? 
  would the bond markets be happy to lend to such a country ? 
   but how about splitting uk assets on a per rato basis ? 
  assets will also be split . 
  they include things like uk overseas embassies , gold reserves and other financial assets held by the bank of england , computer systems owned by public bodies . 
  most assets fixed in scotland stay with scotland without being apportioned and vice versa . 
   he might grandstand grandstanding is almost the only certainty here . 
   i have never heard of any national election candidate needing the scott vote . 
  scotland 's preferences get overruled roughly twice as often as it overrules the rest of the uk 's preferences . 
  for 8 % of the population , this is not a bad outcome . 
   politicians can rise to power in the uk by completely ignoring scottish values , some scottish say that 's already happened but even existing in such a system would make me wan na leave . 
  what do you mean by scottish values ? 
  political and social values surveys tend to find only marginal differences between scotland and the rest of the uk here . 
  the values within scotland vary much more than the values vary between scotland and the rest of the uk . 
   i agree but the eu 's stance on it is if the uk can pay for that kinda development they do n't have to . 
  they access it on a nation by nation basis not region by region . 
  it 's not in the uk 's interest to develop those areas but it would be in the interest of iscotland as mentioned , i 'd be interested to see any citations on this . 
   i think it 's a little bit sad that the whole thing seems to be becoming increasingly bitter - on both sides of the border - and unfortunately , can only really see this continuing no matter which way scotland votes . 
  i agree . 
  the union might survive , but at what cost ? 
  will the arguments come back and haunt all of us ? 
  the only british institutions that now really seem to straddle the union are the nhs , the pound and the monarchy . 
  he ca n't deliver on things like currency union , nato membership and immediate eu membership . 
  he does n't control those things . 
  he has to rely on help from others . 
   i got my maths wrong , thanks for the correction , still not enough for them to exercise any real influence . 
  we 've had scottish people at every level of government in recent years - remember gordon brown , the scottish pm representing a party that was overwhelmingly supported by scots ? 
  scottish mps still get to vote on matters that only affect england . 
  even in the last general election 2010 , the scottish votes were crucial . 
  without scotland , there would have been a conservative government instead of a coaliton government . 
   it 's more lack of infrastructure . 
  if the eu agree with the scottish government that certain parts of scotland could use development then yep you get money for roads etc etc. 
  their was a quote from an eu official saying that iscotland would be entitled to development funds that it otherwise would n't get as a part of the uk . 
  i find it a bit odd that iscotland is not entitled to the funds as part of the uk but would be on independence !, 
  any citations ? 
  surely the need for development has nothing to do with whether or not scotland is independent ? 
  nobody loves the english or the french either . 
  i guess it must be because r/europe is jealous of the great european nations : england , latvia and france ... 
   i suppose my view is very london-centric . 
  i can tell you for sure that an identical flat costs ~ 20 % more than the same time last year . 
  not just in the centre either . 
  i also live in london and agree that it is very expensive , especially rent . 
  this is because london has tonnes of people that move here for work reasons ( like me and you and hundreds of thousands of others ) and limited housing ( partly because of the green belt ) . 
  however , you have to ask yourself a question : why did you and me and all these hundreds of thousands of others choose to come to live in london ? 
  nobody forced us ... 
  it simply has the best employment , social and cultural options in europe right now . 
  these things seem to matter more to us than the crazy high prices . 
  we are free to move elsewhere if we are not liking london !,
