  i do n't think british people will stop travelling and going abroad and exploring . 
   we 're not going to stop eu citizens from entering northern ireland so the cta is a non runner . 
  we are not going to stop them entering the uk via heathrow and the eurostar . 
  your government is committed to the cta . 
  if you do n't like the cta , you will have to vote for a government that wants to end it . 
   i would say that in the case of my country the strategy is quite simple - if someone takes the effort to learn b2 level of czech , then it 's quite likely that they have a significant interest in staying in the country . 
  this makes sense for your country . 
  but our language is english so there is a different amount of potential students available , from all over the world . 
   not all politicians at the national level would normally agree on treating the eu nationals the same as the local students . 
  the reasons why politicians would not agree to this , is because they are essentially making their own taxpayers pay for something that people in other countries benefit from . 
   i think it 's awesome that young people have the right to pursue their education anywhere in the eu under the same conditions as the locals . 
  i get this , but in the uk 's case we did not think that really worked . 
  none of us can speak danish , romanian or portuguese . 
  everyone in denmark , romania and portugal can speak english . 
  the same rules impacted the uk in a completely different way . 
  i think the uk and the eu can now negotiate an arrangement in relation to erasmus and let 's see what happens . 
  it we ca n't agree , so be it . 
  you seem to enjoy finding an imaginary grievance where one does not exist , which is cool i guess . 
   but in other eu countries , being or not being an eu national can make the difference between having to pay the tuition fees and not having to pay the tuition fees . 
  someone pays the fees . 
  it is simply a question over whether that person is your country 's taxpayer or the other country 's student . 
  personally i am not sure why you would want taxpayers in your country to pay the fees for other country 's students , but if you want to do that , fine by me i guess . 
  not sure why being in the eu is necessary for this . 
  an eu country that wanted to pay their taxpayers to pay the fees of uk students could do this by itself . 
   it does n't help those who might want to do a full degree here . 
  is there nobody from the rest of the world that does a degree in your country ? 
  or nobody from the rest of the world that works in your country ? 
  that seems strange . 
  here in the uk we have people from all over the world working here and we also have people from all over the world in our universities . 
  tl ; dr you do n't need to be in the eu to travel abroad . 
   there 's no reason to repeat inaccuracies and lies from the pro-brexit crowd . 
  the pro-brexit crowd were completely correct and remain completely correct . 
  if your definition of parliamentary sovereignty is simply that the uk parliament always had the power to take us out of the eu , then of course , the uk parliament has always been sovereign . 
  but nobody on the leave side ever claimed that the uk parliament no longer had that power . 
  if your definition of sovereignty means having ultimate responsibility in relation to law-making powers , pointing out that being in the eu limited the power of parliament , because of the principle of primacy of eu law and direct effect of eu law , then we were entirely correct to point it out . 
  british people had a problem with the primacy of eu law . 
  that was a problem . 
  leaving the eu solves that problem . 
  the constitutional principle of parliamentary sovereignty is , unsurprisingly , a complex area . 
   we do n't even have any guarantee that the uk will still take part in erasmus . 
  you do n't need to be an eu citizen to do erasmus . 
  turkey is within erasmus . 
  the uk and the eu can simply negotiate an arrangement here like turkey has . 
   verhofstadt , one of the eu 's negotiators has said one of their proposals is to allow individual british citizens to keep their eu citizenship if they want it . 
  he is not one of the eu negotiators . 
  he is the european parliament 's representative . 
  he has not said that there is any proposal from either the eu commission , or the eu parliament or any eu member state on this . 
  he has only said it is his own personal opinion . 
   and i would rather offer it to all of britons , if that means that we 'll make lifes of the youngest voting groups that voted to remain easier . 
  british people that live in the eu are generally older retired people , not youngest voting groups . 
   but of those people who did n't want to actively leave those people also did not want to stay . 
  also , citizenship is not being offered to anyone at all and there is no record of who voted and who did n't vote or how people voted because we have a secret ballot . 
  the idea is insane . 
   well 37 % of people have spoken . 
  it was actually only 28 % of the people , if you consider the population of the uk as a whole . 
  or actually it was only 4 % if you consider the population of the eu as a whole . 
  or actually it was only 0.2 % if you consider the population of the world as a whole . 
  i can also do fake maths . 
   london and the free traders lost the referendum . 
  i am in london and believe in free trade . 
  i won the referendum . 
   that 's anarcho-capitalism . 
  not really . 
  it is simply liberalism . 
  british people are more free trade minded than you are . 
  that is why it does not make sense for us to be in a union with you . 
  you prefer protectionism , which is fine . 
  no , the uk is not being abolished , however much you would like to abolish it . 
  it wo n't be the first time that european countries have tried . 
   depends , we may need to keep it for equivalence . 
  i doubt it . 
  crdiv has it , but it is nothing to do with bank capital requirements and is nothing to do with global standards . 
  equivalence does not mean identical . 
   although there seem to be some scope for reducing its impact . 
  we are surprisingly tougher then a few other eu countries on it . 
  yes , once we leave the single market , we will be able to increase capital requirements in some areas . 
  i believe in free trade . 
   and what shall that mean ? 
  red/white/blue ? 
  it means ceta but enhanced free trade . 
   if wto is the fallback option , the uk has to do it because of wto rules . 
  wto rules have maximum tariff levels , but not minimum tariff levels . 
  uk could choose to have no tariffs whatsoever on any imports . 
   if it is aiming at something like ukraine or turkey agreement , it has to follow many eu regulations . 
  i doubt this will be accepted by the british public . 
  uk will go for something more like ceta plus plus . 
  it will be interesting to see if the uk , on leaving the eu , decides to get rid of the bankers bonus cap , that is currently part of eu law . 
  this move would be supported by the bank of england , that has previously argued that the bonus cap is bad for financial stability . 
  the downside of getting rid of it is that eu policy makers will get really pissy with the uk . 
  or perhaps this an upside . 
  tell us more about the change and why you changed please . 
  experts seem to have completely changed their mind since the referendum . 
  voters have not changed their mind . 
  this whole episode has been a continued lesson in the extent to which it is intellectually sensible to trust experts . 
  i agree . 
  also , the uk wo n't necessarily need to do it because we might not put tariffs on any imports from the eu . 
  i personally hope we do n't . 
  his speech did not relate to le touquet ( which is to do with the border for people and is an arrangement between the uk and france and is nothing to do with the eu ) but to do with the customs union ( which relates to movement of goods , which is an arrangement between uk and the eu ) . 
   at first , france will cancel le touquet agreement . 
  will they ?
