  the uk will still want an eea-like relationship with the eu in order to gain the benefits of the single market , which means they 'll have to rubber stamp eu legislation , like norway does at the moment , without having any influence on it . 
  the uk wo n't want a relationship exactly like norway or exactly like switzerland . 
  the uk will want to renegotiate something specific and it is n't currently clear what the rest of the eu will want . 
  all of this is up for debate . 
  however , even the the norway arrangement would still be better than the current arrangement in my view . 
  edit after your edit :  an eu who has lost one of its biggest and most influential free market advocates , so it will probably be more protectionist legislation . 
  the fact that the eu is made up of nations which are fundamentally not free market advocates and might resort to protectionism once the uk leaves , is not in my mind an argument for being in the eu . 
  rather , it is an argument for leaving . 
  what 's wrong with the article ? 
   new york is still a pretty big deal , and shanghai is fast growing . 
  hong kong is also a big one , but that might wane in favour of shanghai over time . 
  i do n't think shanghai is really on course to overtake hong kong . 
  hong kong is currently miles ahead and has a number of advantages that currently look insurmountable . 
  singapore as a financial centre is also moving further ahead than shanhai . 
   i do n't particularly consider what should the uk do on the matter as much as what should the eu , as a whole , do . 
  actions towards refugees is ultimately a global issue ( rather than being specifically an eu issue or specifically a uk issue ) . 
  given that the eu as a whole ( much less the world as a whole ) does not seem to be moving quickly on this - or even moving at all as far as i am aware , the uk needs to take a view and action now . 
  the uk has somewhat more practical options than other eu countries , what with not being in schengen and not having a land-border with continental europe . 
  the uk has the ability to largely ignore the calais situation as france 's problem and refuse entry to the uk by refugees from france . 
  however , the uk does have a moral responsibility to genuine refugees . 
  my question is more what the uk should do now in relation to that responsibility . 
  waiting for international solutions ( while preferable ) does not solve anything for the current refugees in camps in calais . 
   you can argue about the sense of these regulation case-by-case , but the fact is they `` harm '' - how about we say `` regulate '' though - the entire eu banking system on a level playing field . 
  however , the uk 's financial sector is proportionately larger . 
  thus , regulalation in relation to the financial sector disproportionately affects the uk . 
  also , the case in the article , requiring settlement entities to be located in the eurozone , means that the uk is not on a level playing field . 
   even with these regulations , goldman sachs has already said that if the uk would leave the eu they would relocate to frankfurt , and many other financial institutions would follow suit in their opinion . 
  iirc goldman said they would consider relocating some of their operations , they did n't say they would definitely do it . 
  obviously , there would be a cost benefit analysis . 
  outside the eu , london will still have many advantages . 
   also , even if you would argue that , once the uk is out of the eu , you would reapply for access to the single market , do you think the city would not have to apply with these regulations ? 
  this depends . 
  there will have to be some trade agreement between the eu and the uk . 
  whether or not that is single market access is up for discussion . 
   but even worse , you would be in a system where you would have absolutely no influence as to if and how these regulations are conceived . 
  the uk already has very little influence . 
  the difference between this and no influence is negligible . 
  i 've no idea what i think about this . 
  obviously , the uk should contribute its fair share to giving asylum to refugees . 
  however , it does seem somewhat odd that refugees have a desire to be in the uk rather than france , when surely the uk and france are essentially identical in terms of safety from whatever the refugees are fleeing . 
  however , the ability of a refugee to make a better life and get employment etc is probably much greater in the uk compared to france . 
  there definitely is n't a refugee camp in dover where refugees are trying to leave the uk and head to france ... 
  surely the primary responsibility of these refugees lies with france rather than the uk ? 
  what can the uk do in these circumstances ? 
  this one is going to be fascinating and is yet another example of a judicial action that relates to the uk 's peculiar ( and in my view ultimately unsustainable ) position as by far the largest financial centre in europe , within the single market , bound by the rules of the single market , but outside the eurozone , and ultimately unable to control the rules of the single market , finding itself always outvoted . 
  if the uk wins this case , then it is temporary good news for cameron - it will add weight to his argument that the uk can benefit from being in the eu but outside the eurozone . 
  if the uk loses this case , the pressure will further intensify on cameron . 
  the city is already starting to turn against eu membership after a string of judgments which ( to the city ) appear to be designed to harm it : the bankers ' bonus tax , the financial transactions tax , the short-selling ban , and now this . 
   some will think that uk and ireland being so far away from continental europe is denigrating whereas others will think being too close is denigrating ... 
   ... but at least we are n't about to lose 1/3 of our territory to separatists this fall [ it is starting to look like scotland wo n't be voting for independence ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 ) . 
  i guess it is too bad for the scottish national party that the english ca n't vote ... 
   i credit the english , not the prime minister . 
  ftfy what makes you write `` blame '' ? 
  nobody has done anything wrong . 
  the telegraph were n't saying it was in england . 
  it seems like a case of the redditor editorialising the title . 
  property prices in wales are on a par with scotland , northern ireland and the north of england . 
  the south of england and particularly the south east of england have much higher prices, 
  thanks . 
  in recent years it seems that the uk has made up one of the largest contingents ( both in terms of movement from the uk to spain and in terms of movement from spain to the uk ) . 
  living in london where i meet many newly arrived spaniards the whole time , this really does not surprise me . 
   look , what i meant was the eu has a lot more leverage in dealing with china than any other sovereign nation , no matter how rich and powerful it might be . 
  i do n't know whether or not this is true . 
  i understand that their is some academic literature that indicate that larger economies get more advantageous trade deals than smaller economies . 
  however , i am not sure how big that advantage is and whether it compensats for the speed with which smaller entities are able to get a trade deal and the fact that an idividual country is better able to negotiate something tailored to meet its own individual needs and circumstances . 
  in what respect is the swiss deal not great ? 
  maybe it is better for switzerland than anything that switzerland would get being part of the eu . 
  is anyone still doing this though ? 
  i have never heard of it . 
   but there are some actions which just do n't make sense . 
  but private individuals in their own homes should be able to fly whatever flag they like , for whatever reason . 
  if he wanted to fly it , then it made sense to him . 
  no other `` sense '' is required . 
  it would be interesting to see where the immigrants had come from / where the emigrants are going ... 
   what makes you think the eu wo n't be able to get an even more important deal with china than switzerland ? 
  it is possible that the eu might get a trade deal with china . 
  however , i 'm not sure what you mean by `` more important '' . 
  presumably for switzerland , their deal is more important to them . 
  the point is that if switzerland can be putting in place free trade deals globally quicker than the eu can , there is no reason why the uk ca n't too . 
  very misleading title - the house is in wales and not in england ... 
  no , / u/shanghainoon mentioned political power , but did not say anything specific about where or what that power would be . 
  i was respomding to / u/boq who was looking specifically at eurozone related power . 
  brits do n't want `` power in europe '' , unlike france and germany . 
  maybe france and germany want to tell greece how to manage austerity . 
  this really is n't something british people want . 
  given the choice between being on the hook for greek debt and telling them what to do , or not being involved , most brits would choose the latter . 
  however , the uk is lending money to greece , via the imf and ireland via a bilateral loan.also , globally the uk does not have less political power than france or germany . 
  this kind of stuff is why the uk should leave the eu . 
  growth is currently strong in the uk ( above three per cent ) but that it partly because we are catching up after a deep recession . 
  the french stock market will not even notice the french economy being overtaken by the uk economy . 
  there will be some newspaper articles and that is all ... 
  we will continue to trade with the eu . 
  their share of our trade is declining though . 
  no , eusceptics want to refocus the uk 's trade and diplomatic ties with the rest of the world , in particular the parts of the world that are growing . 
  that is n't isolationist . 
  people who want out of the eu are not isolationists . 
  there are plenty of informed people that want out . 
  the conservative party want to repatriate powers and will recommend that we leave if that does not happen . 
  ukip want out completely . 
  ukip and conservatives have more than half of the vote .
