  obviously , this does not always happen , but there is a tendency for it to happen . 
  it does n't need to be a rant , it can be a coherent well-argued opinion backed up by sources , but if is from a british flair and it is eusceptic it will attract downvotes . 
   on the other hand , imagine if uk reversed course . 
  would n't that be a huuuge vote of confidence to the eu ? 
  it would be a huge vote of confidence to the eu , but it would be a huge vote of no-confidence in the uk . 
   the problem is obviously not that these democratic rights exists , but that everybody is not on the same page and the eu is , in the end , only spending time and energy to fight itself [ this is not a problem . 
  this is uk foreign policy 101 . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ), 
   if the internal crisis ends and labour can actually work together , it 's possible that by the nest general election they might win . 
  these things currently seem very unlikely to me . 
  of course , nothing is certain in politics , but you have to remember that the people who actually decide elections in the uk , people who live in middle-sized towns in the midlands , are not into jeremy corbyn . 
  not really . 
  the british do n't like the eu because they do n't identify with or understand the eu or see it as an improvement on our own democracy is a relevant point to make . 
   the relevant number , for people in uk , is the size of the eu market . 
  the relevant number is the size of the eu market sans uk . 
  i do n't think it is `` better '' and did not use the word `` better '' . 
  i used the word `` different '' . 
  parliamentary sovereignty is not a buzzword in the uk . 
  it has a precise and technical legal and constitutional meaning . 
  it means parliamentary legislation can not be overturned by the courts for being unconstitu, 
   i know you are n't a fan of the single market , but i seriously doubt that you would be sastisfied with wto levels of access . 
  my order of preference is : ( 1 ) ceta level , but more detailed provisions on equivalence for financial services etc ( 2 ) simple agreement for tariff free trade ( with uk unilaterally opening up itself to eu on financial services etc ) ( 3 ) no agreement at all , but uk unilaterally reducing all tariffs and allowing eu to access uk financial markets . 
  ( 4 ) single market . 
  from a negotiating strategy , the uk has to be prepared to walk-away without signing anything . 
  this was cameron 's mistake . 
  the eu always knew he would campaign for remain , so they did n't really need to negotiate . 
  what on earth makes you think i did n't want journalists to aggressively scrutinise leave politicians ? 
  as in , you think that the eu would not agree to doing a deal with the uk that only affects eu competences and not national competences ? 
  if this is a case i see a trade deal between the uk and the eu as unlikely . 
  i do n't see this as necessarily a bad thing ( i am not a fan of the single market ) . 
   probably , we should split the deals in half - make one part eu only and one other part that needs approval by the domestic governments . 
  i think this is the best solution . 
  or rather , from the perspective of a trade partner what will happen is that they will the easy bit first and the hard bit second . 
  ( that is the approach i think the uk should take . ), 
   why should n't every member of the union have a say in it ? 
  there are arguments against each member having a veto ( efficiency and certainty ) and arguments for ( democracy ) . 
  what the eu does in this regard is interesting , but i do n't have an opinion or preference any more now that my country is leaving the eu . 
  if the uk were remaining i would have preferred each member state to have a veto . 
   i would argue that the people who are responsible for the legislation that makes trade deals a responsibility of the eu did not have mixed deals in mind . 
  on this i completely agree . 
   are the hosts usually that much bad-mannered in britain ? 
  this host has the most aggressive line of questioning out of all serious hosts in the uk . 
  this is one of the reasons why he is my favourite . 
  aggressive scrutiny of politicians is important for me . 
  dealing with the eu as a whole has some efficiencies ( once you sign it , you have an agreement with a big bloc ) and some inefficiencies ( everyone and their mother has a veto and their own special complaint - seriously , the waloonian parliament can veto this thing ?! ) . 
  with the passage of time , the ratio of efficiencies and inefficiencies has changed and unsurprisingly canada is frustrated by that . 
  the political point he is making is also very interesting . 
  the canada deal is a bit of a test case for the eu . 
  if it falls over at the last hurdle it is going to make those countries currently negotiating deals a bit more worried . 
  and it will make other countries less inclined to begin the process . 
  i work in a services industry . 
  we are more likely to relocate to the moon than we are to relocate to paris . 
  jeremy corbyn will still be jeremy corbyn . 
  i wish that the conservatives were faced with more serious opposition , but the reality is they are not . 
   this is what i do n't get , people think that their own leaders want what is best for their own people . 
  no , most do n't even care about their fellow countrymen , they only care about personal gain . 
  this is even easier in your own country since people are more willing to trust them . 
  i understand your argument , but i disagree with it . 
  within the uk where politicians are less remote from the people , there is more chance of them being held to account by the people and the media . 
   why ? 
  the uk has an unwritten constitution with a sovereign parliament . 
  it has the common law . 
  it has the westminster system of government which is oppositional rather than consensual . 
  it has an adversarial legal system rather than an inquisitorial legal system . 
  all of this is very different from continental europe and eu institutions . 
  quite how you manage to conclude that :  bigotry or xenophobia is a huge problem in uk from what i wrote :  the british people do not identify with the eu or its institutions or understand them . 
  unsurprisingly , very few british people vote in eu elections . 
  totally escapes me . 
  you need to be a bit careful before making any accusations of bigotry and xenophobia . 
  not identifying with a political institution is really not an example of bigotry and xenophobia . 
   i do n't think there is anything that would help the conservatives more than a couple british soldiers that died in the war against is muslims . 
  do you know anything about uk politics at all ? 
  the conservatives are currently doing much better in polls than they have for decades . 
  they do n't need help . 
  if there were a general election tomorrow they would increase their majority by a significant amount . 
  they do n't need dead soldiers . 
   it does n't make sense to have separate fisheries policies , because the fishes like to swim around in the sea , and most of it is international waters . 
  if the english leave the fish alone but the scottish eat all of them , there are still no more fish . 
  norway , iceland , faroes , eu will all have different fisheries policies from the uk . 
  given this , does it really matter if scotland and the rest of the uk organise details somewhat differently ? 
  ( this is not my specialist area and i would assume some level of co-operation and agreed basic standards , but within that a huge amount of flexibility . ), 
   then whats the problem with eu ? 
  my position is not that the eu is of itself a problem . 
  some people love the eu and want to fully federalise . 
  if that is what you want your country to do i could not be happier for you . 
  it is not for me to say how people in other countries want to manage their own affairs . 
  however , for the uk eu membership did not make sense for a number of reasons . 
  the uk for historical reasons trusts its own institutions more than the eu ones . 
  the uk constitutional and legal system does not really fit into the eu . 
  the british people do not identify with the eu or its institutions or understand them . 
  unsurprisingly , very few british people vote in eu elections . 
   then why not split up uk into even smaller independent states/countries , if that is more beneficial ? 
  because the people might not want it . 
  ultimately legislative power needs to be at the level that people want it to be at . 
   what are this global regulatory standards ? 
  [ this website has some good information on general global product standards . ] ( http://www.iso.org/iso/home.html ) . 
  or if you are interested [ in banking standards look here ] ( http://www.bis.org/bcbs/index.htm?m=3%7c14 ) . 
  i am sure you can do your own research in other areas !, 
   and the insurance is the commitment of the tory government ? 
  the uk can commit internationally to meet those standards , sometimes through binding agreements in international law .
