  fortunately the eu accepts that this is necessary . 
   what they should ask for , is for the borders between northern ireland and the uk move on uk 's side . 
  this is not what the irish government wants . 
  they want the common travel area with the uk . 
  please accept that this is what is going to happen . 
  the eu has already conceded this point . 
  you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  ireland has an opt out of schengen . 
  the irish people and the irish government want the common travel area with the uk . 
  this is n't changing the law , it is keeping the law the same . 
  you do n't get to tell them what to do , they get to decide themselves what they want to do . 
  the eu has already agreed to what ireland wants here . 
   there are the likes of corbyn who have made some rather suspicious statements regarding russia this is just one of the many reasons why corbyn is making labour unelectable . 
   and i have seen some brexiters expressing admiration to russia and putin . 
  the vast majority of brexiteers are very strongly pro nato and strongly pro the uk 's position in the liberal democratic west . 
  while there may some people in the uk that hate the west , this is likely to be far fewer than most countries in western europe - especially compared to germany , italy and france . 
  in its attitude to russia , the uk is more like eastern europe than western europe . 
  this is why it was always inconceivable that the uk would change its position on russia just because we are leaving the eu . 
  the two things are totally unrelated . 
   alinging themselves with russia , of course the uk is not going to align itself with russia . 
  this was never going to happen . 
   it will be interesting though how much support johnson will get . 
  i suspect the uk will get support from most of the g7 here . 
  perhaps italy might be less supportive . 
   this statement is hopefully an indicator that britain will not shift its foreign policy drastically this is of course unsurprising . 
  the vote to leave the eu was simply that . 
  the uk remains committed to global free trade , part of the west and committed to liberal democracy . 
  unfortunately russia is not supportive of these things . 
  sweden and norway are not in a customs union with each other , so they have a soft customs border . 
   ireland has comitment with the eu and wo n't keep open borders unless it agreed with the eu which means an agreement between eu and the uk . 
  or ireland could remove itself from eu 's custom union but that seams unlikely really . 
  the eu does not control ireland 's common travel area with the uk . 
  the eu has no power here . 
  this is something for ireland to decide . 
   if the englishs can not maintain a decent relationship with ireland the uk and ireland are agreed here . 
  both ireland and the uk like the common travel area and have agreed to keep it . 
  you do n't get to tell ireland what to do . 
  i completely agree . 
  the financial markets would be wild . 
  the uk wants to leave the single market . 
  pretty much . 
  there will be no hard borders . 
  ireland will not put up a hard border . 
  this is ireland 's decision . 
  the border for customs will be like the border for customs between sweden and norway , but more flexible and less noticeable . 
  it is not certain if the irish case will refer to the ecj or deal with the substantive question at all . 
  they may decide that this is an artificial use of the irish legal system . 
  read the eu council 's draft negotiation guidelines . 
  of course there will be no hard border . 
  the uk and ireland will not allow a hard border . 
  please try and accept that . 
  you can not force ireland to do something they do n't want . 
  no - we just wanted to keep fptp . 
  unfortunately for you the eu has already conceded on this point . 
  they have already agreed to support ireland and the uk , keeping our border open . 
   and yet they pushed the position that wed be in the same position as before no , vote leave did not push this position . 
  they specifically said we would leave the single market . 
   brexiter youd be ok with us in an eea deal but able to make our own trade deals and our own economic path ? 
  i prefer being in the efta/eea compared to being in the eu/eea partly because i do not like the customs union , but my preference is not to be in the eea at all . 
  to the extent that we stay in the eea , we are removing the ability of parliament to legislate in breach of single market laws . 
  when you remove power from parliament , you are removing it from the voters . 
  to me this is not really acceptable . 
   as u know now leaving the eu doesnt mean we can degrade standards and quality control beyond the standards of our largest market ? 
  i am happy for our own parliament to have responsibility for standards and quality control . 
  i do n't think we need to outsource that responsibility . 
  it would be an incredibly weird thing to witness . 
  it would be massively political and important but low participation . 
  i would be very surprised to see it happen . 
  i am kind of astonished at how many people in france are voting for either le pen or melenchon though . 
  i think le pen could potentially beat melenchon because some centrist voters would be not motivated to vote against le pen and would stay at home . 
  i follow him on twitter . 
  it is pretty interesting watching the tears and pain and anger !, 
  it would look like a total shitstorm . 
  not sure if there is enough popcorn for it ... 
   it 's amusing that he 's getting downvoted for saying that and you 're getting upvoted for agreeing with him . 
  as the person on this sub who has probably been the strongest advocate for brexit for several years , i am used to getting downvotes here . 
   you may not but as weve spoken before i know youre in favour of total free trade and unilateral trade tarrif removal . 
  you are right , i am in favour of these things , well remembered . 
   however that isnt quite what this whole affair was sold as initially . 
  on the ballot paper what was written was leaving the eu . 
  so this is what the government must do . 
   and personally i believe that we should be matching our actions to what the stated policies of leave at the time were as our ideal outcomes . 
  the people responsible for governing the country are the government , as they were elected to do that . 
  i am not sure what you mean when you write `` stated policies of leave '' , but there is no organisation called `` leave '' able to run the government . 
  however , you might be interested to know that vote leave , the official campaign nominated by the electoral commission in the referendum advocating `` leave '' , took the position that we should leave the single market and the customs union . 
   it was adequate for / u/dfractalh 's point as every state with `` access '' to the single market whether or not they have membership privileges respects the four freedoms . 
  / u/dfractalh wrote :  the only trouble that can arise is if britain wishes to have single-market access without respecting the four freedoms . 
  this is not a problem because the uk will have access to the single market without respecting the four freedoms . 
  he probably meant membership , not access . 
   then why use it seeing as it means bugger all . 
  i agree it is not helpful . 
  however , if someone writes that the uk will have no access to the single market , then obviously i can correct them . 
   and our current situation can not continue good , we voted to change it . 
  i do not want the current situation to continue . 
  ireland wants free trade with the uk . 
  the choice of the term `` access to the single market '' was not mine . 
  i agree it is unhelpful . 
   one would hope so , i certainly do . 
  i could imagine that legal complications arise , however . 
  not really because the entire single market acquis does not relate to the physical crossing of borders .
