  our government and parliament respect the result of the referendum . 
   she did n't find the single source she had credible enough for publication . 
  the reason why she did not come forward earlier was because she only had one source , not because she did not have a credible source . 
  it is bbc policy to doubly source stories . 
   maybe you and i have different definitions of denial , but that sounds like denial to me . 
  he did not say that the queen did not back brexit . 
   but these are just unsourced rumours no , they are sourced . 
  laura kuenssberg specifically says she has a source . 
   the absence of evidence for the contrary is n't evidence in itself . 
  there is evidence . 
  laura kuenssberg is evidence . 
   there is n't one , it 's a rumour started by gove . 
  laura kuenssberg has gone on the record saying she has a source . 
  you ca n't just ignore this even if you want to . 
   so basically an unsourced rumour started by the sun , which was then denied by nick clegg , who was supposedly had a first hand account , and then buckingham complained about the accuracy . 
  laura kuenssberg is a serious journalist . 
  she would not have gone on the record with this without a credible source . 
  clegg did not deny the account . 
  buckingham palace has of course not made any statement about whether or not the queen backed brexit . 
  given what we know about the queen , it is more likely that she did back brexit than she did n't . 
  there are no good sources indicating that she was opposed to brexit . 
  this is one of the really interesting things about brexit that has not been considered enough . 
  a significant amount of people that support scottish independence did not want the uk to remain in the eu . 
  this should not be a surprise . 
  [ see this link . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/dec/26/queen-did-back-brexit-run-up-to-referendum-laura-kuenssberg ), 
  we are now in parliamentary ping-pong . 
  according to parliament 's website , the date that the house of commons considers the amendments from the house of lords is yet to be announced , but people are assuming that it will be the beginning of next week . 
  but the house of commons can not override the house of lords quickly . 
  the only way this legislation can be passed quickly is if the two houses reach an agreement , and it is likely that the house of lords will accept the view of the house of commons ( one ping , followed by one pong ) . 
  this means that the legislation could be finalised by about 16 march at the earliest now . 
  it is likely that the moment the legislation is passed , the newspapers will start a massive campaign demanding that may begins the negotiations and she will not want to wait long . 
  she will not want to do it close to the rome summit . 
   why have a queen if she ca n't refuse to sign a law that would be damaging for her kingdom ? 
  the queen supports brexit and knows it will be good for her kingdom . 
   1 . what is included in the eea agreement ? 
  many thanks , as already made clear i do not think that the uk should join the eea . 
  i am not suggesting that the uk should join the eea . 
  my strong preference is that the uk does not join the eea . 
   you are . 
  and in 1938 you were as well . 
  and so were we . 
  in fact , we were the only liberal democracy left in the central european region . 
  you still preferred to make a deal with the nazi germany and forced us to surrender to hitler . 
  the political regime did n't matter when your vital interests were at stake . 
  this was a mistake by the uk . 
  i can not go back in time and change it . 
  churchill said at the time '' * we have sustained a defeat without a war , the consequences of which will travel far with us along our road ... * '' you and i are both interested in history and we are both saying that history is important to understanding a culture and a people . 
  we can both agree with churchill that the consequences of the munich agreement are of course still with us '' * along our road * '' even today . 
  we ca n't either of us forget it . 
  it is doubly painful because it tarnishes our view of uk 's actions in ww2 as a whole . 
  during ww2 , the uk did do some things to try and correct the mistakes it made in munich and received the following from your government-in-exile-in-london '' * we assure you of our real satisfaction and of our profound gratitude to your great country and nation . 
  between our two countries the munich agreement can now be considered as dead . 
  * '' just as things like the munich agreement is still with us , the rest of ww2 and churchill 's actions are still with us too . 
  it would be a historical mistake not to consider the full historical picture of ww2 and not just munich . 
  we can also talk about yalta . 
  again , we might wish that the uk had acted differently , but it is very difficult to know what the uk could have done at that time when faced with stalin . 
  but we should also remember that the uk was one of the countries that helped bring about the end of the warsaw pact and the ussr and pushed hard for czechia to join nato and be welcomed into the west . 
  i guess what i am saying here is that while we are not perfect and we can at times be ruthless cold and calculating people focused on our own interests , we brits do understand the importance of self-determination and democracy and want that for you too . 
  also , i think we got sidetracked . 
  personally i am not negative , i think our best days are ahead of us ( yours too ) . 
  we face challenges , but we also face opportunities and we should embrace them . 
  he won it with the vote of labour members . 
  once the public vote in a general election , he will be destroyed /, 
  we already talked about nato with each other , but that 's just one thing . 
  he also might start a trade war with the eu i do n't think trump wants a trade war with the eu . 
  i hope that the eu does not want a trade war with trump . 
  the uk does not want a trade war with anyone at all . 
  if eu and us have a trade war with each other , the uk will not get involved and try to trade freely with both as that is in the best interests of the uk . 
  outsourcing decisions about trade to the eu did not make sense for the uk because fundamentally most of the eu is more protectionist than the uk is . 
   it could push you even further to the us , while the eu might be pushed closer to china . 
  the uk is going to stay closer to the us than it is to china , because the us is a democracy and china is n't . 
  whatever we think about trump ( and i am not a fan ) he was elected . 
  i do not think it makes sense for a country like czechia to try and be closer to china than the usa . 
  i also think it makes sense for czechia to keep responsibility for its own foreign policy : the more of that you give to the eu there is a risk that you get an outcome that is not in your interests . 
   russia will absolutely do everything they can to make that happen and they 're very skillful at abusing our weaknesses . 
  this is why it is necessary for those countries that understand russia to stay close . 
  most of we does not think the same way about russia as cee thinks about russia . 
  the uk is one of the few hawks when it comes to russia and it is therefore in the interests of the uk and czechia to stay aligned on this . 
   brexit is an unprecedented situation and we do n't know what kind of events it will unleash ... 
  if the unity of the west collapses , then i have no doubts that the uk will try to establish a new position in this world and this position might simply not include us . 
  brexit is unprecedented , but the uk did not fundamentally change . 
  we are still a liberal democracy operating under the rule of law . 
  we still have the same old tories in power , who still think that nato is fundamental to uk interests . 
  [ the main change in terms of trade is that the uk is going to be pushing commonwealth trade a lot harder . 
  ] ( http://thecommonwealth.org/media/press-release/commonwealth-host-inaugural-meeting-trade-ministers ) the west will stay united unless le pen wins . 
  if she wins , i think then all bets are off . 
  but the uk will still want a position in the world in which it is aligned to those countries which are democratic . 
  i am sure czechia will want this too . 
   the swiss have been trying for the past two years to square the circle and implement the result of their referendum on eu quotas with the current arrangements with the eu , unsuccessfully . 
  because they need to guarantee the rights of eu workers to live and work in switzerland , otherwise all the bilateral agreements they have with the eu will cease to apply . 
  here you are talking about the swiss-eu bilaterals , not about efta . 
  i am suggesting that the uk joins efta , not that the uk copies the swiss-eu bilaterals . 
   it would n't make sense for the eu to accept free movement of goods and services from countries who do not adopt their regulations on quality , safety , etc. 
  efta membership does not govern free movement between efta members and the eu . 
   switzerland participates in such court rulings . 
  [ you can read about the efta court on its website . 
  it does not have jurisdiction over switzlerland . 
  ] ( http://www.eftacourt.int/the-court/jurisdiction-organisation/introduction/ )  the uk has no expertise left and very little time . 
  brexiteers in sunderland and stoke on trent want benefits here and now .
