  we have a popular conservative government with low unemployment and good economic growth . 
  i agree that the fn would not be good for a budget in france . 
  if your position is that it would be impossible for france to leave the eu while maintaining a liberal democracy capable of deciding budgets , then that is an argument for france staying in the eu . 
  no we ca n't . 
  for example , we ca n't lower tariffs while we are in the eu . 
  many thanks for your kind comments . 
  actually , we know from polling that the eu is unpopular in france . 
  i recall a pew survey in june that showed a majority of french had an unfavourable opinion of the eu . 
  separately , i am obviously not in the fringe in the uk . 
  i am in the majority . 
  once france leaves the eu , anti-eu parties would n't have to be in power . 
  the uk is going to manage this . 
  why not france ? 
   i 'm not saying this as a way to hurt the brits , just that i despise what their current political party has done our parliament decided to ask the people how they wanted to be governed . 
  the government gave us its opinion . 
  the people disagreed . 
  we can be proud of this exercise . 
   who has an unelected leader theresa may has been elected . 
  she is a member of parliament . 
   a party which recently tried to bypass a parliament the law in terms of the royal prerogative and parliamentary sovereignty is uncertain , with different constitutional lawyers having different opinions . 
  the government had a particular view . 
  that view was tested in the courts . 
  the government abided by the courts decision . 
  this is normal functioning of a liberal democracy . 
   and one of the journals of the free press who called its judges `` traitors to the people '' free press . 
  it is normal to have a free press in a liberal democracy . 
   all with the current administration . 
  as for the brexit itself , i 'm skeptical about the referendum since it 's turning into a case of tyranny of the majority not really . 
  in a democracy why should the minority keep us in the eu against the views of the majority ? 
  imagine if we had voted remain and then we remained in the eu . 
  would you be complaining then about then about the tyranny of the majority ? 
   i 'm not saying i do n't have confidence in france well , we agree . 
  we both think france could be a liberal democracy outside the eu . 
   seeing as the main-anti eu parties are far-right and idolize dictators , and seeing your tories and trump 's current rule , i hope you 're not offended if i say : i doubt it . 
  the uk is a free market liberal democracy , with the rule of law , a free press . 
  now you can try and argue that france would not be capable of this outside the eu ( i personally have more confidence in france than that ) but it makes no sense to try and pretend that the uk is n't a liberal democracy . 
  we are a liberal democracy that voted to leave the eu and now are government is doing that . 
   what they have been the first for , if anything , is the first countries to vote for idiots because they were `` fed up with the system '' . 
  conservative government is not idiotic . 
  that 's great news , let 's hope that this green shoot grows into something . 
  thanks - that is really interesting about that ciaone meme ... 
   the eu has many problems , but i 'm not willing to kill it because of them , knowing the alternatives . 
  the alternatives are infinite , and what we make them . 
  we can be liberal democracies outside the eu . 
  generally i find this a good sub and i have interesting discussions with people even though i argue from a brexiteer perspective . 
  but some opinions seem to end up heavily downvoted . 
  i am not surprised by this , people have a very strong emotional feeling about things like the eu . 
  downvoting opinions that challenge orthodoxy is inevitable , 
   please tell me where this meme which seems to have no basis has come from . 
  people would prefer to believe that brexiteers are not in favour of free trade . 
  it is a classic strawman tactic . 
  argue with a position you wish your opponent had , rather than the position they actually have . 
  if they acknowledge that brexiteers tend to be free trade fundamentalists , they have a much harder argument . 
  source : i am a free trader and brexiteer . 
  i am not convinced that among the population of the eurozone as a whole , leaving the eurozone has no mainstream appeal . 
  i am not really sure of the position in france though . 
  i find it somewhat surprising that mainstream politicians in france do n't want to touch this issue . 
  to me it seems like an issue that should be really confronted . 
  yes , a whole world . 
  not just a continent . 
   and you think that will change ? 
  the uk will lose all bargaining power of course it will change . 
  we are leaving the single market . 
  that is a change . 
  hopefully things turn out great for portugal too . 
  one of my favourite countries , very nice people . 
   even as a brexit support , you can acknowledge that such a tight result will have consequences for your society the result was very tight , but i am not sure if this is a big problem , provided that both sides recognise the legitimacy of the outcome , which i think they do . 
  remaining in the eu would also have had consequences for our society . 
   and may also result in harsh relationships with the rest of eu . 
  i doubt it . 
  uk is a liberal democracy and a free market . 
  look at the rest of the eu 's neighbours right now : russia , turkey , libya ... we 'll end up liking each other much more once you have all calmed down . 
  which is your country ? 
  i agree that there are some big challenges for democracy in western society currently . 
   i think the common ground to discuss is broken this is not the sign of a healthy democracy in my mind . 
   the fact that is extremist does n't mean it need to be out the discussions . 
  in my mind if you call a particular position extreme , when it is not extreme you cause some problems . 
  it means that when someone comes up with a genuinely extreme position , you wo n't be credible . 
  and it means that people that support the position that you called extreme will be forced to vote for extremist politicians , because they will be the only ones talking about it . 
   people can have their opinion and be against euro and against eu but in most cases their position is extreme because it has extreme consequences . 
  we know that joining the euro had extreme consequences . 
  at the time of that debate , many of us pointed out that it would cause massive unemployment and then we were proved correct . 
  i still think we were right not to call those who supported the euro `` extremists '' because the best way to debate with someone is in an unemotional way , but using logic . 
  we also should be unemotional and logical about being in or out of the euro or the eu . 
  if you want your country to be in the euro and the eu just defend those positions using rational argument . 
  i do n't think calling people who disagree with you `` extremists '' makes much sense . 
  we can see with our own eyes that being inside the euro can cause massive problems and we can see that being outside it can be fine . 
  we can also see , as the uk leaves the eu , that leaving the eu turns out to be fine . 
  now , i accept that leaving the euro would be immensely tricky and difficult . 
  but solving the euro 's problems is also going to be immensely tricky . 
  and just doing nothing will be too . 
  there are no easy options any more . 
  what makes sense is to weigh up these various options and discuss them calmly , without simply calling people who disagree extreme . 
  i have no recollection of you at all , but many thanks for getting in touch all the same . 
   what is more extreme : entering nato or leaving nato ? 
  while i am a strong supporter of nato , i do n't think it makes sense to call a politician who supports leaving nato an `` extremist '' . 
  it should be within the range of acceptable political discussion . 
  those of us who support nato should be able to argue for staying in it on its merits , rather than trying to delegitimise our opponents . 
   not all share the same british mindset , and continental europe has different geopolitical challenges . 
  i agree that the way we think about the eu in the uk , and in fact the way we think about democracy in the uk , can be different from how these things are considered in continental europe .
