  it is possible that there are defections between conservatives and ukip in both directions , but not really possible that any ukippers defect to eaf . 
  eaf is considered the political wilderness by uk media . 
  anyone that goes there would be ending their political career . 
  i also do n't see any conservatives going to the epp ( this has never happened ) . 
   afd 's leader lucke already made clear that he does n't want to cooperate with the ukip . 
  how do they feel about co-operating with the various nordic populists/sceptics ? 
   scotland is likely to be joining a group of wolves in sheep 's clothing if it really expects a left-of-center northern european bloc . 
  scotland might end up being very happy as a wolf in sheep 's clothing too though . 
  scotland is very happy with conservatism , it 's just the tories that struggle there . 
   oh well , i think they might negotiate joining the ecr on the condition that none of the scandinavian populist parties join . 
  yes , this is possible . 
  i guess this partly depends on what conservatives and pis want . 
  would they rather have afd or the scandies ? 
   there could even be questions about whether it continued to merit a seat on the u.n. security council . 
  if ruk loses permanent seat on unsc we will take the french down with us . 
  i do n't see it happening . 
   and be a member of the group of seven economies at a time g7 also has canada and italy , so i think ruk would be fine . 
   well , correct me if i 'm wrong , but i though that afd was appealing to the soft-euroskeptic , anti-euro vote and running on a centre-right platform for the rest . 
  correct , this does seem to be their platform . 
   i 'd think that being associated with populist , anti-immigration parties that flirt with racism would hurt their electoral prospects in germany . 
  true . 
  but what are they going to do in the ep ? 
  or join others ? 
  do you think they would go non-inscrit ? 
   the ep elections in the uk are n't fptp so they could theoretically win a seat at the ep and then do badly at the general and local elections . 
  like ukip did for quite a while . 
  it 's theoretically possible , as you say , but i do n't see it as remotely likely . 
  one of the main problems for insurgent parties in the uk is getting publicity . 
  there has been almost zero media space given to uk epp and i am not sure how they will be able to get any . 
  in the short term the possibilities are : ( 1 ) labour win the general election . 
  conservatives dump cameron and choose a new leader . 
  new leader is most likely more eusceptic than cameron . 
  ( 2 ) conservatives win the general election . 
  uk tries to renegotiate on a repatriation of powers . 
  uk either succeeds and maybe stays in the eu or fails and maybe leaves the eu . 
  i do n't see a space for proeu conservatives at the moment !, 
   i do n't think the afd can sit together with parties like the dansk folkeparti , the true finns or the swedish democrats . 
  they might have to choose !, 
  the dansk folkeparti and the true finns might be joining the ecr ( the uk conservatives are trying to isolate ukip ) and the swedish democrats might join the efd . 
  how important to afd is their salonf\u00e4higkeit ? 
   is n't there room for an other conservative party in the uk , except a pro-eu one ? 
  the fptp system is very unforgiving to new parties . 
  there are some small efforts in the uk [ to start a new pro-eu conservative party ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/sections/uk-europe/new-uk-epp-party-vows-be-alternative-tories-ukip-301715 ) . 
  this party stood in london in the eu elections , but only got 30,000 votes - and they wrote on the ballot ukepp . 
  ( ukepp looks a bit like ukip , no ?! ), 
  there are some people that would like to change the conservative party from within and make it more proeu , but this is more or less impossible . 
  the way that the conservative party chooses new mps is by letting local conservative associations select candidates . 
  and local conservative associations tend to be very eusceptic and therefore if you are pro-eu you have almost no chance of becoming a conservative mp . 
   or is the two-party system pretty much closed up at this point ? 
  we will see next year if the two-party system is closed . 
  but if another party is going to join that system it is going to be ukip . 
   sure , i put the afd in the ecr group but maybe that was a bit premature . 
  i think afd in the ecr is the most likely , but cameron might decide not to accept them ( as a favour to merkel , cameron must stay friends with merkel ) and there is also an afd minority that is very pro-ukip . 
   the uk is the only country without a delegation in the main group . 
  i get that cameron 's conservatives are not pro-eu like the rest of the epp , but getting out of the epp was the single largest blow dealt to british influence in the european parliament . 
  cameron did not have that much ability to stay in the epp . 
  to say that the uk conservatives are not pro-eu is something of an understatement . 
  within the uk conservatives there have for years been many mps that have openly campaigned for a brexit . 
  there are almost zero conservatives who want the eu to be more integrated at thus staying in the epp would have been incredibly difficult . 
  the uk conservatives are also notoriously rebellious and prepared to destroy their own government over europe . 
  it 's true that taking the conservatives outside the epp does reduce british influence in the ep , but it might have been the only way to keep the conservatives in government in the uk . 
  germany 's afd also need to find a group . 
  and so do the italian m5s . 
  and there are various other new parties in this parliament that will want groups . 
  i guess then you can use `` hard eurosceptic '' to describe ukip and `` soft eurosceptic '' to describe the conservatives then ... 
   as a side note , it really annoys me how euro-sceptic = anti-eu . 
  i use the expression eusceptic . 
   the eurozone . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  we get rid of the monarchy and you join the poundzone ? 
   poland - 50 % of people between 18-25 voted for knp , a party with 7 % support . 
  the future is ours . 
  why did you vote knp ? 
  what is your main policy objective ? 
   get rid of royalty first and then we talk . 
  what do we talk about ? 
   that 's 15-16 % , which is n't exactly dramatic . 
  the drama is not so much the total percentage , but really what happened in a few specific countries , mainly france and greece and to a lesser extent uk and denmark . 
   i do n't think there 's really such a thing as a `` eurocritical '' party as such - eurocritical is basically the policy position of the uk conservatives . 
  they want the eu to be scaled back and powers to be repatriated to the member states . 
   they just want less weak countries in the euro . 
  but this view is basically dynamite and totally contrary to eurothodoxy . 
  saying that greece needs to leave the euro means that you are against the eu , right ? 
  i hoped this link would have been a map . 
   but one can vote against regulations and laws that are made possible by competencies . 
  but was there any way i could have voted as a brit to make any impact here ? 
  sceptics do n't have a blocking minority . 
  as a lawyer working in international finace , i am very involved in following the eu legislative process . 
  voting labour or libdem or green makes really no difference at all and both are part of blocks headed by federalists . 
  the conservatives are in ecr and have never managed to block anything . 
  so i might as well vote ukip . 
   type of workaround is a made a logical choice that i am against let 's just work a way for us to be agreed . 
  we both know and agree it is a work-around . 
  and we both know it will have an outcome that i want . 
   are you a solicitor or barrister ? 
  solicitor and no oath . 
   to become a british ( or canadian ) citizen , you do have to swear an oath to the queen . 
  true . 
  but if you feel strongly about it , do n't become a british ( or canadian ) citizen . 
   offensive and incompatible with modern western thought .
