  the uk wants to access markets all over the world . 
  because of wto rules , tariffs are now much less of a risk than they once were . 
  i do n't think that the reu will impose tariffs on the uk because the uk is the reu 's largest export market and because the reu has a significant trade surpluss with the uk . 
  as for agreeing with the reu terms for uk exports , that is fine . 
  the uk agrees to chinese rules for exports to china and usanian rules for exports to the usa . 
  that is the nature of international trade . 
   i do n't see how this will improve your situation . 
  improve national democracy , make trade deals with other countries , send less money to brussels , be able to make regulation quicker and more effectively . 
   i just see nationalism as loving your own country , but not as being as superior to others . 
  similar to how i love my own family , or my children , but i do n't think they are `` superior '' . 
  not criticizing you , i just think its an interesting difference in how we define it . 
  the eu does not like the concept of patriotism towards a country . 
   you wo n't leave the eu . 
  a big part of your population will be scared because the future out of the eu is unpredictable as a result they will choose to stay . 
  this is uncertain . 
  if you look at countries around the world , it is obvious that being in the eu is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition for success . 
   it is still possible to work toward a more integrated europe , but with different level of integration . 
  i believe renzy ( and others ) proposed this . 
  honestly , it could even be better for the integrated countries since they will kind of dictate their conditions to the other countries , just like it is hapenning now with norway and switzerland being dictated to by the eurozone is one of the reasons for the uk to leave . 
  if france wants to become federalised with the rest of the eurozone , fine . 
  but the uk should have nothing to do with this project . 
  it will all end in tears anyway . 
   maybe it was a mistake to enlarge the eu so much . 
  the uk was right to push for a wider eu rather than a deeper eu . 
  this way , we have ensured that the eu is going to suffer permanent institutional paralysis , just in time for us to leave . 
   the usa wants the europe unified just enough so it can more efficiently put it to use , but not beyond the point where europe starts to have its own separate foreign policy . 
  this , ironically , leads to the same conclusion : uk needs to stay in the eu . 
  this might be why the rest of the eu wants the uk to stay . 
  it is n't a reason for the uk to stay . 
  this really disgusts me . 
  this is a nod and a wink to the sd even though the sd were not at the table . 
  if swedes tell opinion pollsters that they are planning on voting sd , this essentially forces other parties to reconsider their positions . 
  i 'm loving the portmanteu , `` czexit '' . 
  this is much better than brexit and grexit and perhaps even better than exit or uscita for italy ... 
   however i am able to stumble through dutch and french with relative ease . 
  i defy your reasoning behind learning a language neither opportunity nor incentive led me to look into dutch or french . 
  i was interested , shocking i know , i decided for no particular reason . 
  i break your mould of how you think everyone in the uk is . 
  i do n't think everyone in the uk does n't learn foreign languages . 
  i am in the uk and i speak french , spanish and italian . 
  i am very interested in languages and learning them . 
  however , the vast majority of brits do n't speak other languages remotely well enough for working purposes . 
  you must have had some incentive to learn dutch . 
  that incentive might have been `` finding dutch interesting '' or it might have been `` was in love with a dutch person '' . 
  these are incentives . 
  however , you need to recognise that interest in learning dutch makes you pretty unusual in the uk . 
  my sister speaks dutch as her husband is dutch - but actually that was not easy for her since all dutch people speak incredible english so she finds it hard to make them speak it with her . 
  as for leaning french , perhaps you had some french classes at school ? 
  or were there no language lessons in your school whatsoever ? 
   ok so make it somewhat difficult within the eu , then remove ourselves and make it harder !? 
  why ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  it really depends on the terms of the new arrangement . 
  if we are in the eea , then there is no difference whatsoever . 
  even outside the eea , there will be no noticeable difference for the vast majority of british people . 
  most people that have skills will find it easy in any event . 
  most people without skills already find it difficult . 
   the way i see it is within the eu anyone in the uk can live anywhere within the eu , regardless of background , knowledge , or skill set . 
  the reality is that they ca n't , unless they have funds ( e.g. 
  going for retirement and selling property ) . 
  if currently you are young and poor without languages or skills , you ca n't really find work in most of the eu ( other than ireland ) at the moment . 
  there just are n't jobs you can do . 
  if , like me and you , you speak other languages and have skills , you will find it relatively easy ( though a lot does depend on how good the unemployment figures are in countries we want to go to ) . 
   again lithuania is just an example , you 're taking me literally , are you drax from guardians of the galaxy ? 
  if you do n't like the answer , do n't ask the question . 
  the answer to learning any language is opportunity and incentive . 
  which languages do you speak ? 
  in the uk , opportunity and incentive for language learning is low . 
  few people speak other languages very well , these tend to be motivated people . 
  the fact that you are asking this question makes me wonder if you are really interested in learning languages yourself ? 
   as it 's currently not difficult at all within the eu ... 
  it is somewhat difficult , because of high unemployment and relatively low salaries across much of the eu , combined with most british people not speaking other languages . 
  this is why relatively few british people work in the rest of the eu . 
   what about people who do n't have a skill set worthy , but know french and would love to work in paris . 
  what 're they supposed to do ? 
  a majority of british people that speak french well are highly educated and have good skills . 
  if you do n't have good skills , it is already difficult for british people to work in paris . 
   i 'd also wager that is quicker to learn another language than it would be to get a job in a multinational and then work their way up enough to be applicable for a position within the company but abroad . 
  i was probably fortunate in being sent overseas by a multinational in my first year of employment . 
  however , i guess that 's partly because of language skills . 
  i stand by my original claim though . 
  if you are a motivated individual , you will get the languages and skills necessary to work overseas , whether or not the uk is in the eu . 
  if you are not motivated , you probably wo n't learn the language or not get the right skills . 
   i was using lithuania as just a random example . 
  maybe i should 've said germany or the netherlands , places with similar salaries . 
  for people with good skills , working in the netherlands or germany will likely not become difficult after leaving the eu , just as it is not that difficult for brits to work in australia and new zealand . 
   also what 's stopping a person learning lithuanian ? 
  what languages do you speak ? 
  as someone who speaks several languages , i think language learning is mainly about opportunity and incentive . 
  lithuanian is not taught in schools or universities in the uk , so we do n't really have the opportunity . 
  it is a difficult language compared to many other languages . 
  it is spoken by relatively few people . 
  while i am sure it is a beautiful and interesting language , the reality is that the number of british people that try to learn it is vanishingly small . 
   ` y' know what , i fancy moving to lithuania and working there ' and you can just do it . 
  no visa , no work permit , you can just go . 
  while this sounds nice in practice , most brits do not speak lithuanian or want lithuanian salaries , which is the reality of most jobs in lithuania . 
  the easiest way to work overseas is to work for a multi-national company . 
  in that scenario the company will deal with everything , your visa , flights , accommodation , bureaucracy and so forth . 
  in practice , brits with good skills find it relatively easy to work all round the world . 
   however who says that the numbers in 2020 will be the same as in 2015 ?
