  i personally learnt the language when i lived overseas . 
  i am just answering the question . 
  presumably the brits in austria do n't need german to be able to live there . 
  that 's why they do n't learn it . 
  which jobs do most poles and croats do in austria ? 
  genuine question . 
  the types of jobs that different nationalities do as expats varies . 
  i am sorry if this fact offends you . 
  yes , me too . 
  is there not a system that requires them to register in order to access health care ? 
  that would solve the problem . 
  i 've worked in another eu country . 
  i have travelled extensively in spain , spent a lot of time there and speak spanish . 
  it is on this basis that i do n't think it is possible that there are 600,000 brits working in spain . 
  the resorts are simply not that big . 
  citation needed . 
   while the pensioners going to spain are actually costing the uk a lot of money through missed tax revenue , yet noone complains about that . 
  what taxes is the uk government missing out on ? 
  thanks . 
  this does not account for 600,000 people . 
  please do n't make assumptions about me . 
  edit - why the downvotes ? 
  i do n't complain about immigrants not speaking english and not integrating . 
  when i have lived abroad i have learnt the language . 
  i am simply answering the question . 
  brits do n't need to learn other languages to work abroad . 
   have you been to the british ghettos where nobody bothers to learn spanish , everyone working in the shops , bars , supermarkets , etc is british , `` no spanish food '' is outside restaurants like a michelin star , and the daily mail is available on demand ? 
  no , i have not been to one of these places . 
  it sounds like you have though . 
  however , even without going i can be certain that there are not 600,000 brits working there . 
  try to be realistic . 
   i have a feeling i can guess where the majority are . 
  but your mind is already made up in ukip 's favour so i do n't know why i 'm even bothering . 
  what do you mean my mind is made up ? 
  the data in the article is extraordinary . 
  that 's why i am questioning it . 
  separately , if you are going to take this kind of approach to discussion with me i think it is best if you stop messaging me . 
  it is extremely rude to try and discredit my arguments on the basis that i am eusceptic . 
  no , spain is the fourth most popular destination , behind australia , usa and canada . 
  the data is not intended to cover holiday makers . 
  it is inconceivable that 3.4 % of the spanish workforce is british . 
  have you been to spain ? 
  there is an eu agreement covering this . 
  i do n't know what work poles are doing in austria . 
  perhaps some of them are doing work which requires knowledge of german ? 
  no , this can not be true . 
  there are not 600,000 brits working in spain . 
  think about the number of brits who speak spanish . 
  think about spanish unemployment levels . 
  have you even been to spain ? 
  this then explains why brits do n't learn german . 
  they do n't need to . 
  so in seriousness , what are the brits in spain doing ? 
  in what way do they leech off the health service ? 
  the uk government pays for their health use . 
  are you being serious ? 
  what are brits doing in austria that do n't speak german ? 
  presumably they do n't need german to work ? 
  which jobs ? 
  how many brits are working in spain ? 
   there are over a million brits in spain . 
  most of them are retirees living in the coast , that 's why unemployment figures do n't matter . 
  and as of ... no , according to the article most of them are not retirees . 
  the article indicates that there are only 400,000 british retirees in the reu , yet over a million brits in spain . 
  this means that there are over 600,000 non retired brits in spain . 
  i 'm trying to work out what the hell they are doing ? 
   think about the number of brits that speak spanish . 
  has another explaination : brits retirees in spain like to form ghettos , immersed in their own language and do n't ever talk to spaniards . 
  they have their own places and they are serviced in english exclusively . 
  they 're just that nice . 
  so there are very few brits working in spain ? 
  british people should not be on benefits in finland . 
  that is ridiculous !, 
  they should either work or go back to the uk . 
  the numbers in the guardian totally contradict the numbers in the euobserver article . 
  the euobservere article is claiming that there are similar numbers of brits in the reu as reuers in the uk . 
  your guardian article indicates that there are far more reuers in the uk than brits in the reu . 
  how can they afford to live there ? 
  why are they there ? 
  the data in this article struck me as surprising . 
  it claims that there are over a million brits in spain and of the brits in the eu , 400,000 are retired . 
  so what the fuck are the 600,000 + brits doing in spain ? 
  it simply is not believable that there have ever been 600,000 brits in spain who are working . 
  look at spanish unemployment figures . 
  think about the number of brits that speak spanish . 
  there is n't a confrontation between russia and the eu . 
  there is a confrontation between russia and the west . 
  the uk is going to stay part of the west even when it leaves the eu . 
  who is going to be divided ? 
  the uk is going to be a hawk whether it is in or out of the eu . 
  the uk 's former bnp leader did go to russia i think . 
  however , the bnp are an electoral irrelevance in the uk , with no seats and less than 1 % of the vote . 
  ukip and the conservatives ( the main eusceptic parties in the uk ) are not funded by moscow . 
  the uk out of the eu is not going to be any friendlier to russia . 
  just like other non-eu countries , like usa , canada , norway , japan and australia have sanctions on russia , the uk would too ... 
  no , i am a lawyer . 
  also , i do n't think the word interesting can be stretched quite as far as you want . 
  also , the poster who responded to me , u/ho-tdog did not seem to be arguing with me that switzerland was interesting because it was peaceful . 
  he was just arguing that it was good that it was peaceful and i agree with that point . 
  i 'm not saying that switzerland invented the cuckoo clock .
