  i also think that a majority of the conservative party are in favour of it . 
  i am not sure that they will win . 
  the uk had this same argument in the 19th century with the corn laws and the free marketeers in the tories won that time - we can win this time too . 
  we just won the referendum which we were told we could n't win . 
  quotas are just another form of tariffs . 
  the best way to liberalise trade is to remove them . 
  no - the uk could just put zero quotas on lamb tariffs from new zealand . 
  that would be my strong preference . 
  thanks very much, 
  unfortunately inside the eu the uk can not reduce tariffs on other noneu countries . 
  outside the eu we can . 
  from the uk 's perspective , being more open is more competitive . 
  but we will see . 
  i suspect that the uk will go further than the eu in terms of how open it is to foreign banks accessing uk markets, 
  people in favour of remain were in favour of the eu deciding tariffs . 
  we know from experience that the eu has stronger protectionist instincts than the uk does . 
  that is why a lot of strong free marketeers were also brexiteers . 
  i think there were strong differences between trump and brexit . 
  i think we know we are going to have to keep on paying for them , but emotionally we do n't feel very close to them . 
  ironically people in england feel culturally closer to people in the republic of ireland . 
  differently , people in scotland and northern ireland are culturally close and have close historic ties and family links ... 
  it would be great if the eu were able to create a new global financial centre as competition is always good . 
  however , in order to do that , the eu needs to truly open itself up to global trade rather than be protectionist . 
  i have to be careful what i say because my sister 's husband is northern irish and it is very important to him !, 
  he feels very british tho ... my mother 's family is from the republic of ireland and my mother considers herself irish , though she was born in england . 
  this can make sunday lunch interesting - my brother-in-law has a strong irish accent but insists he is british while my mother has a strong english accent but insists she is irish . 
  :-) personally i think the uk and ireland should both respect what the people of northern ireland want . 
  though i feel a bit sorry for northern ireland as while both the uk and ireland pretend to want them , secretly neither of us want to pay for them / deal with their problems ... 
  i 'm not really sure why you want to control that . 
  i am a brexiteer and am not proposing that the uk grows all its own food for example . 
  nobody is suggesting leaving international capitalism or stopping trading . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  it is n't about my contacts at westminster , it is more that there is not really any point to leaving the eu if the uk still gives the eu control over tariffs . 
  the uk is putting in place its own department for international trade ( which suggests that it wants to be able to reduce tariffs ) . 
  seems like she will listen / leaving customs union seems likely . 
  removal of tariffs . 
  pretty sure we will leave it at this point . 
  the ability to reduce tariffs was one of the reasons i voted leave . 
  agreed that a new arbitration body or something equivalent is a good solution - the key is that it wo n't be an eu institution and that eu law wo n't have primacy in the uk any more . 
  i agree that the city wants equivalence - but note that they are really not the same thing . 
  equivalence allows legislative drift and control by the uk . 
  as a city worker myself i much prefer equivalence . 
  scotland is n't poor , and the bbc is biased often . 
  i agree that the uk economy is fine and we do n't pay attention to northern ireland tho . 
  ok - i am talking about a global financial centre like new york or london . 
  there is no reason why the eu will have one of them . 
  london will likely continue to be the eu 's financial centre . 
  there is no reason why the eu should have any financial centres . 
  i am also guessing you do n't work in finance . 
  all subsidiaries of uk banks that are incorporated in the eu will have to comply with eu law . 
  however - most banking activity will take place in london . 
  that is the key point . 
  a london incorporated subsidiary of an eu bank will be regulated both by the uk and the eu , that is fine . 
  the uk will definitely want to ensure it complies with uk rules and is under the jurisdiction of uk courts . 
  this can be made to work with a memorandum of understanding between uk and eu . 
  the uk already does this for banks around the whole world ( other than russia/sanctioned regimes ) we let them all access our markets . 
  under eu regulation , passporting has a narrower meaning . 
  to keep passporting into the eu , the uk would have to let the eu control the uk 's financial sector . 
  that would not be acceptable to the uk . 
   well only 7 to 8 % percent of the city is directly linked to trading with the eu . 
  it is a figure i have seen floated around in discussion like this . 
  that figure is correct , but it is the amount of trading the city does with the eu . 
  note that in terms of the eu , the need of corporates to have access to a financial centre is incredibly important . 
  city no longer wants passporting . 
  where did you take the 70 % number from ? 
  the only way the eu can do that is to create a global financial centre . 
  that takes decades and it is nowhere near close to doing that . 
  lol at basilicata - cristo si e ' fermato a eboli ... 
  i have never had any problems with queues in benelux , i admit ... 
  when i used to live in italy they were not that good at it ... 
  uk should stay out of this one until someone invades belgium . 
  which of their policies are far right ? 
  no - we do n't have any far right parties since the bnp disbanded . 
   you see it 's hard for far-right parties of for example the uk and romania to work together we do n't have any far right parties in the uk ... 
   probably . 
  but i think they 'll mostly be more skeptical ... and they of course have seen already what 's happened in the uk and the us . 
  what have they seen ? 
  low unemployment and good economic growth ? 
   only if the germans are more educated than the americans and the british . 
  are they ? 
  leaving the eu is not far right . 
   foods , transport and pharmaceuticals , particularly , need strict regulation , and that 's done easier on a large scale , than on hamlet-level . 
  i disagree . 
  the problem with the eu 's regulatory system is that it has a tendency to try and regulate even where markets can regulate and it also is very slow at correcting errors . 
  harmonised regulation is also not necessarily a good thing as it inhibits regulatory innovation ( which itself allows for real analysis as to the consequences and effects of regulation ) . 
  lol !, 
   such standards just hinder technological advancements this is basically why i think the uk should leave the single market . 
  i also support the eu having both these taxes ( after we have left ) . 
  bosnia also has a tiny bit ... 
  boris johnson speaks french :-), 
  i think you would do great !, 
  no - i think lots of european countries could govern themselves fine , even belgium !, 
  do you think belgium would not be able to govern itself ? 
   britain 's export industry is not even the biggest part of their trade with the eu . 
  what is bigger than this ? 
   do n't pretend leaving the single market would have no detrimental effects on the uk . 
  it will have positive effects for the uk , because we will be able to regulate in a different way from the eu . 
  this will lead to better progress , both in the uk and the eu . 
   another false argument , you 're still ruling yourself in the eu . 
  do n't pretend we 're a federation , we 're far from it , and it 's not like it 'll happen any time soon .
