   is the uk really going to cut it 's nuclear arsenal ? 
  it would be insane for the uk to get rid of nuclear . 
  i do n't think it will happen . 
  [ however , there is a small risk down to negotiating position of the scottish national party who do n't want nuclear weapons in scotland ] ( http://www.itv.com/news/2015-02-11/nicola-sturgeon-scrapping-trident-would-be-fundamental-in-labour-snp-coalition-agreement/ ) ( but do want to be part of nato , a nuclear alliance . ), 
  while i am a supporter of the uk staying together , i think keeping nuclear weapons is more important , given how risky the world currently is and the potential for future risks . 
  if not having nuclear in scotland is a deal-breaker for scotland , my preference would be for the uk to break up , the ruk to transfer nuclear weapons to somewhere else in the ruk and then for the ruk to veto scottish membership of nato . 
  reino unido behind francia - bad times . 
   i 'd rather have equipment and soldiers sent to the baltics and poland than anywhere else in europe . 
  the baltics and poland are the only sensible place to send equipment right now . 
  there is a general election in the uk in a couple of weeks . 
  defence spending is a political issue , though a marginal one . 
  i hope that the main political parties commit to 2 % gdp defence spending . 
   the german government , my government , is asleep at the wheel . 
  in the event that greece ends up leaving the eurozone ( an event i still consider unlikely ) i hope that my government will immediately offer greece a loan ( i assume in conjunction with the us ) to keep things going until the new currency stabilises to ensure that greece does not go begging to russia . 
  that would be a real disaster . 
   and it was probably in midleton , in co. . cork . 
  it probably was , though after drinking enough of the stuff i might as well have been anywhere . 
  was any of the comment necessary ... ? 
  do russians have a preference for whiskey or whisky ? 
  i must admit that i struggle to tell the difference despite having gone on a whiskey-tasting afternoon at a refinery in cork and done my very best to educate myself . 
  i note that the difference is of great importance to some of my drinking fellows so perhaps this is something that would annoy russians too ... 
   banking is a trade until their losses from wind-trade are dropped on the populace . 
  i 'm not someone that agrees with tax-payers bailing out banks and am pleased that many countries have fixed some of their regulation related to this . 
  once we are comfortable that the only people on the hook for poor banking decisions are bankers , i think we can be a bit more relaxed about what bankers do and who they are . 
  the correct alignment of incentives is the single most important thing in ensuring good behaviour . 
   much of the middle and higher middle management were very concerned on running against the law or being put in a position by their underling that they could face court . 
  many of the updates and upgrades that we did to the system that we were developing was to make sure that there was always authentication , authorization and trail to all credit decisions that were made . 
  just to clarify , i am not saying that bankers do n't have a wide-range of legal obligations which are of great relevance and concern to them . 
  i am saying that their interaction with the law is different from that of a lawyer . 
   it should be something similar to laywers . 
  if they break the code , they should not be allowed to be bankers anymore for example . 
  i am a lawyer . 
  ;-) personally i think that it makes sense for lawyers to be regulated more harshly than bankers , for two reasons . 
  ( 1 ) firstly , the primary function of a lawyer is to advise on the law . 
  if they are found to breach any law , this goes to the very heart of their credibility and integrity and immediately involves them in serious conflicts of interest . 
  the primary function of a banker is not so directly involved in law and regulation and the range of activities a banker engages in can be very wide . 
  ( 2 ) secondly , law is a profession ( like being a doctor etc ) where as banking is a trade ( like being a journalist etc ) . 
  it takes years of training and specific exams and qualifications to become a lawyer , whereas becoming a banker requires much less specific training . 
  if bankers breach the law , they should be subject to the law in the same way as the general population is subject to the law . 
   the fact that this is said as if its surprising bothers me . 
  it is said not because it is surprising , but because it is new and reflects legislative changes brought about by banking union and the bank recovery and resolution directive . 
  i agree with your general point though , we should not consider it odd that when a business fails the people that suffer are the investors/owners rather than the general public and happily this is the case in relation to this bank . 
  a shame that the investors included a public body ( the region ) , so some of the loss will be passed on to taxpayers anyway . 
  this title is totally different from the one used by the bbc . 
   we are like brothers that started dating two crazy girls that hated each other ( england and france ) and they dragged us into their fights , so we ended up not talking to each other for some time . 
  not quite . 
  from the perspective of here , portugal ended up dating the normal girl ( england ) while spain decided to date the crazy girl ( france ) . 
  the bit about the fights is correct though . 
   you will have all the growth that you need italy has not really had any growth since it joined the euro . 
  it is a disaster . 
  italy is in the wrong currency . 
   we can read it hear every day and of course first in linewith their proposals these columnists have their own national intersts in mind . 
  as an british eurosceptic , who are usually very critical about the smallest intermeddling from the rest of europe in their internal affairs i would actually be interested how you see this from this regard . 
  free press is a good thing . 
   the gold standard ended up like that because many of the involved countries got massively overdebted during ww1 . 
  until ww1 it worked quite fine . 
  thats why deficit rules are important . 
  the eurozone is already not working well . 
  you can keep pretending it is working well though . 
   this has probably been the master plan of the city of london from the begiining . 
  no , it was n't the plan of the city of london . 
  this chaos is something the eurozone managed to achieve all by itself . 
  brits ca n't decide whether to laugh , weep , or just buy pop-corn and watch the show in growing disbelief . 
   you are promoting a fiscal union without a political union , since you know that a political union can not democratically be achieved in the near future . 
  this is totally undemocratic and viaolates the principle `` no taxation without represenentation '' . 
  there are many strong proponents of political union on this sub who argue with me that political union is possible , when i say that the uk should brexit . 
  where do they go when they are told that greece needs a fiscal union ? 
   there is no such rule that a monetary union can not work without a fiscal union ( gold standard , hanseatic league ) . 
  the gold standard ended in ignomony . 
  do you think that the current eurozone set up is working and should not be changed ? 
   since you are a eurosceptic outside the eurozone i doubt that you have the best intentions for the future of the eurozone . 
  before setting up the eurozone , it would have made sense to listen to british eusceptics , as we predicted exactly this mess . 
  unfortunately , nobody listened to us then . 
  you can keep on ignoring us and i suspect you probably will . 
  this does not mean we are not correct or our advice should not be followed . 
   what you fail to understand is that not even greece does want a fiscal union . 
  the moment eu starts implementing fiscal union 's law you will see millions of fags ( reference ) all over europe complaing for the evil technocrats conquering their countries and stealing their national sovereignty . 
  the choices are : ( i ) the status quo - incomplete and failed monetary union , with resulting continuing crisis , bailouts , low growth , high unemployment and extreme political parties ; ( ii ) full political and monetary union and fiscal transfers ( and the political difficulties that this entails ) ; or ( iii ) going back to national currencies ( and the political and economic consequences of that choice ) . 
  which one of these is the best choice ? 
   do we need the eurozone to work ? 
  seems that most people are cool with it not working . 
   also , most historians ( and apparently also part of allied command ) agree that if allies attacked germany in ' 39 , the war would have lasted few weeks , end with little casualties and both third reich and ussr would cease to exist swiftly . 
  even if this is true , this does not mean that it was clear to the uk that this was the best course of action at the time . 
   of course not , he would probably try to fight . 
  but after so many years of war ussr was devastated , much more than uk or usa , it would be an easy target . 
  the uk was devastated too after so many years of war . 
  the uk could not have defeated the ussr . 
   `` war was declared by each side , but no western power committed to launching a significant land offensive , notwithstanding the terms of the anglo-polish and franco-polish military alliances which obliged the united kingdom and france to assist poland . '', 
  yes , with the benefit of hindsight , the uk could have managed the war differently . 
  but we did not know this at the time . 
   i do n't know , maybe tell stalin to fuck off and go back to russia , instead of getting half of europe , leading to 50 years of oppression , millions dead , economies shattered and world divided ? 
  what would stalin have done then ? 
  fucked off and gone back to russia because the uk said so ? 
   uk was committed to helping poland in ww2 ? 
  that 's why they abandoned it completely and just sit on their arses while hitler and stalin completely destroyed it the uk did not sit on their arses during ww2 . 
   and when the war ended they gave it to stalin so he could rape it some more ? 
  what could thre uk have done differently at this stage ? 
   so having a political superstructure is merely a desire , a whim to you ? 
  i have no idea what point you are trying to make here . 
  i am not making a general point about a political superstructure or the motives for one .
