  note that this figure includes people that want to be on zero-hours contracts . 
  i 'm personally really liking these crazy meanwhile pictures ... 
  yes , it is literally what you said . 
  i provided some further detail , in agreement with you . 
  the uk is leading the way . 
  in the last couple of years , the uk has created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together . 
  france is at close to record levels of unemployment . 
  is there any political party in ireland that wants ireland to join schengen ? 
  `` core '' is not geography in relation to the eurozone . 
  it is the extent to which an economy is aligned to the german economy . 
  for example finland is part of the core . 
  but it is not geographically close to the centre of the eurozone . 
  in before blue banana ... 
  it is the justice system that puts people in jail . 
  not relations of victims or the media . 
  the fn is definitely part of a far right tradition . 
  but this does not mean that the people who vote for them are all extremists . 
  otherwise , the view expressed by / u/mike _ freyrie is tautologous . 
  his point is that the fn only got votes from extremists . 
  if you define fn voters as extremists , then his point is true , but not helpful . 
  what we are trying to understand is whether the fn are doing better in the polls , if there is a shift to the fn and why . 
  do you mean last sunday 's voting ? 
  the fn got 25 % of the votes . 
  i think this is more than extremist voters . 
  do you understand how the criminal justice system works ? 
  me too . 
  it was just on the news in the uk that they are disappointed and surprised by the verdict . 
  also , turkey is in nato ... 
  no , they know various other things too . 
  - they know that the co-pilot actioned the descent of the plane . 
  - they know that the co-pilot was breathing normally until the end . 
  - they know that the co-pilot blocked the re-entry of the pilot into the cockpit . 
  - they know that the co-pilot did not respond to contacts from air traffic control . 
  extrapolations are being built from these facts . 
  no , i 'm more than happy for germans to come to the uk . 
  i 'm also happy for pakistanis to come to the uk . 
  i do n't distinguish immigrants on the basis of nationality . 
  i 'm just pointing out that it does not make sense for germans to view the uk 's influence as a negative one for opposing stronger european integration , when the integration that germany has supported has had very bad results . 
   there 's quite a lot of support for stronger european integration in germany , this has caused a disaster . 
  you have supported a common currency without fiscal transfers . 
  this has caused massive unemployment over southern eurozone . 
  it would have been better if the uk had been more successful at sabotaging this . 
  lol . 
  those germans . 
  any excuse !, 
  someone wake me up when they invade belgium !, 
   no , the culture in spain is very anti-work . 
  it was n't the called the ` poor man of europe ' for three hundred years for nothing . 
  we 've all been the sick man of europe before : the brits , the germans , the french , the ottomans , the austrians , the greeks ...  ` tis not a political problem , it 's a cultural problem . 
  and cultural problems rarely change . 
  we have corruption at all levels of governance , including corrupt trade unions , corrupt and crony government protected businesses and an inflexible labour market making it harder to start a business in spain than in france !!!, 
  this is a very bleak view , though perhaps it is the correct one . 
  i agree that cultural factors are very very difficult to overcome . 
  this is one of the reasons why i think the single currency , as currently designed , is such insanity . 
  it assumes that different economies can be aligned into the same currency with the same interest rate with no fiscal transfers and that the different economic rates that will inevitably arise because of different cultures will somehow be overcome by ... ... voodoo magic ? 
  optimism ? 
  a blue flag with yellow stars ? 
  this is insanity . 
   i left spain when i was a teen and i will never go back , no matter the circumstances . 
  i find this hard to understand , though i must admit it is not the first time i have heard this . 
  i have spanish friends that tell me that they would never go back to spain : it makes it seem as if spain has some fundamental and permanent flaw that can never be fixed . 
  i just find this a bit unbelievable . 
  it my mind spain can be fixed : it is just a question of political will . 
  but maybe i am missing something ... 
   we started the recovery june or july last year . 
  qe was n't needed for us . 
  in fact , our minister of economics advised against it as it risked overheating the recovery in the long term . 
  spaniards in london are not yet going back to spain . 
  to me , that would be a sign of the crisis in spain being over . 
  not that i want them to go back : i just want them to feel that they have an option to go back to spain if they want to . 
   no german news outlet does that . 
  [ they do . 
  here is today 's bild . 
  i 'm not a german speaker , but even i can work out who this is talking about , what his name is and what he wore when he did the frankfurt half marathon in 2013 . 
   the treaty of lisbon does not ( to my knowledge at least ) contain a `` mutual defense clause '' ( like the nato treaty does ) , but it does contain a `` common defence/enhanced co-operation '' clause ( see here ) . 
  [ article 42 ( 7 ) of the treaty of lisbon ] ( http://www.lisbon-treaty.org/wcm/the-lisbon-treaty/treaty-on-european-union-and-comments/title-5-general-provisions-on-the-unions-external-action-and-specific-provisions/chapter-2-specific-provisions-on-the-common-foreign-and-security-policy/section-2-provisions-on-the-common-security-and-defence-policy/129-article-42.html ) is a mutual defence clause , though it is weaker in scope than the nato article 5 provision . 
  if the baltics were the usa and the lithuanians are the rednecks i guess that makes the estonians the new englanders and you guys the rust belters ? 
  did the uk get a good deal with the lithuanians ?!, 
  are they the right people for reverse image ?!, 
  or should we veto this and try and get the estonians ? 
  i do n't know the answer , but i do know that lots of lithuanians seem to like the uk ... 
  i already have a job !, 
  there is very low unemployment in the uk , which is why many europoors from the eurozone come to the uk for work . 
  my ability to get a job relates to my skills . 
  no , the uk trades more with the rest of the world than with the reu . 
  also , the uk focuses on services , like law , which can be sent round the world in an email or telephone call . 
  no need to be close to the eu . 
  getting cut off from the uk is going to hurt the eu . 
  also , the uk has avoided invasion from europe for almost 1000 years . 
  if we can withstand hitler and naploeon , we can withstand junker and merkel !, 
  why would it hurt ? 
  there are many great economies outside the eu !, 
  the uk would be like one of them . 
  in case you had n't noticed , the eu economy has not been doing great !, 
  my expectation is that within a couple of days industry will be doing this anyway . 
  i think airline users will demand it and airlines will not be able to suffer the reputational damage of non-compliance . 
   you 're talking about the likes of ceta . 
  however , you do that , and you 're effectively cutting off the uk from the rest of europe . 
  you might not see any downsides to that , but you can say goodbye to any companies who have established themselves in the uk to have a foothold in the eu , and the city of london certainly wo n't be happy because any fta will necessarily shut them out of the single market . 
  the only alternative is eea/efta membership , which is essentially eu membership without any say .
