  greece urgently needs to devalue . 
   the country is utterly ruined . 
  i do n't know if you have been there recently but the problems of that country are so systemic that a different monetary policy is not going to safe it . 
  i was there last august and will be there again this august . 
  as you say , it is ruined : we agree on this . 
  the ruination has been partly caused by being in the euro : it is not competitive with countries that it is in a currency union with and has no realistic prospect of becoming competitive with them . 
  staying in the euro is not going to help greece unfortunately , because northern europe is never going to consent to the eurozone becoming a transfer union . 
  they have tried to solve this problem within the eurozone for five years and it has only got worse . 
  their only hope is the drachma . 
  this is not sufficient , but it is necessary . 
  it is good that the drachma will devalue . 
  a devaluation would be planned , to represent the true state of the economy . 
  for the exact same reason that you just agreed that it is good that the euro is being devalued against the dollar , the drachma also needs to devalue . 
  for a while greece would not be able to borrow on the markets , and in this interim they would need to borrow from the imf or sovereigns . 
  however , given that they have a primary surplus , they are in a relatively good position . 
  eventually they would be able to borrow from the markets again , just as iceland and other defaulters always can . 
  the markets forget . 
  having your own currency allows you to set your own monetary policy . 
  given how out of line the greek economy is with the eurozone 's economy , they really need this . 
  i agree that they are fucked , the question is what is their least worst option . 
  this is the new drachma . 
  just as it is helpful for the currency used by austria to be able to depreciate against the usd , it is helpful for the currency used by greece to be able to depreciate against the currency used by germany . 
  unfortunately the latter is not possible . 
  yes , local stuff can be from anywhere . 
  i 'm not interested in something with totally local impact . 
  this is more the commission 's fault than the imf , though the imf are not blameless either . 
  not everything about the uk will be of general interest to / r/europe . 
  somethings really are local !, 
  i sometimes see stuff posted that is about the uk , but in my opinion not really of interest to / r/europe generally . 
  i think stuff that is not of general european interest should n't be posted here . 
  hard to enforce or judge thoigh !, 
  no thanks , 
   or we can learn to live with this type of crisis , and with periodical depressions of parts of the union , and financial crisis . 
  judging by the comments i see on here , the people of the netherlands and germany are never going to agree to a transfer union ( obviously the uk will never be part of it ) . 
  so i think you need to learn to live with financial crisis . 
   wait , you believe \u010cnb is more clever than ecb ? 
  good joke . 
  the cnb only has to consider the economic situation of czech . 
  the ecb has to consider the economic situation of the entire eurozone and different member states within the eurozone maybe experiencing different economic circumstances ( as is currently the case ) . 
   brilliant . 
  \u010cnb devaluated the crown , and my income suddenly decreased by 5 % . 
  i 'm happy . 
  the ecb devalued the euro and suddenly my income increased by 10 % . 
  i am happy . 
  the czech currency devalued against the euro a couple of years ago , so i do n't think there is a hard peg . 
   devaluate till people carry their salary in baskets full of money no , devalue by say 10-15 % ( or whatever measure is needed ) , like the euro is currently doing against the dollar . 
  the ability of a currency to depreciate or appreciate is a massive advantage that cze would not have if they joined the euro . 
  cze has used this in the last couple of years . 
  joining a currency union that has numerous flaws ( e.g. 
  central bank with mandate aimed excessively at price stability rather than employment and growth , no transfer mechanisms , central bank not being a lender of last resort , central bank extremely reluctant to put in place extraodinary measures even when required for a number of years ) is not sensible and it would mean that cze could not devalue if need be . 
   the final stage is set . 
  `` this is n't the end . 
  it is n't even the beginning of the end . 
  but it might be the end of the beginning . '', 
  norwegians and swiss seem to like their deal and i can see the many attractions . 
  in my mind it is a better deal than the uk 's current deal ( though i think there are even better deals to be had ) . 
  / u/falconberger is one of my favourite redditors of / r/europe . 
  he has great irony and understatement . 
   like i said , i 'm playing the odds . 
  seems to me like you make assumptions to find evidence and then use that evidence to play the odds . 
  this is n't really playing odds because the odds wo n't be correct , but based on false assumptions . 
  it will certainly end up with you finding that xenophobic remarks are made by ukippers . 
   anyway , for someone that claims to only support ukip to get out of the eu you spend a tremendous amount of time whitewashing the sins of the party . 
  in what way is this white-washing ? 
  this remark was xenophobic . 
  i agree with you . 
  i 'm not white-washing it . 
  it 's nothing to do with ukip though . 
  perhaps one of the reasons why you think xenophobia is common among kippers is because you see a xenophobic remark made by someone with a username that might be british ( despite no flair and use of americanisms ) and assume that it is made by a kipper , even when it is n't ( as you have done in this case ) . 
  given that these assumptions may well be wrong ( as they are in this case ) you might want to question whether your other experience of seeing xenophobia among kippers really is what you think it is . 
  if most of the people you meet who are xenophobic are n't british it seems a bit odd that you would assume that this person who has written a xenophobic remark is both british and a ukipper , without any other evidence . 
  is your experience that every single person you encounter who makes a xenophobic remark a ukipper ? 
  very few ukippers are xenophones . 
  this person certainly is n't a ukipper . 
   otoh , why do we ( as germans ) have to be the motor of all this ? 
  brits and french ( depending on whichever mood each nation is in ) either ca n't or wo n't be the motor . 
  the uk is sort of becoming a motor again , but driving in the opposite direction ... an eu with a single motor is going to start getting tricky real quick . 
  denmark is one thing , but this is all going to get incredibly complex if this becomes a political issue in the elections in spain and portugal later this year and potentially other elections in 2016 and , depending on the timing of the brexit referendum , the french and germany elections . 
  i guess i need to make sure i have enough popcorn . 
   lets say there is no freedom of movement . 
  an anesthesiologist from outside the eu wants to move to the uk . 
  the hospital just fills the government forms and the anesthesiologist immigrates with a permission of uk government . 
  that would not happen to a construction worker from outside of the eu . 
  if there were no free movement , or the uk were outside the eu , the uk would not prioritise anesthesiologists from eastern europe over anesthesiologists from the rest of the world . 
  this would make it somewhat harder for anesthesiolists from eastern europe to get to the uk ( reducing the brain drain from eastern europe ) . 
   `` brains '' could leave anyway unless there is an iron-curtainesque ban on leaving . 
  emigration does not just depend on push factors . 
  it also depends on pull factors . 
  if pull factors are reduced , then emigration is reduced . 
   people living in western countries have been blind to the negative effects of this `` freedom of movement '' aspect . 
  i have consistently on this board said that the consequences of free movement are more negative for countries where they lose the brightest and the best than they are for countries which gain those people . 
  i guess eastern europe should listen carefully to cameron . 
   the fact that it doesnt end in greece , where they are treated like animals in the centres and the acceptance rates are minuscule , isnt changing the main point . 
  it does n't even end in france though . 
  or the multiple countries between greece and france . 
  they want to get to the uk . 
  the fact that they are safe in france seems to be irrelevant . 
  anywhere in southern europe - weather netherlands - bicycles france - food ireland - craic, 
  these studies were done before the london olympics took place . 
  it turned out that there was a boost to the uk economy and also that the venues did not become white elephants .
