  protocols ca n't supersede the lisbon treaty . 
  protocols are added to the treaties . 
  there already are many protocols added to the treaties which derogate from the specific provisions within them . 
   i 'm sorry but what ? 
  fiscal transfers would comprise regular payments , debt relief is an emergency mechanism . 
  if greece stays in the euro they will need regular payments . 
  if they leave , they wo n't . 
   to obtain a competitive advantage against who ? 
  each other ? 
  at least the tourism sector is n't competing against baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ... 
  there is n't a set size of the tourism sector in southern europe . 
  it can become bigger or larger and the costs to tourists will of course impact it . 
  one of the reasons i am going on a long holiday to southern europe this summer is because it has become relatively cheaper for me ( as the pound : euro exchange rate has moved ) . 
  if it had n't become relatively cheaper i might have chosen to do something different with my time or take a shorter holiday . 
  outside of the euro , southern europe could of course let currency depreciate and compete against other parts of the world in multiple industries . 
   does n't europe do the same ? 
  i 'm pretty sure in portugal for example you are out of unemployment benefits after 1,5 years i think ? 
  in the uk you get it forever . 
   with an argument that is contingent on greece leaving the eu . 
  it 's pretty much an added perk . 
  not quite . 
  as already mentioned , a protocol pursuant to which greece leaves the euro but stays in the eu could be sorted out very quickly indeed . 
   what are you basing this on ? 
  i am talking specifically about debt relief within the eurozone , not fiscal transfers . 
  effectively these are the same thing with different names . 
  once you have one , you practically have the other . 
   if the treaty is renegotiated to allow for debt relief , it will apply to all parties . 
  even if we include a provision that only allows debt relief to a non-eurozone eu member state , that would just lead to other highly indebted eurozone members exiting the eurozone to get debt relief , which i take is something you wish to avoid . 
  do we want to stop countries leaving the euro ? 
  ( unless the euro is fundamentally reformed , which might not be possible , then we want countries to leave the euro , so that they can do better . ), 
   because for that to happen , you would need to renegotiate the lisbon treaty , which requires the approval of all 28 member states . 
  lots of countries would need to call a referendum . 
  remember how well that went down last time ? 
  politically it would be far easier to push greece out entirely than convince the electorates of 28 countries to amend the treaty to allow for debt relief . 
  at some stage the treaties need to be renegotiated anyway . 
  nobody thinks that the current treaties are permanent . 
   and if you 're going to amend the treaty of lisbon , why not do it while greece is still in the eurozone and write off its debt immediately ? 
  in fact , this is exactly what i personally think should happen . 
  the difference is that if greece stays in the eurozone the transfers to greece will need to be permanent , whereas if it leaves the euro the transfers will only need to be temporary . 
  the process for renegotiating the treaty for permanent transfers and the political agreement for it will be harder than the process for temporary transfers . 
   politically it would be far easier to push greece out this is neither politically desirable or legally possible . 
   my point is this : sch\u00e4uble 's temporary grexit proposal is a ploy to push greece out of the ez and the eu without calling it that . 
  no , schuable is not trying to push greece out of the eu . 
  he is trying to push greece out of the euro . 
   or the treaty would need to be a ) ignored , or b ) amended . 
  if a ) , why ca n't we ignore it now ? 
  if b ) , why ca n't we amend it now ? 
  or conversely , if eu member states are unwilling to renegotiate the treaty now , why are we assuming they would be prepared to do so with greece out of the eurozone ? 
  it is the difference between having to permanently bail out greece ( and likely in the future other southern euro countries ) or give them a once off temporary bail out . 
   because the lisbon treaty literally ( literally ! ), 
  forbids debt relief between eu member states , have you not read a single one of my comments . 
  yes , i know that the treaties say that . 
  but the treaties will have to be changed or otherwise the eurozone will collapse . 
  debt relief is necessary . 
  the true block is a political block . 
  if politicians can agree to give greece debt relief , then they can change the treaties . 
  you need to explain why you think giving greece debt relief while outside the eu is more politically acceptable than inside the eu . 
   greece could do all that outside of the eu , where it can actually negotiate for debt relief . 
  the advantages of exiting the emu + staying in the eu vs. exiting both pale in comparison to the disadvantages . 
  again , debt relief is the whole reason why syriza walked out on the original deal . 
  it makes no sense for it to give in to sch\u00e4uble 's grexit plan and still remain in the eu where it can not get debt relief . 
  they can negotiate for debt relief both inside and outside the eu as they have already been doing . 
  politically i think there is more chance of debt relief in the eu but outside the eurozone ( and this is certainly where schauble seems to be ) . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that the reu would be more keen to give debt relief to greece once it is outside the eu . 
  currently the main blocks to debt relief are political . 
  if these political obstacles can be overcome , then the legal changes become relatively easy . 
   i 'm still holding out hope syriza manages to renegotiate the deal somewhere down the line . 
  i 've been bombarding my representatives to give greece a fighting chance this entire week . 
  from a political perspective , to me this looks unlikely in the extreme , if anything the deal will only get worse for greece . 
   schauble is giving the very strong impression that greece can get debt relief outside the ez but inside the eu . 
  this is of course hogwash as / u/lustschloss pointed out , because the `` no-bailout-clause '' ( art . 
  125 tfeu ) applies to all eu member states , not just ez . 
  this clause will have to be changed at some state whatever schauble says . 
  it makes no sense . 
  you can have the euro or you can have the no-bailout-clause , but in the long run you can not have both . 
   but why would greece want to exit the emu but not the eu ?? 
  as already mentioned , they could have a different monetary policy , more focused on the needs of their own economy and they could devalue . 
  think about the reasons why the uk or sweden or poland have their own currencies . 
  these same advantages would apply to greece . 
   it would involve an extremely costly exercise in creating a new currency from scratch in the context of their total debts and the potential benefits , this amount is negligible . 
   immediate collapse of the banking system no , done correctly it would not collapse the banking system . 
   and yet another painful recession they are already in recession . 
  the consequences of a grexit on the greek economy are up for debate . 
   it may end up being the most sensible thing if the troika keeps making impossible demands , but that does n't mean it would n't be disastrous all the same . 
  there has already been a disaster . 
  it is simply a question of working out which course of conduct is most likely to bring about a recovery . 
  i think the eurogroup are going to continue to make impossible demands on greece , so a grexit is now vastly preferable . 
  ( i agree it will be very painful . ), 
   even under the revised amendment procedure , would n't this require ratification by all member states ( parliament/referendum ) ? 
  it would require ratification by all member states to take legal effect , but would not necessarily require parliamantary approvals or referendums in states ( differently from a full on treaty change ) . 
   and the eu simply chose to ignore it whether they ignore it or not is irrelevant to greece 's membership . 
  there is no mechanism for them to remove greece from the eu . 
   but under the current treaties see my other post . 
  there is the option to do this within the law ( quick and easy protocol ) or there is the option to do this outside the law ( breach ) , but neither of these results in greece leaving the eu . 
   besides , the entire point of a grexit , both from the view of its greek and european proponents alike , is that it would allow a haircut for greece . 
  the clause sch\u00e4uble keeps referring to about the impossibility of debt relief within the eurozone is a lisbon treaty article , which applies to all eu member states , meaning that true debt relief is impossible for greece as long as it stays a eu member . 
  if grexit becomes a reality , why would greece even want to exit the emu without also exiting the eu ??? 
  a haircut is not the only purpose of a grexit . 
  there are other advantages too , including changing monetary policy so that it is different from that of the ecb and being able to let its currency float freely against the euro . 
  this would be an additional advantage to greece in the same way that it is an advantage to the uk , sweden and poland .
