   footing the bill does n't mean providing a loan at a low interest rate . 
  providing a loan at lower interest rates than the market provides is footing part of the bill . 
   if you 're going further than that and considering indirect losses in your reasoning , than do n't stop there . 
  then say eg that german banks are being bailed out because they are the largest creditors to these southern banks and companies at the risk of defaulting . 
  i agree with this , german banks are being bailed out by taxpayers . 
   loans do n't classify as `` footing the bill '' the loans are n't on market terms and thus to an extent they are footing the bill . 
  for example , italy partipated in the emergency loads to greece , however , in order to partipate italy had to borrow money from the financial markets . 
  the borrowing rates for italy from the financial markets were higher than the interest it gets from greece . 
  thus , in a very real sense , italy was footing the bill . 
   the loss of lives in a war or the behavior of civilians during wartime is only what it is : loss and pain . 
  would you have preferred the uk to have stayed neutral during ww2 ? 
  in my mind the natural consequence of not being proud of the uk 's participation in ww2 is to wish that we should n't have participated at all . 
  and that would have been a disaster . 
   once we have gotten rid of the british , the eu will be able to regulate the financial markets so that city banksters with their dodgy derivatives and hedgefonds were n't be allowed to drive sovereign states into poverty to earn their multi-million bonuses . 
  i 'm afraid that sovereigns are going to continue choosing english law to govern some of their bonds and choosing the english courts to have jurisdiction over disputes surrounding those bonds !, 
  ( they do this because there is a pricing advantage . ), 
  if sovereign states do n't want to pay back their bondholders , perhaps they should n't borrow money from hedgefunds in the first place ? 
  so you do n't actually particularly like romanians ? 
  you just dislike brits ? 
  there wo n't be defaults in the eu - there might well be further debt restucturings , greek-style - maybe greece again or maybe portugal . 
  ( for the english law governed eurozone sovereign debt , i would advise the bondholders to refuse to participate in any restructurings and seek full payment on schedule . ), 
  i 'm not blaming an act . 
  i 'm blaming those governments that did not legislate to enable more house building at the time that house building became a problem . 
  thatcher in 1979 could not have envisaged that there would be three million more people living in the uk due to immigration . 
  this has obviously been one of the key reasons for the need for more houses . 
  it is 24 years since thatcher left office . 
  you really need to stop blaming her for the uk 's current problems . 
  i 'm not sure if it really makes sense to blame the 1979 tory government without giving equal blame to subsequent tory and labour governments all of whom could have enacted legislation to make house building easier . 
  given a choice between fundamentalist muslims and jews , the old european left will likely choose fundamentalist muslims . 
  we saw a similar dilemma in the london mayoral elections a couple of years ago when the labour candidate , ken livingstone , tried to gain the support of both muslims and gay people , presumably on the basis that both are perceived minorities and thus obvious clients of the left . 
  on finding that fundamentalist muslims and gay people hated each other , livingstone promptly abandoned the latter . 
  the market for building houses is not free in london . 
  a lot of land ca n't be built on because of extremely rigid planning laws in the green belt . 
  worryingly , some policy makers in london have been talking about rent controls here . 
  what london really needs is to build more houses , and many more . 
   of course , with this bullshit what will happen is that people will start to learn how to circumvent the filters and invent various types of peer to peer networks and steganography to do so . 
  or , somewhat more easily , if you want to see porn , when your internet service provider asks you if you want to use family-friendly-filters , you can select `` no '' . 
  problem solved . 
   i absolutely agree with you . 
  my point was that the uk could maximise its economic gains from the eu if it integrated more and built the single market with greater enthusiasm . 
  as pointed out already , the study that you are relying on to show that the uk has not gained much from integration , also shows that the uk is one of the more integrated countries . 
  i 've no idea how you manage to rely on the study for one point but then ignore it for the other point . 
  also , the uk has been the country that has pushed the single market the hardest and is particularly keen to push for single market integration in relation to services given the importance of services to the uk 's economy . 
   consequently , the lord 's claims are not true . 
  the final arbitrators are the courts and not the search engine operators . 
  this is a bit of a strawman i 'm afraid . 
  you 're accusing the hofl of saying things that it did n't say . 
  it did n't say `` final decision '' or `` final arbitators '' . 
  these are your words , not the words of the house of lords . 
  what the house of lords did say , at paragraph 56 is :  `` it is wrong in principle to leave to search engines the task of deciding many thousands of individual cases against criteria as vague as `` particular reasons , such as the role played by the data subject in public life . '', 
  obviously , search engines will need to make these decisions . 
   from the lord 's statement i do n't see any proposal to deal with the problem of privacy violation by new legislation . 
  [ i refer you to paragraph 3 of the european council 's statement on the right to be forgotten which specifically refers to future legislation ] ( http://register.consilium.europa.eu/doc/srv?l=en&amp;f=st%2011289%202014%20init ) , which was mentioned in the hofl 's statement . 
  obviously , the house of lords , as part of the legislature , should be able to comment on what this future legislation should look like . 
   what i see is an attack on european legal institutions . 
  good thing too . 
   what the lords object to appears to be that the search engine operators are to decide whether to act on a request for deletion or not . 
  but the lords do n't tell us how that decision is to be made instead , they simply do n't want it made at all . 
  i 'm not familiar with the legal aspects , but i assume that anyone whose requested is not acted on could take the operator to court . 
  if that is the case , the lord 's argument is faulty , because it would be a court of law and not the operator to make the final decision . 
  in cases where the search engine does not abide by the request for deletion , there is the potential for court action . 
  however , in cases where the search engine does abide by the request , it is difficult to see how any court action will arise . 
  in order to minimise potential costs , it is therefore likely that search engines ( particularly smaller ones ) will comply with all requests for deletion . 
   what i find curious is that the lords ( the legislature ) feels compelled to interfere with a court decision ( the judiciary ) , even though the separation of legislature and judiciary is common in most democracies . 
  the judgment has created a lot of legal uncertainty and criticism in relation to existing legislation and further legislation is now on the horizon . 
  obviously , as part of the legislature , the house of lords should be able to consider amending uncertain legislation that achieves poor outcomes and be involved considering what future legislation should look like . 
   i 'm waiting for trucidor to provide his expert opinion . 
  you 're welcome . 
   interestingly , has the daily mail yet discovered that being in the eu causes cancer ? 
  i 'm not a daily mail reader , but i must admit i do like their very punchy headlines !!, 
   i wo n't bother to open that pdf again the whole of the article and the whole of the discussion on this thread is based on that pdf and its indices ... 
  however , i agree that they look a bit like junk science . 
   but those things do n't involve crossing a border in some way . 
  international postage , calls , bank transfers and whatever do . 
  what happens inside a country is down to that country , but when its international and you 're holding it back from being cheaper and easier , that 's when its not taking advantage . 
  i really do n't see the difference . 
  in both cases the amounts that businesses charge for products and services relate fundamentally to market forces . 
  if german courier services and german banks can do things cheaper than uk courier services and uk banks , then those german courier services and banks should offer their services in the uk and take advantage of this great business opportunity . 
  the relatively higher costs that you have encoutered in the uk are n't a result of regulation . 
  its just a case of businesses charging more . 
   if we are only talking about the `` financial sanctions '' , it is possible that the city will be hardest hit . 
  but , i still do n't see the reason behind distinguishing between financial and other sanctions . 
  after all , all trade involves financial transaction . 
  openeurope was not only talking about financial sanctions , but all the sanctions agreed in the third phase of eu sanctions against russia . 
  these are heavily focused on access to financial markets however . 
   and your initial request was n't related to financial transaction , but to overall impact in the german economy . 
  i was responding to your post , in which you expressed a disagreement with openeurope 's argument . 
  i was trying to find the basis for that disagreement . 
   never , ever trust any statistics relying on mysterious `` indexes '' , especially when they 've been `` adapted '' especially for the study at hand . 
  if we ca n't rely on the mysterious index on page 3 of the brief , that places the uk in the middle when it comes to integration , then we probably also should n't rely on the mysterious index on page 6 of the brief , which places the uk at the bottom when it comes to gains in gdp per capita as a result of integration . 
   each to their own . 
  i find it amazing how some things are much more expensive in the uk , regarding foreign countries , than say , here in germany . 
  different things cost different amounts all round the eu . 
  try buying a beer in stockholm compared to salamanca . 
  or a house in amsterdam compared to athens . 
  or seeing a movie in paris compared to prague . 
  this reflects many different things , e.g. 
  salaries , taxes , other market forces and to characterise different prices as `` taking advantage of the eu '' strikes me as about as crazy as me saying that because lawyers earn more money in london than they do in lodz , poland is not taking advantage of the eu . 
  the first two phases of eu sanctions against russia ( i ) barring russia from the g8 and ( ii ) targetting specific individuals , were relatively toothless . 
  even without these sanctions , there would have been an impact on business opportunities with russia and this would impact germany ( which has more business links with russia than the uk has ) more than it impacts the uk .
