  the labour party , after dramatically losing the general election a couple of months ago , going to select a hard left leader . 
  co-ordinated efforts to give blood by poles in the uk will be viewed very sympathetically . 
  co-ordinated strike action , not so much !, 
   do you want another british government bringing its citizens to another war hosted by trump/walker/perry / rubio/bush/paul / christie/kasich/fiorina / huckabee ? 
  there are some circumstances in which the uk should go to war and there are some circumstances in which the uk should n't go to war . 
  the identity of the us president is largely irrelevant to this question . 
  do you think that a blairite labour government is more likely to go to war than a conservative government ? 
   same old blairite/nu-lab tosh . 
  the blairites won three elections . 
  does the labour party want to win elections any more ? 
   a party split is a small but realistic possibility . 
  agreed . 
  it puts the remaining blairites in a very weird position . 
  there is a chance for a realignment of british politics . 
   if he wins , it would take a major economic crisis or political scandal in the next 5 years to prevent another tory majority . 
  even if he wins this leadership contest , i can not see him fighting the 2020 general election . 
  i know that the labour party are not traditionally as good at regicide as the tories , but the experience of 2010 and 2015 will have concentrated minds sufficiently for them to know that they can not go into the 2020 election with a dud . 
   i wonder where he gets his funding from ... 
  seems like mostly crowd-funding from the british public . 
  [ you can donate here . 
  ] ( https://jeremyforlabour.nationbuilder.com/donate ) russia wo n't be funding him . 
  why would they bother when he will be a russophile for free ? 
   nah we are machines , incapable of love and passion since , yknow , we are not as loud as others . 
  unlike the oh so passionate and romantic british !, 
  we do n't think of `` crime passionel '' as a very british thing ... 
   might easily be a crime of jealousy . 
  do nordics go in for * crime passionnel * ? 
  i 've always thought there was a reason why we tend to use the french language for this type of crime ... 
  [ they sang it during the olympics come to think of it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rvzin_kfsg4 ), 
   nobody in ireland sings danny boy this always strikes me as a bit of a shame because the lyrics and tune are both quite beautiful if sung properly . 
   irish people of / r/europe , what is your personal favourite irish folk song ? 
  i 'm not irish , but i have two irish grandparents and therefore grew up with my mother singing irish folk songs on every single car journey of my childhood . 
  i like the following ( some of which are not irish but closely related ... ) : - in dublin 's fair city - it 's a long way to tipperary - loch lomond ( scottish ) - there 's a tavern in the town - my bonnie lies over the ocean ( scottish ) - danny boy - the belle of belfast city - clementine ( american ) - son of a gambolier ( english / scottish ) - green grow the rushes - the wild rover - when irish eyes are smiling - waltzing matilda ( australian ) edit - also daisy daisy ( which might by english but sounds irish !, 
   i think you speak too generally , i was an ex-labour voter and could n't stand them this time round , ended up throwing my vote to green as there was no one better . 
  if labour leaned more left they could finally consolidate the scattered left wing into an actual force , they will always lose people , going one way or the other , but they will always gain people too ultimately they will lose more than they gain . 
  there is more to be lost in the centre than to be gained at the edges . 
  the netherlands . 
  the united kingdom . 
  the united states . 
  the argentine . 
  the bahamas . 
  ( however , ukraine should be without the article . ), 
   i guess we 'll see then , i 'm sure after 10 years people will get sick of the conservatives awful policies like they always do . 
  the tories won four elections and had power for 18 years from 1979 to 1997 and only lost to blair . 
  corbyn is not going to win a uk general election . 
  most of the parliamentary labour party would find it impossible to be loyal to him . 
  the british public would put the conservatives back in power ( especially given the economy ) . 
   usually when a right-winger seems upset about someone potentially getting elected , i 'm totally okay with that . 
  [ rght wingers want corbyn to be elected leader of the labour party . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/jun/16/jeremy-corbyn-labour-leadership-conservatives-twitter ) a lot of right-wingers have joined the labour party to vote for corbyn . 
  i considered joining myself to vote for corbyn , but then decided not to because i do n't want my name ever to be associated with the labour party or to give three pounds to the labour party ( and as a lawyer i would have to be careful about fraudlently pretending that i supported the labour party ) . 
   and the world has changed since then . 
  yes , for a while the labour party stopped being looney left and won some elections . 
  now it seems like they want to go back to permanent opposition . 
   do n't you think he 's just posturing to win the leadership ( look what a good lefty i am ) and then give up some questionable positions to actually have a realistic chance of moving into 10 downing street ? 
  from looking at his speeches , corbyn strikes me as ideological rather than pragmatic . 
  he is a conviction politician ( something that we have not seen much of in the british labour party [ since the longest suicide note in history ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_longest_suicide_note_in_history ) , more than 30 years ago ) . 
  the uk tends not to elect conviction politicians and seems to prefer cameron style pragmatists , though thatcher was a notable exception . 
  i think corbyn would prefer the purity of opposition ( where he can basically say whatever he likes and have whatever policy he wants , whether it is for renationalisation of vast swathes of british industry , energy and infrastructrure , scrapping the uk 's nuclear deterrent , massive tax increases , ambivalent support for a range of despots and tyrants overseas ) to the compromise of principle that is required for government . 
  perhaps i am wrong and on being elected leader he would come out with a lot of blairite policy ( necessary for the labour party to get into downing street ) ? 
  i do n't think his supporters or the trade unions would let him . 
   the people as a whole very well could . 
  we ca n't predict the future , as we could n't he gone election . 
  considering the massive increase in green and snp support especially , whose values do have similarities to corbyn 's , such as nationalisation , better welfare , education etc , there 's no reason why this could n't go the other way . 
  one of the reasons why labour lost was because of green and snp increase in support . 
  they meant that the labour party lost votes . 
  unfortunately the labour party is fighting a war on several fronts . 
  they can lose votes to snp , pc , greens , ukip , lib dems and conservatives . 
  the conservatives are in a much easier position as they really are fighting a war on fewer fronts ( they can only really lose votes to labour , ukip and lib dems ) . 
  if labour move to the left , they become incredibly vulnerable to ukip and the conservatives . 
  the electorate as a whole are the people . 
  the electorate as a whole are not going to put jeremy into downing street . 
  if labour want jeremy and the purity of opposition , so be it . 
  the conservatives will stay in government . 
  this is the article . 
  a lot has been written about how the eurozone crisis and a single currency impacts democracy and this is one of the better discussions of it . 
  -------------------- the biggest question raised by syriza 's election victory last january was not about greece . 
  it was whether any national population that has adopted the euro can meaningfully express a democratic choice . 
  this is a test case of the euro itself . 
  if monetary union and democracy are incompatible , even the euro 's most committed friends must choose the latter . 
  fortunately , they are not incompatible . 
  but european policy is premised on the opposite view . 
  without a change in approach , it must lead to failure the list of pressures on greeks ' self-determination is uniquely long . 
  it includes , first , the extraordinary micromanagement of policy by creditors . 
  second , the shameless intervention in greek elections by european leaders who both in 2012 and in 2015 made abundantly clear they wanted greeks to re-elect the same discredited elites . 
  third , the huge efforts made to avoid any plebiscitary upset , or even support , of the eurozone 's policy programme . 
  in november 2011 , angela merkel , the german chancellor , and nicolas sarkozy , france 's then-president , bullied prime minister george papandreou out of an attempt to establish greek ownership of the second rescue loan ( and the attached conditions ) through a referendum . 
  while the eurozone failed to scare syriza off from holding a ballot this june , it was not for the lack of trying . 
  why this astonishingly prickly attitude to letting people make a choice ? 
  the answer is as obvious as it is worrying : europe 's leaders fear the people will make the wrong choice . 
  in greece , opinion polls have been remarkably consistent about two things : most greeks want to keep the euro as their currency , and most also reject the policies imposed by the creditor institutions previously known as the troika . 
  that is what the `` no '' landslide this summer meant ; and it is what mr papandreou 's referendum would also have shown had it not been aborted . 
  it is the expression of this particular preference - keep the euro , but with different policies - that the eurozone political elite has done everything it can to prevent . 
  is this justified ? 
  there are three interpretations : one disingenuous ; one charitable ; and one cynical . 
  all are deeply troubling for any democrat . 
  the disingenuous account is that the greek population voted to get more of other people 's money for free . 
  that is not something democracy gives anyone a legitimate option to choose . 
  but greece 's government has made ends meet since 2013 ; and even before that only one-tenth of the loans went to covering primary spending .
