  there 's no right or wrong . 
  i personally would choose an english parliament . 
  saying that they are wrong has about as much value as me saying scotland is wrong to have a scottish parliament . 
   i do n't believe a single english parliament is the best solution for england . 
  regional parliaments would be better tailored to regional needs . 
  a london-based parliament is just as unsuitable for liverpool or leeds as it is to glasgow or cardiff . 
  i guess this depends on the views of the english though . 
  i think it is the best solution for england . 
  if the english want an english parliament ( i do n't really mind whether it is london or york or manchester or whereever . 
  in fact , i think there are a lot of good reasons for it being in york . ), 
   i would like it to be a federal entity , no english votes for english laws , no english parliament , and certainly no status quo . 
  a yorkshire assembly , a north east assembly , a south west , etc. 
  is the best way to go about it . 
  i 'm not understanding this `` no english parliament thing '' ? 
  why would n't you like it ? 
  surely this is something for the english to decide ? 
  if the english would prefer an english parliament , why would you mind ? 
  the purpose of scottish devolution is to suit the wishes of the scottish ( quite rightly ) . 
  however , the purpose of english devolution surely should n't be to suit the wishes of the scottish too ? 
   i dunno ukip seem to be doing ok  for a party that is essentially a single-issue party , they have had a phenomenal impact on uk politics . 
  time will tell whether that is transient though ... 
  the uk is not sending anyone remotely important . 
  i kinda would prefer sending nobody at all , lithuania style though . 
  the uk general election is 7 may , so chances are we would n't be able to send someone important anyway , because liklihood is we wo n't have a government by then and brits will be wondering how we managed to go from the biggest empire ever in the world to being as ungovernable as belgium in less than 100 years ... 
   but the other regions would n't like that so much . 
  just as the way scotland should be governed is a question for the scottish , the way england should be governed is a question for the english . 
  i ca n't think why scottish people would n't like an english parliament . 
  to me this seems just as absurd as english people not wanting a scottish parliament . 
   tories get 33 % of seats + ukip with 14 % = 47 % . 
  vs labour with 34 % , greens with 5 % and snp with 5 % = 44 % . 
  and the kingmakers being the libdems with 8 % . 
  i personally would not like the uk to have a pr based voting system . 
  i am happy with fptp . 
   the best solution is multiple parliaments for the regions of england . 
  why is this the best solution ? 
  is n't this up to the english ? 
  personally i would n't want multiple parliaments for regions . 
  i 'd prefer and england parliament . 
  i do n't think your argument about it getting the most money is correct . 
  surely it would get more money by virtue of population size ? 
   seems the british navy is too strong for a pirate party . 
  lol . 
  special interest parties really struggle in the uk ... 
   i 'd have to write an essay comparing ld and labour policies to express in what sense ld policies require smaller government and are less invasive into the private sphere . 
  i agree that the ld party tends to be more liberal than the labour party . 
  ( this really should be a given though . 
  the labour party is one of the most bossy , nanny-state , invasive parties in existence . ), 
  free trade is of course liberal . 
  but you can have free trade without being in the eu as many countries in the world do . 
   as you may have guessed by the pronoun change , i 'm a lib dem candidate ( on the local level ) . 
  i know tim farron and i can assure you he neither speaks like or acts like a social democrat , nor does our party have a largely non-liberal base . 
  good luck with it !, 
  i am living in a lib/lab marginal and briefly toyed with the idea of voting lib to keep our lab . 
  but after reflection i do n't think i will as the policy on the eu is too far from mine . 
   i 'd be best placed stating that liberalism = / = libertarianism agreed - i 'm not pretending they are the same thing . 
   liberalism these days focusses on social issues , and talks about greater opportunity in the place of the forced organisation of society . 
  the gap is and always has been over the economy , which divides lib dem members from mildly centre-right to mildly centre-left . 
  consensus has always been firm over individual freedoms , as well as intergenerational justice ( hence stronger economy , fairer society ) . 
  the centre position on the economy is a tactic mixed in with a push for drug deregulation , increased free trade ( eg . 
  ttip , membership of eu ) , and a focus on education . 
  on select issues such as green policy , the nhs , and mental health , the lib dems are promising more than both . 
  of these things , the only one which is recogniseably liberal is the drug liberalisation ( and that is a policy i agree with ) . 
  [ i took a look at the paper but found it disappointingly short on detail as to its methodology . 
  ] ( https://www.bertelsmann-stiftung.de/fileadmin/files/bst/publikationen/grauepublikationen/policy-brief-brexit-en_nw_05_2015.pdf ) it really is n't clear where it gets the 0.6 % figure from . 
  it mentions that in the event of a swiss-style trade agreement there would be barriers to trade , but does not say what they would be . 
   i get the impression that you 're taking this from the viewpoint of being a conservative or labour yourself i will vote ukip in this election but in terms of political philosophy consider myself on the libertarian side of things . 
   considering that you 've misspelled the names of lib dem figures apologies !, 
  i am very careless !, 
   remaining consistently liberal in what respects is the current libdem party more liberal than the other parties ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  there is nothing in their campaign that seems to be focussing on liberalism . 
  they seem instead to be focussing on being equidistant between labour and the conservatives . 
   social democrats do n't really exist in the liberal democrats - it 's considered to be social liberal . 
  prior to the 2010 general election , a majority of the libdems activist base were of the social democrat persuasion rather than the liberal persuasion ( which is one of the main reasons why their support fell dramatically , within a few short weeks of being in government ) . 
   classical liberals tend to form the core of the leadership , so i 'd say you 're wrong there too . 
  there are some on the classical liberal side of things ( prominently david laws and perhaps also danny alexander ) but i 'd say even in the leadership the social democrats tend to dominate ( vince cable , chris hugne , tim fallon etc ) . 
   i think you 're wrong because the same argument could be applied to suggest that labour ( 1945 ) is not the same as labour ( 1997 ) because one is socialist and the other is social democratic . 
  i agree , there has been gradual shifts in the labour party , notably the hard left 1980s period and the new labour movement in the 90s . 
  however , my view is that there is more continuity of identity in the labour party than there has between the liberal party of old and the current lib dem party . 
   it 's visibly the same party , with the same members , voter base and continuity of representatives . 
  given that their voting base , membership and representatives are going to be a tiny rump in just under two weeks , it is hard to comment on continuity of these things . 
   ideology has changed as gradually as it has for any other party , so it feels like you 're picking at straws . 
  ideology has changed quite a bit for the labour party , far less so for the conservative party , but changes in the lib dem party over the same period have been far more dramatic , with their decline and rise in electoral success being far more dramatic , their long long periods out of power and their merger with the social democrats . 
  legal equivalence is neither here nor there when it comes to identity . 
  political positions and political philosphy are what count . 
  i 'm not saying that the lib dems formed from nothing . 
  they formed from a merger between the liberals and the social democrats in the 1980s . 
  the current legacy party ( particularly in the grass roots ) is dominated by social democrat thinking rather than classical liberal thinking . 
  it is also worth looking at the history of the liberal party prior to the merger . 
  from the 19th century onwards there has been a steady drift of classical liberals out of the liberal party and into the conservative party . 
   even then minority voters , even if in very significative percentages of the vote , get no representation whatsoever . 
  again , deeply , deeply unfair . 
  this is n't exactly how we think about it . 
  your mp is your representative in westminster , however you vote . 
   ukip only would get three seats ? 
  so much noise in the media and in this forum and they are pretty much irrelevant ? 
  relevance does not only lie in number of seats . 
  even if ukip end up with a small amount of seats , to the extent that they get 10-15 % of the vote ( currently where they are polling ) then they will significantly impact the result in labour/conservative marginals , which is where the election will be won and lost . 
  also , the fact of ukip significantly impacts the entire political debate in the uk and the policy options of the other parties . 
  from a political perspective the other parties need to consider how to win over ukip voters or at least stop their current voters to ukip .
