  the idea that you could put germany and greece in the same currency with no system of fiscal transfers was always going to end in disaster . 
  the desire for strong workers rights and nationalised industries a la france is a minority position in the uk . 
  no political party in the uk really has this agenda . 
  my claim was that you can be eusceptic and rational . 
  if you do n't believe this it strikes me that you have a profound lack of imagination or experience of the world . 
  so are you . 
  where 's your evidence for eusceptics being irrational ? 
  british people already have two levels of appeal court to go through , which is in my view sufficient . 
  i 'm happy for courts to take controversial decisions and find against the government , but the legislature should have the power to change the law if they disagree with a court 's decision . 
  after the echr 's judgment on votes for prisoners , this seems no longer possible . 
  the uk should leave the jurisdiction of the echr to remain sovereign . 
  british people will have the right to appeal in the uk courts . 
  as for your quotation - i am not sure in what way it is relevant . 
  it will also come as a surprise to some people that there are countries outside of europe in which there are strong rights traditions . 
  dude - he is just explaining that in almost all political systems there are some wealth transfers . 
  look at the massive human tragedy that is the unemployment caused by the eurozone . 
  that is all the reasoning needed . 
  equally you ca n't say it is irrational if you do n't know the underlying reasoning . 
  not really . 
  you might believe the eu to be harmful , but not states in general , thus not an anarchist . 
  this would be a rational position . 
  no - wanting to leave the eu does not make you an anarchist . 
  this should be very obvious . 
   and how relevant is throwing around the word `` nationalist '' , when there are such groups as english scots for yes , scots asians for yes and europeans for yes . 
  while those groups do exist , by far the loudest group in the campaign on the yes side was the scottish national party , who obviously do n't think that the word `` nationalist '' is an insult . 
  personally i do n't think the word `` nationalist '' is a particularly helpful word because it has several meanings ... 
  actually , it does make sense to love europe but be against the eu . 
  for example , if you believed that the eu harmed europe , it would make sense . 
  this is rational . 
  one of the reasons why `` nationalist '' got thrown at yes campaigners was because the dominant party in the yes campaign was the scottish nationalist party ... 
  is europhile or euphile demonising ? 
  if there is a better way to express , in one word , being pro membership of the eu , then i would happily use it . 
  ultimately membership of the eu is an adversarial matter though . 
  either you are supportive or membership or you are n't . 
  when the referendum comes there will just be two options on the page - stay or leave . 
  i 'll be voting for independence . 
  the term eusceptic is preferable to eurosceptic . 
  i know it does n't trip off the tongue , but it is more accurate . 
  but it is possible to love europe ( like nigel farage ) but be anti the eu ( like nigel farage ) . 
  it is important that you understand this . 
  switzerland is european - so is russia . 
  they 're neither of them in the eu . 
  it makes no sense to conflate a historical , cultural and geographical reality - that is europe - with the political reality - that is the eu . 
  they really are n't the same thing . 
  they 're really not . 
  the eu is not the european state . 
  nigel is correct to point this out . 
  europe will continue long after the eu has ceased !, 
   nigel farage championing europe . 
  well , that 's odd . 
  it 's actually not at all odd . 
  he is just making it clear to the hard of learning that europe and the eu really are n't the same thing . 
  it is somewhat ironic that mr farage seems to have become the first truly european politician . 
  certainly , out of meps i would expect him to be the most well-known outside his country of origin . 
   the ecb has pledged to buy repackaged debt , which they did n't do before . 
  no matter how tiny the risk of that debt , they 're now taking over more risk from the banks than they did before . 
  strictly speaking , the ecb has bought repackaged debt for a number of years : starting in 2009 the ecb has had a covered bond purchase programme in place , which i think it has used on two occasions . 
  in terms of risk profile there is n't really a difference between covered bonds and asset-backed bonds : both are financing techniques used to repackage debt . 
  however , relative to cash all collateral placed with the ecb has some risk , including non-packaged fixed-interest loans . 
  it is too early to see if the policy of promoting asset-backed debt will work . 
  [ however , in my view the arguments put forward by the bank of england and the ecb in their joint policy paper , that encouraging securitisation in europe will benefit the real economy , were convincing and in particular could help european smes . 
  ] ( http://www.bankofengland.co.uk/publications/documents/news/2014/paper300514.pdf )  but it wo n't work , anyway . 
  the banks are n't lending money out because there 's no demand for credit , and there 's no demand for credit because there 's no consumer demand to support economic growth ( plenty of firms are sitting on a war chest of money too , and they 're not seeing a good opportunity to use it ) . 
  in my experience there is much more demand for credit than supply at the moment in the eurozone , though i agree that consumer demand is lower than it should be . 
   the only way to grow the economy is to put money into the hands of citizens directly . 
  the ecb has to give out a citizens ' dividend , giving a sum of money directly into the hands of every eurozone citizen . 
  while this is an interesting idea , i 'm not sure if printing money and giving it to citizens directly is really a credible one and i am not aware of any central bank ever doing this . 
  whether or not it makes sense economically , it also wo n't work legally ( as the ecb has no power to do this ) and it also wo n't work politically ( as the eurozone member states would never agree to changing the ecb 's mandate to give it this power . 
  in my mind the best way to get money in the hands of the citizen is to encourage employment and reduce the tax-burden . 
  lots of governments seem to be struggling with these things . 
   - the same goes for other central banks i 'd say this is not relevant to other central banks . 
  this problem is specifically a eurozone problem . 
  central banks in non-eurozone economies like australia , us , sweden , uk , switzerland , singapore etc already have different monetary policy tools available to them which they have used . 
  the economies of those countries are also growing . 
   ecb buying policy to include fishy repackaged banking debt the ecb 's policy on purchases of asset-backed debt extends only to `` simple and transparent '' securities : i.e. 
  securitisations of loans to small and medium-sized corporations and residential mortgage backed securitisations . 
  these products are not very risky and even during the depths of the financial crisis the default rate of these bonds in europe was extremely low . 
  complex repackaged re-securitisations are outside the ecb 's programme . 
   some minor annoyance with the health care insurance ( they may have to get a private one if they plan to stay long term in a country ) and they would have to register as residents if they plan to live in other country ( only like a third of the brits at spain bothers to register ) . 
  yes - this kind of thing might be somewhat annoying - but anyone who has lived abroad really needs to get used to the minor annoyances of living abroad ... 
   do n't they care about all the british people living in europe ? 
  what is going to happen to british people living in europe after a brexit ? 
  they will stay there . 
  outstanding trolling of the eu by farage here !, 
  * complimenti * !, 
  farage declares love for europe in advert for bookmakers farage `` swings for europe '' in an ad which will draw publicity to ukip 's party conference at a crucial time for the uk 's relationship with the eu . 
  [ paddy power ] nigel farage has declared he `` loves europe '' in an advert for an irish bookmakers , released on the opening day of the uk independence party 's conference in doncaster . 
  in the tongue-in-cheek video for paddy power , farage backs team europe , who will take on the usa in the 2014 ryder cup tomorrow ( 26 september ) . 
  `` i love europe , '' the eurosceptic says , `` no i really do , the wine , the food , the excellent transport systems , the clogs ... and the greatest golfers in the world . '' after boasting team europe will fight the usa `` in the bunkers '' , he continues in the parody party political broadcast , `` swing for europe , your continent needs you ! '' the publicity stunt is a deft move by farage and plays on his anti-politician image . 
  he tells usa supporters worried about tiger woods not playing , `` cry me a river america -- preferably a great european river like the rhine or the ouse . '' his call for `` you , me , everybody to get behind team europe '' is already drawing significant attention on social media . 
  euractiv has asked farage if he was paid for the promo and if so , whether the money will go to him personally or the party . 
  members of the public have asked the same on twitter . 
  at time of this article 's publication , there has been no response . 
  commentators have speculated that the eurosceptic party , which leads the europe of freedom and direct democracy group in the european parliament , would struggle to maintain the momentum it gained by being the successful british party in may 's european elections . 
  without the european elections , they argued , ukip would not be able to maintain the same publicity or popularity it could during the european elections in the run-up to next may 's general election in the uk . 
  but the high profile surprise defection of conservative mp douglas carswell to ukip , and the by-election it has caused in clacton , essex meant that farage has kept the party in the headlines , and uk prime minsiter david cameron under pressure to be tougher with the eu . 
  the advert will draw attention to today 's ukip conference at doncaster racecourse ( 25 september ) . 
  it is set to be their biggest ever , according to ukip , and runs until 27 september . 
  it comes after the labour party 's conference in manchester earlier this week , which was dominated by talk of uk constitutional reform after scotland 's `` no '' vote to independence . 
  the conferences are seen as the time for britain 's political leaders to set out their agenda for the 2015 elections .
