  in this time what has happened to the italian population ? 
  believe me , people want to be in the uk : six million people ca n't be wrong . 
  one of the reasons why there is a housing shortage in the uk is because the uk has so successfully attracted immigrants . 
  [ if you 're interested in some of the numbers , i suggest you look at this article . 
  ] ( http://marconiada.blog.ilsole24ore.com/2014/12/29/la-parte-migliore-ditalia-sta-emigrando-in-massa-a-londra/ )  there will be no private schooling for them , nor getting out from neighbourhoods where living on benefits , unemployment , drugs and crime are everyday life and an inescapable fate , not an occurrence . 
  as for unemployment , drugs and crime , all of these are falling in the uk . 
  the uk has very low unemployment . 
  they should come and speak to me . 
  i did n't go to a private school and i am from a very poor family . 
  nothing is inescapable . 
   this is understandable , although you have to remind that the uk itself is not perfect . 
  i for one am still waiting for the day brussels tightens the noose ( figuratively speaking ) around the guys in the city that partially caused the crisis of the past few years . 
  the uk will never do it by itself : there is too much of an internal lobby to make it happen . 
  what exactly are you wanting to happen here ? 
  people to be convicted for things that were n't crimes when they did them ?!, 
  i think we both know what the lawyers ' response to this would be ... 
  separately , while irresponsible behaviour was partially a cause of the financial crisis , ultimately risky lending is not illegal . 
  it sounds like you are blaming the people who created the regulatory structure ( which is the fault of legislatures ) rather than the people who operated within it . 
  as i am sure you know , that entire regulatory structure has now been completely rewritten , subsequent to the financial crisis . 
  also , part of the crisis would have occurred anyway . 
  the sovereign debt aspect to the crisis is not the fault of the city or even financial institutions . 
  this was a flaw inherent in the structure of the eurozone , and once again that is fault of politicians . 
  i ca n't think of a single thing that you actually want brussels to do here ... 
   it is pertinent because you said that the uk does not have a concern of not trusting its own democratic process to redistribute money efficiently . 
  i think it actually should . 
  you have n't demostarated that the uk does not distrbute money efficiently . 
   uk farmers , for example , protected by eu law ( even too much if you ask me , but that 's the way it is ) would be left to rot by the uk , who has no interest in investing in agriculture . 
  if uk farmers can not compete , then the uk taxpayer should not subsidise them . 
  subsidising inefficient business and industries is a mistake . 
   most countries in the eu have more solid and sustainable welfare systems , and one can only presume that with time , with an eu harmonization of these systems , uk might actually have the chance to lower those inequalities . 
  the uk has an incredibly large amount of welfare , which partially explains why there are camps in calais rather than dover . 
  i assume you are not trying to get rid of all inequality entirely , north korea style ? 
  some inequality is necessary for capitalism . 
  there is no such thing as the correct amount of equality : the decision over the amount that a state should tolerate is for the democratic process . 
  however , the idea that the eu should harmonise these systems is of course extremely harmful . 
  taxation should remain the prerogative of the state . 
   however , both income inequality and farming do not concern you directly : you work in the financial sector , thus you would probably profit in the short term from a brexit . 
  nevertheless , your sector and your perception should not the only uk interest to be kept in mind . 
  i am thinking of the interest of the nation generally . 
   if the eu could be good for your inequality like it keeps alive your farmers and farming sector , maybe it 's worth a shot . 
  question : if you really think that inequality in the uk is so terrible , why are there hundreds of thousands of italians moving to the uk each year ? 
  answer : it is not so terrrible ,, 
   and about democracy : well , we have a tradition with weak and incompetent leaders . 
  it is not that hard to turn to europe to compensate for their flaws , nor is democracy a perfect system in the first place . 
  for me it more and more equals delayed and incomplete - or even incorrect - decision making , thus a few more technocratic elements among those that make the law ( whether eu law or national law ) is welcomed by me . 
  this is what ultimately worries me . 
  scratch a europhile , find that beneath the surface they prefer technocracy to democracy ...  maybe a bit hard to understand from the perspective of an englishman - as the house of commons seems to count quite a few strong and competent leaders - but over here it is very different . 
  the cynicism among voters which i get confronted with each and every day has in a few generations time the potential to kill democracy . 
  people are just fed up with how the system works , and i 've met some that openly long for a far more autocratic system just to get rid of all the fuss . 
  i do n't know whether it is because of our electoral system or the adversarial westminster parliamentary system , or the uk 's weird constitution , but we certainly end up with an interesting house of commons with full and frank and vigous debates , which in my mind leads to better governance . 
  why would we remove power from there and put it somewhere else , somewhere further away and with less colour and life and personality ? 
  to me this just can not be sensible . 
   it was tongue-in-cheek . 
  but seriously , it originates in 30 years old negociations when the cap was the main eu expenditure and when the uk was significantly poorer . 
  scrap the cap and we can scrap the rebate . 
   you do n't ? that 's funny , i thought you had one of the worse inequality indexes in europe ... europe is n't this magical place where no country can have the worst inequality index . 
  by definition , if we are comparing ineqality indices , one of them has to be the worst . 
  this has no bearing whatsoever on whether or not it is at the correct level . 
  it is interesting that one of your reasons for trusting the eu , as a sarda , is that you do n't trust your own democratic structures to distribute money effectively . 
  in the uk we do n't have this concern . 
  the interesting development in uk politics over the last 24 hours is that corbyn , the new labour leader , has refused to rule out campaigning for `` out '' . 
   people in milan might be net contributors . 
  i can guarantee you that in the south we know pretty well who gave us money , and it 's certainly not italy . 
  as a sardinian , i know very well italy would have left us to rot long ago ... italy as a whole is a net contributor . 
  milan could give the same amount of money to sardinia and the rest of the south that it currently gives to the eu and still have money left over . 
  i do n't believe that the milanese , who are happy to give money to people all over the rest of the eu , would draw the line at the sards . 
  also , i find it astonishing that you have so little confidence in the italian democratic process that you do n't trust the italian people to put in place a fiscal transfer mechanism within italy . 
   now , about your rebate ... 
  the uk is a net contributor and the rebate is linked to the uk 's contributions . 
   if eu means we can share burdens , get some funds and have some duties in return , we 'll be pro-eu . 
  italy does n't get funds from the eu . 
  italy is a net contributor . 
  italy 's economy has also been devastated since the introduction of the euro . 
  if after that you still believe in the eu , that strikes me as some hard core idealism . 
   that one is pretty clear cut . 
  it affects the single digital market so subsidiarity makes it a eu-level matter . 
  if the rules of the single digital market require that a nation state can not put in place net neutrality rules ( if that 's what its parliament wants ) then the rules of the single digital market are too granular . 
   i can guarantee you that that 's exactly what is making people more europhile . 
  the refugee crisis made it quite clear that no single country can face today 's challenges alone . 
  i guess we just have to wait until the next time italians vote to find out how euphile they are . 
  i 'm seeing more and more anger from italians about the eu ... 
   an example is e.g. 
  net neutrality . 
  the netherlands finds itself alone on the subject together with germany . 
  i can look up a few more later today when i got a bit more time on my hands . 
  in each case : national net neutrality will have to give way to the eu its interpretation of it - if even existing . 
  why on earth is the eu even getting involved in this kind of stuff ?!, 
  surely this kind of thing should be for the nation state to decide . 
  i find it odd that you think that the dutch state should no longer be able to make a decision about this via the dutch democratic process . 
  this is terrible shame for dutch democracy . 
   eucratic elites ? 
  ? these are parliaments directly and democratically elected in european countries . 
  funny how they 're eucratic elites when they say pro-eu stuff , and they are `` the will of the people '' when they express anti-eu ideas . 
  that 's disingenuous at best . 
  i 'd actually be interested in reading the actual document that the presidents of these parliaments signed and understanding the parliamentary procedure prior to this . 
  did the mps of these parliaments have a vote on it ? 
   a referendum in france and anywhere else should be called , and only the results will show the will of the people . 
  i do n't see why the eu should be dismantled before asking to the people . 
  or a referendum is only democratic when it 's called by a country who wants out for its own motives no , referendums are welcome and democratic in and of themselves . 
  i 'm making the point that the reality is that the french public are just not going to vote for an end to france .
