  the uk should not be giving asylum to people that are already in safe countries , that have crossed multiple other countries . 
  those people are not in the most serious danger . 
  encouraging people to make dangerous journeys causes more deaths , gives money to people smugglers and causes massive inconvenience to the transit countries . 
  instead the uk should focus on giving aid to the refugee camps in the vicinity of syria , in conjunction with the unhcr and other agencies and take any refugees that the uk gives asylum to directly from those camps , by plane to the uk . 
  we should also encourage hungary to do exactly the same thing as we are doing : it is the most practical thing to do . 
   if it continues with this tempo , europe finally will learn the balkan geography and countries  i must admit i know loads more about balkan geography now than i did a week ago ... 
  i 'm curious to know what strategy serbia will take . 
  yesterday and today they have been bussing migrants and refugees towards croatia . 
  if croatia manages to close the border and the hungarian fence stays up , does serbia just direct the buses to romania ? 
  bosnia ? 
  at what stage do they close their own border with macedonia ? 
  you make no sense . 
  you criticise democracy . 
  you praise hungary . 
  but hungary is a democracy . 
  your argument is internally inconsistent . 
  i do n't think any eu official ( with authority ) said anything quite so clear . 
   abolishing schengen will create more calais-like situations , like the one currently created by the closed border between serbia and hungary . 
  if france protects its borders the calais situation moves from calais to somewhere else . 
   but that was quite a big point before the scottish referendum as well ? 
  if i recall right , the spanish government threatened to block scottish eu accession in case of an unilateral split from britain . 
  scotland 's argument was that they did n't need to accede because they were already in the eu . 
  personally i do trust people with direct democracy . 
  in any case in my mind changing a currency is a massive constitutional change rather than a mere hot-button political issue ( as it removes independent monetary policy and necessitates further fiscal , economic and policital changes ) . 
  in the case of the euro , this constitutional change is a permanent one . 
   what we do n't have is living space . 
  hmmm . 
  germans talking about not having living space ... / s, 
   world news focus on croatia , ca n't wait for fascist/nazi accusations . 
  currently british media is portraying croatia as the good guys , taking about how croatian policemen have welcomed refugees and been helpful etc. 
  this has been contrasted with the hungarian approach . 
  uk media will likely wait until tomorrow before calling you guys fascists . 
   i think the demise of schengen is ridiculously misreported and overhyped . 
  when you have mainstream senior politicians in both the french socialists and republicains openly challenging schengen , then you know that it is on the rocks . 
  not saying that it wo n't survive , but that it is currently under threat . 
   btw the illegal migrants who were caught at the hungarian-croatian border told the police that the croatian police led them to hungary . 
  why did n't the croatian police lead them to slovenia ? 
   i 'd like some of that please ... 
  if i recall a year or so ago ( during a previous episode of the eurozone crisis ... ) telling you that you were wasted in your current role and that you should stand for elected office and you mentioned that your mother had reached the same conclusion . 
  what is stopping you !, 
  political power ultimately must derive from the ballot box !, 
  it is time for you to get voted in !, 
   admit it : you are way more educated and rational than most . 
  sadly , most voters are the exact opposite of you !, 
  you are very kind , but personally i have a lot of confidence in the voter ... 
  i would add to this that the uk has very low unemployment and currently has rapidly rising wages and zero inflation and and relatively good economic growth for a number of years , so perhaps the uk is better able to give money overseas compared to other countries which have had less fortunate recent years . 
  i can understand why it is not appropriate right now for a greece or a portugal to be giving 0.7 % of gnp on overseas aid . 
   they wanted to massively reduce foreign aid by something like 75 % this is true , but i think they specifically said that foreign aid should be focused on this kind of crisis . 
   ukip did pretty well too , i do n't think aid is at all a winning policy . 
  while both labour & the conservatives support the idea it 's not going to be a huge voting issue however . 
  ukip 's policy on aid was i think that it should be focused on tsunami relief / refugee crises etc ( rather than generically going to poor countries ) . 
   try and tell to voters `` we are increasing aid '' . 
  uk parliament just passed a law enshrining 0.7 % aid into our budget . 
  we just had an election in which parties committed to aid did well . 
  the question of overseas aid has been a significant political issue in the uk . 
  personally i am extremely supportive of aid in the right circumstances and in particular for things like refugee camps , natural disaster relief , fighting ebola etc. 
  i know that there can be problems with aid where it is n't properly audited , but getting it to the camps of refugees around syria in conjunction with the unhcr seems like something that most of the electorate can get their heads round ... 
  many thanks for the interesting summary . 
   he concludes that the most desperate are the ones that avoid europe and inhabit refugee camps in lebanon , turkey etc. 
  and they are the ones that are suffering the most due to cuts in aid . 
  this is they key thing . 
  why is aid here being cut ? 
   no shit , teargars definitely wo n't do any good to that baby , so how about staying away from rioting people in the first place ? 
  i 'm just trying to think about what i would do if i were syrian and was on the serbian/hungarian border with my baby . 
  i kind of think that given that serbia is providing buses to croatia , i would get myself and my baby on one of those buses ( i 'm sure most people are doing that ) . 
  i would n't be chancing it at a place where there were water cannons , tear gas , rocks being thrown ... 
  but i suppose ultimately it is very difficult to really understand what is going on here in terms of people 's decisions . 
   that is under question mark . 
  the eu commission has n't brought the case of sweden to ecj . 
  if it would , i believe it would judge against sweden and there would be consequences on breach of the accession treaty . 
  i disagree with your conclusion here , it is hard to see exactly what specific thing sweden has breached . 
  i accept that this is a legal grey area . 
  in my jurisdiction where there is a legal grey area , the courts almost always find in favour of defendants . 
   the problem is that a single market ca n't work without single currency . 
  the reason why the maastrict treaty envisioned both the single market and the currency was to ensure that the market truly would be leveled and states could n't anymore support their own industries with competitive devaluations . 
  finland for example already has suffered from sweden 's decision on not joining the euro , during the financial crisis the swedish kruna devalued sharply against the euro making the swedish pulp & paper mills more profitable than the finnish ones thus leading the pulp & paper companies closing their units in finland and not in sweden . 
  if both sweden and finland would be using euro , the companies would have had to close units based on real cost factors , on where it is more efficient to produce pulp & paper . 
  i do n't agree that you ca n't have a market without a common currency . 
  currency fluctuations in the long run reflect the underlying strength of an economy and a central bank can only competitively devalue for a while . 
   if part of the eu members do n't have any intent on joining the single currency , then it is absolutely necessary for the eu commission to start proceedings against these countries . 
  if even after proceedings these countries do n't want to join the single currency , the eu should seriously start to work the union on two different organizations , one that is dedicated on basic free trade , and a one that compromises euro countries that want more closer union and who want to part take to the single market . 
  i kind of agree with you here . 
  this would make it easy for the uk to get out of the `` ever closer union '' and just focus on trade . 
  just to clarify , i am not arguing that we should get rid of elections . 
  i trust people to make decisions , both in relation to elections and in relation to referendums . 
  however , if you think people should n't vote in referendums that relate to single technical issues , then this is also an argument for not giving people votes at all , because all votes concern technical issues . 
  if you take the view that it is appropriate to give people votes on a collection of bundled up technical issues , but not a single technical issue , then it is worth explaining why . 
  this is not self-evident . 
  referendums work even better for single issues than they do for a swathe of issues . 
  if you think that referendums are acceptable for a swathe of issues but not for single issues , you need to explain why . 
  as it happens i am a lawyer and i do know how the law works :-) i am aware that sweden has a de jure obligation to join the euro . 
  however , having a de jure obligation does not mean that it is enforceable , particularly as the de jure obligation has no deadline and thus it is impossible to prove a breach . 
  irrespective of the legal question , there is also a political question and a democratic question and an economic question . 
  and the answer to each of these is that sweden should not join the euro . 
  this is why the commission has refrained from legal proceedings . 
  the business of government is technical and complicated . 
  in general elections , political parties set out their policies on technical and complicated matters . 
  if we are capable of choosing which governments we want and therefore which policies we want in relation to those technical and complicated matters , we are also capable of making decisions about those matters . 
  we in the uk have just recently witnessed a referendum in relation to scottish independence , which relates to a huge number of technical and complicated questions . 
  i do n't know anyone who thinks that the scottish people were not capable of making this decision by way of referendum .
