  i agree this is uncertain , but ultimately the uk has more to gain from increased trade with the parts of the world that are in relative growth ( asia , africa and south america ) than the parts of the world that are in relative decline ( eu ) . 
   but the key is to look a century or two in the past . 
  you know , when we pretty much turned our backs on the modernity sweeping europe . 
  and also look forward to the next century , which will be a global one . 
  an inwards lookling eu based customs union is in my mind a thing of the past . 
  an outwards facing uk , ready to embace the rest of the world is the new modernity . 
   no , far less , the more ukip meps are caught acting like children on the floor of the ep the more disaffected the moderate voter becomes . 
  i 'm not sure if you follow the uk press , but the day after cameron voted against juncker in the ec , the times , the telegraph , the guardian , the independent and the financial times all ran articles saying that a brexit is more likely . 
  that 's every broadsheet across the political spectrum . 
   if you think the average ukip voter is so politically aloof that they cast their ep vote as part of a shrewd political power play to shift priorities within the uk government , i would argue that you are incorrect . 
  they voted ukip because there are too many foreigners . 
  immigration and eu membership are related issues . 
  even those voters whose primary concern is immigration ( and voted ukip in the eu elections for that reason ) recognise that this changes the positions of labour , lib dems and conservatives . 
   diplomatically ... let 's not pretend your choices are n't either usa or the eu . 
  i do n't think history has finished and we do n't know where the future world powers will be . 
  india has the potential to be a great power . 
  personally i think the uk needs to align itself to as much of the free , liberal and democratic world as possible and i hope india joins that world . 
  personally i do n't think it makes sense for the uk to choose either the usa or the eu , when it can choose both . 
   there is a very good reason usa wants you guys inside the eu yes , this is the interest of the usa . 
  but , personally , i believe the uk should do what the uk 's intests are , not the usa 's interests . 
  the uk 's interests are outside the eu . 
   by itself the uk is not that juicy as a trade partner . 
  i do n't really believe this . 
  switzerland has more free trade agreements in place than the eu does . 
  even iceland ( a volcanic island miles from anywhere with a small population ) has a free trade agreement with china . 
  the uk will continue to be a great trading partner . 
  separately , i always find it strange when spaniards are so proeu when they look at where their country currently is , mass emigration , with the uk being the most popular destination . 
  despite all this uncertainty about uk 's position in the eu , the jobs in the uk keep increasing and so does foreign direct investment . 
   by insinuating that they can accomplish their task from within the ep ( by running for the ep at all ) , they are deceiving their voters . 
  they are not deceiving their voters . 
  they are not pretending to voters that they will achieve their task from within the ep . 
  however , by winning the eu elections in the uk , they have effectively put huge pressure on the westminster parties and made a brexit more likely . 
  one of the main reasons why labour , conservative and lib dems were all forced to oppose juncker was because ukip won the eu election in the uk . 
  we 're now seeing huge pressure on lib dems and labour to change their positions on a referendum . 
  voting ukip in the eu elections was rational : it made the acheivement of a political objective more likely . 
  this is democracy . 
  edit after your edit :  you do n't campaign primarily on a single issue for an office where you have no authority to force the issue . 
  you do if you 're ukip and that is what your voters want you to do . 
   just mindlessly wasting money , they are not mindlessly wasting money . 
  they are doing what their voters want them to do . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
   a uk outside of the eu is switzerland ( which is a very nice thing to be , do n't get me wrong ) , and i would n't say la suisse is precisely ` focused ' on the rest of the world . 
  i agree that switzerland is a good thing and there are also people in the uk ( and in the eusceptic movement ) that do want the uk to become a `` britzerland '' and enter a new period of '' [ splendid isolation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/splendid_isolation ) '' . 
  ukip argue for swiss-style localism and direct democracy for example . 
  however , for various reasons the uk wo n't be a britzerland . 
  the uk is too big ecomonically , politically , diplomatically , militarily and culturally to be `` isolated '' . 
  the majority view within eusceptic circles is that [ britain outside the eu will be more open to the rest of the world ] ( http://www.iea.org.uk/publications/research/the-iea-brexit-prize-a-blueprint-for-britain-openness-not-isolation ) and this is certainly my own view . 
   but they will take the juicy mp salaries from the oppressor they get their salaries from taxes paid by eu taxpayers , which include eusceptics . 
  they are just as entitled to the salaries as euphile meps are . 
  the crucial thing here is that they are going to force [ the labour party to change its current policy of being opposed to an eu referendum in the next parliament ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/07/02/uk-eu-britain-unite-idukkbn0f702g20140702 ) . 
  unite believe that labour 's current policy has meant that too many labour voters have moved to ukip and that this might mean that the labour party will lose the general election . 
  if the labour party do match the conservative party 's eu referendum pledge , then i might vote for them . 
  there is a belief that a brexit will be more likely if the labour party win the next general election ( because the conservatives will ditch cameron and perhaps put in place a real eusceptic and campaign for a withdrawal ) . 
  edit - spelling !, 
   turning their backs on europe . 
  when and if the uk pulls out of the eu , it wo n't be turning its back on europe . 
  it will just be rebalancing its focus on the rest of the world . 
   i think it 's much worse for liberalism to violate the principles that religions are private matters and that all citizens are equal before the law in the same territory . 
  in the uk , we do n't really have a principle that religion is a private matter . 
  the head of the state is also the head of the church of england . 
  we do have the principle that all citizens are equal before the law in the uk . 
  the uk courts recogise the decisons of abritration tribunals in certain circumstances and sharia courts ( as i understand it ) are simply just another type of arbitration tribunal . 
  in this way , muslims are treated in no different way from arbitration tribunals set up by other interested groups ( e.g. 
  christians , or atheists , sports professionals , trade unions and so forth ) . 
  in my mind this is supremely liberal : allowing consenting individuals to make arrangements that suit them best with the state only interfering where necessary . 
  however , if you have a precise example of citizens in the uk not being equal before the law , i would be interested in seeing it . 
  you and i have different understandings of the word `` hooligan '' . 
   i do n't think sharia courts to violate equality before the law for citizens on the same territory are better . 
  i 'm not sure exactly what you mean by this . 
   this shows that cameron seems to be more interested to gain back eurosceptical voters from ukip than in keeping britain in the eu . 
  correct . 
  the conservative party has probably been the most successful political party ever in western europe . 
  it has basically been in power in the uk for much of the last 250 years . 
  for cameron the survival of the conservative party is much more important than keeping britain in the eu . 
  i used to be a conservative voter , but currently i am voting ukip until the conservative party becomes more eusceptic . 
  this is how democracy is meant to work :-), 
  i do n't like the niqab either , but law should not be about our own likes . 
  some women choose to wear the niqab . 
  it should n't be the law that is required to intervene . 
  education is how the state should respond . 
  when i go into a bank , i wear what is required by the bank . 
  i 'm not aware of anyone wanting to wear ski masks in banks . 
  there is obviously a difference between private property and public spaces . 
  as for thongs , there is obviously a difference between public decency offences , which have a sexually aggressive nature , and wearing a niqab . 
  this is one of the reasons why i am an eusceptic . 
  in mind it is completely obvious that if people want to wear niqabs in public we should n't get the police / criminal justice system involved . 
  it astonishes me that some people think that there are factors that are more important than this basic liberty . 
  i do n't think the british conception of liberty fits well the rights culture of most of continental europe . 
  in my mind if you think that the government can tell individuals what not to wear , then you do n't hold freedom of expression as an important thing . 
  it seems that most people on r/europe think that it is appropriate for the state to tell individuals what not to wear . 
  dude , the case you cited as a reason for not wearing veils did n't make sense as in that case the criminal got caught and has now been tried . 
  not to the french , apparently . 
  basic liberty . 
  people should be able to go about their daily business without interference from the government . 
  this is the foundation of a liberal society . 
  it turns out that a lot of people do n't really support freedom of expression . 
  look at the face veil threads ... 
  i voted for ukip . 
  they are there to represent people that do n't want to be in the eu . 
  many on this side of the atlantic also think that liberty is important .
