   exactly . 
  and that `` secure '' will be a mess of a balancing act , domestically and internationally . 
  i expect that this will be very easy to fix as the uk and the eu have aligned interests here . 
  i do n't see it being at all difficult . 
   but eu nationals in the uk ? 
  [ as mentioned , this is in the uk government 's white paper . ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/the-united-kingdoms-exit-from-and-new-partnership-with-the-european-union-white-paper/the-united-kingdoms-exit-from-and-new-partnership-with-the-european-union--2#securing-rights-for-eu-nationals-in-the-uk-and-uk-nationals-in-the-eu ) . 
  the uk government wants to secure the status of eu citizens who are already living in the uk , and that of uk nationals in other member states , as early as it can . 
   but worryingly , there has been little to no mention of it from the government . 
  this is simply not true . 
  i urge you to read the government 's white paper and the various statements by both the uk government and the irish government on this . 
  can people not downvote this post ? 
  it is completely against the spirit of this sub . 
  many thanks . 
   it is certainly the case that both the financial markets financial markets have been fantastic since brexit . 
  capital markets activity continues to be good . 
   you overestimate our government . 
  read the uk government 's white paper on this . 
  it is extremely clear that securing the rights of citizens is a high priority . 
   a lesson why we do n't like to work together ? 
  because in terms on britain i have the strong feeling that 's a pretty one sided thing ( overall ) . 
  the uk 's experience of ww2 was completely different from germany 's experience of ww2 and this goes someway to explaining that the uk and germany have completely different approaches to europe . 
  just as it is important for brits to understand the german experience and view , it is also important for germans to understand the british experience and view . 
  of course the uk likes working with other countries . 
  the uk is a member of the united nations , the g7 , the commonwealth , the wto , nato and many many other international organisations . 
  i hope you can understand this . 
   i think ww2 is a very bad way to understand what is going on today . 
  because all that is creating is rethoric in the style of `` look , the germans try again to conquer europe '' . 
  this behaviour is nothing but ripping open barely healed wounds to rub tons of salt in it . 
  this is exactly why i personally do not introduce discussions about ww2 , because people are emotional about it . 
  if you want to blame someone for this , please blame the mep esteban gonzalez pons , who gave a speech in which he mentioned ww2 . 
  what i am saying is that history is important in helping us understand the present . 
  if you want to understand today 's germany , you need to understand german history and that includes ww2 . 
  if you want to understand today 's uk , you need to understand uk 's history and that includes ww2 . 
  if you want to understand today 's france , you need to understand french history and that includes ww2 . 
  i am really not advocating unsophisticated rhetoric . 
  i am simply saying that we need to understand history . 
  i would never make some kind of comment about today 's germans trying to conquer people because i consider that deliberately provocative and designed to offend . 
  this is also why people should not say things like the uk in wanting to do trade deals with countries outside the eu is trying to create an empire again . 
  this is simply a way of trying to provoke and offend british people . 
  sadly this kind of thing is done on this sub all the time . 
  there is already a common travel area between the uk and ireland . 
  perhaps you have not heard of it ? 
  both the uk and ireland want to keep it . 
  there is no ability of the eu to force ireland to get rid of it . 
  we should still and always be thankful for what those brave gurkhas did for our democracy . 
  thanks that is really interesting and detailed . 
  it does not surprise me as it ties in with everything i had read about where the aff voters came from in the first place . 
  i am afraid you plain do not understand this issue . 
  i would urge you to read the report i linked . 
  neither the uk or ireland are going to put in place fences or patrols . 
  both the uk and ireland will allow passport free travel . 
  all foreign nationals who enter ireland or the uk will be able to travel to the other without passport checks . 
  why do people downvote relevant facts ? 
  why do people downvote this kind of stuff ? 
   i hope we welcome you with open arms . 
  many thanks , that is kind . 
  if you choose to leave the eu , i hope that we also welcome you with open arms . 
  these are simply facts . 
   i do n't want either of us to leave to union mate . 
  stick together . 
  very sensible indeed !!, 
  what is your view on catalonian independence ? 
  i am also not a fan of grand coalitions , but that is partly because in westminster they are basically impossible other than in times of war and british people are therefore not culturally used to them . 
  i think in the case of germany a continuation of the grand coalition is the most likely outcome . 
  the uk is still going to be politically important because it has nuclear weapons , is a permanent member of the un security council , has one of the top ten economies and militaries in the world , one of the largest overseas aid donors in the world and has phenomenal soft power . 
   so what relevance does this have today ? 
  history is hugely relevant and an understanding of ww2 is entirely necessary to understand what is currently going on in europe . 
   or are you going to ignore that the current direction of brexit is the exact opposite of what ww2 actually was . 
  ww2 lead a lot of european countries to distrust their own democracies or own institutions , which explains why many of them want to be in the eu . 
  ww2 lead british people to trust their own institutions and their own democracy , therefore they do not fear governing themselves . 
   churchill certainly would n't have supported this . 
  the uk supporting the eu from outside the eu is entirely churchillian . 
   we assume are actually moving to visa free travel for everyone in the eu anyway this is my strong assumption . 
  the uk government has not indicated anything to contradict this . 
  did the saaland result surprise you in any way ? 
  i saw a few people express surprise at the cdu score . 
  i was not surprised because i have for a long time expected cdsu to do brilliantly in coming elections . 
   what did you do during ww2 by the way ? 
  out of curiosity . 
  i was not born during ww2 . 
  i assume that you are aware of what the uk did during ww2 or if you are not aware then have a great time reading about it !, 
  who gets their votes ? 
   yeah f that guy churchill , so selfish . 
  he should have just made peace and let the great dictators turn the continent into their genocidal playpen . 
  a lot of people have still not forgiven us for our roles in world war 2 and the cold war and the fact that we think we are capable of governing ourselves as a liberal democracy . 
   it will be passport free travel from outside of the eu into the eu , and vice versa both the uk and ireland are happy to continue passport free travel between the uk and ireland . 
   since the uk does not want to adapt the norwegian model either , which includes fom , i would be very surprised if this would go over smoothly . 
  the uk wants to adopt the norwegian model in relation to being outside the customs area but with passport free travel with a neighbouring country . 
  that is what is relevant here . 
  the fact that norway is in the single market is not relevant for crossing borders . 
   the single market is about freedom of movement . 
  this obviously includes the right to cross the border in the first place . 
  there is no single market right to cross a border without a passport . 
  croatia is part of the single market . 
  there is no right to cross the border from croatia to slovenia without a passport . 
  the right to cross a border without a passport is part of the schengen acquis on in the case of the uk and ireland the common travel area . 
   but there will be opposition , and that opposition might have the eu court on their side it would astonish me if the eu want to disrupt passport free travel between the uk and ireland when both the uk and ireland want it to continue . 
   i also see ni as a specially administered area within the customs union and make the customs border for crossing the sea so it 's a lot more invisible . 
  i agree this is possible , but i do not think it is the likely solution here . 
   or they have to have a british/irish visa to travel freely between the two .
