  they can only rednominate unilaterally the greek debt governed by greek law . 
  you 're right that the argentina case is a parallel - argentine debt was governed by new york law ( which is more or less identical to english law in this area ) . 
   also : this will kill the banking system in greece . 
  their external obligations will remain in eur , the domestic loans they handed out will be redenominated and depreciate with the new currency . 
  the question becomes whether or not greece pays or defaults . 
  it can beg money from other people : on the one hand russia and china and on the other hand usa and uk . 
  greece is still strategically important and play the west off against the east . 
  greece might also go for selective defaults : i.e. 
  default on loans to eurozone creditors but not the imf . 
  this could allow a potential new imf rescue package . 
   no sane person would do that . 
  even a 12 year old will understand that any new currency will devaluate a lot in the first time . 
  that 's why there would have to be strong incentives and fines for people that do not comply . 
   honestly the only `` real '' option i see in this case is to issue new euro notes for the remaining ez countries . 
  i agree that this would be a sensible option , but i see it as somewhat unlikely . 
  i do n't think that the reurozone would agree to it ... 
  i do n't think it is really in the interests of the reurozone to ease the transition of greece to its new currency . 
  indeed , there is a risk that it would set a precedent . 
   it would be much better had we default at the start of the crisis . 
  this is exactly right . 
   however , even if the solution to the crisis is `` more europe '' , there is no political will for `` more europe '' bofore the crisis is `` solved '' . 
  this is , in a nutshell , the tragedy of the eurozone . 
  the economics and the politics were never aligned with each other . 
  the initial creation of the eurozone represented the triumph of politics over economics . 
  but there is only so long that it is possible for political will to keep something in the air , defying economic gravity . 
  and now , ironically , it has become politically impossible to do what is economically necessary to save the eurozone . 
   but i think the solution is more europe , not a shirking europe . 
  i 'd much rather see the eurozone step up and find a common solution than kick one of their members to the curb - if not for any other reason than simply to address the rather gaping hole in the planning of the euro and avoid a repetition of the drama down the line . 
  how long are you prepared to wait for ? 
  so far , we have had seven and a half years of financial crisis and five years of greek sovereign debt crisis and still no solution . 
  the only viable long-term solution , turning the eurozone into a real transfer union , is as far away as ever . 
  the longer we wait , the worse things seem to get . 
  for how long is it rational to wait ? 
   so you mean to say that it would be illegal to have a foreign currency in greece ? 
  not quite . 
  only new drachma would be legal tender within greece , in the same way that pounds are legal tender in the uk and swiss francs are legal tender in switzerland . 
  other currency could be there , but not be legal tender - i.e. 
  you could n't pay for stuff with euro . 
  and , initially , no money could be taken out of greece . 
   you would effectively have to close the borders of that country for days or even weeks . 
  however , i would argue that it is `` too late '' for this as a large portion of the savings has already been transferred to other eu countries and will thus not be affected . 
  it would certainly have been better to do this earlier , but that does not mean it is n't still worth doing . 
  while a lot of money has already left greece , it is still best for greece to keep the rest there . 
  once the majority of the money has been redenominated , closing the borders is much less important , especially once the new currency stabilises . 
  it does n't matter if people take new drachma out of the country as they will have to end up back there . 
   also , how are you going to prevent people from holding euros ? 
  you cant search every flat for euros with the police ( if that even would be lawful ) . 
  the greek government is in charge of greek laws and in this kind of national emergency they would likely have the power to enact drastic measures . 
  the best way to stop people holding euros is to incentivise them to change them into new drachma quickly . 
  this can be done by giving preferential exchange rates to all euro redenominated in an initial period and imposing fines on anyone that does not exchange their euros for new drachma before a certain data . 
  i 'm not going to pretend it will be easy . 
  [ to use the irish joke , they are starting from a terrible position - it would be better if they were starting from somewhere else . 
  ] ( https://simonkidd.wordpress.com/2010/08/12/if-i-were-you-i-wouldnt-start-from-here/ ) it must be remembered that greece has no good options . 
  all of greece 's options are bad . 
  it is just a question of finding the least bad long term option . 
  i think that is leaving the euro , defaulting , creating a new stable depreciated currency and enacting a series of immediate pro business and anti corruption laws . 
  how quickly can we turn greece into switzerland ? 
   hum , i am no expert , but would the greek state not `` own '' the amount of euros circulating in greece ? 
  and if they introduce a new currency out of thin air and still keep their euros ( i.e. 
  not exchanging 10 new drachma for 1 eur or something like that ) they would be fucking their citizens royally because they 'd dilute the money in circulation . 
  if greece creates a new currency , its best option would be : - initial currency controls preventing people taking money out of greece either electronically or physically . 
  this will be contrary to the eu treaties , but they will have no option . 
  in the medium term currency controls are harmful as they stop inwards investment , so ideally greece would remove them once the currency stabilises . 
  - all euros held within the greek banking system to be redenominated as new drachma , by operation of law . 
  - all contractual monetary obligations governed by greek law currently denominated as euro to be redenominated as new drachma , by operation of law . 
  - euro to cease being a lawful currency of greece and all citizens holding euros to be required to exchange them for new drachma . 
  it would be an operational and legal nightmare , they would need a couple of extra bank holidays to do it , they would require the military to put it in place etc etc. 
   the next austerity round can be taken from the eu budget . 
  the only eu countries that have argued strongly for cuts to the eu budget and in particular cuts to salaries of eurocrats have been the netherlands , the uk and sweden , with some muted support from denmark and germany . 
  the negotiations in relation to the last eu budget showed a somewhat surprising success from the hawks , with very skilful negotiation . 
  the uk house of commons voted for a cut to the eu budget , effectively forcing cameron 's hand . 
  cameron also made clear that the uk would veto a rise to the eu budget . 
  however , what was sensible was that the netherlands and sweden deliberately positioned themselves even further than the uk , to ensure that the uk was not seen as isolated and an outlier . 
  unfortunately the hawks are always going to be in a minority . 
  once the uk leaves the eu ( hopefully soon ! ), 
  i think that there is no chance that sweden and the netherlands will be able to stop large rises to the eu budget in the future ... 
  thanks . 
  unfortunately i do n't read hungarian :-( out of interest what made you not be shocked ? 
  this really shocked me . 
  it would be interesting to get comparative data from other countries too though , to see how this differed in other parts of europe / rest of word . 
   spanish constitutional law is irrelevant as long as spain is a signatory to the un . 
  if catalonia organises a un monitored plebiscite ( vote ) and the population votes to become independent then spain can either withdraw from the un and ignore the vote citing it 's own constitution or it will be forced to accept the vote because other un countries will recognise catalonia as an independent nation . 
  i 'm just going to have to assume at this stage that you are not a lawyer and have zero knowledge of geopolitics . 
   for something to be illegal it would have to break a law . 
  i 'm not aware of any such law that would render a declaration of independence illegal . 
  it would breach article 2 of the spanish constitution on the indissoluble unity of the spanish nation . 
  under spanish constitutional law , it would certainly be illegal . 
   there 's also some very difficult philosophical questions regarding such a declaration . 
  if there was a hypothetical law in spain that said ` no independence for catalonia ' would catalonia declaring independence violate that law . 
  i mean once a declaration of independence has been made , with popular support , then catalonia is an independent country and spanish laws no longer apply there . 
  whether catalonia becomes an independent country would also depend on international law . 
  international law does not grant an automatic right to independence or necessarily accept udis . 
  there is an international law principle about a right to self-determination of a people , but this does not really extend to udis necessarily . 
  whether a state exists under international law depends primarily on recognition by other states . 
  would other countries recognise catalonia ? 
  the liklihood is that no western countries would recognise it . 
   5.5 - not bad guys , although how much of that 94.5 % employed is zero-hours contracts i wonder ? 
  a figure of 5.5 % unemployment does not mean a 94.5 % employment . 
  [ latest uk employment figures are 73.2 % . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/2015/feb/18/uk-employment-rate-hits-highest-level-since-records-began ) 700,000 people in the uk are on zero-hours contracts .
