  this is under a permanent fluctuation . 
  obviously , we can not predict the future . 
  however , you argued that currently the numbers were the same . 
  i was just correcting you on that point . 
  i also think that current trends indicate that many more reuropeans will move to the uk than the other way round . 
   this actually does not matter if we are talking about retirees her . 
  the only problems arising are with the health care system . 
  just to clarify , i am not saying that this is a problem , because the uk has to pay spain for uk people using the spanish healthcare system . 
  i was simply pointing out that for british people , the ability to work in the rest of the eu is not really a benefit . 
  salaries are generally lower , we generally do n't speak other languages , we have low unemployment here and there is high unemployment in most of the rest of the eu . 
   and it has been proven that they are a net benefit to your economy . 
  where is the problem ? 
  i have not argued that it is a problem . 
  i am in favour of the uk , once we leave the eu , continuing to have high immigration , a bit like canada and australia have now . 
  however , it is a mistake to simply say `` net benefit to economy , therefore no problem '' . 
  immigration impacts different parts of society in different ways . 
  wealthy middle class lawyers like me are benefitted . 
  i get a cheap ee cleaner and nobody from the rest of eu can take muh jerb . 
  however , poorer people from the uk are impacted in a different way . 
  there are also impacts on infrastructure , costs of housing and social cohesion , none of which have been taken into account by these studies that relate purely to the economy . 
  there is also a question of choosing the most ethical policy when it comes to immigration . 
  personally i am not comfortable with a policy which gives some nations much greater rights than others . 
  i would prefer the uk to be neutral as to the nationality of the immigrant and just look at things like skills . 
   euobserver ft. 
  these figures are from 2010 . 
  obviously since then given the economic shifts the numbers have altered significantly . 
  i also note that the ft source states that at 2010 there were 1.8 million brits in the reu compared to 2.34 reuropeans in the uk , which is not `` just as many '' in my mind . 
  it is also worth noting that reuropeans primarily come to the uk to work , whereas brits primarily go to the reu to retire or buy second homes . 
  the 1,000,000 brits in spain are not working . 
  they do n't have the right skills to work in spain ( embarrassingly they do n't speak spanish ) and spain has very high unemployment . 
  they go to spain for the good weather , cheap houses and delicious food and cheap wine and so forth . 
  we do n't have these things in the uk . 
  so i think / u/cameron _ 95 's pint about working was correct . 
  it is n't the only reason , but the accountability of politicians in my mind is an incredibly important reason . 
  if decisions are taken remotely from the citizen in a confusing way allowing national politicians to blame another layer of governance then this is an incredibly poor outcome for democracy . 
  i do n't believe that the eu gives any benefits to the uk . 
  if we look round the world , it is clear that for a country to be successful membership of the eu is neither a necessary nor a sufficient condition . 
   i want to leave and work elsewhere in europe , there may not be many , but we do exist . 
  and i 'll be damned if i 'm going to live the rest of my life stuck on this island . 
  you 're not stuck on this island . 
  if you want to work elsewhere , get some good skills . 
  plenty of british people work all over the world . 
  as someone who has worked overseas , both within the eu and outside the eu i think the crucial factor to your employability is your skill set . 
   british figures indicate that just as many uk citizens live in the eu as vice-versa , despite popular perceptions . 
  no , this is not true . 
  edit - also , / u/cameron _ n95 specifically mentioned `` work '' rather than `` live '' , which is obviously a very different thing with very different data . 
   let 's see how the british public reacts when they are out of the eu and their politicains can no longer blame all their problems on the eu . 
  this is a very good argument for leaving the eu . 
  politicians will be forced to be more accountable . 
  accountability of politicians is fundamental in a healthy democracy . 
   lol about your link ... 
  i 'm pointing to fundamental eu law statements and you bring up an encouragement ( not a law ) to `` eat french '' by organisms of the french governement ... 
  if you want to go on that petty field then fine : http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/516863/elizabeth-truss-says-importing-food-disgrace but that 's not what i was talking about . 
  french farmers are inhibiting free movement . 
  france also by expelling roma inhibits free movement . 
   and yes , most of these migrants actually have the right to ask asylum in the uk while staying in the uk . 
  the calais migrants are not in the uk , they are in france . 
  how come france ca n't deal with them ? 
  how come there are camps there after ten years ? 
   no the uk does not even respect free movement [ france also does not respect free movement . 
  ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/07/28/uk-france-agriculture-idukkcn0q21fs20150728 ) and the rights for other eu citizens the way its european neighbours do . 
  however , the case of the calais migrants is not a free movement case . 
  there is no right of refugees and migrants to cross from calais to the uk . 
  france needs to deal with this . 
  the fact that you have  found [ your ] self becoming more skeptic over the last few months makes me think that you can be won over . 
   if we could leave but free movement of people stays in place , which for me is just for convenience , obviously , the relationship of the uk with the rest of the eu once we leave is an uncertain one . 
  however my expectation is that there will be a great many people moving to and from the uk even once we leave the eu . 
  the uk 's culture , economy and the city of london rely on the uk being open to the rest of the world . 
  many other countries that are not in the eu have incredibly high immigration rates ( e.g. 
  canada , australia , norway , switzerland ) . 
  i think it is rational to assume that the uk would be something like them . 
   he seems far too narcissistic for that though he is narcissistic , but he does also want the result to be `` leave '' . 
  the sensible people in the leave campaign need to get hard data on how farage influences polling and present this to farage . 
  if they can demonstrate to farage that he puts off swing voters , then perhaps they can convince him into silence . 
  in a referendum the only people you are speaking to are swing voters . 
  the people who have already decided for certain are irrelevant . 
  there is simply no point addressing them . 
   i still think i will vote to stay , however i have found myself becoming more skeptic over the last few months . 
  for `` leave '' to win over people like you , they need to make the case that staying in is the risky option and that leaving is the safer option . 
  i think leave can win this argument . 
   look mate , it is enough of a shame for the french to be accomplices to a thug government like that of britain 's currently . 
  when in fact britain is not respecting many of eu 's principles , including free movement within the eu , which is one of our founding , non-negotiable principles . 
  you are mixing up free movement of workers ( which the uk is respecting ) and passport free travel ( which the uk sensibly opted out of ) . 
  france needs to deal with the refugees and migrants in calais . 
  it astonishes me that france does not seem able to deal with them . 
   it was already for the political union the question on the ballot paper related to the `` common market '' . 
  that 's what people thought they were voting for , a market . 
   if support does n't improve it will be delayed . 
  cameron will hold the vote when he thinks he can get the result he wants . 
  the absolute latest it can be delayed to is february/march 2017 . 
  any later than this and it would be a big distraction in the french presidential elections ( april/may 2017 ) or the german general election october 2017 . 
  also from july to december the uk holds the presidency of the european council . 
  i do n't think it is possible really for the uk to both hold the presidency of the european council and potentially vote out . 
   the trajectory has changed though . 
  i agree that the polling is moving in favour of the leavers and that it is a trajectory . 
  i was just making the point that the june 61 % poll was an outlier . 
   prior to this crisis , with the odd blip , the polling trend has gone from a 10 % sceptic lead to a large and growing pro-european lead . 
  the fall out from the refugee crisis has persisted longer than prior crises . 
  i think that the refugee crisis is a significant factor , but i think there are multiple other factors at play which help the leave side , including : - greece - snp sounding far more hesitant about a second referendum - corbyn ambivalance to the eu - the launch of vote leave , with serious mainstream politicians and serious business people behind it , giving more legitimacy to the leave side - widespread feeling that cameron 's renegotiation is a sham but do you know what i think the key factor is ? 
  nigel farage has hardly been on tv and ukip have been fairly low profile .
