  it makes it easier to come to a decision . 
   there are now 28 countries in the european union at the bureaucracy is already at an insane level . 
  at some point the cherry-picking must stop . 
  or do you want to rewrite the treaties and renegotiate the special rights and opt-outs of member countries every other year ? 
  the eu should be far more flexible and be less rigid . 
  on a regular basis the rules should be re-opened . 
  if people in a particular ms do n't want something , they should n't have to have it . 
  separately , you have not answered my question . 
  why do you care that the uk is not in the euro ? 
  how does this possibly matter to you ? 
  it seems insane for you to care about this . 
  as for bureaucracy , it is insane , but by giving far more power to member states is a way of reducing it . 
   the uk is n't part of schengen and the economic and monetary union . 
  the uk has opt-outs from the charter of fundamental rights and the area of freedom , security and justice . 
  these things are n't burdens for you though . 
  all these things are great for you . 
  why care whether or not we have them ? 
  wanting to leave the eu is n't nationalistic . 
  please stop trying to pretend it is . 
  the uk is just being rational - it does n't need to be in the eu any more and would be better off out . 
  to call this sentiment `` nationalistic '' is to profoundly fail to understand it . 
  you might just as well call norwegians nationalistic for not wanting to be in the eu . 
  really , it is of no consequence if a part of the american political establishment talks shit of cameron . 
  this kind of thing happens all the time . 
  normally it does not leak out . 
  i 'm not sure why you mention sovereign immunity here , given that in practice the uk state has been justiciable for many years , and this has had a statutory footing since the 40s . 
  the echr only has a better tradition of holding nations to account if your position is that the echr is inherently better at making judgments than national courts . 
  i do n't understand how someone can make this argument . 
  if two courts disagree , it is not the case automatically that the echr has made the better judgement . 
  human rights legislation arises from the legislature . 
  the legislature makes human rights legislation . 
  there is no reason why we should declare that the legislature of a previous age should take priority over the current legislature . 
  if the current legislature has a different vision of human rights legislation , then they should be able to change the law . 
  i did n't call the echr undemocratic of itself . 
  however , it has come up with judgments that go well beyond the legislation underpinning it . 
  to the extent that the british people think it is no longer serving their interests , the british government should of course take the uk out . 
  obviously , the uk should consider what the british interest is and not the american interest . 
  the fact that the usa wants the uk in eu is not really relevant to whether it is in the british interest . 
  have you ever met any australian ? 
  huge numbers of australians come to the uk for work . 
  the uk is a power house . 
  it is the fifth largest economy in the world . 
  of course australia would do a trade deal with the uk . 
  i am personally not really into most labour laws or discrimination laws . 
  if you are into them , just vote accordingly . 
  let 's trust the democratic process . 
  if cameron had not promised a referendum , ukip would have done much better . 
  the british public want a referendum . 
  it is a good thing that the british people can make this decision . 
  there is no guarantee that leaving the eu will decrease fdi in the uk . 
  indeed , fdi goes from strength to strength in the uk currently , despite the referendum being on the horizon . 
  if the echr overturns the uksc on the same facts and law , this does not mean that the latter reached the wrong decision . 
  it just means that the former is a senior court and they had a different opinion . 
  the uk has many very fine judges . 
  human rights are not derived from god . 
  they are the result of laws made by men . 
  there is no reason why the legislation and judiciary underpinning them should be at a european level rather than a global level or a national level . 
  just as many countries in the world have good human rights records outside the echr ( e.g new zealand , canada , australia ) so will the uk . 
  the british bill of rights will be legislation . 
  case law will arise from it . 
  i 'm not arguing that judges should n't be the ones deciding cases . 
  i am saying that if judges make decisions beyond the scope of the intent of the legislature , the legislature should be free to change the law , to rein in a judge . 
  this is the normal democratic process . 
  a majority of voters in the last electorate voted for parties wanting a referendum . 
  do n't blame cameron . 
  blame the electorate !, 
  and as you 'll have seen from that link , there is a variety of opinion on whether or not the uk benefits economically from being in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure why you think that the uk supreme court would not be able to hold the uk government to its legal obligations . 
  as for departing from precedence from the echr , that is entirely appropriate . 
  ultimately the people that enact legislation should be elected politicians , not unelected judges . 
  obviously , human rights lawyers will lose out . 
  the uk is not isolationist . 
  the uk , outside the eu , will be part of the global community . 
  what is the point of leading the eu ? 
  i am happy to let europeans run their own affairs . 
  would they vote for this ? 
  the swiss never do . 
  separately , are you suggesting that scotland should not have had a referendum ? 
  spain are currently free to agree with non-eu countries how many citizens of non-eu counties they accept . 
  so my point stands . 
   ok , thanks for the explanation , but why ? 
  it 's pretty clear you 're referring to the eu without uk when talking about negotiations and agreements and what , that r in this context is just there , it does n't add any extra information that could n't be deduced by context . 
  personally i think it is clearer . 
  eu is an entity that the uk is part of . 
  reu is an entity that the uk is not part of . 
  my mind likes these kind of clear distintinctions , but perhaps that is because i am a lawyer ... 
  apologies for adding yet another post on immigration to a sub that has been dominated by this issue . 
  however , this is a very interesting move which will likely impact the debate about eu membership in the uk . 
  during the scotland referendum , we used ruk as internet shorthand for `` rest of the uk '' and iscotland as internet shorthand for `` an independent scotland '' . 
  thus , we 're also starting to use iuk for an independent uk and reu for the rest of the eu ( once the uk leaves ) . 
  seeing as you mentioned inviduals , i thought you were talking about indivdiduals ( of which i am one ) . 
  however , i also think it would be beneficial for the country as a whole . 
   one of the largest , yes , but still only a small percentage . 
  it 's not like they would lose out that much from tariffs ; no doubt it would be easy enough for the trade to be spread out across the rest of the eu . 
  not really . 
  trade does n't work like that . 
  this changes costs considerably . 
   which is exactly the problem with leaving . 
  apart from ireland , the eu countries only benefit a fraction from free trade with the uk . 
  it 's not the same the other way round - cumulatively around 50 % of our imports and exports are from the eea , and companies from the eu wo n't necessarily still trade in the uk when import tax is factored in .
