  however , this does not of itself mean that the relevant british court 's judgment was not the correct one . 
   that is unless you believe it 's right to criminalize homosexuality or torture detainees . 
  the job of a court is not to do `` what i believe is right '' . 
  it is to judge according to the law . 
   echr having nothing to do with eu . 
  that is n't completely correct . 
  under the lisbon treaty the eu is bound to become a signatory to the echr . 
   and it 's also wrong to claim that this will not lead to less rights , as the echr has for decades helped british citizens when british courts failed them . 
  you can only conclude that this will lead to fewer rights if you assume that the echr 's decision was correct rather than the british courts . 
  this assumption does n't seem to be based on any reasoning ,, 
  human rights are n't european . 
  there is no reason why the ultimate court in relation to human rights should be a european one any more than it should be a global one or a national one . 
  i trust the british justice system . 
   do they want scotland to succeed ? 
  we all hope that scotland continues to be very successful . 
  by definition , a bill should be for our elected representatives rather than unelected judges . 
  i did n't vote for the tories . 
  but i am pleased that they are reducing the powers of the echr . 
  personally i am not afraid of it . 
  i do n't see them impacting the uk . 
  blair is right . 
  in order to get elected , labour need to move to the right . 
  it was n't just the tuition fees that let them down . 
  it was their total lack of ideology and principle . 
  who even knows what they stand for ? 
  the `` middle ground between the tories and labour '' is unsurprisingly a relatively niche idea . 
  at least with the greens and ukip they have clear principles . 
  arguably the conservative party might need to do that too , though the conservative party vote held up much better in scotland . 
  i 'm looking forwards to the the uk pulling out of the echr . 
  seems like that 's what the british public want . 
  how are you coping with the pain of loss ? 
  if you take the view that ukip are right wing ( not really my view , but this has been the media narrative ) then this election seems to have been a significant move to the right in the british electorate . 
  it is astonishing to think that ukip could have increased their share of the vote by 9 percentage points , with the conservatives not losing any votes at all . 
  it has been fascinating listening to the labour party on this . 
  people like balls are starting to admit that the labour party lost seats to the conservative party because labour voters were voting ukip . 
  this will surely have implications for the direction of the labour party . 
   lib dems are also in favour of eu reform , specifically , they want more of it . 
  nick clegg has written in favour of creating a common european foreign policy and a common eu army for defence . 
  his party also supported joining the eurozone until the 2008 ( and the party is still ideologically in support of it , they just ca n't say it one of the nice things about the election result is that we can all ignore the views of the liberal democrats . 
  it turns out that the electorate does n't agree with them . 
  do n't underestimate the conservative eusceptics . 
  i 'm old enough to remember the 1992 election and the subsequent parliament . 
  the conservative eusceptics are a major reason why the uk is not part of the euro and got major concessions in the maastricht treaty . 
  they were prepared to bring down the government over europe . 
  this time there are more of them and the government has a weaker minority . 
  also , most of the grass roots of the tory party are very eusceptic , even more than the parliamentary tory party . 
  there will be blood . 
  there are going to be some gigantic arguments in the house of commons . 
  the tory party will stay up all night screaming at itself over europe for months on end over europe , just as it did in the 90s . 
  i kind of agree with / u/slyratchet, 
  no , labour lost a lot of votes to ukip . 
  it needs to try and win them back , by being able to control immigration , which is a very big issue for labour 's key constituency . 
  labour were too left wing on taxation too and too regulatory generally . 
  lots of their voters did vote tory , to protest that labour were too left wing . 
  the polls predicted that the conservatives and labour were tied in terms of vote share . 
  in fact , there was a difference of more than 6 % . 
  this is a stunning failure by the polling industry . 
  in fact , the british polling industry has set up an investigation to try and investigate the failure [ and consider potential bias in the system ] ( http://www.nature.com/news/why-the-polls-got-the-uk-election-wrong-1.17511 ) . 
  did any polls at all suggest that david cameron would get an overall majority ? 
  it is time to have a little less faith in the polling industry . 
  look at the uk for the last 40 years . 
  labour is not electable unless it moves to the right . 
  the kinnocks have got the labour party back . 
  the unelectable labour party . 
  we all have a huge interest in renegotiating the treaties . 
  just as the eurozone is not reformable , nor is the eu as a whole . 
  the one thing we need to learn from the general election in the uk is that polls can not be trusted . 
  they got the election result very wrong . 
  the tory party want to be in a `` reformed eu '' and specifically get rid of `` ever closer union '' . 
  let 's see how the renegotiation goes . 
  i 'm very relaxed about scottish independence . 
  i think a referendum on scottish independence was a good thing and certainly would not object if scotland wants to join the euro etc if that is what they want . 
  one interesting thing about the uk election result is that it will impact french politics . 
  this is going to inspire the french reforming right . 
  they will try and copy cameron . 
   hsbc is not the only one always threatening to leave . 
   uk should play hardball with them . 
  they 're only banks . 
  see if they actually do move ... ;-), 
  did you read your own link ?!, 
   hsbc main building ( chinese : \u9999\u6e2f\u6ed9\u8c50\u7e3d\u884c\u5927\u5ec8 ) is a headquarters building of the hongkong and shanghai banking corporation , which is today a wholly owned subsidiary of ** london based ** hsbc holdings . 
   the eu has trade agreements with the other large trade markets like mercosur , nafta etc. 
  the fact that you don \u00b4 t know this is ridiculous . 
  they do n't cover financial services . 
  the hsbc debate shows that there are multiple things that the uk needs to consider in relation to banks . 
  however , banks are notorious for making threats and then not acting on them . 
  hsbc are always threatening to leave . 
  the eu is just another factor in the mix . 
   they won \u00b4 t decide which will be the financial centre they will just compete it is a shame that they are not currently competing . 
  i wish they would start the competition ...  they will just impose strict trading barriers between britain and europe so those financial investors won \u00b4 t be able to access european financial services without paying those trade barriers making it financially inefficient to operate out of london . 
  finance is global . 
  if the eu stops being part of the system of global finance , then the eu will damage itself . 
  given the choice of being part of the rest of the globe 's financial system , or the eu 's , london must choose the rest of the world , which is much bigger . 
  after all , churchill did say `` if britain must choose between europe and the open sea , she must always choose the open sea '' . 
   some articles by the telegraph and the guardian that talk about companies threatening to leave london if there is a brexit . 
  we 're used to that . 
  they did that when we refused to join the euro . 
  they never left . 
   in the case of voting for the treaty changes , you 'd need to read hundreds of pages of the original treaty , then dozens or hundreds of pages of the treaty changes , in order to vote for it . 
  there is no way the people will do that , they will resort to their gut feeling and that is no proper way of deciding the future .
