  instead it is a reason for the uk to fully embrace free trade . 
   but when they do care , they have little say in ecb . 
  the ecb does not have any competences in relation to market access . 
  obviously , the uk should never join the euro as to do so would be to give up massive amounts of sovereignty . 
  initially read this as `` australia '' again ... 
   the idea being they want it to be as competitive as possible onshore by removing every trade barrier there is ( even not adopting this ftt as italy did ) , in the financial sector at least . 
  it being so competitive on the isles , why would you ever want to go overseas ? 
  exactly . 
  it would of course be insane for the uk to adopt ftt . 
  we in the uk are looking at the eu 's proposed ftt with total horror . 
  luckily it looks like it will die , but obviously if the eu continues with it the uk should fight it in the courts . 
   the rivaling monetary policy in frankfurt and london still poses a potential threat . 
  do you mean monetary policy or do you mean financial stability policy ? 
  london and frankfurt have to do things differently in relation to monetary policy partly because they have different statutory requirements . 
  london has to consider jobs and growth on an equal footing to inflation . 
  frankfurt has to prioritise inflation . 
  also , the uk and the eurozone have different economic challenges so the implementation of monetary policy is different . 
  however , the location of clearing or settling is not a question about monetary policy . 
  it is potentially a question about financial stability . 
   making monetary policy is central to government functioning it can not be rejected simply as ` protectionism ' . 
  obviously , the eurozone and london can have separate monetary policy . 
  if the eurozone wants to be protectionist partly out of a financial stability concern , i do n't think it makes sense for the uk to try to stop it or care . 
  however , the uk should continue to pursue as open and as free trade as possible with the entire globe and not conduct protectionism itself . 
   is n't london in a better position to be more competitive at settling than luxembourg is ? 
  yes , you are right . 
  london has a competitive advantage over luxembourg in many ways . 
  however , the uk should not try and impose any restrictions on luxembourg 's or elsewhere 's ability to settle trades ( for example , to try and preserve london 's market share ) but welcome open competition and free trade . 
   this is true , i doubt the treasury is looking at incentivising this over settling in the uk though . . jobs and all . 
  in my mind the uk should be happy for free trade anywhere in the world . 
  we should reject protectionism wherever it occurs . 
   transactions of stock and commodities listed on eurozone markets are legally required to be settled within the eurozone . 
  same can be said to lse who uses pound sterling . 
  for example the lse owns the milan market but it can not trade in pounds , this is making lse further expansion inland almost impossible . 
  this is n't right . 
  trading can take place in london in securities denominated in many currencies . 
  there are many securities denominated in euro listed on the london stock exchange . 
  there is also nothing to stop trading and clearing of securities denominated in pounds within the eurozone ( and in fact other places in the world ) . 
  for example , clearstream , luxembourg is set up to clear trades in pounds . 
   that means it 's much easier to move business to frankfurt in case of a brexit . 
  london stock exchange already merged with borsa italiana . 
  do n't read youtube comments !, 
  i think it is a difference between adversarial politics and consensus politics . 
  our parliament has two opposing sides : her majesty 's government and her majesty 's loyal opposition . 
  your parliament is like a semi-circle and governments are often coalitions . 
  in our parliament there is not enough space and they sit on benches . 
  in yours they seem to each have a lot of space . 
  i think this makes ours naturally more inclined to speak to the gallery !, 
  i disagree . 
  andrea leadsome mp on the leave side is very credible . 
  we will see . 
  in my mind this dispute is basically greece trolling macedonia . 
  when i read about it i am kind of surprised that the britain did n't think of trying to troll france in this way by telling them that they have to call brittany the fomer celtic nation of brittany or something . 
  what 's love got to do with it ? 
  i think it is time to go back to just being friends with it . 
  i 'm not seriously pretending our politics is like balkan politics ... 
   let 's jst call crimea as russia then . 
  sure , not the best comparison , but still . 
  hahaha . 
  what should we call bretagne ? 
  people might start getting confused with grande bretagne and thinking that it belongs to us ... 
  march is in fact a good time to be in the lake district in my mind because there can be any kind of weather !!!, 
  if you are a committed walker this can make the experience very exciting ... 
  i think they make the lake district deliberately hard to get to . 
  even if you live in london you need to plan quite a bit to get there and stuff, 
  i really recommend it . 
  the good thing about all the rain is that it looks stunning when it is n't raining , 
  anglo-saxons are best saxons ... 
  it was thatcher that sorted out the uk economy . 
  thanks , that is really interesting . 
  it sounds like you are saying that afd have now moved further to the right than many other populist right parties in north-west europe , like ukip , danish people 's party or the ordinary finns ' party and are perhaps even further than austrian fpo or dutch pvv or french fn or swedish democrats . 
  i just find this a really surprising move because to me it will not be an electorally successful move . 
  in the far right of german politics there are n't that many votes available . 
  however , i think there are quite a lot of votes in the populist right . 
   true . 
  the same could be said of ukip or the front national . 
  ukip also have pulling out of the eu as an issue . 
  that is different from the afd 's policy . 
   i remember when you were n't so blunt with your agendas . 
  pointing out that most british people do n't have any understanding of the eu parliament 's political groupings is not an agenda . 
  it is just a fact . 
  i find it strange that afd are drifting in that direction because germany already has the npd . 
  in my mind there is a whole large political space to the left of npd but to the right of most of german politics which afd could occupy . 
  i would have though that that space would get them more votes . 
  it makes no political sense for afd to move right . 
  but maybe i just do n't understand german politics !, 
  wow - this shows how different german politics and british politics are . 
  i ca n't imagine a political party in the uk calling for circumcision or minarets to be banned . 
   shock horror !, 
  the chair of a euro sceptic and anti-federalist group has come out in favour of a brexit . 
  what a devastating thing to happen , im sure no-one saw that coming . 
  he has taken the opposite view to cameron . 
  this is significant . 
  cameron is also anti-federalist . 
  almost nobody in the uk is pro-federalist . 
   but budget deficit constraints imposed by ec on every eu member , also on those being outside euro-zone . 
  not on the uk . 
  the uk has an opt-out so can decide its own budget deficit ( thankfully ) . 
   i had to google who he and what the ecr is . 
  i 'm not surprised , most british people do n't follow eu politics closely or have any understanding of the eu parliament 's political groupings . 
  so you should n't be embarrassed that you do n't either .
