  yes . 
  the word `` liberate '' makes no sense in relation to britain . 
  a majority of voters support the positions of the labour party and the conservative party not to destroy the banks and the military . 
  some people disagree with this , and they are free to vote for other parties , but those people are in a small minority . 
  in a democracy , the views of the majority take priority over the views of the minority . 
  perhaps you do n't like democracy ? 
  there are more than two parties in britain though . 
  there are many many political parties , including some which are very anti-business . 
  they do very badly in elections though . 
  any chance of tranistria getting independence ? 
  i can always spot a yankee . 
  it is harder to spot the irish . 
  britain wants georgia . 
  not sure about all the others ... 
  have any further details come out about the killimg of the golden dawn yet ? 
  from whom ? 
  anyone would think we do n't have regular elections , changes of government , a free press , an independent judiciary ... 
  neither england nor scotland do well to be honest . 
  13th place in europe is not really something to be proud of . 
  good news , but there is still a long road ahead . 
  the credit rating of cyprus by s + p is b - , which is rather a low one . 
  the ratings are aimed at investors . 
  if you are not an investor , then it wo n't be of much direct interest to you . 
  it will have some impact on the dutch . 
  there are certain investors ( for example some pension funds ) that can only invest in triple a rated securities . 
  the downgrade of the netherlands sovereign debt will mean that those investors stop buying that debt and this could cause a ( slight ) rise in dutch borrowing costs . 
  this could impact state spending . 
  of course , it might also have a political impact . 
  we can only hope !, 
  long live the nation state !, 
  long live the uk , viva italia !, 
  property prices in london and the south east are rising fast . 
  they are stable in most of the rest of the uk . 
  there are lots of jobs in london at the moment . 
  ultimately this is a political question rather than a legal one . 
  if scotland votes for independence , the commission will weigh up the costs of annoying spain with the costs of annoying scotland . 
  i pretty much agree with catastrophic : it is unlikely but possible at this stage . 
  there is still quite a lot to play for . 
  oddly , the union has always been more popular among scots than among the english . 
  it would be interesting to see how many english people would vote for scottish independence . 
  the union impacts the lives of scots much more than the lives of the english though . 
  a separation could mean a big change for scotland but a smaller change for england . 
  she is hated by some but not by others . 
  she did win three general elections : a remarkable achievement , at that time , by a woman from a very ordinary background . 
  she changed britain fundamentally and had a huge impact across the globe . 
   but then all ez-european leaders need to tell their voters that they are now also in a political union . 
  a fiscal union without a common political framework on fiscal politics , common safeguards against irresponsible spending and common institutions that monitor tax evasion , subsidy fraud and corruption is an open invitation to freeload at the expense of others . 
  i completely agree . 
   and politically , currently this is a complete nonstarter in northern europe . 
  i think it is a mistake to delay the inevitable just because it is politically difficult now . 
  i do n't see this getting easier in five years ' time . 
  if anything , the last five years have shown that it might well get even harder . 
  the last five years have been a wasted opportunity . 
  is it really sensible to continue delaying the inevitable for another five years ? 
   people say that we did n't do that yet because the surplus countries are not sure yet if the euro is worth saving , or better split into two different currencies . 
  they have had the last five years to work out their opinion on this . 
  how much more time do they need ? 
  this is why i am so pleased about the syriza victory - it has a chance of forcing northern eurozone to be realistic about what monetary union entails . 
  syriza need to stay strong and reject any further ridiculous `` amend , extend and pretend '' approaches to this crisis . 
  northern eurozone must either commit to being in a currency union with greece , and this means massive fiscal transfers , or there is no point to monetary union . 
   you have to declare war to denmark at least one time . 
  now even germany is associated with the nordics !, 
  been at war with denmark ? 
  can confirm . 
   if it is nordic , how come its flag does not have a cross on it ? 
  has a cross ( well , several ) on its flag ? 
  can confirm . 
  maybe the uk can into nordics ... 
   turkey , the uk , the uk and germany are in the top 5 yikes . 
  the uk gets into your top 5 twice over ? 
  greece does not need a third bailout along the lines of the previous two bailouts . 
  those bailouts did not really work . 
  if they had worked , greece would not be needing further bailouts . 
  greece needs the reurozone to write-off some of its debt . 
  this means that tax-payers in the reurozone need to become liable for greek debt , effectively a fiscal union . 
  there is no point delaying this necessary and inevitable step . 
  delays will just make things worse . 
  greece is bankrupt . 
  the emperor is wearing no clothes . 
  politicians in northern europe need to tell their electorate that being in a monetary union also means being in a fiscal union . 
  i have not argued that scotland should stay in the uk . 
  i think that they could be a very successful independent nation , like norway or iceland or ireland . 
  i would be more than happy if they had voted for independence . 
  however , i think there is sufficient shared experience and political consciousness for scots and other rukers to share a state if that is desired . 
  i do n't think this about brits and other reuropeans . 
  the wiki link you posted does not contain up-to-date figures , unlike the figures from the european commission . 
  it showed data as at 2013 year end . 
  yes , that is fine . 
  the important thing is to ensure that intra-uk trade ( which is 90 % of uk trade ) does not have to respect eu regulations . 
  not really . 
  the eu has not done this with canada or south korea . 
  the eu exports far more to the uk than it imports and the eu 's economy really depends on these exports . 
   however , and i realize this is a very hypothetical question that is maybe impossible to answer , the benefit of hindsight and all - if you were transported back to say 1720 , before the centuries of mutual unified history unfolded , would you argue scotland was better off in the union or out of it ? 
  i think the difficulty of this question is that in 1720 our ideas of democracy were completely different . 
  however , i think it is worth remembering that the joint parliament between england and scotland is where many ideas of parliamentary democracy that the world accepts today were forged . 
  i think scotland have done well out of the union . 
  but it is impossible to know how they would have done had they not been in it ...  strength in numbers and unity , leading to greater freedom the uk already has this if it is outside the eu . 
  the uk is not a weak country . 
  also , the uk will stay allied to the west generally and stay in nato . 
   now , as to why specifically the eu .
