  uk is going to stay being an importer and prices will not go up by a great deal . 
  we are seeing continued low inflation in the uk . 
   now you get the most corporate government possible although that 's seemingly what people wanted to vote against . 
  makes very little sense . 
  i want a very business focused government . 
   i was an erasmus student , it baffles me that this was n't brought up more . 
  it is a great great thing we have access to . 
  hell you can go to denmark today and do a free masters . 
  the people that like the idea of erasmus were already mostly going to vote remain . 
  ( however , technically erasmus is not a benefit of eu membership as non-eu countries also participate . ), 
   might i perhaps suggest that revoking your membership was a bad idea . 
  thanks , but no thanks . 
   the pound depreciation is a direct bill on consumers all over the uk , and a gift for companies as it buys competitiveness through reduced purchasing power . 
  actually , the extent to which the pound 's depreciation really is a bill is a bit more complex than that and note : - most british people buy most things in the uk and so far we have not really seen much inflation . 
  - it does not really make sense to separate people from companies as all companies really are is the people impacted by them ( employees , shareholders , customers etc ) - the depreciation of a currency does not happen by itself , it is part of wider economic indicators which must also be considered e.g. 
  economic growth , unemployment , interest rates , business confidence etc etc. 
  on most of these the uk is doing fine . 
  - the whole purpose of having an independent currency is so that it can go up and down and absorb shocks . 
  this is exactly why the uk stayed outside the euro . 
  essentially what is currently happening is the pound doing what it is meant to do . 
  we saw a major correction of the pound on black wednesday , which lead to a period of strong economic growth in the uk . 
   facebook gets cheap labour and pays little taxes , creates high end jobs but everybody else will foot the bill . 
  there is n't a bill . 
  this is a net benefit for the uk . 
  i voted for brexit and i am pleased . 
  switzerland seems to manage . 
   now seriously ... give it back  :[ ask the gibraltarians . 
  do n't ask us . 
   i guess you just want to ignore the nearly 50 % of voters that do . 
  i am more than happy for them to campaign for us to rejoin and us to have a referendum on that in around 40 years . 
   i remember when denmark was voting no/yes to the euro . 
  all the danish referendums have been extremely influential in the uk . 
  the first maastricht one in the early 90s gave the british eusceptics a massive amount of strength ... 
  it basically began the movement which has led to brexit . 
  thanks for that !, 
   yup , project fear was a total trainwreck . 
  on the other hand , had britain stronger in europe ran a different kind of campaign , they might have lost by a larger amount . 
  ultimately i do n't think it came down to the campaigns . 
  i think it came down to the product . 
  british people just do not want to buy the eu and there is no advertising on earth that will make us buy it . 
  you can put lipstick on a pig , but it is still a pig . 
   surely pointing out what happens if you leave shows the advantages of staying ? 
  have you read any of the accounts of the referendum period that have recently come out , e.g. 
  shipman 's `` all out war '' or oliver 's `` unleashing demons '' ? 
  both are extremely interesting in their discussions of the behind-the-scenes tactics that britain stronger in europe discussed . 
  i really recommend them , as well as bennett 's `` brexit club '' . 
  i have all of them . 
  all these accounts show that at a relatively early stage in the campaign ( e.g. 
  end of february , when the renegotiation finished ) britain stronger in europe made a strategic choice to follow a lynton crosby type campaign , similar to the one the tories did in general election 2015 or the one that better together did the scottish independence referendum in 2014 . 
  the belief was that a relentless focus on economic risks and sticking to single core messages was what won elections/referendums . 
  this has been a prevalent view since carville 's famous `` it 's the economy stupid '' during bill clinton 's time . 
  there were some within better stronger in europe that wanted to do a more directly positive campaign and rather than focus on negatives associated with leaving , focus directly on the positives of staying , e.g. 
  eu citizenship , perceived benefits of eu regulation , perceived benefits of being part of a large bloc , common european destiny and so forth . 
  this type of campaign could , for instance , have had multiple eu leaders ( juncker , merket et al coming to the uk to campaign to say how much they wanted the uk to remain ) . 
  or it could have gone as far as to say that eu federalism is actually a good thing for the uk to aspire towards . 
  but all polling showed that any of these types of positive messages went down very badly with swing voters . 
  at a late stage in the campaign , there was a consideration by britain stronger in europe that the entire campaign should change as polls seemed to show that the original strategy was not working ( treasury papers , obama 's statement , punishment budget etc etc did not move the polls in the right direction ) . 
  but , they eventually agreed to keep the same strategy and focus directly on the negatives of leaving . 
  [ this is the evidence that i have seen . 
  ] ( http://www2.politicalbetting.com/index.php/archives/2016/11/19/five-months-after-the-vote-and-brexit-is-as-decisive-an-issue-as-ever/ ), 
   especially when there 's a bunch of lads and lasses planning to be cheeky . 
  that is not a polite way to talk about the irish ... 
   i just want to see a lot more competition across all taxes , not just corp. 
  i also want to see this . 
  we all benefit through competition . 
   well the outcome of the referendum was almost equal and pretty much every survey , study , poll and investigation has shown a surge in pro-eu opinions since july no , most polls and studies have shown that british people are glad that they voted to leave . 
   i am sure most of the country now wishes we could just go back to mid-june with this knowledge and say ` let 's not do this actually . 
  no , a majority of the country are glad that we voted to leave and would not change the vote . 
  a minority of the country wished we had voted remain . 
   ( now probably more than half ) evidence suggests that opinions have not changed . 
   people tried that with brexit , the advantages are abstract and unquantifiable . 
  actually they did not even really try it . 
  the entire `` remain '' campaign was based around the bad things that could happen after a `` leave '' vote rather than the advantages of being in the eu . 
  this was because all polling evidence suggested that any british people who believed that the eu had any advantages were already going to vote remain . 
  all evidence showed that swing voters in the referendum disliked the eu and would be put off by arguments that the eu itself gave advantages , instead they would be more likely to respond to arguments that leaving the eu would cause economic chaos . 
  this explains the tactics of the remain side . 
  uk also is not silicon valley , ( and in fact is unfortunately far away from being close to it ) but it still is of course a very attractive destination for facebook for other reasons . 
  g20 meeting did not specify what level of corporate tax rate g20 members should have . 
  so uk can have any level of corporate tax rates and still be in compliance with the political commitment in the g20 meeting . 
  uk corporation tax is a matter for the uk government answerable to the uk electorate . 
  it is not a matter for schaueble , he should focus on german corporate tax and what german tax payers and voters want . 
  the reality is that fillon , were he to become french president , would also be more or less on merkel 's page , just less so than juppe would be . 
  i would imagine that most french people are n't that fussed about whether or not their next president is on the same page as merkel , they probably prefer that he is on the same page as them . 
  honestly , hollande has not really been a very good partner from merkel 's perspective . 
  she had a much better working relationship with sarko . 
   sch\u00e4ulbe simply reminded that uk is still bound by what was agreed at the g20 meeting something it did using its sovereignty g20 agreements represent a political commitment rather than a legally binding commitment . 
  uk will likely continue to keep to this political commitment to transparency and base erosion and profit sharing , but the uk will also likely reduce corporate tax ( and undercut the eu ) on that which is what annoys schaeuble but is nothing to do with the g20 meeting . 
  the level of uk corporate tax is obviously none of schaeble 's business , just as the level of german corporate tax is none of uk politicians ' business . 
   their expectation is that skilled people will continue coming to the uk . 
  everyone thinks this . 
   it seems they are certain that their 0 % tax regime will continue after brexit . 
  every single statement made by the british government recently has indicated that the uk aims to be the lowest taxing large economy in the world . 
  so i guess facebook believe this ... 
  most brits like thatcher . 
  that is why she was so successful in elections . 
  no , may is not far right . 
  they do n't have any coherent principles . 
  it does not make sense to value success of the uk simply by reference to the value of the pound . 
  other factors should also be considered . 
  the work has begun .
