  this gives me massive confidence in relation to polish people and the euro . 
   yes some . 
  and what is your estimate how many out of 10mln voters know something about macro economics ? 
  the experts who know about macro economics designed the eurozone system without putting in place a fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  their system failed . 
  it is time to stop trusting them . 
   it benefits no one but treaties are treaties . 
  if you 're in the eu you are also in the monetary union . 
  if you want to stay in the eu for the benefits but want to avoid the monetary union because you think it 's harmful to your national interest you are a parasite member . 
  the euro would be a burden for poland . 
  it makes no sense for them to inflict this upon themselves . 
  why would you want them to do this ? 
  just be happy that italy gets all the benefits from the euro !, 
   personally i think that ecb and commission should start proceedings against sweden on not joining the currency union . 
  lol . 
  there would n't be enough popcorn in the world to watch that show . 
  can you imagine , the eu taking sweden to court , despite the fact that the swedish people voted against joining the euro ?!, 
  as ever , euphiles express a distain for referendums ... 
   why ? 
  some things are just complicated and require expert knowledge . 
  in all honesty i might not be able to grasp all the details of the discussion myself without putting lot of effort into preparing . 
  and based on my experience i am sure very few people will do that . 
  this is an argument for not having elections at all . 
  the burden and benefit of quotas falls on the member states , so it should be those parliaments which make the decision on how many asylum seekers to accept . 
  the moral of this story is not to give any more power to the european parliament , but to trust national democracies and national parliaments . 
  since then there has been an ongoing crisis with the eurozone . 
  obviously , the people should be asked again in light of this new information . 
  since the athens treaty , the facts have changed as the euro has been a disaster . 
  it would be good for poland to have a proper debate and referendum , reflecting the new facts . 
  it does n't matter that they already signed up to the euro . 
  sweden was already obliged to join the euro before their referendum . 
  yes , but this did not stop sweden having a referendum ( effectively closing the question ) . 
  thus it should n't stop poland either . 
  of course poland can have a referendum on joining the euro . 
  this is exactly what sweden did . 
  the swedish people made the decision not to join the euro . 
  i think we should trust the polish people to make this decision too . 
  they wo n't go down again until the other parties copy their immigration stance . 
   the media is very much influenced by the anglophone media . 
  sounds like your media needs to man up . 
   eu army , safe-zones , donate construction materials , food and everything else they need there . 
  this is the only thing you can get the whole of eu to support . 
  uk vetoes eu army . 
  rest of the stuff it agrees to . 
  ( trust the uk on this one please . 
  uk was also proved right on euro and schengen . ), 
   brilliant point . 
  the same reason why people in the west do n't look at russia the way eastern europoors do . 
  true , we in the uk do n't really worry about russia invading . 
  however , i personally think that the uk needs to be clear with eastern europoors that our nato commitment is a serious one , we will keep the nuclear deterrent and keep spending 2 % of our gdp on our military and that we will stay hawkish with russia when need be . 
   i notice that you do n't tell off the ` right wing ' side about their nastiness like you 're doing here , which i would hazard is considerably more toxic than the ` left ' sides . 
  if i see full on racist stuff i downvote and report . 
  you 're right i could tell off lazy or nasty right-wing thinking more often !, 
  many thanks for your updates , very interesting to read . 
  sometimes people die in riots . 
   any lack of decision making power can be traced back to the eu giving veto power to states . 
  you 're getting this the wrong way round . 
  the eu did n't give veto power to the nations . 
  the nations just did n't relinquish it . 
   so the problem will persist if we take the nation-states route . 
  which problems are you talking about ? 
  all the problems have been caused by the eu . 
   again , this is n't different at all from a situation where all uk counties would have veto powers . 
  the same mess would result . 
  refugees in the uk are n't limited to being in one part of the uk though . 
  there are n't quotas . 
  the uk as a whole accepts them . 
   that 's not a fact , that 's an opinion . 
  and a counterproductive one , i might say , because it encourages asylum seekers to shop around in europe , going from country to country until they luck out and are admitted . 
  not really . 
  if eu countries took the uk position and took refugees directly from refugee camps near syria , nobody would be shopping around . 
   we also could pool resources for border control , instead of shoving it off on the border states and then complaining they 're overwhelmed . 
  the one country that is making an effort with border control has weirdly been massively criticised by its partners . 
   there definitely is , as the quota 's primarily pertain to processing asylum seekers primarily , and secondarily supporting them as legal residents - if necessary . 
  these obligations fall on the nation . 
  it should be the nation that makes a decision in relation to obligations that fall on it . 
   finally , let me also point out the raging hypocrisy of eastern european countries who are now posing as poor and helpless victims who ca n't possibly afford refugee caretaking , while greece has been getting truckloads of refugees and is poorer than several of those states . 
  greece is a transit country in this debate . 
  though i agree , they have been hugely harmed by the eu in many ways . 
   if we needed clowns , we could hire cheaper ones . 
  you can hire a clown but you ca n't hire a sense of humour . 
  telegraph has a live stream . 
  no violence at the moment in my picture , thankfully . 
   i am just waitng for the first refugee will die on the hungarian-serbian border . 
  the drama will be huge i 'm just watching the live coverage . 
  unfortunately the level of violence is such that a death might well occur today . 
   knowledge economies kind of rely on already established institutions . 
  the uk has a lot of labs , prestigious universities and so on , even more so on the financial sector whereas portugal does not and is undergoing massive brain drain to boot . 
  i think it is a terrible shame that portugal is experiencing such a brain drain , especially as anglo-portugese alliance has been a thing since medieval times . 
  however , i think portugal can turn things around with the correct decisions . 
  history is not finished . 
  you guys can sort yourselves out . 
   but most east europeans are just racists and dont like other ethnicities or religions . 
  those slavs , eh ? 
  they are so different from us anglo-saxons and you ayrans ... 
   most european countries probably wo n't have the capability or natural resources to compete with newly developed countries and will likely suffer a loss in quality of life . 
  this might not apply to the bigger european countries like the uk or germany but for us living in the poorer european ones it would very likely become a concern . 
  i do n't think this is the case . 
  the uk is n't really great for natural resources either . 
  the trick is for the economy to become a `` knowledge economy '' and sell services .
