  you 'd be very welcome and i hope our two countries will be collaborating to the fullest extent possible in full friendship over the coming years , respecting our shared history and also our differences . 
   meanwhile , the uk appears determined to launch head over into a race to the bottom on corporate taxes and social services . 
  or do you mean to say that if you sticking your head far enough into the bottom , you 'll come out at the top ? 
  the aim of taxation is not to tax as much as possible . 
  the aim of taxation is to tax as little as possible to maintain a functioning state . 
   it 's a good thing the eu is used to dealing with dumping . 
  if we can handle chinese dumping , we 'll be able to handle british social and tax dumping . 
  i 'm not sure how the eu is going to deal with the uk 's tax system ( obviously it is for the uk parliament to decide on our tax levels ) when the eu can not even agree on minimum tax levels for eu countries . 
   and then there is on the other hand a seething discontent with some of our neighbors ' comments/actions/notions that could lead to deepened anger and therefore a growing eu-scepticism . 
  this seething discontent is not going to go away , it is going to increase . 
  it is impossible to build a secure eu when the foundations of the eu , the people , are seething with anger . 
  this is one of the reasons that i voted to leave the eu , the project just does not look stable . 
  but it is not for brits to tell germans what they should do next , that is a decision for you to make with your own democracy . 
  we should simply focus on what our own role in the world should be , governing ourselves liberally and trading peacefully with our friends and allies across the globe . 
   yes , with the basic rules of the wto that are shitty . 
  they are not that shitty . 
  the eu , if it is committed to free trade , can put in place a regime whereby it puts no tariffs on imports from the uk . 
  the uk is bound not to put tariffs on imports from the eu . 
  tariffs are madness . 
   no need to read any further . 
  you should reflect upon it . 
  you should try and understand why the single market is not helping trade . 
  why unemployment is so high in much of the eu , why so many eu economies are struggling . 
   confirmed : you do n't know what passporting rights are , and do n't understand the consequences of losing them . 
  the uk operates a system whereby almost anyone in the world can access the uk financial markets because the uk is committed to free trade . 
  the uk is hardly going to stop french banks lending in london or french companies listing on the london stock exchange or french companies borrowing from a consortium of global banks via london . 
  is the eu really going to try and stop that happening ? 
  the eu is not that insane . 
   there is a difference between a free-trade deal like the ttip and a trade deal we already have with the us through the wto , like the eu -- us open skies agreement . 
  these wto agreements took decades to be put in place , but why am i surprised you 're clueless about that ? 
  the uk is still going to be in the wto . 
  french people are still going to be able to buy things from the uk once we leave the eu . 
  trade is going to continue . 
   so ... you want to leave the eu and the single market , the latter sole purpose being to maximise free trade through common regulations , but somehow we are not committed to free trade ? 
  i really feel for all the brits who tried to reason with brexiters , the level of stupidity is staggerring . 
  the single market does not increase trade . 
  it is there to increase political integration . 
  nations in the single market do not grow economically or do more trade than nations that are not in the single market . 
  with each year that passes the proportion of uk trade with the single market decreases . 
  the uk could really embrace free trade by eliminating tariffs completely ( the eu is not committed to this , there are still tariffs on many third country materials ) and put in place regulation saying that anything that can be sold legally anywhere in the world can also be sold legally in the uk ( in the absence of good arguments to the contrary ) . 
   then there are 2 options , you 're either a lier or a terrible lawyer . 
  no - i actually understand what passporting involves . 
  the city of london is a global financial centre . 
  we deal with counterparties from all over the world . 
   my response was ( and i think that i speak for a lot of people of my generation ) that we do not want to be in that position . 
  we do n't want to lead or to impose . 
  i am very aware of this . 
  it is a terrible position to be in . 
  i am glad the uk is not in this position . 
  however , you need to be realistic : you are in the position where the future of the eurozone depends on your country , whether you like it or not . 
  the current german position seems to be to do nothing and just postpone decisions . 
  this approach will not make the problems go away . 
  at some stage you will have to make some serious choices . 
   are you aware of the fact we have trade deals with these countries that took years to become reality ? 
  the eu does not have free trade deals with usa , new zealand or japan in place . 
  yet trade happens . 
   are you aware that if the uk trades with the eu under basic wto rules it will get completely economically crushed ? 
  not really . 
  the uk will keep on importing stuff from the eu because the uk is committed to free trade . 
  i would be surprised if the eu wanted to harm eu consumers of uk products . 
  but the very fact that the eu is so full of people like you who are not committed to free trade is exactly why the uk needed to leave . 
   you apparently do n't know what passporting rights are , it 's pointless to talk with you . 
  i do know what passporting rights are . 
  i am a lawyer working in financial services . 
   but then no trade with the single market since you do n't want to adopt our regulations . 
  companies all over the world trade with the single market but are not in it . 
  are you aware of this fact ? 
  i just bought a computer from the usa , wine from new zealand and i am just about to sell legal services to japan . 
  none of these are in the single market . 
   also regarding regulation of financial services , do n't expect to be the eu finance capital once you 're out , it wo n't happen , especially if you 're not even in the single market . 
  the eu thinks of london as being the eu financial capital . 
  it is n't . 
  it is a global financial centre . 
  finance is not european , it is global . 
  french banks do n't just lend in the eu , they lend globally . 
  german companies do n't just borrow from the eu , they borrow globally . 
  to access global finance , they use a global financial centre . 
  which one are they going to use if they stop using london ? 
  i agree , it clearly is not germany that caused the mess any more than the rest of the countries that created the eurozone . 
  however , germany has a unique ability to solve the mess , by confirming that germany is fully committed to the eurozone becoming a transfer union with the political structures necessary to underpin it . 
  no other country can do this . 
   honestly , can that ill-feeling get any higher ? 
  currently we are in a period of economic growth , but there is every chance of recessions coming in the next couple of years . 
  once that recession comes , it will likely impact different parts of the eurozone in different ways and that will inevitably lead to increased ill-feeling . 
  the uk should have the ability to re-write the full spectrum of regulation covering the single market . 
  i can speak with confidence about regulation covering financial services , but i would be surprised if the issues in other fields are significantly different . 
   you make it sound as if germany is responsible for the greek financial crisis , while it was mainly the usa and their unregulated finance system that brought the economy down . 
  the cause of the eurozone crisis is of course the fact that you have monetary union for vastly different economies without a transfer union or a true political union . 
  the eurozone crisis would have happened even if there had never been any dodgy mortgage-backed bonds in the us . 
  it is time to stop blaming the us . 
  if you misdiagnose the cause of your problems , you will never put in place the correct solutions . 
   france wanted the euro in order to keep the german economy in check . 
  did n't work out too well for them did it . 
   as long as you are part of the single market you ca n't control immigration of eu/eea/switzerland citizens . 
  and you ca n't enact product safety standards that are lower than the minimum eu safety rules . 
  in some areas the uk will , once we leave the single market , put in place a more stringent regulatory framework , in others a looser one . 
  there are many reasons why the uk and the eu should have different regulation : - we have a totally different legal system - the eu 's legislative process is far removed from the citizen , little understood and open to lobbying - the eu 's legislative process is such that it takes a long time to overturn poor regulation - regulation is not merely some neutral technocratic thing , but goes to the very heart of our democracies - in a fast changing world regulators inevitably make mistakes and do not reach a regulatory optimum . 
  with the uk and the eu having different regulations , it will be easier for policy-makers to compare the impact of different regulations and determine the extent to which regulatory choices have been successful - this will enhance competition between the uk and the eu and begin a race to the top . 
   and what do you gain from leaving the single market exactly ? 
  the ability to change regulation .
