  hong kong is miles ahead of shanghai and will likely stay so . 
  singapore is a far better prospect than shanhai and may well pull ahead of hong kong . 
  one of the interesting questions about frankfurt is why it is not currently doing better than it is doing . 
  it has the advantages that you mention already , yet it does n't seem to be catching up with london . 
  this fact gives me some comfort that london will retain the crown ... 
  the comments section of le figaro is basically the same as the comments section of the telegraph ... 
  i also understand that the comment section of le figaro is heavily moderated , so i can only wonder what gets deleted ... 
   but i do n't know when `` we ca n't make it perfect . 
  abandon it . '', 
  got into the british psyche . 
  a decision to leave is not based on whether or not it can be made perfect . 
  it is to be based on which is the best alternative , staying in or leaving , using reasonable assumptions about what we can achieve with noth options . 
  i 'm not a defeatest . 
  i think the uk would have a huge amount of work to do to make a brexit succeed . 
  i think it can do this . 
   unfortunately the right wing media have gotten so much nativism into people 's minds that they do n't look beyond `` we dont want immigrants '' . 
  as you know , i am very pro immigration into the uk and fully expect that if the uk were to leave the eu it would continue to be a destination of choice for many immigrants , and welcome them , in the same way that the rest of the anglosphere , canada , usa , australia etc do , all without being in the eu . 
   in your article it even states that frankfurt is a competitor of london . 
  if they were that far off there would be no competition . 
  i agree that frankfurt is a competitor of london . 
  but far less than new york , singarpore and hong kong are . 
  frankfurt is a competitor with london to the same extent that paris , zurich , riyad , dublin , luxembourg etc are . 
  currently , they are in an entirely different league . 
  obviously , this could change in the future , but as of now they are in quite different positions . 
  to give you a straight answer , i think the type of reform that the eu would need for me to vote to stay in is close to impossible . 
  so , i am just being realistic . 
   the article this thread is commenting on , for example the article in this thread is not arguing that we should not leave the eu . 
  it points out that the economic arguments are very finely balanced . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , norway 's postion with regards to the eu will become more interesting . 
  this is why norwegians are looking closely at the brexit debate . 
   you \u00b4 ve got ta be kidding me . 
  you know how many banks are london based that will move if britain leaves the eu ? 
  whether or not they will want to move ( and which operations they move and where they move them to ) will depend on a massive multiplicty of factors which are as of yet unknowable . 
  i agree it is a consideration . 
  but i think it is simplistic to assume that they would move just because of a brexit . 
  there are many financial centres in the world that are not in the eu ( singapore , hong kong , new york , zurich ) . 
   you seem to think the uk could leave the eu but patch the economic hole by allying closely with other ( semi ) independent economies like norway ? 
  or i am misunderstanding what you said due to my poor english language level ? 
  no , and apoligies if i am not being clear . 
  the uk when it leaves the eu will need a new relationship with the reu . 
  what that relationship looks like is a question for negotiation . 
  it might well be the case that this new relationship is something that norway ( and switzerland , and turkey , and potentially denmark and sweden ) will want too and it might well be in british interests to try for this . 
  it might well also be in the reu 's interests , enabling the eurozone to pursue fuller and deeper integration necessary for its survival , leaving the stragglers behind . 
   it seems to me that an educated workforce , stability and the presence of other financial institutions is the key . 
  these are all very important things . 
  there are other important things too and overall the analysis becomes very complex . 
  i think other things like general competitiveness ( labour laws , taxation , business culture and regulatory environment ) , legal system , corruption perception , language , timezone , market access and infrastructure , quality of life , trasport systems all matter too . 
   you are the most pro-ukip person here , i 'm pretty sure . 
  just to clarify , i am not so much pro-ukip as convinced that it is in the uk 's interests to leave the eu . 
  i would happily vote for one of the labour mps that wants a brexit ( kate hoey , gisela stuart , frank field , simon danczuk ) or one the conservative mps that wants a brexit ( jacob rees-mogg , pritti patel , peter bone , austin mitchel ) . 
  after the general election , there may well be a re-alignment of british politics and i will re-align with it . 
   your initial comment stated frankfurt is way behind london in terms of finance when it 's not . 
  it might not be on par yet but it 's not as far behind as you would like it to be . 
  [ there are many studies showing london is far ahead of frankfurt in terms of finance . 
  there are no studies showing frankfurt being close to london . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_centre )  not because people would have to learn german ( germany is at the top of immigration if i recall correctly ) , or cope with culture . 
  this is a factor for employees . 
  this is why , for example , french people who want to work in finance all go to london rather than frankfurt . 
  they speak english , but not german . 
   and if you really think a company will willingly re-locate to a place where they have to pay more in salaries i have no idea what to tell you anymore . 
  companies have to trade off salaries with expertise . 
  not many employees are going to relocate from london to frankfurt willingly for a pay cut ,  the point is frankfurt caught up immensely and they are still catching up any articles or studies to back up this point ? 
  the global financial centres index shows london gaining points and frankfurt losing points . 
  i agree with your points about tax/running costs , labour laws and so forth . 
  however , corporates also have to decide location on the basis of where they can hire the right people . 
  to hire the right people in frankfurt compared to london , frankfurt would really need to pay over the odds . 
  an employer does not care if they employee can see a ballet . 
  but the employee does care , which forces an employer to consider this type of thing . 
   because no one in germany speaks english at all yeah . 
  obviously , most people in german speak some english . 
  but many non-german people might not speak german but do speak english and this fact impacts their choice of where they want to live . 
  it is hard to participate fully in frankfurt life without speaking german . 
   because high salaries is exactly what a company is shooting for . 
  high salaries are what many finance professionals shoot for ,  because culture absolutely matters to a bank . 
  also implying germany does n't have cultural opportunities . 
  germany has a wonderful culture that i love . 
  however , using culture in its widest terms , frankfurt is not currently close to london . 
  london is simply a global mega city , with 1,000 s of people arriving every day to live from across the globe . 
  frankfurt is not even the most desirable city in terms of culture in germany . 
  it is far smaller than london and has nice things like opera , but on sundays it is basically closed . 
  it is a nice provincial german city . 
  this is not what lots of global finance professionals are looking for . 
   your arguments are invalid . 
  are you downvoting all my comments ? 
  your arguments are invalid . 
  a lot of the butthurt will be on r/europe , as the downvotes on this thread show !, 
  the trade deals will be tricky and the uk should be prepared for them to be hostile . 
  though this is not , of itself , a reason not to brexit . 
  thanks . 
  neither of these indices place frankfurt near london . 
  the first index , for example , places frankfurt in 19th place , behind for example luxembourg and way behind zurich and geneva , other financial centres that are within europe but not in the eu . 
  it is interesting that the four leading financial centres in that study all use the english language and english law ( or derivatives thereof ) . 
  these things are massive advantages in terms of finance . 
   and the german government has been trying to encourage them for years . 
  and yet , they have n't gone . 
  the professionals operating in this space simply prefer london to frankfurt for a whole variety of reasons , including salary , english language , london cultural opportunities and so forth . 
  i agree , norwegians do seem to be happy with the current option . 
  like them , i would prefer their current arrangement to being in the eu . 
  however , the idea that a brexit would not impact norway 's eu relations strikes me as wrong . 
  norwegians are following the brexit debate closely precisely because of this .
