  one is better than none i guess . 
   what the eu wants is to follow its relevant treaties and adapt to the uk , but it will be extremely hard considering the uk 's position . 
  ireland needs access to northern ireland , yet spain and portugal want gibraltar gone , the netherlands is against all tax havens ... you are negotiating with 27 different countries at once . 
  ok , then maybe there wo n't be a deal . 
  no worries . 
  i hope your union works out fantastic , and best of luck with it . 
   imagine having uk elections next month , and the results are ok , i would n't like what you describe for the uk . 
  however , my feeling was that the netherlands and the uk have different expectations for their parliaments . 
  but your situation does seem a bit crazy , i agree . 
  the only thing i would add is that when belgium had no government for a year and when spain seemed to have repeat elections without any stable government forming , nothing bad seemed to happen . 
  you might even take courage from brexit - we voted to leave the eu against advice from everyone in the world including our own government which had no plan of what to do . 
  and nothing bad happened at all - keep calm and carry on shopping . 
   again , why is it that the uk voted to stay before , and also why is it that the uk is n't exactly the shining beacon of democracy ? 
  we voted to stay before when we had less experience of being in the eu and did not really know what it was like . 
  now we know so we changed our minds . 
  also , the uk is a good example for democracy !, 
  we are respected for our institutions around the world . 
   furthermore , what would you like to say to other , democratic countries with multiple identities , such as spain , germany , the netherlands , belgium , and even romania ? 
  i love these countries . 
   you mention a lot of factors that no longer are under the uk 's control , and some that are depending on the eu not one of the things i mentioned depends on the eu . 
   okay , let 's go with that , you will basically have the same access to europe 's financial markets as malaysia . 
  no , the same as singapore , hong kong and new york . 
  which are global financial centre . 
   the uk did willingly accept and agree with these , and now to change its mind just proves its unreliability . 
  no , it just proves that we respect democracy . 
   i study economic and law of europe , the uk can not continue a lot of its processes ( especially the biggest ones related to europe and the us ) that 's great , i am a lawyer . 
  the key for the success of the city is for the uk to have a stable democracy with low taxation , clear laws and the common law , the global language , well-respected regulators , openness to innovation . 
  we have all of these . 
   not to mention the other several infractions that you keep ignoring in my comments that are both eu related as well as non-eu related ( like a complete u-turn on the primordial articles of the good friday agreement ) . 
  you have not mentioned a specific infraction at all . 
  the uk and ireland remain committed to the principles of the good friday agreement . 
   so basically instead of stating this and making brexit a non-inflammatory cause , your government opted out for scapegoating multiple eu countries , the eu itself , theresa even made a mockery of herself at an official dinner and at the last european council meeting ( she 's a meme in erasmus and my university now ) , not to mention bojo 's trip to italy , and even david davis forgetting that ireland declared independence ... 
  brilliant eh ? 
  uk did not forget that ireland is independent . 
  who cares about dinners and her being a meme ? 
   i am half portuguese that is fantastic , i like you even more now . 
  oldest alliance with the uk . 
   and half french that is great , we have a fantastic entente with your country . 
   it also made severe critical comments about france and its management of the calais even though france specifically lets the uk control the border over there so again , more scapegoating . 
  on the calais situation , the good news is that france has now tried to clear up the jungle , which is fantastic news . 
   we have those in the eu . 
  plus good luck with fixing any issues with a tumbling circus government who generates r/nottheonion type events more often than anyone in the eu ( it 's as if it 's in competition with the us at times ) i am delighted you are enjoying the entertainment !, 
  also uk has good economic growth and low unemployment , so i guess we are both happy with brexit . 
   it 's all wrapped up in easily digestible graphs even a brit could follow !, 
  i had not realised about that   seems to be working out great for them yeah . 
  it is n't working out for them , no , but if you basically have a system in which every single dutch person seems to have their own political party for all kinds of obscure and niche interests , do n't be surprised when you end up with a lot of political parties and each one has few seats . 
  ok - i would love to able to read dutch , but regrettably i ca n't !, 
   what i do n't understand is how our christian-democrats ( cda ) shifted so much to the right they 've pretty much become a christian vvd . 
  voters . 
   we 're in big trouble , i 'm a bit scared . 
  out of interest , why are you scared about this ? 
  what are predicting the outcome to be of a new election ? 
  ( i wonder though if a coalition will be possible in the end . ), 
   you are n't in schengen what borders are you talking about then ? 
  the border with spain ? 
  i did n't mention the word borders . 
  you mentioned it . 
   but why would the eu ever grant the citizens of a country that does not contribute to the eu any citizenship ? 
  i have not asked the eu to do this . 
  i do n't care what you do about this . 
   yet already voted for a non-unionist party for the same time , as well as constantly calling for answers regarding clarification on the good friday agreements ( that can not be followed because of the uk ) as well as very sadistic questions over market dependance on roi and access to that market . 
  on the streets of northern ireland there is peace . 
  people make decisions by voting and we can be glad of that . 
   it is not at all necessary for the eu to have an fta with the uk , plus it requires a unanimous agreement of all member states , and portugal , spain , france , and the netherlands already stated that they will not accept at all a brexit deal if the tax haven and smuggling central that is gibraltar is not dealt with properly . 
  uk does not control gibralarian taxes . 
  that is a matter for the gibraltarian parliament and gibraltarian democracy . 
  obviously , the uk will respect the wishes of the gibraltarians here . 
  if eu does not want a fta with the uk , so be it . 
   not to mention , the uk already is slyly trying to get away from multiple obligations it signed and ratified and agreed to from 1973 to 2009 . 
  so again , the uk is trying to basically get what ? 
  not really . 
  read the clear statements from the uk government on this . 
   it is not successful for the eu to grant the uk an fta considering how the uk has a huge tax haven right there in the mediterranean , we have tax havens all over the world , gibraltar is not even a good one . 
  look at jersey , guernsey , isle of man , bermuda , cayman islands , british virgin islands . 
  but also look at ireland , cyprus , malta , lichtenstein , luxembourg and - dare i say it - look at the netherlands !, 
   what does the uk win with an fta ? 
  being treated like other countries , like south korea ... 
  impressive . 
  this is what we want . 
  but you also want this to , because that way you can get on with life without us !, 
  we are both happy about this . 
   they depend on passporting rights which require assimilation to the internal market ( or any market of the uk 's choosing ) thus decimating london 's economy . 
  without wishing to be rude here , i am going to guess you do n't work in financial services ? 
   but if it is your wish to isolate yourselves uk is not isolated . 
  uk is host to the most globalised city in the world . 
  we are home to the global language . 
  the global financial centre . 
  we export huge amounts of culture ( football , music , tv , films around the whole globe - shame about our food lol ) . 
  we give 0.7 % of gdp in international aid , one of few countries . 
  we give 2 % of gdp to nato , the key military alliance in the world . 
  we are a permanent member of the unsc . 
  a founding member of the wto , world bank , imf . 
  a member of the g7 , g20 , commonwealth . 
  we participate in most international sporting events ( to varying success lol ) . 
  we have one of the most respected diplomatic services in the world and a network of allies across the globe - including your country . 
  if you look at the current heads of state or government across the globe , more than 10 % of them were educated in the uk . 
  it is irrational to say that the uk is isolated . 
   so the uk will gravely degrade its status as a trading hub , which is a considerable portion of its gdp , it also is destroying its financial passporting rights with all of europe and adjacent territories , thus basically setting the city 's economy on fire ... 
  the city 's economy is not on fire . 
  financial passporting rights are not that important .
