  citation needed . 
  vote leave were clear that they preferred the uk leaving the single market . 
  the government 's position was clear that if we voted to leave , we would put at risk our place in the single market . 
  i voted leave wanting the uk to leave the single market . 
  polling currently shows that a majority of british people want to leave the single market . 
  polling even shows that a majority of people who voted remain think that may 's vision of brexit respects the result . 
   why do n't they just rule it out as too neglectible to even consider such an important task as to leave the eu ? 
  if we are just going to ignore people 's votes , there is no point pretending to have a democracy . 
  now it 's just the choice between pissing off 48 % or 52 % of the people a majority of people who voted remain think that may 's plans for brexit respect the referendum result . 
   instead she 's free to pander to the extreme . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not extreme . 
   instead she 's tried to make out she 's above the law no she did n't . 
  she did not agree what the law said . 
  now the court have said what the law said . 
  now she is complying with that . 
  not the irish !, 
  certo !, 
  good moaning !, 
   wow , it looks like it 's seriously going to happen : i think f4 is a good idea , but i think it is not priority for uk government right now , which is a shame . 
  depending on how the negotiations go with eu and us ( seems like uk now wants to do both at once ) it could materialise ... 
   for the rest of / r/europe , you 're vastly overestimating the amount of fucks given . 
  in the immediate aftermath of the referendum there were constant posts on here about how the uk would change its mind . 
   that not many british people care about the pink map , which is totally a very important part of portuguese history . 
  the pink map issue had a massive impact on portuguese history , but ended up not making very much difference to the uk at all , so we tend not to study it as much as you . 
  but i agree , we did sort of screw you big time and we are sorry about that . 
  it is time for the uk to do something nice for portugal again i think . 
  ( we need friends at the moment ! ), 
  lol !, 
  i agree with you on this . 
  ( i think theresa may is going to say to donald trump on friday that sanctions should not be dropped on russia , but we will see what happens . ), 
   it just reminds me too much of yugoslavia in '90 i agree that there are certain parallels with the end of yugoslavia and that is hard to really see with the eu what it is that binds the people together and really answer the question - what is the eu for ? 
   world is changing , if trump - putin alliance happens , it will be the end of eu . 
  such alliance will benefit uk , but eu is fucked in a long run . 
  uk is not going to want to be allied to putin and will not really want a us that is allied to putin ( and this is one of the reasons why it was crucial for uk that may goes to usa as soon as possible to make certain joint statements with usa ) . 
  but i agree that eu is totally fucked by trump whereas uk is on balance helped by him . 
  and the world has definitely changed ... 
   you just made that up , did n't you ? 
  no , there were many many posts in the immediate aftermath of the referendum indicating that people did not think that the uk would leave the eu . 
  i do think that the uk should rejoin efta . 
   the european union court of justice , the only entity they have access to challenge those who rule over them , we also have courts in the uk and the limits of executive power subject to courts have 100s of years of precedent . 
   so uk abysmal productivity rates or uk inequality is not something bad ? 
  uk low productivity is bad ( and politicians must answer for that ) but brexit is not bad . 
  cameron does have some explaining to do about productivity , but that does not mean he has to apologise about brexit . 
   so cameron did n't have an impact on the nhs for example ? 
  his only bit of policy was the referendum right ? 
  his policies do have an impact on the nhs and i agree that the nhs needs reform . 
   but the only thing you turn the conversation about is friggin the eu . 
  i did n't turn the conversation to the eu , it is the subject of this thread , the linked article , the post by / u/finndacool which you responded to . 
  oh do n't worry !, 
  i actually do n't think anything bad of the irish or think that you look bad ... !, 
  as someone with irish grandparents i know that the irish relationship with brits is of course a complex one and brexit is another lawyer of complexity upon the rest of the complexity . 
  brexit not only asks existential questions of brits but also asks existential questions of the irish too . 
  comments like `` the 12th is a good bit off yet '' are just outward expressions of these questions ... 
   or the rising inequality inequality in the uk has actually been falling over the last few years . 
   you 're a bit too oversensitive . 
  i simply found / u/finndacool 's comment charmingly quaint . 
  / u/finndacool does not really have balanced opinions . 
  he calls brexit `` english ultranationalism '' . 
   so people still were n't happy . 
  people were n't happy with the eu , that is true . 
  i have not seen any polling that suggests that british people are less happy generally than people in other western nations . 
  uk , france , other nations all have various economic and social problems , but the uk is not some kind of outlier here . 
   and i also find it funny that during all this period , i have heard very few british politicians admitting their own fault . 
  there is no point talking about fault , because nothing bad has happened . 
  the uk voting to leave the eu is a good thing for us , not a bad thing . 
  we should be talking about who gets the credit . 
  cameron did not think he fucked up , he thought he was right to have the referendum and i agree with him . 
  i 'm not pretending not to be british . 
  but really to try and connect wanting to visit cousins in ireland to wanting to attend a 12 july march is really ridiculous . 
   but i 'd have no hesitation using `` old '' or `` senior '' to describe a cohort of voters . 
  to the extent that you are simply making factual statements about voter demographics , i agree that this is a completely fair part of analysis . 
  but the post i responded to was replete with expressions like `` grumpy old men '' and `` the old and the ignorant '' and `` english nationalist ideals '' which really are unbalanced . 
  there has also been a tendency among some commentators to imply that an older voter is less legitimate than a younger voter ( and in my mind that is an argument that undermines the principle of the universal franchise ) because they will have less long to live with their decision . 
  [ see this article for example . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/eu-referendum-results-age-data-young_uk_576cd7d6e4b0232d331dac8f ) i find this attitude of condemning older voters really repugnant , just as i find the anger at poorer voters ( who voted largely for brexit ) very ugly . 
  actually , i have many arguments . 
  i agree , we do drink huge amounts in all kinds of locations !, 
   it would only be fair to hold another referendum in 10 years , to see if maybe those who want to join the eu have the majority , no ? 
  i am very comfortable with referendums on questions of constitutional importance . 
  if a party committed to a referendum can win a general election in the uk , then of course they should legislate to have a referendum though you should not believe that somehow demographics is destiny . 
  people change their minds . 
  millions of people who voted leave in 2016 had voted remain in 1975 . 
  do n't assume that remainers will continue to want to be in the eu ( most polling data indicates that even among those people who voted remain in june , many of them have negative feelings about the eu ) . 
  i suspect that the uk will start showing similar figures to iceland , norway and switzerland eventually . 
  also , rejoining would mean committing to the euro ( which is very unpopular ) . 
  but , by all means , if the people want a referendum they should have one . 
   they are tired of being called `` old and ignorant '' and various other labels that you slap on them . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  when you call people `` old and ignorant '' it sort of simply shows that you are not capable of actually debating the underlying issues . 
  it is simply a tactic used to try and delegitimise a legitimate opinion . 
  rather than debate eu membership on its actual merits , it is easier simply to condemn people with a different opinion . 
  i agree that there is a risk that the eu doubles down but i think that sensible voices will prevail . 
  [ in fact , there was an interesting debate on this between the dutch pm and the president of the european parliament in davos which set out the current choices facing the eu . 
  ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/euro-finance/news/gloves-off-between-rutte-and-schulz-in-front-of-davos-elite/?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_campaign=echobox&amp;utm_source=twitter&amp;utm_term=autofeed ) we will see what happens . 
   that 's 27 % for , ( many swayed with guaranteed promises of access to the eu common market , no currency devaluation and 350 million a week in health services ) 73 % of the population have expressed no desire to be robbed of eu empowerment , have expressly denied the proposal or were not afforded the choice at all . 
  this is basically fake statistics . 
  of course children aged five years old did not vote in the referendum : in no country in the world are children aged five part of the franchise . 
  it is meaningless to somehow claim that this is a relevant number in this context . 
  the fact is that in a free and fair election on a high turn out a majority of brits voted to leave . 
   i heard that bitchslap from across france .
