  the empire was just as much scottish as it was english . 
  scotland wanted union with england more than england wanted it . 
  forget what about it ? 
  i 've not forgotten about the rebate . 
  it is an essential mechanism to ensure that the uk and france , who have roughly similar sized economies , have equivalent net contributions to the eu . 
  even with the rebate the uk are still net contributors . 
   i would be totally on board with that ( especially if we got preferential work-visa deals ) , but i think most of my countrymen would n't . 
  :( you have a deal . 
  there are many usanians living in the uk that i am kind of assuming that it is relatively easy for you to work here . 
  i think the main problem that usanians find is that if you work in the uk you become subject to both uk tax laws and also us tax laws . 
  the uk is already an expensive place to be ... 
  it 's an interesting idea , but is it going to possible to change telco regulation in this way , without the consent of the uk government ( and presumably those other governments that also have extensive espionnage programmes , e.g. 
  the french government ) ?!, 
  i think this legislation would encounter political problems ( long before the legal problems arise ... ), 
  dude , we might just allow you to join the commonwealth if you ask nicely . 
  this is our final offer . 
   us is insolvent , there \u00b4 s no way it will ever pay his massive debt the u.s. does n't really need to pay its debts for the while though . 
  the u.s. can generally borrow more money ( as investors always seem happy to lend the u.s. more debt ) . 
  there are process issues involved with the u.s. raising its legal debt threshold , but they can be solved if the political will is there . 
  also , the u.s. issues most of its debt in dollars . 
  the u.s. can always just print more dollars . 
  so it is n't really a question for solvency for the u.s. ( in the same way it is for portugal etc ) . 
  agreed - the article itself was n't really helpful in terms of explaining ( or even describing ) unemployment in spain . 
  edit after your edit : whether you like the british press or not , the spanish economic situation ( and particularly unemployment ) is very worthy of newscoverage . 
  also , it seems odd to critcise the british press for reporting a story which has been extensively reported by the spanish press . 
  do you think that the spanish press are pathetic too ?!, 
  the article went on to say :  an estimated 13,000 people are currently out of work in el puerto de santa maria , according to local media . 
  and latest official figures show there are 4.81 million people unemployed across spain . 
  these numbers speak for themselves . 
  we 're rather keep our money too . 
   as a matter of fact the whole world ( except europe , america and australia ) kind of needs babysitting . 
  and parts of europe have only stopped needing babysitting relatively recently . 
  let 's hope they stay adult . 
  the comments section is somewhat indicative of what a significant section of the british public feel about the eu right now ... 
  many post-communist countries are ruled by the `` old guard '' . 
  perhaps it is n't true , but the perception in western europe is that poland , czech and slovakia purged their political systems of communists much more effectively than hungary did . 
   the uk contributes nothing to the eu perhaps you do n't appreciate it , but [ the uk 's pays net contributions of billions of euro to the eu every year . 
   well , it 's the same in uk . 
  it 's really not the same in the uk . 
  [ in the uk unemployment is at 7.2 % and has been falling steadily for the last couple of years . 
  more people in the uk are employed than ever before . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-26644758 ) there certainly are parts of the uk where the job market is not good , but in london and the south east we are struggling to fill vacancies . 
  [ the net inflow of migrants to the uk in the last year from the eu was 212,000 ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-26367391 ) . 
  the vast majority of these migrants will find work in the uk . 
   i had no idea things were that bad in the uk , you honestly see nothing wrong with making a distintion between white working class and non-white working class ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm going to assume that you did n't click on the links i sent you earlier . 
  one of the reasons why politicians and policy makers and sociologists sometimes need to talk about race is because often different races seem to be in different situations . 
  for example , if black people are over-represented in prison , then it is right for policy makers to think about this and talk about it . 
  or if white working class males are underachieving at school , equally it makes sense for policy makers to talk about it . 
  or if people vote differently depending on their race then this is a subject journalists can discuss . 
  personally i do n't think that the white working class in britain are affected by immigration in a different way from the black working class in britain , but i do n't know . 
  given that in relation to prison and educational attainment race does seem to be a factor , it does not strike me as inconceivable that race might also be a factor when it comes to immigration . 
  certainly to raise the discussion is not of itself racist . 
   and southern and eastern european immigrants living in the uk are uks responsability because we live in an interconnected world . 
  here i was talking about those sourthern and eastern europeans who had n't yet moved to britain but were planning to move . 
  these are the people that would be impacted . 
  i agree we live in an interconnected world , but the uk is very much part of that interconnected world . 
  the big driver for the uk to leave the eu is for the uk to be able to connect more directly with the rest of the world . 
   and visas are stupid . 
  i told you already : economy is global , capital has no borders . 
  you want as much free trade agreements with as many countries as possible , and that includes immigration . 
  people are going to migrate , defending open borders for the capital while closing them for the people is hypocresy and leads to an unstable diplomatic position . 
  i see what you are saying , that there should be no borders or visa restrictions anywhere . 
  but that is really a very minority position and not the position of any eu country . 
  there is currently no country in the world that has this position and certainly not spain . 
  i do n't think you should single out the uk here for having immigration controls . 
  every country has these . 
  perhaps you are not aware , but as i have already said , the expression `` white working class '' is used regularly in britain , and nobody thinks it necessarily has a racist connotation . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-25743035 ) are [ a few ] ( http://www.thesundaytimes.co.uk/sto/news/uk_news/education/article1384981.ece ) examples [ for you ] ( http://www.cardiff.ac.uk/socsi/research/publications/workingpapers/paper-150.html ) . 
  farage did n't make a speech about protecting the white working class . 
  that 's a straw man . 
   i agree , you 're going to do with those south and eastern european immigrants the same thing you 'd do with the immigrants of african nations , and that frequenly means being forced to claim asylum in order to be able to immigrate legally . 
  why are southern and eastern european immigrants the uk 's responsibility ? 
  surely countries like spain should be able to look after spanish people ? 
  really , why should they claim asylum unless there is genuine reason to claim asylum ? 
  surely you do n't think that the asylum system should be abused ? 
   of course , citizens from rich states are not a problem , but i 'm talking about greece , romania or spain . 
  oh , well , that 's different , i 'm sure . 
  in this respect the uk would be like spain ( and every other country in the world ) . 
  spain currently requires visas from the nationals of some countries but not others . 
  every country does this . 
  by all means criticise the uk for this , but be aware that you are criticising every country . 
  feel free to critcise the uk for having immigration controls . 
  [ but spain also has fences around it ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-26329018 ) . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it is a terrible diplomatic and economic move for the uk to control immigration when spain is also doing that . 
   of course , but i 'm not the one heralding the benefits of individual enterprise with one hand while `` protecting '' the nation needs with another . 
  liberals are a riot , i 'll give them that . 
  i think we are agreed here then . 
  we both agree that there should be trade among nations and some limits to immigration . 
  i 'm not using the word `` liberal '' any more than you are . 
   strange given that we wrote the treaty in question . 
  the echr was literally the last act of the british empire . 
  we imposed it on europe after ww2 . 
  i 'm aware of this , but i do n't think it really changes my point that there is nothing fundamentally inherent about human rights that links them to a european treaty and enforcement on a european level . 
  europeans are not somehow categorically different from the rest of humanity . 
  rights could just as well be enforced on a global level in due course . 
  or a national or a local level . 
  i do n't think the framework for protection and enforecment of rights is something that is so sacred that it should never be altered . 
  it 's a moot point .
