  i do n't think the eu will be able to just `` go on '' after a brexit . 
  eusceptic movements in the reu will receive too big of a boost . 
  very good article . 
   the reu is very amenable to negotiate through political crises . 
  the eu has not handled its most recent crises ( refugees and grexit ) well at all . 
  a brexit will be existential for the eu . 
  it is almost impossible to model the political outcomes . 
  there wo n't really be economic consequences . 
  there will be political consequences . 
  euscepticism in the uk has a lengthy tradition that is far older than any concern about refugees . 
  the conservative party nearly tore itself in two over the maastricht treaty and the single currency for example . 
  implying that wanting to leave the eu is racist is not only incredibly offensive , it also fundamentally does not follow the history of euscepticsm in the uk and the current arguments . 
  most countries in the world are n't in the eea . 
  the uk will be like one of thse . 
   so nice of uk to think of romania like that and its needs . 
  that 's the uk for you . 
  always there to look after the small guys and never thinking mainly of our own interests . 
  unlike perfide france . 
   everything east from the oder river and south from the ore mountains more like anything east from the north sea and south from the channel ... 
   romania should drastically increase tuition for med students and give scholarships . 
  those scholarships should force the students to remain in the country for a few years . 
  while romania can address the push factors , i do n't think that is enough . 
  i think other countries should also address the pull factors . 
  once the uk leaves the eu , we will i hope make it more difficult for reuropeans to work in the uk . 
  this will help with the romanian brain-drain . 
   btw happy cake day . 
  thanks very much !!, 
   is it sad for the doctors and educated people that do move ? 
  individuals make choices which are best for them . 
  i do n't think it is really sad for the individuals . 
  however , there are massive social and economic problems caused when a generation of your brightest and best leave . 
   one of the main motivations seems to be feeling scared about foreigners in general . 
  the leading campaign organisation wanting to leave the eu ( likely to get the official designation from the electoral commission ) is not focused on foreigners at all . 
  this is about democracy and where power lies . 
  inability to control immigration is but a symptom of the wider question of democratic power . 
  free movement of workers in the eu is more harmful to the countries which lose a lot of workers than the ones that gain a lot of workers . 
  it is very sad for romania that this is happening . 
  i posted this on / r/europe yesterday . 
  it shows an increase of 3 % for the fn , which is within the statistical margin of error . 
  i think we need to see more polling before we can conclude anything ... 
  it that 's what the spanish government wants to do , i respect the choices if the spanish government . 
  i 'm glad we are agreed on this . 
  the eu is not needed for british people to move abroad . 
  most british people who emigrate obviously go to the anglosphere , not the eu . 
  pretending that the eu is needed here makes no sense . 
  i trust national democracy ; you clearly do n't . 
  it is better for democratic government to have control over people than a technocracy . 
  there are n't two million brits living in the rest of the eu . 
  the majority of those living in the rest of the eu are not working , but retired . 
  personally i trust the national democracies of other eu countries to decide what they want to do with brits who are living there . 
  is spain really going to expel all of the retired brits ? 
  of course not . 
  however , if spain does want to expel them , that is a question for their national democracy . 
  the u.s. is in the top three destinations for british emigrants . 
  wanting to leave the eu is the positive hopeful choice . 
  you think that it makes sense to use the `` tyranny of the majority '' argument about eu membership ? 
  you think he uk should stay in even if lost people want to leave ? 
  hopefully the uk does leave the eea too . 
  immigration is not really a key concern for me . 
  why would you be screwed if you are living in another eu member state ? 
  which eu member state has nobody in it apart from eu citizens ?!, 
  just make sure you have some skills and you will be fine . 
  most british citizens who live abroad do n't live in the eu . 
  i 'm not sure what your concern is . 
  the main issue of immigration for most brits is impact on infrastructure and house prices . 
  poles and pakistanis impact these in exactly the same way . 
  i think the mods still have not agreed to this . 
  once we leave the eu we will be able control immigration , capisci ? 
  we can still let poles come to the uk if we want them . 
  happy now ? 
  you seem quite butt-hurt that a lot of brits do n't really think of poles in a very different way from how we think about pakistanis . 
  any source ? 
  farage in fact speaks regularly about the dangers of radical islam . 
  i 'm not sure if the uk 's multi-culturalism has been unsuccessful . 
  the french took the opposite approach to the uk , focussing on integration . 
  both the uk and france have failed on this . 
  is there anything else either the uk or france could have done differently or should do differently now ? 
  we will see eu countries give citizenship to many of the current wave of migrants and then those people will have the right to the uk . 
  we already saw this happen : many somalian born dutch citizens have moved to the uk and caused problems . 
  wanting to leave the eu because of immigration is not ridiculous . 
  it is n't my reason , but inside the eu the uk can not control who comes to the uk as well as it can when we leave . 
  this is important . 
  not quite . 
  this poll did not have an `` undecided '' option ( a bit like the actual thing wo n't . ), 
  the article suggests that the leave side benefits from the paris terrorist attacks . 
  i 'm not sure i agree with that . 
  polling suggests that the paris attacks have not shifted opinion much in france : i 'm therefore a bit sceptical about it impacting opinion in the uk . 
  we were allied during the crimean war , but we almost came to blows in africa ... france wanted a straight line of colonies east to west , from the dakar to djibouti . 
  britain wanted a straight line of colonies north to south , from cairo to cape town . 
  obviously , we were going to meet and have a diplomatic incident at the intersection point in sudan ... 
  however , we should definitely give the ruskies a black eye next time the opportunity arises . 
  the entente though has been around for a little less than the peace has . 
  we were n't really sticking with them during most of the 19th century , just not at war with them ( which is an improvement on the previous millennium ) . 
   my heart ca n't handle the contradictions between hating her politics and the turmoil she stirs in this old decrepit body . 
  her politics seem more like those of her grandfather than her aunt . 
  to the extent it is worth distinguishing between different schools of politics within fn , she is certainly on the harder end of the spectrum , differently , for example , from philippot who is very much on the `` dediabolisation '' side of things . 
  apologies - i translated `` gagner '' to `` gain '' whereas obviously it should be `` win '' . 
  schoolboy error . 
  this is i believe the first opinion polling in france since the terrorist attacks on 13 november . 
  the article indicates that marion le pen will win this region fairly clearly , both in the first round and the second round .
