  that 's why i am always pleased when people with unconventional backgrounds or life experiences or people who have had previous careers make it into politics . 
  political legitimacy in my mind only comes through the ballot box ( and people wanting you to reprensent them ) rather than from an investment in time or being part of some political fraternity . 
  esperanto is not culturally neutral . 
   let 's say somebody reads a great op-ed or news article on a non-english site and you feel the urge to share it here , but it is not available in english . 
  redditors could translate that and publish it on - let 's say - redditorsofeurope.eu ( does not exist ) and link the translation in r/europe . 
  i often read articles / op-eds in german . 
  i thought about translating them when i feel they are brilliant on a site where everbody has the access in order to publish translations from all kind of languages . 
  this strikes me as a good idea . 
  i 'd definitely be interested in reading brilliant articles that are n't available in a language i understand . 
  i always thought that presseurop were providing a service at great cost that could be done for free . 
  but ( sorry to be a boring lawyer ) might there be legal restrictions on the ability to publish a translation of an article ( even unofficially ) without obtaining the consent of the writer/original publication ? 
   oh please , you are making an illogical complaint . 
  the complaint is logical . 
  it is possible to like europe but not like the eu . 
  the title of the argument conflates europe and the eu . 
   because the representatives studied political science do mps in your country tend to study political science ? 
  this is n't really a trend in the uk . 
  the swiss people have had a referendum and the swiss people have therefore laid out its terms , but the swiss government has not enforced anything yet . 
  also , it is very uncertain how the eu will respond to this and it has a number of options . 
  in practice , there is a great deal to renegotiate and there will likely be extensive negotiations . 
  i found your post a little difficult to follow , because when you use `` they '' at times to refer to the swiss people and at time to refer to the swiss government . 
  this conflates the issue somewhat in my mind . 
  i disagree that this is an unacceptable way to negotiate . 
  checking what the swiss people want before beginning negotiations strikes me as exactly the right way to do things . 
  as a matter of law i disagree with you . 
  the treaty is still in place and switzerland is still complying with the treaty . 
  thus , the referendum of itself does not revoke the treaty . 
  if , for example , the swiss goverment decided not to follow the referendum , then the treaty could continue as it is . 
  also , my understanding is that the referendum mandates the government to act , but not immediately and the details are not mandated . 
  thus , switzerland has the time to discuss a new treaty which can be put in place before being in breach of the old treaty . 
  switzerland has n't revoked any treaties and it is likely that it will renegotiate rather than revoke . 
  personally i think the eu should react in a proportionate manner ( reflecting the proportionate approach that switzerland is taking ) rather than quite an extreme manner . 
  a proportionate response would be a renegotiation rather than guillotining all existing agreements . 
  the purpose of a policy should never be to show backbone . 
  it should work out what is the best interests of the eu . 
  i 'm guessing sweden will not participate in the bail out , other than via the imf ? 
  that 's the uk position . 
  as i said , we will see what the eu does . 
  i do n't think it is as certain as you seem to think !, 
  anyway - i am always going to be able to sell my own products to switzerland , provided swiss people want to buy them !, 
  i do n't think the eu has the power to stop me exporting to switzerland !, 
  if the eu can produce swiss products at similar costs , why is n't it already doing that ? 
  we will see . 
  i will buy you a beer if the eu actually does use the guillotine clause . 
  ;-) my prediction is that the eu and switzerland reach some agreement well before that and that switzerland will not backdown . 
  traditionally in the uk voters punish the government during the electoral cycle in local elections , european elections and in opinion polls . 
  for example , during the 1980s when the conservatives won four successive elections , labour were always well ahead in the opinion polls in midterm . 
  there is a `` incumbency benefit '' factor that kicks in just before general elections . 
  free movement of labour has some benefits but obviously has some problems too . 
  ( look at the braindrain from eastern and southern europe . ), 
  we 're still more than a year away from the general election in the uk , so there is a lot to play for . 
  if the economy continues to recover , it is all to play for . 
  not every member state is going to want to use the guillotine clause though . 
  the eu are going to struggle to agree on this . 
  hopefully the uk will veto the use of the guillotine . 
  haha !, 
  the trick with marmite is to spread it very thinly !, 
  nothing wrong with marmite and cheese either . 
  the eu will not use the guillotine clause . 
  the eu does too much trade with switzerland . 
  they are at an incredibly early stage in this project and it may well come to nothing . 
  the french have recently said that they do n't care about what the nsa did . 
  do n't be surprised if this does not get off the ground . 
  from the uk 's perspective , the five eyes relationship is too important . 
  [ marmite ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/marmite ) , or yeast extract , which is a very controversial spread in the uk . 
  i think you have to get used to it . 
  surely the eu will not want to harm itself so much ? 
  which eu states do n't have ties with the nsa ? 
  anyway , i think the uk is right to stay out of this for the reasons mentioned by / u/lazyjaydee, 
  well done . 
  self-determined immigration makes sense . 
  this is going to be another bail out rather than a bail in . 
  european taxpayers will get burnt rather than investors . 
  why should two ( or three ) countries be responsible for coming up with policies for everyone else ? 
  surely policies should be adopted and pursued based on how good the policy is , rather than on the basis of the country making the policy ? 
  surely france , germany and the uk do n't have a monopoly on policy ? 
  i think the uk will stay out of it for a little while and then if all works well we join later ( like what happened with the euro ) . 
   are bad jokes about iraland common ? 
  irish jokes are common in britain . 
  but they are told with affection and never about the ira . 
   the european union 's economic chief olli rehn said on monday he was confident that italy 's new government would continue with fiscal consolidation , debt reduction and reforms to boost the country 's competitiveness . 
  the government might change . 
  but the people telling the government what to do stay the same . 
   ireland , move on this is the ira , not ireland . 
   the only thing i remember learning in romanian history that had anything to do with the british was around ww1 when apparently romania went to war thinking france and britain had our backs and then france and britain were like ` oh you were serious ? 
  lol '' hindsight is a wonderful thing and nowhere more so than with ww1 . 
  romania would have been more useful to the allies in 1914/5 than it was in 1916 . 
  after russia pulled out of ww1 , there was n't much britain and france could do ... you did end up with transylvania though , which was more or less why you entered ww1 in the first place ... ;-), 
  if darwin had n't written the origin of the species in 1859 , it is likely that someone else would have written something similar prior to ww2 . 
  it is nonsense to imply that there is some kind of causal connection between darwin and ww2 . 
   britain is responsible for the theory of evolution which inspired hitler and to lesser extent the communists . 
  britain is responsible for nazism and communism ?!, 
  you really think this makes sense ? 
  - we strongly encouraged and supported your membership of nato and the eu ; - we were the first to recognise you de facto as an independent country in 1918 ; - during the entire occupation of latvia the uk maintained diplomatic relations with latvia with latvian diplomats in london and we never recognised soviet claims to latvia ; - 50,000 latvians working in the uk at the moment . 
  cameron knows he does n't have a parliamentary majority . 
  his backbenchers remind him every day . 
  his focus is to try and get a majority without libdem support next time round . 
  this is about libdems wanting the public to see them as someone who could govern with either party . 
  it 's not about the tories . 
   we 've been fucked by every single big nation on the east and west for centuries now .
