  within the uk , legislation can be passed requiring compliance . 
   over half a billion people living in first world conditions and they decided they do n't want it ? 
  from the perspective of the uk it does not make sense to talk about `` half a billion people '' . 
  the relevant number is the amount of people without the uk . 
   what is insuring this global regulatory standards now that you wo n't have the eu ? 
  the uk could commit to meeting global regulatory standards in a range of areas in the international sphere . 
  within the context of domestic legislation , it can legislate to meet them . 
  in certain areas the uk ( or particular parts of the uk ) may want to meet global standards in different ways or to go above and beyond them . 
   that 's very british to say you would let the scottish have independence and then make it so difficulty that its virtually impossible . 
  what is impossible about it ? 
  ireland seem to manage ? 
  if ireland can , why not scotland ? 
   if you have a divorce , you have to share assets and liabilities equitably . 
  yet the entire british establishment , tory , labour , libdems , ukip , etc. , united to tell the scots ahead of the referendum that they will get the liabilities ( debts ) , but not the assets ( pound ) . 
  i do n't think anyone has said that scotland ca n't use the pound , the pound is a freely trading currency without controls . 
  anyone in the world can use it . 
  if what the scottish government wants is a currency union with the uk ( is this what you are suggesting ? ), 
  then of course the uk should not agree to it . 
  a currency union is not a sharing of an existing asset , but creating an entirely new structure . 
  we can see for ourselves how well currency unions work in the context of the eurozone , among countries that are meant to be moving together in ever closer union , and they do not work out . 
  how much more difficult is a currency union going to be in the case of two nations that were moving apart ? 
   you 'd have to split england into regions to combat its sheer size in any federal system i do n't think that there is any appetite among english people for this to take place ( and on that basis alone it should not take place ) . 
   what are they going to export ? 
  good luck competing with china and developing countries on the manufacturing front in a global marketplace . 
  that does n't even take into effect the rising reality of automation either . 
  it is n't the 18th century anymore , the u.k ca n't just start up it 's coal mines and textile mills again . 
  i agree , the uk 's economic comparative advantage is not really in manufacturing , but in services . 
  it is these exports that are the uk 's future . 
   the only way to save the uk is by going from a unitary to a federal state personally i am not in favour of a formal federal state , but think that what we can achieve as a matter of substance is more important . 
  if we look at uk constitutional history as a whole , there are plenty of examples where the form and the substance do not match ( e.g. 
  relationship of church and state , rights of monarch and so forth ) . 
  i think we can achieve similar outcomes in relation to devolution . 
  one of the reasons why i am in favour of the uk fully leaving the single market is because i think that in the long-run it will make the survival of the uk more ( rather than less ) viable . 
  obviously , i am also fully supportive of scotland having a further referendum ( if that is what scottish people want ) . 
  to the extent that on leaving the eu the uk takes full control of legislation and regulation in many policy areas , i think that westminster should devolve huge areas of that to hollyrood ( assuming that is what scottish people want ) . 
  for instance , i think scotland should be able to have fisheries and agricultural policies that are separate from those that the rest of the uk . 
  in a whole host of other areas i think scotland should be able to regulate for itself ( provided that both westminster and hollyrood committed not to fall below global regulatory standards in certain areas ) . 
  different ( and competing ) regulatory systems will help all of us in the long-run . 
   because all these cuts are going to be blamed on the `` vengeful eu '' rather than be acknowledged as self inflicted which cuts are you talking about ? 
  the bank of england has been taking action since the referendum , primarily quantitative easing and lowering interest rates . 
  these actions have contributed to the fall in the value of the pound . 
  the uk is not just a government but also a nation and peoples . 
  your bigotry has no place on this sub . 
   but no represention ? 
  snp have representation in the uk parliament and representation in the scottish parliament and representation in the eu parliament . 
  obviously , it is not possible for every single political party to negotiate brexit together . 
  part of being in a democracy means that only certain political parties are in government while others are in opposition . 
   how does that work again ? 
  foreigners do n't have the right to complain ? 
  it 's a fucking national sport for brits !, 
  does n't that point she 's embracing british values ? 
  obviously she has the right to complain about the uk , but it seems that she hates the uk yet chooses to live here . 
  it just seems like a choice that is making her very unhappy . 
   except , the hate us justified . 
  no , hatred of people and nations is not justified . 
  your bigotry has no place on this sub . 
   they 've been told they 'll have no representation during negotiations and clearly discussions with the conservatives have n't worked . 
  they have not been told this . 
  there were extensive discussions in the house of commons yesterday in which the government numerous times explained that the scottish parliament would be continually updated , consulted and involved . 
   haha , during the brexit referendum : it 's not about money , it 's about sovereignty !, 
  this is correct , it is about sovereignty . 
  but the parent poster did n't write `` sovereignty '' he wrote `` british slavery '' , which is obviously ridiculous rhetoric . 
   but i 'm surprised she 's actually going through with it . 
  we do n't yet know what the bill will look like or what the timing of it is etc. 
  this is partly political positioning and party management . 
  edit - i would like to point out that personally i support this referendum taking place . 
  i am strongly in favour of referendums as a means of people to choose their own destiny ( if that is what they want ) . 
   ukip posters were festooned across every economically-blighted intellectually-backward rotting `` labour heartland '' husk in the months running up to the vote . 
  that is not evidence of them being influential in winning the referendum . 
  it is simply evidence of them having a campaign . 
  even if you take the view that extremism is relative , then it still does not make sense that ukip are extreme . 
  their two most noteworthy policy positions , leaving the eu and reducing immigration , are widely held in the uk . 
  however , personally i think when it comes to political extremism , it is most useful to judge a political movement by the extent to which it deviates from absolute values in a liberal democracy , for example embracing ethno-nationalism or nativism , suppression of a free press , anti-democracy , denunciation of any form of capitalism etc. 
  clearly , ukip do not meet this test . 
   you 're a fucking idiot . 
  this kind of language/attitude is completely unacceptable and in breach of the rules of this sub . 
   yes , it helps making products more competitive , but at least in the short term the increase in domestic production will not be as big as the losses in purchasing power due to the decreased value . 
  if a devauluation happens gradually , fine , but the recent drops can not really be described as `` gradually '' . 
  uk has relatively recent experience of a dramatic and sudden fall in the value of the pound . 
  that did not bring about any disaster , instead it heralded one of the most successful economic periods in the uk 's post-war history . 
  of course , it will take a while for industry and consumers to adjust to the new value , but that still does not mean that it will cause real harm . 
  the key economic indicators that we need to look at are employment and unemployment figures ( so far these look fairly encouraging ) , gdp figures ( again , these do not look bad ) and then to a lesser extent things like inflation , foreign investment and so forth ( all of which look relatively good ) . 
  my only real worry is that the uk government is cutting our budget deficit too slowly . 
  mexico is our new close neighbour , closer than france , 
   man for people who are so keen to leave and so happy it 's happening , you sure are slow to actually do it . 
  it 's been 6 months now and you 're still delaying another 6 . 
  the most important thing is outcome and not process . 
  currently the plan is to begin negotiations by the end of march at the latest . 
  if this is the deadline it will be nine months after the referendum . 
  ( not sure where you get your six plus six from . ), 
   either admit you were wrong or get out already , right now you just look kind of pathetic with your `` there is no plan '' and `` i never said that '' and `` well we will do it soon , but another delay first '' . 
  vote leave were clear during the referendum that article 50 would not be triggered immediately and that the government would need to plan a negotiating position first . 
  they were correct about this . 
  vote leave were the official leave campaign . 
  farage was not part of vote leave . 
  and nobody voted leave because they do n't like tourism . 
  immigration and tourism are not the same thing . 
  there is nobody in the uk saying that they do n't want tourists . 
   i am talking exclusively about the value of the pound when it comes to the relation of foreign currencies . 
  why would you do this ?
