  london does not have a tax system that is different from the rest of the uk . 
  i 'm not sure why you think of either switerland or the uk as tax havens . 
   lived in brixton for a few months , now i live in vauxhall , so i guess i live in cuntland :p [ balham is the real gateway to the south . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balham,_gateway_to_the_south ) brixton and vauxhall ca n't compare . 
   this gets about zero coverage in france actually i see the calais crisis widely reported in the french press . 
  turning to your points in turn :  shorter queues and no paperwork at passport control when going on holiday . 
  this is not true . 
  going from the uk to the european continent already requires passport checks . 
  the idea that a visa would be required if we left the eu is farfetched . 
  as i am sure you know , visa free travel exists with many countries that are not in the eu . 
   free and reduced-cost access to the healthcare systems of other eu countries if you fall ill or have an accident on holiday , including treatment of chronic illnesses . 
  healthcare is of course not free , someone has to pay . 
  whether you want to pay in your taxes or whether you want to pay when you see the doctor is a political question and an efficiency question , but it does not really relate to the uk 's membership of the eu . 
  i have seen doctors in france , italy and japan and there was n't much of a difference between costs and process . 
   the eu parliament has recently legislated to abolish mobile roaming charges , so eu citizens wo n't have to pay extra to use their phones abroad from june next year . 
  unfortunately the eu parliament is not able to control the dividends that shareholders of mobile phone companies expect . 
  to the extent that regulation is introduced to lower costs in one area , the mobile phone sector will increase costs somewhere else and such costs will ultimately be borne by the consumer . 
  essentially this regulation transfers costs from the ( relatively rich people like me and you who travel ) to the relatively poorer people who do not travel . 
  regulating costs in an industry where there is already intense price competition is a mistake . 
   freedom to go and live and work in another eu country at any time . 
  ( this one is amazing and something that uk citizens undervalue . 
  have you seen the number of people on / r/iwantout who want to move to western european countries , only to be told that unless they 're engineers or doctors their chances of getting a work visa are exceptionally slim ? ), 
  the majority of british citizens who move abroad to live or work go to canada , australia and the united states . 
  you do not need to the eu to do this . 
  i am someone who has worked abroad both in the eu and outside it . 
  our ability to work abroad primarily depends on our skills ( languages , knowledge ) and the job market in the host country . 
  the eu has little to offer brits in this regard . 
   freedom to go and study at an eu university at any time , which have lower fees for eu citizens and often teach in english the eramus system is separate from the eu . 
  costs of study must be paid by someone , the way that the costs are paid is a political question separate from the eu . 
   freedom to retire abroad , getting your uk pension paid to you in a country with nice weather and a lower cost of living the majority of brits who retire abroad go to france , spain , australia or usa . 
  eu membership is not needed for this . 
  whether spain wants british retirees should , of course , be a question for spanish national democracy , considering the various costs and benefits . 
   the european arrest warrant means that we can extradite criminals to the uk in a matter of a couple of weeks . 
  previously the process could take up to nine months . 
  we used this after the london bombings to extradite a suspect from italy to the uk . 
  this has also been used to extradite people from the uk on the basis of evidence that would not stand up in a criminal court in the uk . 
  it has also been used in circumstances where there is no criminal aspect at all . 
   the eu provides a lot of science funding and the uk is very good at winning it for its projects . 
  a lot of uk science would be simply unable to occur if we left the eu . 
  freedom of movement also allows universities to exchange academics and experts easily . 
  the uk is a net contributor to the eu budget . 
  the uk , outside the eu , would have more money to spend on science . 
   uk businesses strongly benefit financially from being in the eu . 
  i work for a british business . 
  the business comunity , natually , does not speak with one voice . 
   the eu is a major player in improving the environment , preventing pollution , and fighting climate change . 
  how we deal with environment and prevent pollution etc are questions for our national democracy to consider . 
  we should have these debates in our national parliament and not be afriad of the democratic process . 
   as a percentage of our country 's national income , we actually contribute the least out of all eu states . 
  i 'm not sure how you have worked that out given that some countries are net recipients . 
   our inability to speak other languages prevents us from seeing just how much more similar to western europeans we really are . 
  i speak french , italian and ( when drunk ) spanish . 
  culturally we are of course closer to australians than we are to italians etc. 
   we 're a powerful country with worldwide influence and the second best economy in europe . 
  why the hell are we content to be sidelined in every eu discussion ever ? 
  why do n't we use our clout and take our place as one of the leaders of europe ? 
  as a powerful country with worldwide influence we wo n't be sidelined . 
   its a common theme . 
  we have seen colin farrell , chris o'dowd , cillian murphy , among many , many others , all claimed as british , again and again . 
  really ? 
  i do n't particularly know who these people are , but the names `` farrell '' , `` o'dowd '' and `` murphy '' are all obviously irish names to me . 
  i think this is just a case of shoddy journalism ( i.e. 
  people not bothering to google ) rather than someone maliciously trying to mislead the public . 
   even though i must say that switzerland is a selfish , opportunist country that does not hesitate at making actions that are harmful to its neighbours . 
  i disagree . 
  switzerland is , on a whole range of metrics , one of the most peaceful , liberal , democratic and free nations on the world . 
  they are perfect neighbours . 
   the future of peaceful cohabitation of european nations can be guaranteed only through integration , do you think your country can only be peaceful if it becomes part of an eu superstate ? 
  i certainly do n't think the uk needs this to be peaceful . 
  the uk showed during the last century during the war and during the peace that its institutions and mindset worked . 
  our national democracy functioned . 
  while some on the european continent experienced tyranny , revolutions and extreme left or extreme right governments , this was not the experience of the uk . 
  given our different experience obviously our need for an eu to supervise us is different from yours . 
   and i hope the uk will stay , as it is necessary to have a `` hesitant '' member in the eu , as much as it is necessary to have opposition in the parliament . 
  if you want a federal superstate , it is best not to have the uk obstructing the process . 
  either you want it , or you do n't . 
  also , i thought you wanted to turn the eu parliament into the equivalent of a national parliament , where the oppositions were based on different political ideologies rather than different nationalities ? 
  i do n't see what the uk adds to this . 
  i also do n't see how the uk benefits from participating . 
   http://www.independent.ie/sport/mma/the-bbc-are-trying-to-claim-united-kingdoms-conor-mcgregor-as-one-of-their-own-31370812.html so the bbc wrote `` and '' when they should have written `` or '' ? 
  this is very shoddy of them ( though what we have come to expect ) . 
  it does n't mean that anyone thinks mcgregor is british though . 
  that article in the irish independent was poorly written though . 
  nobody thinks of andy murray as english . 
   there is no recognition of irish sovereignty by the united kingdom . 
  this is total bullshit . 
   you see us as one of the `` home nations '' , though we have never wanted to be . 
  if any achievement comes upon us or one of ours , your media attempts to claim it as another by the plucky british , see recently saoirse ronan and a few weeks ago conor mcgregor . 
  ireland is one of the `` home nations '' basically for the purposes of sport and basically because irish watch the bbc sporting coverage . 
  nobody things conor mcgregor is british . 
   is there any post that has `` eu '' in the title that you wo n't rush to comment `` muh uk uk '' in ? 
   ok , then tell us , what europe without the eu do you see ? 
  whether or not the uk is in the eu is not exactly the same as whether or not the eu exists . 
  if the people of other european countries want to move towards a federal state , then that is of course their free choice . 
  i have a preference for checking that this is what their electorates want , of course . 
  my preference is for the uk to leave the eu to ensure that our national democracy , governance and sovereignty are not further undermined . 
  it is perfectly possible for nations to live happily along side each other and cooperate with the global community of liberal , free and democratic nations . 
  there are many examples of this . 
  look how switzerland manages this . 
  all that is required is for us to have strong national democracies .
