  personally i do n't think the tax payer should be funding political parties - but it does seem like i am in a small minority here . 
  but not with the uk as a member . 
  we will see what happens . 
  i do n't think switzerland has such a week hand . 
  the eu wo n't speak with one voice on this as many eu states also want to limit free movement too . 
  the eu will also not want to be seen to bully switzerland , particularly as this was a referendum and the eu has a somewhat difficult past with referenda.also , the eu benefits from trade with switzerland . 
  i expect a compromise can be found . 
  it would n't break the treaty if the treaty is terminated or renegotiated . 
   to develop non-bank credit supply , the eu could encourage intermediation by non-banks . 
  the eu 's securities laws are somewhat restrictive and overburdensome , discouraging the capital markets . 
  this raises the cost of capital for eu borrowers . 
  the uk government will be lobbying hard for eu securities laws to be modified so that non-banks can lend more money than they currently do . 
   i mean you still have a queen in 2014 obvious troll is obvious . 
  belgium has a king . 
   they revoked the free movement of people , one of the pillars of the european community . 
  they did n't revoke anything . 
  they just voted to limit immigration ( and we still do n't know what the specifics will entail ) . 
   they also refused to sign the free movement accord of croatia . 
  this is n't breaking a treaty though , is it ? 
  it just means they did n't sign a new treaty . 
   dude anybody who knows history knows how the british empire treated indians , and how you took care of the aboriginals in australia . 
  how would you compare that with how belgium treated the congo ? 
   \u2022 breaking bilateral contracts they have n't broken any treaties . 
  the electorate have just mandated the government to renegotiate treaties . 
   still , if i understoond correctly , other countries still wanted to take even more drastic measures . 
  they have n't really taken more drastic measures . 
  the uk is in a different position from most of europe anyway on this because it is not in the euro ( and has a different monetary policy from the eu ) and also has a much larger financial sector which is a much larger part of its economy . 
  it therefore does n't really make sense for the uk to copy exactly eu regulation here . 
   a bit like the norwegians , but they are not actual members.it seems that would be better if britain had the same status . 
  agreed , this would be better . 
   i 'd even go so far as to brand you `` normal '' , which is about the highest praise you could ever hope to get from a dutchman . 
  this expression : `` doe maar gewoon dan doe je al gek genoeg '' is one which ca n't really be translated into english . 
  nobody but dutch people think that being normal is a good thing ... 
   i am now convinced that if the european project was started on a british initiative and driven by britain rather than france , we would today have a massively more democratic and streamlined union . 
  i 'm a bit surprised to read this . 
  are you sure ?!, 
  i do n't think brits would have ever wanted to start the european project . 
  i think brits were surprised that the french thought it was possible . 
   regulations for banks so countries will not be responsible for the risks thay take ? 
  the uk has put in place a huge amount of new regulation for banks , some of it the same as the eu and some of it different . 
  there has been a massive amount of regulation in the uk on ringfencing retail banks from wholesale banks . 
   i guess - just thought it was odd that they decided to ask roughly the same number of people from each country given the wide variations in population . 
  see the post from / u/ramblinrambo which is a better explanation than i could give . 
   has this always been like that in scotland or was there ever a phase when the english custom prevailed ? 
  scotland has always maintained a very distinct legal tradition which is a hybrid between the common law and the civil law . 
  in most areas ( other than some commercial fields ) english law has had surprisingly little impact on scottish law and there have never been any serious moves/desires to unite the systems and the expression `` uk law '' is one that to this day has virtually no meaning . 
  this puts the uk in an odd position of having more than one legal system but still not being formally a federation . 
  the common law does try and keep many commonalities and the laws of e.g. 
  england , ireland , new south wales , new zealand , new york and hong kong do have a lot of influence over each other and try to move in the same direction . 
  while judgments of one jurisdiction are not binding on each other they can be very persuasive and because of this english law exerts a far greater influence over ireland than it does over scotland . 
  as for the `` not proven '' verdict , the scottish government has consulted on getting rid of it , but i expect they will decide to keep it . 
   800 people is probably a more than adequate sample in luxembourg - but i do n't think it would be in germany or the uk ? 
  provided that methodology for polling is correct , 800 is within the correct ballpark for the uk and germany . 
  most uk pollsters use a sample size of approximately 1,000 in their regular opinion polls . 
  psephologists tend not to question this kind of sample-size . 
   do you think that the highest unemployment rate in history a few years after the entry into the euro is a coincidence ? 
  the problems are clear to see . 
  but what are your solutions ? 
  how can we get italy back on her feet ? 
   well , i guess then my alleged comment falls under the reddit statute of limitations :-) english law ( and of course almost all of the world ) has two outcomes of criminal trials : `` guilty '' and `` not guilty '' . 
  in scotland , differently , they have three potential outcomes : `` guilty '' , `` not guilty '' and `` not proven '' , the latter of which is basically a way of the government saying : `` we 're pretty sure you did it and the only reason you are not going to jail is because we do n't currently have enough proof ... '' . 
  very sensible people , the scottish . 
   claiming it as some sort of british exclusive is nothing less than absurd . 
  nobody is claiming that negative liberty is a kind of british exclusive , but it is fair to say that the legal systems are not identical and have come from different traditions and that these different traditions result in real differences today . 
   i really doubt i ever called you a racist , but if you can show me where i did that , i will apologise . 
  i scrolled through my posting history ( and your posting history ) , but in both cases the history only seems to extend two months . 
  it seems that reddit does not keep old posts and there does n't seem to be any way of searching for them , unless there is some way that i do n't know about . 
  the reason i mentioned ethiopia and japan is because these are both places i have spent considerable time in and i would just as well want my country to federalise with them as i would want it to federalise with france and germany . 
  practical problems and cultural differences are just a question of degree . 
  there is no inherent reason why we would want to be in a federation with one rather than another . 
  i know you take the view that europe is better stronger in a multi-polar world , differently i take the view that uk is significant enough not to worry about not being tied to one particular pole and , given that it has good relations with some of the other poles , might do better by keeping india , the us and europe all at relatively equal distance . 
  uk viewed more positively than our dear friends in france ... , 
   so she should be the head of the european commision because it 's ok for the united kingdom ? 
  i 'm sure that each eu member state will argue about what is okay with them . 
   both legal systems have been converging to a point where the differences are perhaps relevant for scholars and lawyers perhaps , but not the general population . 
  you can get a fair trial everywhere in the west . 
  as a lawyer working in the uk having to advise on how the english courts might apply eu regulation i am in daily contact with the different legal traditions . 
  the stringent way that the uk applies eu regulation is an example of that and / u/jedibeeftrix was correct to point that out . 
  but nobody is arguing that you ca n't get a free trial in most of the west . 
   i do n't call random people chauvinists . 
  just people who have demonstrated their chauvinism . 
  he really has n't demonstrated chauvinism . 
  lawyers argue all the time about the rival merits of the common law and the civil law and the different traditions within which they grew up . 
  his argument about the english tradition of liberties being a different one from continental europe has been remarked upon by legal theorists for centuries . 
  its what montesquieu , who emphasised [ the `` beautiful '' system of english political liberty in comparison to continental europe ] ( http://mjp.univ-perp.fr/textes/montesquieu.htm ) said . 
  this argument was also made by voltaire who said :  '' [ the english are the only people upon earth who have been able to prescribe limits to the power of kings by resisting them ; and who , by a series of struggles , have at last established that wise government where the prince is all powerful to do good , and , at the same time , is restrained from committing evil ; where the nobles are great without insolence , though there are no vassals ; and where the people share in the government without confusion . 
  ] ( http://www.bartleby.com/34/2/8.html ) '' do you also consider montesquieu and voltaire to be chauvinists perhaps spewing `` uneductated hogwash '' or showing `` repeated displays of ignorance '' ? 
  their arguments about different legal traditions are just the same as those of / u/jedibeeftrix . 
   i 've never called you that , did i ? 
  you did n't call me a chauvinist . 
  instead you used the word `` racist '' when i said i did n't want the uk to federalise with denmark or the netherlands . 
  it was n't until you said that you did n't want to federalise with japan or ethiopia that you conceeded that i might not be a racist . 
  though of course , i do n't hold that against you !, 
  i 'm happy for you to say that you think that eusceptics have made an incorrect calculation about what is in the best interests of the uk ( that is after all somewhat a matter of opinion and comes down partly to personal preference ) but i do wish you would n't imply that people who have this opinion are chauvinists or racists . 
   you do realize that she does n't give a fuck about te uk or its ecnomy right ? 
  what makes you say that ? 
  the uk government ( and george osborne in particular ) were the biggest cheerleaders for lagarde to be imf managing director . 
  lagarde in return backed osborne 's approach to austerity . 
  obviously , there have been disagreements too , but lagarde is definitely someone with whom the uk governement thinks it can do business and especially in relation to repatriation of powers . 
  juncker and schulz not so much .
