  the other systems are basically savages throwing rocks at each other . 
  yes there is . 
  commerce prefers common law . 
  the point being that of the four efta nations , only three of them are in the eea . 
  it simply does not make sense to write '' * which provides four non-eu nations with access to the european economic area ( eea ) single market . * '' . 
  edit - okay , seen your edit , we 're agreed ... 
   but also introduced new stuff like trust laws which , iirc , were inspired by the civil code of quebec . 
  that is really interesting . 
  the law of trusts is absolutely fundamental to the english common law . 
  our entire financial system and contract system and land ownership system would not function without trusts ... 
  i love that scottish `` not proven '' verdict . 
  it is as mean as hell !, 
   the others have apparently not learned their lesson the first time so we will probably have to come back and deal with that eventually . 
  i do n't think russia has learnt . 
   and legal sources from other nordic countries can even be used in court ( with some limitations of course ) . 
  that 's like the common law . 
  precedents from other common law jurisdictions have strong value in court . 
  today is a particularly exciting day in the uk 's constitutional history , i agree !, 
  i am sure it works fantastically for germany and i agree that that kind of law can be both flexible and specific , but i do n't think it would really work in the uk ' constitution . 
  in the uk the most important constitutional principle is `` parliament is sovereign '' . 
  this is also very specific and also something that constantly changes . 
  ( with brexit we are going to end up with a more forceful parliament i think . ), 
   is this affected by time ? 
  i mean , is something like owning/smoking/dealing weed still punished the same now than for a case 20 years ago ? 
  time does affect this . 
  for example , the law of defamation in england is basically `` statements that cause loss of reputation or cause right-thinking people to think worse of someone '' . 
  over time , the kinds of things that right-thinking people think change . 
  so a statement in the 1950s that someone was gay might have been defamatory , but not might not be . 
   i actually still ca n't get in my head that the uk does n't have a singular constitution . 
  i actually sometimes ca n't get my head around the fact that other countries have codified constitutions . 
  to me that seems too inflexible . 
  uk 's constitution evolves over time . 
  this kind of incredibly poorly written fake news is a very typical these days :  but he rejected reports that norway would resist the uk joining the european free trade association ( efta ) , which provides four non-eu nations with access to the european economic area ( eea ) single market . 
  guardian - how hard is it really to google whether or not switzerland is in the eea ?!, 
  if you do n't understand what efta is , best not to write about it . 
   further , ( good ) design is desirable . 
  random evolutions i think this reflects fundamentally different values between england and france that are very entrenched in our different cultures . 
  take for example the difference between an english garden and a french garden . 
  the latter is formal and ordered and precisely geometric : the french see beauty in humans taming nature . 
  the english do n't like formal gardens , but prefer them to have grown up in a more natural and organic way . 
  or take language : the french have an academie francaise , an institution that prescribes words . 
  the english just let new words develop in the language . 
  or take literature - the french classics like racine and moliere clearly distinguish between the different aims of tragedy and comedy , whereas english classics like shakespeare mix them up . 
  or take ideas around an economy : anglo-saxon traditions prefer free market economics , whereas french tend to be more comfortable with something that is dirigiste . 
  french people and english people just have different attitudes towards uncertainty . 
   we employ lay judges we have these ( magistrates ) . 
   and how in the world would the first legal case in a hypothetical common law country be resolved ? 
  one of the principles of common law countries is that it is based on fact rather than theory . 
  common law judges do n't tend to worry about theoretical problems , but the real problems that come before them . 
  so there is no need to think about `` a hypothetical common law country '' because there are only real common law countries . 
  they all can trace the origins of their legal systems to the laws of medieval england . 
  and the judges of medieval england had a concept of `` since time immemorial '' , effectively meaning that nobody could remember the origin but that everyone accepted a particular practice so it must be the law therefore it must be followed . 
  since then the common law jurisdictions follow a number of principles which they adapt to new situations . 
  also , while e.g. 
  new zealand and england are not required to follow each other , in practice the common law jurisdictions try to move together as a family . 
   if everything is all based on prior court cases , then where are all the laws defined ? 
  they are n't defined all in one place . 
  they are scattered around the place , in a mix of statutes and precedents . 
  i 'm not from the netherlands but i will like it if they get moved still , 
   is n't the common law ultimately based on the justinian code as well ? 
  you are partly correct in that roman law has been influential within the common law . 
  but the development of the common law in medieval england and the doctrine of stare decisis used in this development really represents a break with roman law in terms of fundamental legal reasoning . 
  and all global financial centres . 
  statutes in common law systems are drafted in a different way from codes in civil law systems though . 
  in common law jurisdictions being precise is more important because judges have less flexibility in relation to the wording . 
   in germany the judge has a mandate to respect the spirit of the law and not necessarily its letter . 
  in the common law system ( at least when it comes to interpreting statutes ) there is less emphasis on the spirit of the law because this is viewed as fundamentally uncertain and subjective . 
   many countries round the world were forced , as colonies , to adopt common law . 
  i think this is not really a fair description of what happened . 
  let 's look at australia for example . 
  it is n't really the case that australia forced to adopt common law , more that there was n't an existing legal system and the original colonisers used the system of law that they knew and then kept it upon independence and have stayed within it to the present day . 
   as far as i know civil law has been adopted willingly by many countries as a modern law system . 
  are there any cases of countries willingly switching over to common law ? 
  i do n't know of any , but that is partly because of the nature of the two different systems . 
  civil law , by its nature , is codified and the codes are comprehensive . 
  common law , by its nature , grows gradually and relies on experience and precedent and is uncodified . 
  you ca n't adopt from scratch a system which by definition relies on precedent because there wo n't be any precedent . 
  luckily there is a wider world out there !, 
  common law is not a special snowflake . 
  many countries round the world use the common law . 
  netherlands should also be moved into balkans . 
   maybe after 5 years of fillon and 5 years of le pen , the ps might be desirable again . 
  five years of le pen ? 
  if that happens it is game over . 
  spain is a better fit for the euro than italy . 
  but it still is not a very good fit . 
  i 'm not just talking about growth in this precise moment , because it is more important to consider growth over a longer period . 
  1.6 is not good a very good growth rate considering the last decade for portugal . 
  portugal 's economy is not growing strongly . 
  italy 's problem is the euro . 
  hence no point being in it if you are above average and think you can do better alone . 
  hence brexit . 
  some people voted for brexit and are happy with high immigration . 
  source : me . 
  do n't get ideas - we still need our buffer state !, 
   and that bailout was pushed through in germany by merkel and sch\u00e4uble against the will of their own party and against the will of the population . 
  this kind of thing will not end well . 
  ultimately if the people do n't consent it should not happen . 
  the tory party is currently very united compared to the main opposition . 
  i love granada , but walking round the realejo made me feel not just like an ant but walking round a full-on-anthill !,
