  when your service is sent in a telephone call or by e-mail it is pretty difficult to limit where it can go . 
   they `` they '' includes me . 
  i am a neoliberal globalist . 
   and are using the determining power of the uk government to reduce foreigners working in britain , regardless . 
  i will believe this when i see it . 
  i note that over the last seven years `` they '' have said that they will reduce immigration , but over that period the uk has had net immigration of around 2 million people . 
  i think it makes more sense to look at what people do rather than what they say . 
  uk will of course continue to have incredibly high levels of immigration as people take advantage of the fact we have the global language , a good job market and our well-known welcoming culture . 
  let me know when you are next in london and i will buy the drinks , 
   switzerland and lux will join when the eu tightens up its banking and tax rules . 
  this first sentence makes me have very little confidence in your views . 
   leave has campaigned extensively on stopping eu workers from working in britain , so are you saying they 're not going to realize their promises ? 
  no , they campaigned extensively on the power of deciding on who works in britain being determined by the uk government . 
   if the eu reacts to that by moving its business elsewhere , london will become less useful to the world . 
  eu ca n't just move finance elsewhere . 
  market participants choose where finance goes and they choose london . 
  a lot of people in the eu are very sad and angry that we voted to leave their union . 
  i think that the polls are overstating corbyn . 
  i also think the tories are saving their attacks until the final week of the campaign . 
  so personally i think that the tories will get a result that we have not seen in the uk for more than 50 years ... 
  yeah - we see those motos everywhere . 
  for some reason we do n't bother changing these things even after 100s of years pass ... 
   the uk is destined to become the canada to the eu 's united states . 
  there is no destiny because history is not something that we can predict in advance . 
  no , you get a race to the top . 
  frisian is even closer , 
  your country sleeps around , 
  a huge number of words come from french . 
  for example , our house of commons comes from the french `` communes '' . 
  most people do not know this ... 
  i agree that china does not function well as a democracy and that the uk 's interests are obviously closer to democratic countries , like italy , finland and france . 
  this is why i want the uk to focus on collaboration with democracies , or at least those countries that are moving towards democracy . 
  but i think that being in the eu ended up harming the uk 's democracy ( and this is partly because the uk 's particular constitution , legal system and history is not a good fit for the eu ) . 
  i think the uk is better able to be part of the democratic world outside the eu . 
   then i dont see how you can support closer relationships with countries like china . 
  if there was an easy way to make china democratic , we would all be happy . 
  there is n't . 
  if the rest of the world has a good idea here , including your country , i would hope that the uk worked with the rest of the world here . 
  in the interim i think trading with china is the best way for us to ensure that china moves closer to democracy . 
   but the threat i see in this century is from outside . 
  like russia or china or many of the developing countries with massive populations that just need to get an economy going to completely blast past any individual european country like nigeria , brasil , indonesia , india , etc. 
  these countries getting rich to me is n't a threat , but an opportunity . 
  i want these countries to get rich . 
   some of these sound laughable but lets not forget where china was not 60 not 50 but even 40 years ago . 
  and i think that is a valid thread to peace and independence in europe . 
  i agree with you that russia is a threat and this is why i am a strong supporter of nato . 
  to me the main threat is that people might lose confidence in democracy . 
  ensuring that as much of the world as possible moves towards democracy is to me the challenge of our times . 
   so how is that compatible with what you 're saying ? 
  norway currently has a free trade agreement with singapore . 
  the eu currently does n't . 
  singaporean goods can enter norway at a different tariff from entering the eu . 
  in order to ensure that singaporean goods do n't enter the eu via norway at the wrong tariff , there is a customs border between sweden and norway . 
  given that they have such a small population , i am not convinced that they would have influence over what happens in europe under any circumstance . 
  but who wants influence over europe anyway ? 
  the very last thing i want is influence over your country . 
  i am more than happy for you to run your own country and i believe you are quite capable of governing it without influence from me . 
  i think she is right because she is doing what scottish people want . 
   will literally invent any delusion on a practically minute by minute basis in order to avoid reality . 
  it is not delusion to point out that focusing on regulatory improvement will lead to better regulatory outcomes and that this can be achieved through regulatory competition . 
   so why did you then ? 
  i said it because it is clear that it is possible to thrive outside the eu , under a range of different models . 
   you do realise norway is part of the single market ... right ? 
  we are talking about a customs border . 
  norway is not in the customs union , which is why there is a customs border between norway and sweden . 
  the fact that norway is in the single market is irrelevant to whether or not there is a customs border between norway and sweden . 
   so to clarify , you believe that the uk will be in a better position than those countries to seize it alone , by not being in the common market ? 
  yes , i believe that it will be better for the uk to be outside the common market . 
  i also believe it will be better for the eu for the uk to be outside the common market . 
  essentially the uk and the eu are starting to try and compete in terms of regulation . 
  and this competition will be good for both of them . 
   was n't the common market the only relevant reason for mentioning those countries in the first place ? 
  iceland seems to be a rich safe country with low unemployment . 
  they have seized opportunities well . 
   great opportunity for us but no country will be able to seize it alone . 
  the uk will be able to seize it alone , as will switzerland , as will norway , as will iceland . 
  i know , right !, 
   a hard border is a customs border not really , unless you consider there to be a hard border between norway and sweden . 
   but it means vehicle searches , passport checks and waiting times . 
  this does not tend to happen between norway and sweden . 
   the point is that immigrants will have their chances of being employed lowered , making it hard for them to integrate and become productive members of the society . 
  i am not sure if you have been to the uk , but we have 100,000 s of immigrants coming here each year who are well integrated and extremely successful . 
  it does look like she wants to win this . 
  she is likely to win a landslide and have an overwhelming parliamentary majority . 
   newsflash : there are racists , xenophobes , and bigots in britain . 
  there are racists , xenophones and bigots all over the world . 
  rather than singling out the uk here , it would be better if you pointed this out . 
  otherwise you are implying incorrectly that the uk has a specific problem that other countries do not have . 
  and that would be bigoted of you . 
   the only reason there will now be a hard border is because the uk is leaving the customs union and because the uk wants to limit free movement . 
  that is impossible without border checks . 
  no , there wo n't be a hard border . 
  the uk does not want a hard border . 
  ireland does not want a hard border . 
  the eu does not want a hard border . 
  there will be a customs border between the uk and ireland , just as there is between switzerland and france . 
  quite obviously this is not a hard border . 
   it 's not just state law , it is international law , if the uk wanted out of free movement and the single market they got it . 
  the compromise would be a hard border around ireland including ni and then another smaller border around ni from the rest of ireland . 
  i am afraid you are incorrect here .
