  and they need the same solution as the british unions in the '70s needed . 
  it is great for you to be away from spain and us to be away from france and to be near each other , but apart from that it sucks !, 
  uk and portgual have during their entire histories been outward-looking , maritime powers , enjoying being at the edge of the continent , near the oceans . 
  now portugal is land-locked and uk only has the black sea . 
  and we both have suddenly to think about russia in a way that we never had before !, 
   between russia and kazakhstan . 
  i think i would n't survive ... :-( but you get to be near your best anglo-bros !, 
  anglo-portuguese alliance is best alliance !, 
  democracy in the eu does not work because there is no demos , no pan-european sense of identity , no pan-european media scruntinising the actions of the eu government . 
  it is unsurprising that the consequences are poor . 
  the uk will , outside the eu , continue to be a small island in the atlantic punching well above its weight . 
  the uk has nuclear weapons , a permanent seat on the un security council , the fifth largest economy in the world , one of the best militaries in the world , it is the home of the global language , the global financial centre , has massive soft power through film , music and literature and links with other countries around the globe . 
  i think we will be okay . 
  good luck in the eu without us !, 
  anyone else saw this ? 
  i was a bit disappointed ... 
  i do n't think we want to rule your country . 
  honestly , i am happy for you to make your own decisions about how you want to be governed . 
  i trust your national democracy . 
  the aim is to be able to make sure we can govern ourselves . 
  once we leave then the cries for a nexit will start . 
  britain is not going to leave the eu and just ignore the eu . 
  once we are out of the eu , we will triangulate our international relations , between eu , us and commonwealth . 
  in my mind this is the best option for the uk . 
  if the eu continues to do mad things like the euro and schengen , we wo n't try to stop you . 
  we will try and have friendly relations with you . 
  for us it will be great though . 
  sorry about you guys ( again ) ... :(, 
   the imf wants to spend the money of the european institutions . 
  in that position it 's very easy to call for debt relief . 
  the imf represents many countries in the world that are not in a currency union with greece . 
  greece 's debt problems relate to the fact that they do n't have their own central bank and are locked in a currency union while not being in a tranfer union . 
  it is the job of the eurozone to bail out greece ( i.e. 
  write off the debt that greece owes the eurozone governments ) . 
  it would be quite wrong for other countries to have to bail out greece when those countries are not in a currency union with greece and many of them are far poorer than greece . 
   you really think greece has been the first country that wanted the imf to stay out , yet the imf got involved anyway ? 
  the imf should have refused to get involved , but germany insisted that they be involved . 
   how many african states have they destroyed so far ? 
  :d they expanding to the north now eh ? 
  the imf 's position is the most helpful to greece , the position that is most likely to resolve the crisis and the position that is most likely to ensure that imf creditors ( which include african states ) get their money back . 
  i think you like us more than you like our country !, 
  or maybe that 's just my perception ... 
  colour me unsurprised that the commission defends this kind of b/s . 
  very sensible post from you , as always . 
  while the uk and poles do have common interests , they do n't really like us as a country that much . 
  a pole once told me that we are fourth on their hate list ( after russia , germany and ukraine ) . 
  anglo-portuguese alliance forever :-) ) ), 
  france beats the uk but only by alphabetical order ... 
   by your logic , an institution that makes a mistake should continue making the same mistake , for the sake of not appearing arbitrary . 
  generally i think the avoidance of arbitrary exercise of power is fundamental to good governance . 
  in situations where this arbitrary exercise of power might be for political reasons ( i.e. 
  whether or not you are within the epp , whether or not there exists a potentially proeu government waiting in the wings ) then it is best not to intervene at all , particularly where the underlying matter at hand is rule of law . 
  if the commission has made a past mistake it should only act now if it acknowledges that past mistake and takes steps to rectify it and explain why that mistake was made . 
   an a related note , i remember the controversial reforms in hungary were significantly toned down eventually from their initial ( more controversial form ) after eu outcry . 
  that may be a reason why the procedure was n't eventually launche , although it 's a speculation at this point . 
  i am not an expert in the goings on in either hungary or poland . 
  from what i have read however it does not seem that risks to the rule of law are worse in poland than hungary . 
  i also note ( and i think this is a crucial point ) that the current hungarian government has been in power far longer and there is an absence of an effective opposition in hungary , which is totally different from poland . 
  this makes me think that it will be easier for the polish people to get rid of their government than the hungarians . 
   i am all for an honest debate , but the whole `` hungary was given a pass '' is downright false ( and as far as i understand , laws , including this framework , are , or should be , non-retroactive ) . 
  i do n't think you are describing the non-retroactivity correctly . 
  [ the eu 's rule of law framework does not just apply to specific actions that took place after it was adopted , but also apply to the toleration of situations caused by actions prior to it being adopted . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/effective-justice/files/com_2014_158_en.pdf ) thus , even though most of the things that orban did took place before the framework was in place , they are still there now . 
  is your position that there is greater risk to the rule of law in poland than in hungary ? 
  by intervening now in poland but not in hungary , that seems to be what the commission is saying . 
  we 've just legitimised orban . 
   this time we would have won !!!!, 
  this time we stay out of things , provided nobody touches belgium . 
   if it is a good thing in principle ( which atleast i think it is ) and you did n't do it from the very start , then you have to start somewhere , no matter how unfair that might look to the ones fucking up now i disagree . 
  if you act in an arbitrary way , even if some of those actions are objectively correct , you simply expose yourself as being arbitrary and this undermines your actions . 
   and just because a power did n't exist at the time does not delegitimize it . 
  poland signed up to the eu , and as such is subject to all the legal frameworks at the eu 's disposal . 
  if a new framework appears , it does so with the explicit or implicit approval of poland ( poland signed up to an eu with rules and rules for making new rules ) . 
  it seems like here you are saying that every power that the eu will ever get will be legitimate because poland joined the eu and has not yet left and it is free to leave . 
  while this is of course true from a legal perspective and not something i am disputing from that perspective , i think my wider point stands . 
  that point is that poles had full and frank participation in their recent elections with wide knowledge of what the pis were about . 
  poles have far less insight or awareness of the eu 's new rule of law framework that was created in 2014 . 
  when we consider a clash between the two , in my mind the former has a stronger electoral mandate , particularly when there are risks that the latter is used in an arbitrary way ( i.e. 
  hungary is given a pass ) . 
   yes , it does have that potential . 
  and poland is in a situation when what it signed up for clashes with what it wants . 
  the eu not acting also has the potential to have negative consequences ( not only in poland ) . 
  one of the reasons why discussions about democracy and the rule of law are so interesting is because they are not an exact science . 
  they are also closely connected to a nation 's history and temperament . 
  by discussing rule of law , you and i naturally reveal our own biases and views . 
  unfortunately , so it is also with the eu , which , regrettably has chosen to intervene in the polish situation but refrained from doing so in hungary , when they situtations are not materially different . 
  ironically , by an arbitrary intervention the eu undermines the rule of law itself . 
  indirectly the eu has just legitimised the actions of orban . 
   i 'm really sorry but you post in this thread a lot while obviously having very little idea of current situation in poland . 
  [ i 'm not going to pretend to have expertise in poland , i do have an interest though . 
  however , note that there are poles on this thread saying the exact opposite to you . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/40s0z8/eu_launches_firstever_rule_of_law_review_against/cywobwi ) given that you have this internal disagreement , my preference remains that you use your own democracy to resolve it . 
   also it seems to me that you do n't realize how diffrent democracy in poland is compared to gb i am quite aware that they are very different . 
  however , i think we share a desire not to have our democracies policed by people from different countries . 
   are you seriously arguing that the polish electorate thought the eu would never change ? 
  no , i am not arguing this . 
  i was making the point that at the time poland joined the eu it did not have the power to intervene in this way . 
  just because the eu gets new powers , this does not mean that we should think that electorates always want it to have those powers . 
   i 'm sure that is one of the reasons . 
  another is your dislike of the eu .
