  the important thing is that he cuts taxes . 
  i suspect he will and i suspect he will be clear about this before the election . 
  do you think he should n't be able to cut them , or perhaps that he should check with merkel first ? 
  in my opinion the people that he should check with are of course the french electorate , for taxation is a democratic question . 
   no wonder the nhs is in trouble the nhs is not in too much trouble , but it could be improved . 
  personally i would like the uk not to be too wedded to the current model of health funding , but to look at other models , such as the dutch or the french model which arguably are more cost efficient . 
  unfortunately there is huge wastage within the nhs . 
  i suspect fillon ( an anglophile and a thatcherite ) is also going to explicitly campaign on cutting corporation tax . 
  as a francophile i am very happy for france that their next president will be so committed to reducing taxation , it will be wonderful for the french economy . 
   please link a reference to a party manifesto of a government party that explicitly promised to slash corporate taxes in any major industrial nation . 
  [ here is the conservative party manifesto 2015 . 
  ] ( https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/manifesto2015/conservativemanifesto2015.pdf ) note that it says : '' * to support jobs , we cut corporation tax from 28 to 20 per cent over the course of the parliament , reduced national insurance bills and capped the rise in business rates . 
  we have extended 100 per cent small business rate relief and are providing extra support for high street shops by increasing the business rates retail discount to # 1,500 . 
  in the next parliament , we want to maintain the most competitive business tax regime in the g20 , and oppose labour 's plans to increase corporation tax . 
  we will conduct a major review into business rates by the end of 2015 to ensure that from 2017 they properly reflect the structure of our modern economy and provide clearer billing , better information sharing and a more efficient appeal system . 
  * '' the conservative party specifically campaigned on the basis of maintaining the most competitive corporate tax regime in the g20 . 
  and here is what they said in their 2010 manifesto ( you can find the link on google , but for some reason i ca n't seem to link it here ) : '' * the conservative party believes in lower and simpler taxation . 
  that is why we will ensure that by far the largest part of the burden of dealing with the deficit falls on lower spending rather than higher taxes . 
  cutting the deficit is the most urgent task we need to undertake if we are to get the economy moving , but it is not enough . 
  so , initially , we will cut the headline rate of corporation tax to 25p and the small companies ' rate to 20p , funded by reducing complex reliefs and allowances . 
  over time , we hope to reduce these rates further . 
  our ambition is to create the most competitive tax system in the g20 within five years . 
  * '' they could not have been clearer . 
  they campaigned on cutting corporate taxes and they are cutting corporate taxes . 
  hopefully they continue to do this going forwards . 
   abolish any levelling of the ` playground ' i 'm not sure what you mean by levelling the playground , but obviously if peoples do n't want the playground to be levelled then you are effectively denying their democracies if you try to force a level playground on them . 
  if you deny people their democratic right to change laws then you will create new problems . 
   i do n't believe any government is elected because it promises to slash corporate tax . 
  of course governments are elected because of a range of policies and a general programme , but corporate tax is part of that programme . 
  it is certainly something that i care about when it comes to making my vote . 
  do you totally ignore corporate tax levels when you decide who to vote for ? 
  that seems weird . 
  it is part of the democratic debate and it should stay that way . 
  please do n't try and take away democratic decisions from elected representatives . 
   if you want to reduce national barriers to trade , you need to assure fair trade , which includes fair taxation . 
  i believe in free trade and therefore think that the uk should abolish all tariffs on all imports whatever the taxation levels of the country we are importing from . 
  you do n't believe in this because you do n't believe in free trade . 
  that is fine , we believe in different things and we must therefore be free to run our different countries in different ways , as befits functioning democracies . 
  if you think tariffs and protectionism will help your country , fine . 
  but there is no need for us to have them . 
   the uk 's reference to low tax jurisdictions is tiresome . 
  i really do n't care too much about tax levels in ireland or cyprus or malta , that is obviously a question for their democracies and their governments , just as the uk 's tax levels are a question for our democracy . 
   it 's funny how many times this has been written in history . 
  everyone thinks they 're in some sort of enlightened age . 
  not really . 
  for most of the last century nobody thought that there was democracy across the european continent . 
  it was painfully obvious that warsaw pact countries , ussr did not have democracy and also clear that spain , portugal , greece did not have democracy at certain times . 
  it is also clear that not everywhere in europe has democracy now . 
  russia does not . 
  turkey has a very weak democracy indeed . 
   and rising quickly of course it is rising quickly . 
  it is industrialising . 
  europe is already industrialised . 
   you have got to be kidding me . 
  most european countries have more or less functioning democracies , with free and fair elections , independent press , independent judiciaries , changes of government etc. 
  unfortunately not all of europe has this , in particular russia and unsurprisingly it is this lack of democracy which is the main source and likelihood of war in europe . 
  in democratic europe the idea of war is unthinkable . 
  do you really think that there is any possibility of the uk and belgium going to war while they stay democratic ? 
  the uk and belgium might have differences but we will sort them out without war . 
  the idea that we ca n't have regulatory innovation and competition because of war is insane . 
   you do realize that this constant competition led to constant war right ? 
  imagine that in a modern setting . 
  we in europe are now in a democratic age . 
  our elected leaders in our democracies are able to avoid war . 
   also , how do you explain china in this sense ? 
  china is not a democracy and is much poorer than we are . 
  it really is not a good model to follow . 
  the article is not about tax competition , but about regulatory competition . 
  it is in fact regulatory competition that i am primarily interested in , but tax competition is also important . 
   to reduce corporate taxes in a race to the bottom or to figure out tax evasion does n't involve any novelty or inventive step . 
  the level of corporation tax is not something that everyone agrees on , different politicians have different preferences and therefore in a democracy politicians must be able to campaign on raising or lowering taxes - otherwise democratic questions are taken away from the electorate . 
  the question of taxation is fundamentally linked to the question of representation and it is for elected representatives to decide taxation levels rather than bureaucrats . 
  taxation should only be levied in the uk with consent from the uk parliament ( this principle is no less relevant now than it was in 1640 , when we fought a civil war over this principle ) . 
  if the british people want taxes to go up or to go down they must be able to elect politicians to carry out their wishes . 
  it really is not something for german politicians to get involved with - german politicians should focus on the taxation levels in germany . 
  presumably you want german politicians to be able to raise or lower taxation in germany ? 
  or do you want that power to be taken away from them ? 
  currently taxation levels is not even something which the eu has competence over . 
  if the eu does want competence over it , then it will be interesting to see the reaction in low taxation eu countries , like hungary , estonia , ireland and so forth . 
  i would be astonished if they would accept it . 
  however , obviously this is something for the eu to work out and it does n't really concern the uk . 
   that while political unification might help increase competition in the marketplace , it risks restricting competition . 
  the long-run benefits of variety and experimentation are lost . 
  this . 
  brexit will be good for all of us because it will encourage competition . 
  this is also exactly why the uk must leave the single market and start regulating differently and innovatively . 
  in some ways the uk will regulate worse than the eu and in some ways it will regulate better . 
  but we will all benefit from trying out different alternatives and studying the consequences . 
  competition between regulators is just as important as competition between businesses . 
   seriously though , if you hate the eu and want nothing to do with europe , why the fuck are you posting on / r/europe ? 
  i love europe . 
  eusceptics have as much right to post on / r/europe as euphiles . 
  however , your kind of aggressive post has absolutely no place on this sub . 
   ^ ( that moment where i agree with trucidator ) ummmm - thanks - i think !, 
   the eu i voted to stay in was n't a protection racket . 
  yes it was . 
   companies like facebook provide high end jobs for the people that did not vote for brexit , the dreaded ` urban elite ' , i voted for brexit . 
  i am part of the urban elite . 
  things are a bit more complex than your summary . 
   the uk is hugely reliant on imports and the people enjoy a good living standard because of it .
