  there is a chance that the uk will have a referendum in 2017 and there is a chance that brits vote to leave . 
  it would be absurd , given this , if newspapers did not cover it as a story . 
  you do n't believe your own words that it is an `` empty topic '' , which is why you choose to spend time discussing it with strangers on the internet . 
  if you believe in spending time discussing it , of course newspapers will too . 
   i have n't used the word baddie at all . 
  in that case it was odd to agree with and quote from / u/frankeh who did use that term . 
   i 'm saying the brexit is a pointless and tired narrative trotted out to sell papers and deflect attention from a lack of ability or ideas among politicians and held onto by certain folk . 
  whether or not you think it is tired , it is a very real possibility and discussed by newspapers of whatever opinion across the whole of europe . 
  i 'm not sure why you think it relates to a lack of ability or ideas . 
  yes , although the person you are agreeing with , / u/frankeh , is n't making a point about the merits or otherwise of brexit . 
  she is making a point that the uk should not be seen as the baddies of the eu . 
  you seem to be saying that some in the media and some politicians characterise the uk as a baddie . 
  i 'm not sure what your definition of `` baddie '' is , but i certainly do n't characterise the uk as a baddie . 
  i 've no idea what point you are trying to make about me ... 
   london has already declined to sign some of the new banking treaties the eu enforced after the financial crisis of recent . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/dec/09/david-cameron-blocks-eu-treaty the article does not really back up your point . 
  the treaty that the uk did not sign up to mentioned by the article was the fiscal compact , requiring greater adherence to the rules on budget deficits and empowering the european commission to scrutinise budgets to a greater degree and putting in place a system whereby those countries that breach the rules can be fined . 
  this measure was enacted in response to the eurozone crisis . 
  it did not make sense for the uk to sign this treaty . 
  for one thing , the uk is outside the eurozone and thus free to set its own budget deficit limits . 
  for another thing , the obsession with budget deficits at a time of recession is economic insanity and has been instrumental in damaging the recovery and raising unemployment in the eurozone . 
  most financial regulation arising out of the financial crisis applies to the uk in the same way that it applies to the rest of the eu . 
  one noticeable difference is that the uk stayed out of `` banking union '' . 
  again , this makes sense seeing as the ultimate backer of the uk 's financial system is the bank of england rather than the ecb . 
  they liked the euro before the eurozone crisis , which showed the flaws of the single currency in all its glory . 
  if greece does leave the euro , the anger and blame that the rest of the eurozone will feel towards greece will be much much more extreme than it currently is . 
  it will not be in the interests of the eurozone for greece to succeed outside the eurozone , because a successful greece with a drachma would inspire eurosceptic movements across the eurozone . 
  if greece leaves the eurozone , the eurozone will try and crush greece even more . 
  however , it is still probably the best option for greece , because the option of a fiscal union is now looking increasingly unlikely as this election in finland is going to demonstrate . 
  maybe i am being pessimistic , but i see no good outcomes . 
  the british royal family just do global marketing on an entirely different scale from the rest of the european monarchies , hence your assumption about their popularity . 
  my sense is that all the north western european monarchies , dutch , danes , belgians , norwegians , swedes , brits , are within a similar range in terms of popularity : large majority in support . 
  spain is the outlier , where they are less popular . 
  when it comes to the 2014 eu election , the relevant starting point was n't 2010 general election , but 2009 eu election , in which ukip were second behind the tories . 
  by far the majority position in the uk is that self-determination applies to the northern irish ... :-), 
   ukip won the eu elections despite being about the 5th biggest party . 
  i 'm not sure how you measure size , but dying the whole year prior to the 2014 eu elections , ukip were third in the polls . 
  since then , they have stayed third in the polls . 
  they are not the fifth party , they are the third party . 
  this is not about trying to look important !, 
  would you prefer that the uk did n't defend the falklands ? 
  can you kick the uk out too please ? 
  yes , it would be absurd for argentina to take a new colony in the 21st century against the will of the people who live in the falklands . 
  if you support argentina , you are supporting colonialism . 
  it is not absurd for the uk to say to the people of the falklands that they can govern themselves and decide on their future . 
  the falklands issue is solved . 
  the solution is the will of the people . 
  we ca n't ignored them . 
  whatever the reason for the falklanders not wanting to be be part of argentina , that is irrelevant . 
  the fact that they had a referendum on it should be respected . 
  argentina 's claims are ridiculous . 
  the natural resources belong to the falkands . 
  they do n't belong to the uk . 
  the uk does n't really benefit from the natural resources . 
  brits would feel differently if the people on the falklands wanted to be part of argentina . 
  but they do n't . 
  we have no choice but to respect their wishes . 
  brits learnt the hard way how important self-determination is for a people . 
  we got that wrong in the past , that 's why we feel strongly about it now . 
  you just wrote `` regression to the mean '' without anything else . 
  if you think that there are other things involved , it might have been better to have written more clearly . 
  yes , but if your position is that any movements in employment data are simply a regression to the mean , that is an incredibly unhelpful statement . 
  you could equally say : french unemployment goes up to 10.5 % , that 's just regression to the mean . 
  german unemployment goes down to below 5 % , that 's just regression to the mean . 
  which employment movements have n't been regression to the mean ? 
  zero-hours contracts are about two per cent of the work force . 
  the large majority of jobs created have been full time and permanent . 
  this is what i do n't get . 
  if people like you and me do this for free , why would anyone pay someone to do it ?!, 
  seems pointless . 
  macro-economics is not an exact science . 
  there is never any scientific proof , everything is argument and relies on theories and assumptions and there are always variables that can not be controlled . 
  a well-argued article is no better or worse a source than a quote from a think-tank or an economics paper . 
  no economists predicted that employment would grow this fast in the uk . 
  the obr , the imf , the european commission , the bank of england all thought growth would be slower . 
  in this respect , the best economists in the world were wrong . 
  what do you think caused the massive growth in jobs in the uk if it was n't changes to taxes and benefits rules ? 
  jobs have been created in the private sector , not the public sector , which has lost jobs . 
  this article explains [ well how taxes and benefits impact jobs ] ( http://www.spectator.co.uk/features/9475222/the-coalitions-jobs-record-is-miraculous-why-wont-they-talk-about-it/ ), 
  you ca n't just claim something is regression to the mean without an argument as to why it is or some kind of data analysis . 
  in what respect is the uk 's current employment rate a regression to the mean ? 
  what rise would n't be a regression to the mean ? 
  80 % 90 % i did read your link , but it was argued poorly . 
  looking at the underlying jobs data , which eu country would you say has better data than the uk ? 
   well i think you need to make sure you know what regression to the mean is because , for it to not be that , the employment rate would have to have been constantly rising since forever . 
  the uk employment rate , at 73.4 % , is currently higher than it has ever been . 
  it has not regressed to the mean . 
  it has reached a historic height . 
   d-david cameron ? 
  is that you ? 
  i 'd recognise those disingenuous stats anywhere . 
  [ look at the data from eurostat . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/zklyjrf ) look at the numbers . 
  the net increase in the uk is bigger than the net increase in the reu . 
  it is n't misleading to say this . 
   regression to the mean ... no , it is n't regression to the mean as the employment rate is at a record high . 
   + population growth . 
  no , it is not just population growth , though even that is extra-ordinary . 
  thousands of people move to the uk every week and find work easily . 
  the uk has in the last couple of years created more jobs than the rest of the eu put together .
