   he is talking about changing the touquet agreement . 
  any citation ? 
  good for france - an anglophile thatcherite with a british wife . 
  [ vive l'entente !, 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/4sxdelp.png ) so proud of france and the french right now < 3, 
  i share your religion , but i am a fundamentalist !, 
  do n't ask me to pay taxes ... 
  where is anti-semitism in ukip ? 
  username checks out . 
  fake news, 
  he seems more pragmatic and anglophile than jupp\u00e9 . 
  he is n't talking about changing le touquet agreements for example . 
  i think the only way that le pen can win is if there are a couple more serious terrorist attacks in france before the vote ( on the scale of nice ) leading to a perception that france is not in control . 
  otherwise i do n't think that there is any rhetoric le pen can employ to win this . 
  but i think antieu might not be enough . 
  i suspect her best shot against fillon is for le pen to focus on her being the candidate that will protect france 's way of doing things . 
  but i do not see her even coming close - ie getting more than 40 % in the second round . 
  from uk 's perspective , fillon is the best choice . 
   these are investments where the decisions have been made a year or two ago . 
  but the fact that they have been confirmed since the referendum is very positive . 
  if they were worried , they would have pulled out of these deals and not announced them . 
   if you do n't think the gravity of higher prices , weaker purchasing power compared to when and where ? 
  the pound was overvalued before the referendum . 
  also , to be clear , the pound is not a symbol of national virility . 
  the reason why we did not join the euro was exactly because we thought it was necessary for the pound to be able to rise and fall in value . 
  you might also know that the last time the pound fell this much , black wednesday , was the beginning of a fantastic period of growth in the uk . 
   less investment investment has gone up since the referendum . 
  this is partly because the uk has such a good business culture and low taxation . 
   and a more bureaucratic business environment the uk , outside the eu , can reduce bureaucracy . 
   now what actually happened with nissan for example ? 
  a quick hand shandy from tm was n't going to sway their minds so what gurantees did they get ? 
  nobody knows for certain , but commentators assume that uk government persuaded nissan that the uk and eu would agree tariff free trade in cars . 
   either they 're secretly going to cave on this freedom of movement nonsense , they 're deluded or they have some sort of mind control device that 's going to change everyones mind . 
  of course the uk should not cave in free movement . 
  it should be the uk government answerable to the british people to decide immigration into the uk . 
  i like high immigration , but not everyone in the uk does . 
  ultimately this is a question for our democracy to deal with . 
  politicians should be accountable on this . 
   do not control the minds of scientists thinking about whether to move to the uk or to the eu . 
  whatever we 're pulling out the bag it 's going to have to be pretty bloody persuasive and not just `` come here its great '' . 
  uk has fantastic universities doing great research which is the main attraction . 
  then there is the english language . 
  then there is the amount we fund it . 
   too does highly in demand skilled people coming here rely on them actually wanting to and not feeling as though they 're only welcome as long as they are directly useful . 
  countries like usa , canada and australia take this approach and do well from it . 
  uk can too . 
   climate change , rising seas , living below the sea level already . 
  build a wall and make the eu pay for it ? 
  personally i think dutch engineering will do fine . 
  this is a problem you have been living with for years , but our technological capabilities are far better now . 
   to the extent that my government can extract guarantees from the rest of the eu that we will get the same kind of solidarity if the netherlands ever are in need , sure this would be the deal . 
  however , i do n't think the money will be going to you , but away from you . 
   if the uks offer is stagnant pay and employers leaving then we ca n't just say `` well we speak english though ! '' . 
  this is not the case in the uk . 
  employment is currently at all time high , with it growing since the referendum . 
  also note the continued good news concerning investment , facebook , google , jlm , nissan etc. 
   i 'd hope we would too but are you really very optimistic about that under the current government ? 
  current government seems to be focussed on infrastructure , what with heathrow , hs2 , hinkley point . 
   what was said about science and research by the leave campaign about what would happen to them ? 
  vote leave focused on science and technology . 
  however , this is largely irrelevant because they are not the government . 
   perhaps more important do you really think the government is going to risk political fallout from easing immigration restrictions again to allow researchers to work properly ? 
  i think most people who voted leave want high immigration for scientists . 
  i certainly do . 
  however , it is n't just the views of leavers , it is the views of everyone that is important . 
  i am sure you also want the uk to be welcoming to scientists . 
  personally i think that it would make sense for the uk to limit unskilled immigration from the eu and have more highly skilled immigration from the rest of the world . 
  we can say that , but it might not be true . 
  are you prepared to be taxed more ( like a lot more ) and for that money to go to italy ? 
  if the answer is `` yes , i want to give more money to italy '' than perhaps the euro will get better . 
   smart people from abroad are n't stupid they dont want to come to a country and then be worried they 're going to be shooed out the second they are n't useful . 
  lots of people came to the uk in the last three months to find work after the referendum . 
  uk is a very attractive destination because it is very easy to work in the uk and because of the english language . 
  this is exactly why countries like australia , canada and the usa all get loads of immigrants . 
   and likely cutting ourselves off from research co-operation etc then we 're going to start fighting against gravity to keep people unless we spend a shit load of money that we supposedly saved from brexit . 
  this is what i would like to do with the money we save - invest in science and research . 
  uk has fantastic universities which we can leverage even more . 
  it is ( in the long run ) sensible for italy to murder the euro . 
  it killing them . 
  this article is surprisingly sensible for the economist . 
  by mentioning that he was a hero for many , i think it is more on the positive side . 
  that does not need to be mentioned . 
  it is also a fact that many people who criticised his regime were imprisoned . 
  by only choosing positive facts , the statement seems unbalanced . 
   meh i 'll pay in jan 2017 do n't worry  sounds like you already think you will lose the bet , 
   that said imho i 'm more betting on the end of brexit ( 2019 ? 
  ) ; but yeah i 'll put the 2 months on the table no issue haha let 's keep the current bet on the table , but i will be happy to do additional bet after this one if you like , 
   britain had just as much a stake in it as everyone else though we actually had less stake as we were one of the only countries that had continual democracy and not been invaded and therefore felt far less need to change our existing structures . 
  nice doing business with you , 
  unsurprising that juncker supports someone who hated democracy . 
   pfft , go for 2 months of reddit gold ? 
  please remind it to me that said because i 'll forget ( do n't hesitate to save the post link or screenshot if you want ) https://www.reddit.com/gold/about/ that is fine . 
  today is 25 november . 
  let 's confirm the exact terms of the bet - if the value of 1gbp is less than or equal to 0.9 eur on 25 january 2017 , i pay you two months of reddit gold . 
  if not , you pay me two months of reddit gold . 
   but you are n't in the eu market anymore so that mean insurances sold in the uk have no or little value in europe for example . 
  the uk currently sells more insurance to the usa than it sells to the rest of the eu . 
   but the closing of eu/uk ties will force the banking system to move . 
  just to confirm , the uk is not going to cut ties , it is going to stay open . 
  the uk is going to keep an open economy , because that it the best way to have a global financial centre .
