  the only difference between ukip and other political parties in europe is the list of countries from which immigation is limited is a different list . 
   you forgot to call us the eussr , or demand all immigrants be sent home apart from kirsten farage , who i suspect will somehow slip under the radar . 
  ukip 's policy is that all immigrants who enter the uk legally should be allowed to stay . 
  they just plan on changing policy going forwards . 
  i guess this is why london is so successful - people just want to be here even though things like houses are expressive . 
  ultimately the job market is a very good one . 
  and yet , you stay in london . 
  what does this say about you and london ? 
  yes , but ultimately those poor eastern european countries might not think it is fair that scotland gets a short cut . 
   considering that they were part of britain i do n't think there would be any problem letting them in on the same conditions as before . 
  this is possible , but i think a lof of countries who are obliged to join the euro might not want another country to join the eu which has no obligation to join the euro . 
  all other new joiners have had to take on the entire acquis . 
  the `` muh sovereignty crowd '' ( of which i am part ) are different from the `` muh immigration crowd '' ( of which i am not part ) and tend to be much more relaxed about immigration . 
  in any case , the ability to walk into the uk from ireland is different from the ability to work in the uk or get benefits in the uk . 
  personally i would expect that people wanting to go to the uk from continental europe will continue just to get a plane to heathrow or bus to victoria like they currently do . 
  as for not getting a say on the legislation - this is all open to negotiation and debate . 
  i do n't think ireland will want there to be difficulties at the border and i think the eu will have to be very careful about annoying the irish who will be the people in reu most impacted by a brexit . 
  i 'd expect that both ireland and the uk would want the uk to remain within the customs union or reach some kind of equivalent arrangement . 
  i think if turkey can manage the customs union than even the uk might !, 
  assume for example that scotland stays in the uk and then the uk votes to leave the eu . 
  in what way will the border between ireland and the uk ( which would become an eu external frontier ) suck ? 
  ca n't things carry on pretty much as they currently do , with the uk/ireland common travel area ? 
  i agree that voting in a referendum is an entirely different thing from voting in an election , but the two things are related . 
  the reason that scotland got the referendum was because of how they voted in other elections . 
  in my view this is the correct time to get an independence refererendum - after you have expressed a choice for having one . 
  regionalist parties do much better in some parts of the uk than others : look at northern ireland where there are pretty much only regionalist parties . 
  in wales they used to do better than they currently do , but have been losing share of the vote in both national and eu elections ( where the election systems are different ) . 
  scotland has not had hundres of years of not being able to choose its own destiny . 
  they have had elections for years . 
  the reason i responded to your first post was because you mentioned in your edit that you thought you were being downvoted because english people do n't support the right of the scots to self-determination . 
  this is not the case . 
  yes , of couse they should have the right to divorce . 
  nobody is arguing against this right though , are they ? 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  - ( 1 ) there are scots who want out of the uk and in the eu . 
  - ( 2 ) there are scots who want in the uk and in the eu , but if they could only have one would choose the eu . 
  - ( 3 ) there are scots who want in the uk and in the eu , but if they could only have one would choose the uk . 
  - ( 4 ) there are scots who want in the uk and out of the eu . 
  - ( 5 ) there are scots who want out of the uk and out of the eu . 
  i 'm not aware of any good polling that looks at the relative sizes of ( 2 ) versus ( 3 ) , but this is obviously crucial . 
   a couple from a forced marriage living together in relative ( and i stress `` relative '' ) happiness does n't mean that forced marriages are a good thing . 
  i 'm not saying that it does mean forced marriages are a good thing . 
  but if they have been living together in relative happiness for 300 years , it would seem a bit odd not to consider that when deciding whether or not they should separate . 
   i honestly do n't think the main eu members would really put up much fuss or make scotland 's entry difficult . 
  what about an obligation to join schengen ? 
  or the euro ? 
  would scotland get a rebate in the way the uk currently does ? 
  i see the rest of the eu having more difficulty with these things than the uk would . 
  the prime justification for the union is n't dynastic though . 
  i 'm not expecting you to list the entire history of political relations between england and scotland , but i would expect you to know ( and mention ) that the main justification for the union is what has happened since union . 
  i agree - she has been instrumental in vastly improved uk/irish relations and this is something that is appreciated both sides of the irish sea . 
  perhaps you guys can be persuaded to join the commonwealth ?!, 
  ( i kid , i kid ... ), 
  i agree - the irish who fought in the british army should deserve a special mention and honour all of their own - especially given they were under no obligation to fight and in many cases met with massive hostility at home . 
  britain and the other allies should never forget their sacrifice . 
  it is a simplification because you are implying that the only reason for the union is the circumstances in which it came about . 
  obviously , other factors , like everything that has happened subsequently , are also relevant . 
  also , it is somewhat misleading to imply that this is the first time that scotland have a say in what their future should be . 
  there have been elections in scotland for a long while now : these elections by definition give scotland a say in their future . 
  i expect this is why you were downvoted . 
  what makes you think that any people downvoting you ( english or otherwise ) do n't think scotland should be able to choose its own future ? 
  much more likely they disagree with your first paragraph , which is massive simplification and somewhat misleading . 
  i first arrived there about a decade ago and at that time a permesso di soggiorno was required and this was the real pain . 
  i see that since 2011 this is no longer a requirement for eu citizens . 
  the tax stuff drove me mad too ... 
  actually , there is more state bureaucracy as well . 
  though labour laws also play their part as you say ,, 
   edit a lot of english redditors seem to be opposed to nations choosing their future for themselves . 
  really ? 
  english people overwhelmingly support the ability of scotland to choose its own destiny . 
  it 's not really sour grapes . 
  we 've seen the difficulties that currency unions have with the eurozone and this is with a group of countries that are meant to be moving together . 
  the ruk / iscotland currency union would be between countries that are moving apart . 
  the inherent risks would not be fair on the taxpayer . 
  actually , it is different in different european countries , ireland and the uk being on the much easier side of things and southern europe being a bit more tricky . 
  i know that the dutch speak english phenomenally well . 
  however , that does n't mean that someone who has no skills and no dutch will easily find a job in the netherlands ( other than working in a bar in amsterdam or something ) . 
  there have been a couple of people who have satirised him already , by writing some fake french instead of a real translation of what they have written in english . 
  that made me laugh . 
  my own experience of working in italy was that this was quite a bit of an annoyance and it involved multiple trips to the local police station , getting photographs , letters from my employer , landlord etc. 
  perhaps it is a bit easier now . 
   u/trucidator do you know what the employment situation is like in portugal ? 
  i can already speak basic portuguese that 's why i ask ... [ official statistics for youth unemployment in portugal are very poor and significantly worse than the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/gallery/2013-05-14/20130518-euroguidehighres/mobile-frameless ) i have read that the portugese government encourages portguese youth to move abroad to find work . 
  i therefore think finding work will be somewhat difficult for you , unless you have connections or skills . 
  but i am sure one of the many portugese people on this sub can give a better answer than me . 
   fuck that , im thinking spain or netherlands maybe . 
  spain has chronic unemployment . 
  do you speak spanish ? 
  if not , your chances of getting a job in spain are somewhat low . 
  your chances are much better in the netherlands , but again if you do n't speak dutch and have no skills then you will struggle . 
  i would advise you to get skills ( and languages ) before trying to go abroad . 
   it 's too bad the uk is n't part of the schengen area because then it would be piss easy . 
  schengen area makes zero difference in this context : it is nothing to do with the ability to work or live in another country . 
  actually , it is not only yougov , [ it is also survation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_scottish_independence_referendum,_2014 ) . 
  it seems that these are the only polling companies that have done polls after the second debate . 
  we will see what other polling companies say in the coming days . 
   i know there is a slight rise according to some other polls , but i 'm skeptical of anything that is linked to that piece of shit rag . 
  yougov is considered reputable as a polling company . 
  the fact that it was done for the sun is entirely irrelevant as to how seriously we take this poll .
