  to be honest , germany will be fine if they have to return to the d-mark . 
  for decades , west germany was pretty much the most successful exporting modern economy ever , even in a europe where they were the only hard currency . 
  the type of exports germany make are incredible quality and will sell at almost any price . 
  germany are also selling more and more outside the eurozone . 
  germany is attached to the euro for political reasons rather than economic ones . 
  and tea in the afternoon if there is time . 
  when they want a referendum , there is no stopping them . 
  there is no point fighting it . 
  you 're much better off giving them a referendum but trying to make them lose it . 
  anyway , that is the approach that the uk government is taking with scotland . 
  i can not understand why the spanish government does n't copy this . 
  i think spain 's position of no referendum has become much harder with the uk being happy to have a referendum in scotland . 
  it is very uncertain how the rest of the world would react though . 
  in my mind , that should not stop the catalans . 
  if you 're feeling the love for independence you should just do it . 
  this is incredible by the greeks - i have total admiration for them . 
  britain is well behind in trying to get a primary suplus . 
  i work for a big international law firm and also have colleagues from all round the world . 
  i 'd say we are 25:25:50 brits : other europeans : non europeans . 
  i agree with you , in the end , if you are keen to work together , cultural differences do n't amount to much and can always be overcome . 
  but i would say this about all cultural differences across the globe , and not just european cultural differences . 
  i am able to do business in japan or brazil , just as i can in amsterdam or barcelona , shared humanity can always triumph over cultural differences and i do n't really distinguish between a european or a non-european when it comes to business . 
  we all have different and complex identities and perhaps for germans the european identity is a very strong one for historic reasons . 
  for someone like me who is english , i would say that my identies are certainly english and then after that british , but after that i do n't necessarily feel culturally closer to someone from europe than someone from the rest of the world - particularly if that person speaks english , has the same legal system as me and plays cricket and laughs at the same jokes as me . 
  just as germans are able to understand british culture easily because they have access to the language , so too are many other people round the world . 
  however far away australians and new zealanders might be from us , our shared cultural heritage and language means that we will never think of australians and new zealanders as being further culturally removed from us as we think greeks and italians are . 
  for britain our concern with europe has never been that it is too big , always instead that it is too small . 
  britain needs strong alliances and trading partners across the globe and i think we can achieve that best by leaving the eu . 
  on the common fisheries policy , i do n't know the details about that unfortunately . 
  britain has not liked the common agricutural policy for years and nothing seems to get changed despite us being in the eu . 
  ( margaret thatcher did manage to get the famous british rebate though . 
  she knew how to play hardball , old school ... ) as to schengen , i do n't have strong feelings about that . 
  despite not being in schengen i can leave my office in londonat 4:30 on friday and later that evening be in a bar in paris . 
  i hardly notice going through passport control . 
  in practice , britain for years has made it very easy for other europeans to work here . 
  we 've welcomed 400,000 french people to london anyway . 
   sigh dude , why the sigh ? 
  if you are not enjoying this debate , or think my arguments are somehow tiresome , no need to get involved . 
  i 'm trying to argue from an entirely bona fide perspective . 
  it should not be tiring or annoying to be challenged , you should welcome it !, 
  the reason why i post here is because i believe that people can have differences of opinion but still be friends , and still be bona fide . 
  dissenting opinions are to be welcomed . 
   so yeah , i think comparing your fellow europeans to these mostly developing countries is pretty nasty and frankly either intellectually dishonest or stupid . 
  i do wish euphiles would not call eusceptics things like nasty , intellectually dishonest and stupid . 
  the reason i asked the question is because you ealier asserted that ukip , in not wanting to be in a union with european countries , is nasty . 
  therefore i thought it would be worth finding out if you thought that there were any countries out there that you did not want your country to enter into a union with , to show that there could be reasons other than nastiness and so i picked a list of countries at random . 
  i thought this might show you that ukip , in wanting to leave the eu , is not motivated by nastiness . 
  it turns out that one of the reasons you do not want to be in a union with china is because of their cultural differences with europeans . 
  that 's fine - i think it is a valid reason , i do n't think it is nasty . 
  cultural differences is one of the reasons why i do n't want uk to be in the eu . 
  and yet , somehow , i am nasty for holding this position and also nasty for even asking you why you do n't want to be in a union with china ?!, 
  it also seems to be the case that you accept that on principle that there might be icelanders and norwegians who do n't want to be part of the eu for reasons other than nastiness . 
  therefore i think you should accept on principle that this might be the case for the uk too . 
  to indicate that a british person for not wanting to be part of the eu is nasty is a bit insulting . 
   the norwegian prime minister stoltenberg called his own country a fax democracy because that 's how he is regularly informed about his country 's new laws . 
  does that sound sovereign to you ? 
  because that 's how it 's going to be . 
  probably worse because your politicians have managed to piss off quite a few continentals already , so who knows what deal the uk will get when all is said and done . 
  we 'll see what deal britain gets when it leaves , that 's up for negotiation . 
  i agree with you that there will be an element within the eu that will not want to give the uk a good deal on leaving , that is geopolitics for you . 
  there will be other parts of the eu that will want to be much more pragmatic . 
  it is very clear that the reu can not really work out how it sees the brits , on the one hand they want us to stay in the eu because we are `` north-ish people with their north-ish voting habits and culture '' but on the otherhand `` our politicians piss them off '' . 
  personally i see these two things as two sides of the same coin . 
  i think it is great for the eu that there is a voice of opposition in debates and that there is a nation that says loudly and clearly once in a while , `` hold on , is this such a good idea ? '' . 
  i suppose partly i think that because the whole concept of justice and democracy and learning in the uk is adversarial - in our court rooms and in our houses of parliament and in our universities and in our newspapers , we love the rough and tumble of debate . 
  legislation and justice in the uk is never consensus-based , but always opposition-based . 
  thus , when the uk challenges something in the eu , we always think we are being helpful because a good justice process and a good legislative process ( in the eyes of the uk ) involves heavy scrutiny and opposition . 
  we 're trying to argue from an entirely bona fide perspective . 
  it should not be tiring or annoying to be challenged , you should welcome it !, 
  we believe that people can have differences of opinion but still be friends , and still be bona fide . 
  dissenting opinions are to be welcomed . 
  we 'll see where the chips fall and we 'll be happy with it in any case i am sure and also be happy with however our dear friends on the continent proceed . 
  hopefully you will be happy for us too , when we leave !, 
  edit - i made a few changes to try and make things clearer . 
  do you think your country should share sovereignty with israel , turkey , iran , n. korea , pakistan , usa , china and russia ? 
  probably you do n't want to . 
  this does n't mean you think you are better or special . 
  you might have some other reason . 
  also , personally i do n't care if all the other countries in europe want to federalise . 
  i think that should depend on what the people of those countries want , not what i want . 
  i can not understand what you think is nasty about it . 
  do you think norwegians , swiss and icelanders who do n't want to join the eu are `` just nasty '' ?!, 
  if ukip really had a nasty policy for dutch people . 
  why would the dutch guy at the start of this thread have said he wanted to vote for ukip ? 
  as for uk exiting the eu being bad for the eu or bad for britain , that is partly a matter of opinion . 
  some people think it might be good for the eu as you will be able to integrate faster . 
  some people think that it might be good for britain as we will have our sovereignty back and be more in control of our own laws . 
  these things are matters of opinion and depend on values . 
  there is no right or wrong answer . 
  i love the polandball link though . 
  if we leave the eu we still get to be able to play polandball , do n't we ? 
  ... do n't we ? 
  yeah - i wish in english we wrote the words together . 
  it can be confusing to remember if compound words are written altogether , separate , or with a hyphen . 
  is it road show ? 
  or roadshow ? 
  or perhaps road-show ?!, 
  i have found these posts about frisian incredibly interesting , so thanks very much . 
  i 'd actually be keen to learn frisian i think . 
  hard to find out where i could study it in london ...
