  if the eu does not give citizenship to any british citizens , that is also fine from the uk 's perspective . 
  why do n't we bet on it ? 
  it also means `` genteel '' or `` well-bred '' i.e. 
  gentleman or gentiluomo ... 
  i agree that different eu institutions want different things , but in terms of eu citizenship for uk citizens , this should be a non-point from the uk government 's perspective and not something it negotiates or even comments on . 
  wherever the different eu institutions get to in their discussions about this , it should have no impact on the uk government 's position which should be neutral on this point . 
  from oxford and always use the `` gone '' pronunciation . 
  often encounter the `` cone '' pronunciation , though ... 
  brexit is happening . 
  leave won the referendum already . 
  people complaining does n't change that . 
  why would it even be part of the deal ? 
  the eu can do this whether or not the uk agrees to it . 
  the eu just needs to decide whether or not it wants to do it . 
   we get rich retirees settling down in southern europe , you can get them without giving them citizenship if you want them , the same way that australia and usa get them without giving them citizenship . 
  while uk is business friendly , it is also very centralised , with one gigantic mega-global city far ahead of the rest of the uk . 
  so it was that aspect that surprised me ... 
  in london 2014 there were n't too many british athletics ( jess ennis , mo farah and greg rutherford ) . 
  personally i do n't think any of them doped . 
  there were loads of british cycling medals and while this is not a sport i know much about everything that i have read makes me think that there has been no doping . 
  from everything i have read about the uk referendum , the leave campaign used data much more effectively than the remain campaign . 
  i was one of the activists for vote leave in london . 
  on the day of the referendum , the remain campaign were standing at tube stations handing out stickers to commuters . 
  the leave campaign were knocking on doors of people that we knew would were sympathetic to the leave arguments . 
  the latter is just a better strategy and illustrative of better use of data . 
  unfortunately the olympics is not just a mere celebration of humanity . 
  it is of course very political , just as sport always has been . 
  the uk , interestingly , has over the last few years treated getting olympic medals like a business in terms of the way sports and medals are targeted and funded in a strategic way . 
  i do n't think the uk does anything that breaches the rules , but our cycling programme has been ruthless at using technology and science to our advantage . 
  so while this may still be ethical , it is still political and a way of marketing the nation and promoting an image of success . 
  for long distance running , not all drugs ( e.g. 
  epo ) harm bodies . 
  russian athletes tend to be educated and have access to the internet and the ability to research risks independently ( something that could not really have been said of the east germans ) . 
  i used to live in italy and as much as i loved it in the end the bureaucracy and taxation was one of the things that caused me to move back to the uk . 
  it is a real shame . 
  i am not sure there is any solution . 
  no , i was surprised . 
  6 out of 20 surprised me - i would have expected maybe 2 or 3 . 
  i know oxford and cambridge well and i had no idea they would rank so high . 
  there was a discussion on the bbc news yesterday about yulia stepanova , the russian whistle-blower . 
  from what she said , the athletes did have some choice and knew they were taking banned substances . 
  i am not sure if i feel sympathy with the russian athletes as much as the east german ones . 
  i think the east german ones were mainly victims , whereas the russian ones seem to be willing participants . 
  i am surprised that 6 in the top 20 are in the uk ... 
  this still makes me incredibly angry . 
  i paid a hundreds of pounds to take my parents , my sister , her husband , my nephew to watch some of the athletics events at the london olympics . 
  watching dirty russian athletes destroy clean british athletes and clean athletes from other countries was , in retrospect , a very sad and depressing experience , especially knowing that the russian state was behind this . 
  while i am still glad london hosted the 2012 games and i still am an athletics fan , i think that the whole memory is tarnished and my money wasted . 
  i also feel very sorry for the clean athletes who basically wasted their whole professional careers to get humiliated by cheats on the biggest stage of their lives . 
   it 's not a whole lot better for those us who are british looking on in horror at our government . 
  the current government is a popular one ... 
  if you have good skills you will easily be able to work overseas anywhere in the world . 
  if you have skills you will be fine . 
  focus on getting skills . 
  if your firm is going to relocate you , then they will easily sort it out . 
  surely your firm is not going to just demand that you sort it out yourself ? 
  it could certainly be better ... 
  just get some skills and you will be able to work overseas easily ... 
  that awkward moment when you realise you already called on australia , canada and new zealand but `` forgot '' to call south africa ... 
  that difficult moment when the portuguese , your oldest allies , start arguing with each other about the anglo-portuguese alliance in the portuguese language ... :-(, 
   oh this would be amazing but i have no doubt our government would destroy it . 
  the eu can do it unilaterally . 
  they do n't need agreement . 
   i would pay a hefty sum to keep this and enable me to continue with ease to travel for work and enjoyment i plan to keep doing this for free . 
  to be fair nigel is not the only person in the eu parliament who trolls the eu . 
  there is an embarrassment of riches . 
  maybe because it is full of french people ? 
  the anglo-portuguese is an alliance of equals not about submission . 
  both portugal and the united kingdom are equal in this alliance . 
  but the united kingdom is even more equal than portugal . 
  / r/unitedkingdom kindly suggests that / r/spain stays completely neutral and is sure that an agreement can be reached about our interests . 
   r/portugal hereby declares it 's neutrality and offers it 's services to provide crappy supplies memes to whatever side is willing to buy upvote them , in the upcoming war theatre . 
  / r/unitedkingdom hereby kindly reminds / r/portugal about the treaty of windsor 1373 . 
  united kingdom politely requests use of the azores for hm 's navy . 
  upvotes to be negotiated . 
   same as that 350 million pounds a week then . 
  there is an interesting theory about the 350 million pound figure . 
  vote leave deliberately went for a figure that would be controversial ( i.e. 
  gross figure ) rather than a less controversial but still a high figure . 
  a controversial figure ends up being discussed a lot . 
  even if voters end up not believing the figures , voters do end up focusing on the concept of the uk paying high amounts of money to the eu ( which , in the end , is a concept that works well for the leave side ) . 
  as a leave voter i could n't have been less interested in that # 350 number . 
  i would have voted leave whatever figure vote leave used because i was voting on whether or not to leave the eu ( the question on the ballot paper ) rather than voting on a figure ( which was not on the ballot paper ) . 
  username checks out . 
  :-)  europe was once a worthy dream it was a dream i agree . 
  but it was n't real . 
   i was thinking there might be a payoff in the private sector when you hire someone who other reasons than skills . 
  hiring someone who wo n't be so good at the job is a poor business decision . 
  obviously , it often happens in business that people make poor business decisions . 
  but that causes their businesses to suffer , so you have to think carefully when you are hiring . 
   lmao if this goes through . 
  we keep freedom of movement into the eu ( but eu citizens ca n't come to uk ) and we get to keep voting nigel into eu parliament that is what i thought too . 
  if it is free , lots of brits would do it just to keep on voting people into the eu parliament to troll the eu . 
  therefore it will cost money . 
  therefore few people will actually do it . 
   maybe as a means of attracting high skilled brits to other european countries . 
  they could do that best by fixing their economies and tax regimes etc. 
  no , i have learnt the hard way that if i hire someone who is n't very good i am the one who ends up losing out . 
  so i am now just very cutthroat in making sure i make sensible hiring decisions and that means working out who is the best candidate and ignoring irrelevant factors like who is in my personal network . 
   perhaps the most foolish thing is that you would even generally expect recruiters and managers to abstractly place absolute priority to the integrity of a company 's profits above their own more concrete personal network or family and friends .
