   absolutely catelonia , but it 's unwise to oversimplify complex issues like this i think . 
  the spanish govt would be leant on heavily by industries who would n't want to see scotland leave . 
  also , it depends on timescales and what happens in catalonia between now and then . 
  just to clarify , there is no reason for scotland to `` leave '' . 
  it is theoretically possible for scotland to become an independent state and sign the eu treaties on the same day . 
  however , it remains the case that scotland would not benefit from the uk 's existing membership . 
  it would have a new membership of its own . 
   thanks for the ` country ' part : i did n't know it was actually called that within the uk its structure . 
  the uk does not have a written constitution , so nothing is really called anything officially in a constitutional sense . 
  in terms of history and in terms of a lot of common usage , the term `` nation '' is used to refer to england , wales , scotland and northern ireland within the uk . 
  alternatively it makes sense to call england and scotland `` kingdoms '' , wales a `` principality '' and northern ireland a `` province '' . 
  the term `` country '' is quite a vague term and can mean a lot of different things . 
   scottish waters leaving the eu would lead to at least a decimation of the spanish fishing fleet which do you think spain cares more about , its fishing industry or catalonia ? 
   spain 's current government is very weak politically , at least on a european scale . 
  central europeans would exert massive pressure on spain , scottish eu membership is too important to be allowed to fail . 
  just to clarify , i agree that an independent scotland would be able to become a member of the eu . 
  what i am arguing is that they would need to apply . 
  they would n't be members automatically . 
   i think we just got back to a problem we discussed some time back , including ` interpretation ' within civil law systems . 
  the ecj got a history of really extensive interpretation of the treaties ( and its legal predecessors ) . 
  are you sure you are n't stuck into the statutory law thought as you know it in the uk ? 
  actually i am thinking about the many international law precedents on scession which do n't really relate to the common law . 
  i am also thinking about the international law on treaties . 
  given that the treaties and eu law are silent on this point , i do n't see how they have any other option but to follow normal international law . 
   i know it sounds like a logical contradiction - and i do follow your argument - but do n't you think the ecj could come to some kind of ` implied membership ' verdict about scotland ? 
  of course , there is always a risk that a court make bad judgments , particularly courts like the ecj which have a history of this kind of thing . 
  however , this should not impact our own analysis as lawyers . 
  i expect that the us will give asylum to refugees from refugee camps in the middle east , rather than giving asylum to people that have paid people smugglers to get across turkey , across the agean to a greek island and then traipsed across greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , hungary , austria and germany . 
   correct me if i 'm wrong , but imagine this : in a matter of weeks after scotland 's hypothetical secession , almost all european nations acknowledge scotland as sovereign state . 
  this would definitely happen , assuming that scotland became independent by means of a legal process agreed with the ruk . 
  if scotland became independent via a udi , the question of recognition would be completely different . 
   this is a clear indication to the ecj of scotland its position in the world and moreover in the eu , so why would it not be able to ask itself the question whether the newborn ( or reborn ? ), 
  nation state of scotland did inherit eu membership from its mother state ? 
  i disagree . 
  if the rest of the world recognises scotland as a new and different country , it is impossible to simultaneously argue that scotland is the same country as the uk for the purposes of the eu treaties . 
   do n't forget that this is a highly sensitive issue and government policy on the matter could easily turn around . 
  in case of the un for example , scotland would become a new taiwan if the uk would actually be resentful about scotland breaking away . 
  actually , i do n't see this turning around . 
  if the uk really did not want scotland to become independent , they would not have given scotland a referendum on it . 
  also , there really is n't a strong mood in the rest of the uk to force a scotland that wants independence to stay with the uk . 
  ( over many years as an empire we have learnt the hard way that this kind of thing is ultimately pointless . ), 
  if scotland did a udi then the relationship would be extremely bitter . 
  alternatively , if scotland became independent via a referendum but then iscotland did not pay its share of the uk debt , then the relationship would be bitter . 
  in any other circumstance , the relationship would be similar to the uk/ireland relationship now ( a very positive one ) . 
  also , i think the catalan/spain example is quite different . 
  you have to remember that the uk has already given scotland a referendum . 
  this puts uk and spain in completely different ballparks . 
  2:36 marathoner represent ... , 
  the eu treaties are treaties governed by international law of treaties . 
  the membership of these treaties are nations governed by international law on recognitition of states and secession of states . 
  for the ecj to declare that iscotland remained a member of the eu if the uk were to leave the eu would effectively be ignoring a body of international law on treaties and secession of states . 
  i do not think the ecj would be able to judge that iscotland inherited the uk 's eu treaty rights and responsibilites , particularly with the ruk inherititing the nato membership , the debt etc. 
  to me the far simpler solution legally ( and also the politically acceptable solution , in light of catalonia ) would be for iscotland to reapply for membership ( on a much speedier timetable than normal given that they already comply with the majority of the acquis ) . 
   a polish/indian person is n't more subhuman than a british person . 
  india is not part of the eu . 
  the uk , within the eu , prioritises poles over indians . 
  one of the main reasons for wanting to leave the eu is to be able to put poles and indians on a level footing with regards to their immigration rights . 
   thanks for the ` country ' part : i did n't know it was actually called that within the uk its structure . 
  this actually strengthens a cause for seccession , absolutely nobody seriously argues that scotland can not seccede . 
  the uk has in recent years consistently argued for the right of a peoples do self-determination ( e.g. 
  scotland referendum , falklands referendum , gibraltar referendum ) . 
   you are probably right , however , it was the uk who said they would block the entry of scotland in the eu . 
  since the uk would be out , it could be pretty straightforward . 
  uk never said that they would block the entry of scotland into the eu . 
   the key lies with the ecj . 
  unless i am missing something here the treaties are completely silent on the event of a country/region of another member state secceding . 
  i would n't be surprised if the ecj rules that scotland would ` inherit ' its membership via the uk if it were to leave . 
  the ecj is renowned and loathed for its ` creative ' interpretations . 
  this to me seems entirely beyond normal international law on the secession of states . 
   i 'd like to think the rest of the eu would be right behind us in wanting to preserve our eu citizenship . 
  spain, 
   i doubt a `` literally bolshevik '' candidate could win the uk elections . 
  he is going to need to ease those fears . 
  otherwise the english in particular will rally even further behind tories ( minus immigrant-laden cities such as london or birmingham ) . 
  but he has plenty of time to do so , right now he is still free to blow his trumpet over his sudden success . 
  he will not fight the next uk general election . 
  the labour party will get rid of him . 
  he is too much of a liability . 
  many thanks for the interesting updates . 
  we 're not that perfidious :-(, 
  the funding of the refugee camps needs to go up massively . 
  uk and usa are providing the most funding . 
  it is cheaper to fund refugees here than in usa or europe . 
  there is no reason why this funding can not be achieved . 
  obviously , if you do n't think there should be any refugees in lebanon , you can pressurize your government to fly them all to the usa . 
  the number of refugees that the uk or the rest of europe takes directly from those camps need not necessarily be lower than the number that just are currently making dangerous journeys . 
  arrangements could be made with them . 
  also , there is no a refugee camp in syria . 
  the alternative is far worse and ultimately results in tragic deaths by drowning . 
  no , take him to a refugee camp in turkey or the lebanon etc. 
  the wrest should give asylum to the people in those camps who are most in need . 
  and they should take them directly from those camps . 
  this solution is both cheaper , more humane and avoids giving money to criminal people smugglers . 
  governments should only give asylum to people in the camps . 
  anything else encourages people smuggling . 
  i do n't think he should have said it . 
  however , he has n't breached the law . 
  i am supporting the rule of law . 
  we do n't know who said what , we only have a newspaper 's word for it . 
  putting the idea out there is not a crime .
