   on uk 's little vandalist tantrum worth it voting to leave the eu is not a vandalist tantrum . 
  i 'm afraid that this kind of language is completely unacceptable on this sub . 
  please kindly retract it . 
   down from 1.3 around brexit , and 1.4 in the years preceding it ... that 's over 10 % devaluation ... merely at the thought of brexit ... look at the last ten years of the exchange rate , rather than just pulling out one piece of data . 
   to paraphrase billy madison , everyone in this thread is now dumber for having read this sentence . 
  god have mercy on your soul . 
  british people are culturally less likely to fear uncertainty than many continental europeans . 
  personally , i think the fact that there is a blank piece of paper is a good thing - it allows maximum political discussion and negotiating space . 
   did the poor , lower educated masses vote for globalism ? 
  i think they did . 
  ( i was heavily involved in the campaign , knocking on thousands of doors during it and actually got a lot of data from it . 
  i think the uk feels confident to be a free trading nation . ), 
   clusterfuck coming what clusterfuck ? 
  the democratic process is an exciting one . 
  do n't be afraid of it . 
  rejoice that we are solving our differences via the ballot box rather than with gunboats . 
   two of the most successfull and rich nation in the world about to throw everything in the crapper because of their plebs and some serious problem with their crooked medias in the uk nothing has been thrown in the crapper . 
   what we do think is you shot yourself in a foot and will have to expend a lot of effort to keep it steady . 
  expending political energy is just another way of saying `` the democratic process will continue '' . 
  this is a good and exciting thing in my view . 
   ultimately , we will likely remain allies , possibly very close ones . 
  i agree with this . 
  i know that you hate the idea that the uk succeeds outside the eu , but it is going to happen . 
  since the british people voted to leave the eu , our economy has been doing fine . 
   and it seems most of your brexiteers were projecting brexit as a protectionist bundle - not really , i personally want uk business to be truly set free to compete globally , by reducing all tariffs . 
   your largest single market is continental europe . 
  the uk is not putting up any trade barriers . 
  ( the eu might put up barriers , because it is very protectionist , this was one of the reasons why we voted to leave it . ), 
   well , i guess the liberals are not going to make any political capital from promising one then . 
  they probably will make some political capital , but they wo n't get into government . 
   you did choose a hard path for yourselves we 'll be fine , there many liberal independent democracies in the world that are not in the eu . 
   only the uk government had the strength to admit that leaving the eu over trumped up immigration issues , and thus condemning the country to further years of turmoil and potential austerity , was not worth it for misplaced patriotism and an incredibly narrow majority . 
  the uk government is leaving the eu because the people voted for it . 
  i do n't see the turmoil or any more austerity than that which the people voted for . 
   only a silly man would try to undermine such position in these times , eh ? 
  the position is n't being undermined , it is being enhanced . 
  being in the eu is neither necessary nor sufficient for good economies growth ( we know that there are eu member states with bad economies and non-eu countries with very good economies ) . 
  point out the bits of my post in which there was an over-simplification that was misleading or unfair . 
   asking the public twice : why do voters change their minds in second referendums on eu treaties ? 
  the british people do not want another referendum . 
  the uk parliament does not want another referendum . 
  the uk government does not want another referendum . 
   as then europe can kick us out on their terms . 
  the eu wanted us to stay , the british people wanted to leave . 
  there is no `` kicking out '' , but an ordered exit , done by a mature democracy with the consent of the british people . 
   yet the day after the brexit vote it overtook the uk in terms of gdp , as your economy lost more in one day than it had contributed to the eu budget in 16 years . 
  the gbp goes up and down , but exchange fluctuations do not directly harm people . 
  the uk wants to have a currency that floats freely . 
  unfortunately the countries in the eurozone do not have a floating currency and therefore have to endure high unemployment in the periphery . 
  the gbp is currently at 1 gbp = 1.18 eur , a very similar level to much of the last decade . 
   rather to warn you to not be arrogant about something so frail and rickety as is the uk 's brexit plan an uncertain plan is a good thing , not a bad thing . 
  it empowers democracy . 
   whether some people want something is not always the best indicator of outcome it is not just that they want it , it is also the case that they voted for it . 
  that is the key thing here . 
   if theresa may can statutorily assume royal prerogative she can not statutorily assume royal prerogative . 
  the royal prerogative is not assumed by the government , it is something that the government has because statute has not removed it . 
   she even could use it to halt brexit , if she wants she can not do it if parliament pass legislation for brexit ( which seems likely ) . 
  even if parliament do not pass legislation for it , she might not be able to halt it because , as a matter of law , article 50 might not be revocable . 
   i mean , do you trust politicians to use the powers they are demanding for the purpose they claim to want them for ? 
  politicians are not demanding powers . 
   or do you have some sort of masochistic pleasure in being overtaken by france in under 24 hours ? 
  france has lower economic growth and higher unemployment than the uk . 
  ( i actually love france so hope they can turn around their economy soon and i think fillon , a thatherite and likely their next president , will help them enormously . ), 
  the uk not having a written constitution makes it constitutionally unusual , but this does not really impact its democracy . 
  having an unelected head of state is somewhat common , particularly in the very stable democracies in north west europe . 
   there 's a dead mp this is tragic , but she was not killed by a mob . 
   a judiciary under direct threat the judiciary are not under any threat . 
  we have a free press . 
  in a liberal democracy we should not fear the press criticising the judiciary . 
   a resigning diplomat if he felt that he was not able to do the job he was entrusted with doing , he was right to resign . 
   and tabloids discussing knives citation needed . 
  ( i do n't read tabloids . ), 
   let me know when you think we have reached full mob . 
  out of interest , do you accept that the uk will be leaving the eu ? 
  or are you refusing to accept it ? 
  the uk is not under water . 
  the uk has high growth and low unemployment . 
  the vote to leave represented a profound confidence in the uk 's institutions . 
   only if it had no good reason other than the demands of a mob . 
  there is n't a mob . 
  the voters voted to leave the eu . 
  to call this a `` mob '' is simply disrespecting the democratic process . 
   puts it through the decision of a legislature who consider both the needs of the majority and the minority before coming to a decision the legislature will consider the needs of the majority and the minority and will leave the eu . 
  both the majority and the minority accept that we will leave the eu because that is what the people voted for . 
   was it moved again ? 
  it has never been moved . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by `` indirect democracy '' . 
  if the government insisted that the uk remained in the eu despite the referendum , that would be a bit like an ochlocracy . 
  but the government making plans to leave the eu with the consent of the people and the consent of parliament is really not an ochlocracy . 
  remember that a majority of british people wanted a referendum , voted for political parties committed to having a referendum in the last general election , then a majority of mps passed legislation for one and a majority of mps publicly stated that the result should be respected and government did . 
  that still does not mean that the uk is not a constitutional democracy . 
   are you in favour of direct democracy ? 
  a direct democracy works extremely well in switzerland . 
  i do n't think that the uk should fully follow switzerland , but in certain situations it does make sense to check with the people directly in relation to questions of profound constitutional importance . 
   do you think taking unpopular decisions is unethical , and if so , do you advocate direct democracy ? 
  the extent to which a government may do something that is unpopular is of course a grey area and something we can debate . 
  there are some things which the government clearly could not do without checking with the people ( e.g. 
  scotland declaring independence ) and some things it clearly could do ( increase taxes on alcohol ) and the question of which things fall in which category is not a scientific question . 
  article 50 and the people of this sub are due to be triggered before the end of march . 
  the uk is still a constitutional democracy .
