  if german economists predicted this , why did n't german politicians refuse to join ? 
  good man . 
  the uk was right to keep control of its own currency . 
  there is no point being in monetary union with people that do n't really want solidarity with you . 
  i hope spain can regain control of its monetary policy . 
  thanks / that data is a decade old and includes millions of hong kongers who have never lived in britain whose nationality status is anomalous . 
  catholics in ulster do n't speak any languages other than english ... 
  is this a goal ? 
  where is this goal set out ? 
  i speak several languages , but i find the 1.6 figure very improbable even including immigrants and children of immigrants . 
  maybe i am mistaken . 
  there is just no way that the figure is correct for brits . 
  a vast majority of brits could not manage a basic conversation in a foreign language . 
   its deliberate as part of the ez 's qe policy , so it can be considered normal to that extent . 
  the purpose of qe is not exchange rates , but inflation . 
  exchange rates are a by-product , but not part of the policy rationale for qe . 
  just to clarify , cameron has said he will campaign to stay in if the renegotiation is achieved . 
  that is obviously an uncertain outcome . 
  there are people in the current cabinet who will likely campaign for a brexit . 
  you 're assuming that people do n't change as they get older . 
  also , the proeu vote is soft and will be less motivated to turn-out . 
  there is also a huge capacity for events in the eu to turn to the eusceptics advantage : look how the greece situation is being handled for example . 
  if 45 % of scots can vote for independence without knowing what currency they would have , brits can also vote to leave the eu . 
  euscepticism is much wider than ukip support . 
   why do n't you put your money where your mouth is ? 
  it makes no sense for the uk to bail out greece forever . 
  this would be the case if it stays in the eurozone , which is also why your government is refusing . 
  it makes sense once it leaves the eurozone as then there would be a prospect of recovery . 
   the problem is irresponsible propaganda from anglo media and investors who try to portray default and grexit as such a wonderful thing . 
  i think it is sh fortunately we have a free press . 
  and we also have free markets , and investors are free to chose to invest or not . 
  however , if you think greek debt is a good investment , there is nothing stopping you putting all of your money there . 
  a default and grexit would be extremely painful . 
  however , given that your country will not enter a fiscal union with greece , a grexit is the best medium term option for them . 
  the correct decision by cameron , merkel and the others . 
  he will be remembered and he created a real legacy . 
  while today might be a time for sadness at his untimely death , it is also a time for relfection on and celebration of at his phenomenal achievement . 
   if we default on our debts , we will default on the imf loans too so that 's that . 
  actually , that is not certain . 
  there is a chance that greece defaults on debts to european institutions but not global ones . 
  the imf has been far more sympathetic to greece than the ecb or the commission have been . 
  imf restructurings generally work . 
   the support you are talking about will be in the form of pressure to sell everything in the country in a firesale . 
  so imagine a bunch of vultures on a dead body ... not really . 
  with a new currency and a default , greece will have far more options to grow again . 
  you can devalue and export your way to a recovery , like iceland . 
  there could be a relatively short plan ( couple of years ) just until the markets lend to you again . 
  personally i think this is your best option . 
  obviously , it would be even better if you could start all over without any help whatsoever from any external body or agency . 
  however , if this ca n't be done , you will need to choose your friends wisely . 
  brits are on your side . 
  we have been saying for years that the common currency was a mistake . 
   we must leave euro as a currency , default on our debts and start over if we want to have any chance for a better future . 
  yes , this is sensible . 
  this is the long-term best option for greece . 
  my worries are : - the new currency will be initially unstable . 
  the government will need to be well-advised , mature and to have nerves of steel to ensure that it stabilises without drastic levels of inflation . 
  i am not really sure syriza is capable of that . 
  - greece will need some initial help from the international community . 
  ideally this would be the imf , but i am not sure if syriza will accept their help . 
  there is a risk that they go to china and russia for help and that could end up being a worry . 
  i hope that the uk and the usa have a plan to offer interim support in case . 
  awful headline ... 
  scotland can into best korea ? 
  the thing that annoys me most is that this crisis was predicted . 
  this is the exact reason why the uk refused to join the common currency and there were extensive debates in westminster detailing the problems with the euro 's design . 
  the people that designed the euro knew that these problems would come . 
  and yet they went ahead with it anyway . 
  their political project was more important to them than interests of europeans . 
   ugh , this is pretty scathing . 
  it is very scathing . 
  however , i think scathing is the correct approach to describing the current situation . 
  it is a total mess , but it is a mess that was predictable and it could have been avoided . 
  this is a problem we created and we are avoiding the correct solution . 
  it would be odd not to be scathing in these circumstances . 
   france and belgium are brother states , i 'm convinced that they 'll drop this if we contact them and argue why we disagree . 
  i do n't think they will drop this . 
  de gaulle was right . 
  belgium was invented by brits to annoy the french . 
  this is still happening ... 
  i 'm a brit and have to admit that tintin is a massive part of global culture ... 
   is it easy to rent out a place there ? 
  get steady income in pounds to cover the mortgage and have a house + asset on the return . 
  good advice and it is incredibly easy to rent out in london , but i am currently renting it out at very cheap rent to my sister , her husband and their daughter who has severe learning difficulties . 
  so i am paying most of the mortgage myself . 
  so i will just have to think carefully before accepting a salary in euro - it is possible i can negotiate an uplift . 
   you could try to transfer those liabilities to pounds , if it is a mortage on a house , you could have a look at taking a credit in euros , kredits are really cheap atm . 
  credit is also cheap in the uk . 
  my mortgage is on property in the uk . 
  i expect my long term career will be in the uk , earning in pounds . 
  i might just be living in the eurozone for a couple of years , earning in euro . 
  if i transfer my mortgage from pounds to euro now , there is a risk that if the pound in the future falls against the euro , the size of my liabilities will increase against my future earnings !, 
  i think i will just try and negotiate a better salary . 
  the brain drain for italy is terrible . 
  as a londoner the presence of italians is very visible . 
  thousands of bright italians move to london each week . 
  this will not end well . 
  no / a man who is tired of london is tired of life . 
  an interesting job has come up and i might do it for a couple of years ... 
   they forgot to tell the pope and the queen of england to piss off , qe2 is married to a greek .
