  they did not notice or care . 
   no one who actually lived through a devaluation thinks that . 
  i 've lived through several , including one last year . 
  it was fine . 
  british people seemed not to notice or care . 
   because if greece leaves and succeeds ( best scenario ) , what 's stopping other troubled countries doing the same ? 
  i agree with you , greece had its moment , looked over the edge , then walked back . 
  i just think you are now owned by the eu . 
  what can tsipras threaten ? 
  he wo n't pull greece out of the eurozone , so no need to give him a penny . 
  i think brexit is a good opportunity for all of eu to think about whether and how it works . 
   and y' all thought varoufakis was difficult to deal with . 
  as far as brussels is concerned , theresa may is going to be like thatcher on steroids . 
   take shipping containers for example on this i completely agree . 
  on some things harmonisation is entirely sensible . 
   take the fscs for example , the exact minutiae is n't as important as the threshold and who pays out - we 've already had one court case with iceland where the uk had to bail out private savings because of differing regulations . 
  while i am not an expert in the iceland litigation , my feeling is that it was not differing regulation that caused the uk to bail out private savings but ( i ) icelandic government could not afford it so simply refused and ( ii ) uk government decided to bail out the british depositors ( even though they had no legal obligation to do so ) because there was a perceived need to maintain financial stability . 
  even in the case of harmonised regulation , you still can not force an unwilling sovereign to bail out depositors . 
  happy to be corrected on this if you have good sources . 
  the other point on depositor protection is that it is not simply a regulatory issue , but also a political issue and as such we should perhaps accept that different countries and different governments might have different views about it . 
  if a bank fails , you might prefer taxpayers to take the risk , i might prefer depositors to take the risk . 
  i do n't accept that there is a single right answer here , which is why i am wary of it being harmonised . 
  ( i think a better way for british depositors to be protected from risky icelandic banks would be to force those banks to get customers to acknowledge risks . ), 
   but there is no reason why we would throw in free tariff reductions for no reason . 
  it really depends whether or not you believe in free trade . 
  if you do n't believe in free trade , then of course , have tariffs . 
  if you do n't , do n't have them . 
  ( this is one of the reasons why we voted leave , because the eu does not believe in free trade . ), 
  the uk has not suggested that it will impose non-tariff barriers . 
   the uk has just sent a signal to the world that it does n't like dirty foreigners staying in their country . 
  good luck signalling . 
  not really . 
  uk will likely relax immigration from some countries , just tighten it with the eu . 
  the uk does not want to revert to baseline wto standards , but would rather do this than retain the current arrangement . 
   which is fine in itself , in an increasingly global world you want and need harmonisation . 
  i disagree with this . 
  in a world with fast technological and scientific change , you need the ability to change regulation relatively quickly . 
  you also need to be able compare the consequences of regulation and have regulatory innovation ( to see what actually is safer or creates more growth ) . 
  you also want to incentivise regulators to try and to the best job possible . 
  all of this becomes much harder with regulatory harmonization . 
  in some areas , you need global minimum standards , but the regulation of financial services is not an area in which this should apply to the detailed content of regulations , but instead should apply to principles . 
   only without the big bad boogeyman , somewhere like ireland , luxembourg , or the netherlands are going to have to stand up and veto it instead . 
  ireland previously said to the eu that they supported financial transactions tax if and only if every eu country agreed to it . 
  ( they did that without actually supporting it , but knowing that the uk would never agree to it . ), 
  one of the wonderful things about brexit is going to be that countries like ireland will have to start saying no to things rather than rely on the uk saying no for them . 
  this can only bring about better governance . 
   biggest grower in the polls is the 50plus party , they want a complete halt ( ` pas op de plaats ' ) to further european integration , and support a smaller eurozone . 
  okay , i had heard about this party but did not know that they took an eusceptic line like this . 
  in any case , i need to buy popcorn for your election . 
  not because i do n't like your country ( i actually do love the netherlands ) but because seeing five parties try to form a coalition is going to be crazy . 
   they 're classical liberalist parties ( small state , independence , 2 % nato target spending , free trade with the world etc. ), 
  wow , i would vote for them . 
  the fvd people are particularly interesting in my opinion . 
   they could n't exactly stop it though , could they ? 
  agreed . 
  this is why it is necessary for us to leave the single market . 
   unless they also switched up to have single market arms and international arms if they were this flexible , we might have stayed . 
  i do n't think the eu is anywhere close to thinking about regulation like this . 
  the commission is culturally obsessed with hamonisation . 
   although i do n't see how they 'd be able to compete if they introduced the financial transactions tax fortunately we finally killed this zombie dead when we voted to leave in june . 
  they have n't yet admitted it , but it is not going to happen . 
   try doing that and the odds are that there 's another exit upcoming . 
  i agree with you that the dutch public are not really going to want the amount they send to the eu to go up . 
  i just wonder what your government is going to say and whether they will listen up or listen down . 
  in the uk last time round our parliament specifically voted to prevent cameron from giving more money to the eu , forcing cameron to have the biggest tantrum , lol . 
   we even go above and beyond eu standards , so i do n't see this as much of a problem . 
  actually , the eu does not want us to go above eu on standards or below them . 
  this was a major source of contention even before we voted to leave ( e.g in relation to bank capital ) . 
  in some areas we will want to go above the eu , but the eu will not be happy about that . 
  eu loves maximum harmonisation , whereas uk would prefer compliance with principles and global standards . 
  there is a very different culture of how laws should be drafted and what they should say . 
  there is also a different purpose behind the regulation : for the uk we want regulation for a global financial centre , for the eu they want regulation to make a currency union work . 
  that is actually one solution that several people are looking into : effectively the uk could have a dual regulatory structure and individual banks could choose which standards to comply with . 
  however , this would not be something that the eu wants , because essentially it would give the uk a competitive advantage . 
  it is basically going to be what she said in her speech . 
   well , yeah ? 
  if you 're selling a product you have to abide by the regulations of the country you 're selling to . 
  different countries have way different approaches to foreign banks accessing their markets . 
  in the uk , we give overseas banks extremely good access to our markets ( on the basis that we want consumers of financial services to have as great a choice as possible ) . 
  the only exception to this are non-professionals in the uk who are protected . 
  this completely different attitude towards regulation is one of the reasons why it does not make sense for the uk to be in the single market or for the uk to keep its regulation the same as the eu 's regulation . 
  they are just too protectionist for us . 
   it 's the principle that counts and willingness to do your share . 
  ultimately this is what collective defense is about . 
  exactly this . 
  as a brit who thinks nato is incredibly important i am really grateful and happy that a country like estonia is taking its commitment seriously . 
  it makes me think that my taxes going on defence are not pointless because others are prepared to do their part too . 
   because of brexit the eu is going to have to cut spending anyway , which is a good opportunity to revise our contributions and get a rebate . 
  uk , netherlands and sweden were basically the only eu countries that wanted budget to be cut last time round . 
  with uk out of the picture , netherlands position just got much lonelier . 
  what you pay will go up , not down . 
  uk seems to be moving up the rankings in recent years , also estonia is doing this too . 
   turn that into some kind of judgement about the european people is crazy . 
  there is no judgment about european people generally , just judgment of those on / r/europe . 
   put a flair on ( guide to the right ) so people wo n't assume you 're british people should n't be downvoted just because people are assumed to be british any more that people should be downvoted who are british ... 
   it 's the member states that do n't allow the eu to do things like guarding borders because of their precious delusions of sovereignty in a globalizing world . 
  it is the voters that want sovereignty , governments seem determined to give it away , but the voters are trying to stop them . 
  that is what brexit was about , the voters stopping the government get rid of the state . 
  we do n't need to reform the commonwealth . 
  it works .
