  when they smell blood , they will strike . 
  they have a very strong survival instinct . 
   do you think so ? 
  i 'd say most of the tories really do n't want an election anytime soon . 
  they will watch and wait what happens to the labour party . 
  the labour party are in a real mess . 
  it started slowly but got quicker towards the end . 
   how can cameron know whether may has the confidence of the house of commons without an official vote ? 
  he does n't know for certain , he has to guess . 
  however , he does know that the conservatives have a majority in the h of c and he also knows that theresa may is now the leader of the conservative party ( since this afternoon ) . 
  so the only way for theresa may to not have the confidence of the h of c would be for some conservatives to cross the floor . 
  there is no indication that this will happen . 
  there is therefore no point there being an official vote in the house of commons and official votes is not what happens in uk tradition . 
  to do an official vote would take too long and it would keep the queen waiting . 
  and nobody wants to keep the queen waiting . 
  parliament does not approve cabinet in the uk . 
  the prime minister appoints a cabinet and parliament does not have a role to play . 
   will the parliament vote the new government or will she be appointed as pm right away ? 
  parliament do n't vote governments in the uk . 
  the queen chooses a pm on the basis of who has the confidence of the house of commons . 
  these are the steps . 
  - cameron books an appointment to see the queen ( booked for weds afternoon ) - cameron goes to buckingham palace - cameron tells queen he is resigning - queen asks cameron who he recommends as the next pm ( i.e. 
  who has the confidence of the house of commons ) - cameron will say `` theresa may '' - queen thanks cameron - cameron goes back to downing street and puts all his stuff in the removal van - queen summons theresa may - theresa may goes to buckingham palace - queen asks theresa may to form a government - theresa may accepts - queen thanks theresa may - theresa may moves into downing street this all happens in 30 minutes . 
  it is a very quick process . 
  the meetings with the queen are private , so we ca n't watch them on tv . 
  afterwards buckingham palace might publish photographs . 
   the new prime minister of the independent , democratic united kingdom became prime minister by being the only one to run . 
  this is a pinnacle for democracy , people . 
  she was n't the only person to run . 
  two weeks ago many many other people were in the running . 
  five people even went through to the mps . 
   there are additional expenses on top of this they also pay as part of the deal . 
  to me in looks like norway opts into various things that the uk might not opt into . 
  they do n't look like the eea deal itself . 
  i do n't think may is very different from cameron in fact . 
  neither of them really have a strong ideology . 
   well , you said this a few days ago ... 
  i think i was being optimistic . 
  any citation out of interest ? 
   what other eu pillars ? 
  the single market also includes free movement of people , which was the most heavily criticized aspect of the eu by the leave campaign . 
  honestly , i am not sure why you need me to answer questions which you could find with two minutes on google . 
  [ take a look here . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_pillars_of_the_european_union ), 
   not good enough like in `` not competent '' or like in `` corrupted underwood level villains '' ? 
  without a real vision for governance . 
  may is in my mind a technocrat . 
   does she have to be there ? 
  ca n't she just send a telegram or fax ? 
  like one of those that play music when you open it . 
  she pretty much has to be there . 
   i get it , you 're actually french and want to brits to suffer as much as possible :p i am a brit , but i am also a francophile and want the very best for my french friends and allies , 
   whilst i was campaigning , you 'd be amazed at the amount of people who did n't care about the referendum result , they were just happy to vote leave for a chance to unseat cameron . 
  when i was out campaigning the vast majority of people were focusing on the eu as an issue . 
   i wonder if they 'd take back their votes now ... 
  the aim of voting to leave the eu was to leave the eu . 
  not to put johnson in downing street . 
  quite why you think farage would have been relevant i fail to see . 
   sadly , while i appreciate your point of view , it 's a general public street view where the blob of structural economic pain currently filtering it 's way through the system has yet to be observed , but it will and it will hit hard . 
  no , we will be fine . 
  ( unemployment in the uk is currently very low and much lower than the eu average . ), 
   how is it better ? 
  it 's basically eu without having any voice in the decisions . 
  it is not ideal , but it is better in various respects . 
  costs less , outside everything but single market , able to make ftas with third countries , able to sit on global standards settings bodies etc. 
   we 'd still have to follow the same rules the rules are not the same . 
  the eea is part of the single market , but not other eu pillars . 
   and pay the same for membership no , the cost is not the same . 
   not having any say in those rules actually , there is say in the rules . 
  for example , many rules are set at a global level and the uk can take its seat at global standard settings boards . 
   effectively be paying more by not receiving the eu money for deprived areas or a rebate at all the uk will be outside the cap thank goodness . 
  we should be pleased about this . 
   that 's if they do it straight away , could leave it a few days for cameron to attend a few final events while may prepares her cabinet . 
  i think it is question of hours not days . 
  i think pretty much the slowest thing will be the queen and i am sure she is making plans to come back to london now . 
   we 'll end up with eea membership . 
  even if everybody knows its a worse version of eu membership i would rather not eea , however , it is much better than the eu . 
   you to clear that up , there is no single eu president , but there are three presidents of soem eu institutions : actually , each eu institution has a president . 
  that makes seven i think . 
   no 10 say pm will `` not get in the way '' of hand over to theresa may no 10 has no say in the timing or control over it . 
  ( david cameron and samatha cameron are going to start packing downing street now . ), 
   well the pound sterling jumped to an ( ... ) all-day-high upon the news about may ... because brexit might be aviodablke ... so the bankers think . 
  brexit is not avoidable . 
  may knows this . 
  if may tries to avoid brexit , may 's government will collapse . 
  sterling has gone up because there is now more certainty about who the government will be . 
   uk is in a crisis at the moment , and the quicker we can sort our house out the quicker we can fix the shit show we 've all been left . 
  the uk is not in crisis . 
  calm down . 
  employment is at a record high . 
  so i guess likely it will happen when the queen gets back from scotland . 
  however , the queen does not like to be rushed . 
   also she has to organise the brexit , even she was against it in the first place . 
  it is hard to know whether or not she was actually against it , given that she did not campaign . 
  ( in my mind this is very cynical - the most important issue facing the uk since ww2 and theresa may stood on the sidelines and watched . ), 
   or even better ( tories could copy & paste ) : the tory party are still lizards so anything can happen now !, 
  there is just too much continuous news in the uk currently . 
  i voted for brexit and think all this change is welcome , but even i am getting exhausted !, 
   so gove back in the game ? 
  or bojo reapperieng ?
