  apparently , if there are a range of choices , people tend to go for what is perceived to be in the middle of those choices . 
   the difference is that the `` in '' side can see very well what it can expect . 
  it ca n't really . 
  the eu is in a state of flux and currently unstable . 
  the financial position of the eurozone can not continue indefinitely , changes need to be made . 
  the will impact the uk . 
  there are also calls for a eu army . 
  also , the political situation within the eu is changing and this will impact the uk . 
  just look at the last 12 months . 
  referendums against the eu lost in greece , denmark and netherlands . 
  the rise of populists and extremists in elections from spain to portugal , to ireland , to slovakia to poland . 
  even in germany afd are gaining votes and in france the fn is all but certain to be in the second round of next year 's presidential elections . 
  this changing politics within europe will have profound consequences for the eu . 
  i just do n't see how the eu leadership can just keep going on as if nothing is happening . 
  we just can not say what staying in the eu means for the uk . 
   which means that you have effectively made a decision that 70 % of the population dislikes ( more or less ) . 
  and there is no solution for that . 
  democracy is not meant to be easy !, 
  also , you have to remember that the in side is also split . 
  it includes those people that are in , but only because the uk is now , theoretically shielded from ever closer union and also those people that want a federal eu and for the uk to join the euro . 
  a range of different opinions always means that many people will be dissatisfied , but this does not mean that decisions should not be taken ... 
   and especially considering history , do n't you think joining efta would be a little weird ? 
  `` yeah guys , we left the eu , so now its time to go back to the status we once had but were dissatisfied with so we joined the eu instead '' . 
  efta was not right for the uk in the 1970s , but that does not mean it is not right for the uk in the 2010s . 
  also , efta is actually a very flexible arrangement and the efta agreement does not require a particular model for how to deal with the eu or the rest of the world . 
   it is one of the major problems with having a public vote about it - `` in '' is a stance that is somewhat easy to understand and exercise . 
  `` out '' however opens up a giant box of other questions . 
  the `` out '' side might be united in getting rid of the eu , but very likely , a large portion of these people will be dissatisfied with the eventual outcome . 
  if people are unsatisfied then the normal rules of democracy apply . 
  they can elect a party that wants to change the outcome . 
  or a party can decide to have a referendum on it . 
  that 's how we make decisions in a democracy , you can never satisfy everyone !, 
   true , but the uk is explicitly not looking for a eu relation of the kind of norway or switzerland as far as i am concerned . 
  you do n't want a `` light '' membership of the kind norway has . 
  i would prefer eea membership to eu membership . 
  i would prefer efta to eea . 
  i would prefer a simple fta to efta . 
  but different british people have different preferences here and i do n't think there is a single uk position . 
  if the british people vote leave , the uk government might begin to negotiate eea membership . 
  ( this could , in fact , be a good transitional step for the uk as it would retain single market access , but allow the uk to go for free trade agreements with the rest of the world and once they were in place we could leave the eea . 
  obviously , when we join the eea we would have to pretend we were going to stay there , but nothing is pemament ! ), 
   it may have something to do with history of the country . 
  if your country did n't have a strong fascist movement or regime in the past , then getting established would be harder for the neo-fascists i agree that history and culture do play a part here . 
  in the uk there is not a significant tradition of far right or far left politics . 
  then the voting system effectively makes it impossible . 
   we accept less than 10 % of eu regulations . 
  in addition we pay way less than countries of similar size and economy . 
  can you please come to uk and join the vote leave campaign ? 
  we need you !!, 
   i have n't contested that . 
  however suggesting that all `` remain '' advocates are biased is about as stupid as believing that all players are neutral on this issue . 
  i think most people are biased on the question , because concepts of nationhood and the role of the uk in the world are inherently emotional questions and based on values . 
  i also do n't think that there is necessarily anything wrong with bias provided the bias is open . 
  i find acknowledged bias to be preferable to hidden bias ( which is why i love reading both the guardian and the telegraph and find the bbc a bit annoying ) . 
   there however is some kind of evidence that countries that are currently outside the eu want to become members as it promieses prosperity . 
  i can understand why countries like montenegro and serbia and macedonia want to join the eu . 
  those countries do not , unfortunately , have strong lengthy democratic traditions which give rise to prosperity . 
  for these countries , joining the eu represents them joining the `` european community of nations '' and is a badge of high standards . 
  i completely understand that given their history . 
  however , there is increasingly little evidence that countries like norway and switzerland and iceland want to join the eu - those countries are already prosperous , already have low corruption and stable democracies and are already seen by the global community as `` good '' countries . 
   no , i am dismissing his points because they are no arguments that could be applied to the current situation . 
  it is a fact that we have no experience with countries exiting the eu or the euro i do not see the parallels here . 
  i think that there are some parallels . 
  in the uk the exact same individuals who argued we should join the euro ( and were proved wrong ) are now arguing that we should remain in the eu , using the same arguments ( uk will be isolated , no influence ) . 
  obviously , you are correct to point out that the eu and the eurozone are not the same thing . 
  however , we need to acknowledge that people make arguments not just because of evidence but also because of their ideological bias and because of other reasons . 
  there is n't evidence that countries which have avoided eu integration have been harmed by that . 
   unfortunately , the imf has lost a lot of credibility in the greek crisis . 
  even if their predictions are correct , they still have the stigma of making some predictions that have been terribly wrong . 
  the imf not only made poor predictions with greece , they also made them for reasons connected with politics rather than economics . 
  to me the politicisation of the imf in trying to save a currency rather than a nation is more worrying than them simply making wrong predictions . 
  i 'd have thought it would be the food and the weather myself . 
   as you said his mandate is the eurozone and germany is a part of that zone so why does it not warrant attention aswell ? 
  why is draghi not even adressing these concerns ? 
  has germany not been understanding so long that the interest policy like this is necessary ? 
  if draghi is only considering certain parts of the eurozone and not considering the eurozone as a whole ( as you suggest ) then he is not fulfilling his mandate correctly , i agree . 
   and germany is a major part of the eurozone . 
  if the bank of england made policy only for england forgoing the other parts of the uk do n't you think these other parts would be pissed aswell if that policy was to their detriment ? 
  if the bank of england did n't even bother to look at these issues ? 
  yes , of course central banks need to consider the whole of a currency zone , not just a specific bit of it . 
  however , germany is not special . 
  germany is just another part of the eurozone and it is also one of the bits of the eurozone that is doing best . 
  draghi should not consider germany in a separate way from how he considers the eurozone . 
  he has to look at the entire currency area as a whole and not focus on individual bits of it . 
  he has no mandate to specifically look at germany . 
   it basically boils down to there being the distinct impression that the ecb currently does not care about germany at all when making monetary policy this is correct though . 
  the president of the ecb does not have a mandate to care about germany . 
  his mandate is to consider the eurozone as a whole . 
  the fact that the eurozone as a whole is hugely varied and different parts of it need a different monetary policy is not draghi 's fault . 
  there is nothing he can do about it . 
  the solution has to come from politicians with a mandate from the electorate , rather than technocrats . 
  who cares about nationality of central bank president ? 
  nobody cares in the uk that the governor of the bank of england is a canadian . 
  the point is that they are capable of fulfilling their mandate . 
  unfortunately it does n't much matter what nationality the ecb 's president is ( and draghi , given his mandate , is not doing a bad job ) , because the problems facing the eurozone can not be solved by monetary policy any more . 
  is there basic right for minarets to be built ? 
  is there a basic right to wear a burka ? 
  these are questions which should be decided by democratic systems . 
  i do n't see switzerland 's direct democratic ban of the minaret to be morally inferior to france 's parliamentary democratic ban of the burka . 
  switzerland does not look ruined .
