  it was always going to be the tories that would get the credit for brexit . 
   why has ukip been leeching on brussels funding for the past decade ? 
  how did brussels get that money ? 
  from the voters ( including those who voted ukip ) . 
   money flowed bruxelles  london uk was a net contributor . 
   regardless of how you want bruxelles to spend it 's money . 
  this is n't what the eu citizens want . 
  eusceptics have to pay taxes to brussels too . 
  eusceptics should be able to campaign for the destruction of the eu if that is what their voters want . 
  it is the voters that should decide things after all . 
   is n't that kinda hypocritic to ask for half a million to bruxelles to pay anti-eu pr campaigns ? 
  no , it is fine . 
  that is where i wanted the money to be spent . 
  the money did not come from brussels , it came from the people ( including those who voted for ukip ) . 
   and every brit can name several people from the house of lords ? 
  just curious likely they ca n't . 
  but you are not really comparing like with like . 
  the hol in the uk is not pretending to be the primary legislative chamber in the uk . 
   that 's very circular logic though . 
  democracy is a circular concept though . 
  if the people do n't believe in it , it is n't there . 
   our europe is a political europe your europe is a political europe . 
  mine is a cultural and historical europe . 
   which is to say that the uk could have solved the ` democratic imposition ' by taking the european parliament more seriously ? 
  interestingly , it is n't just the uk that does not take the eu parliament seriously . 
  turnout in the last eu elections was terrible in most eu countries , many with significantly worse turn out than even the uk 's poor turnout . 
  it is n't just british people who can not name a single mep ( apart from farage ) this situation can be found across the eu . 
  it is n't just british newspapers that do n't cover eu parliamentary business ( thereby holding it to account ) but few national media sources do . 
  if the political structures do not fit the people , personally i think it makes more sense to change the political structures , rather than try to change the people . 
   we 're continent we 're not . 
  for us '' [ the continent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/continental_europe ) '' is what happens `` over there '' . 
  as in `` fog in the channel , continent cut off '' ;-), 
  this is a real that supports my view though . 
   if democratic legitimacy of both legislative organs of the eu was the issue at hand , we would see a concurrent and equal push for it at home when considering whether or not a system fuctions democratically , it is important to consider the system as a whole and how the various organs , institutions and cultures interact with each other to produce a democratic whole . 
  that is why my argument has never been to try to isolate one single element ( e.g. 
  house of lords or eu commission ) and analyse that single element , because this is simply not how democracies function . 
  you need to consider the whole structure , as well as the underlying culture upon which a democracy is built . 
   i would n't say that banking services are shipped around the globe . 
  the fact that sent via e-mail rather than a ship does not mean that it has n't been produced . 
  this is exactly how democracy works . 
  you ca n't just create a democracy from on-high by building an institution , giving it powers and saying people can vote for who goes there on a pan-european basis any more than you can impose one from on-high in the middle east . 
  the people have to want democracy and to believe in it . 
  if they do n't , you do n't have a functioning democracy . 
  yes , it was . 
   i know you mean this in a good way but foreigners have a very different view . 
  the evidence of this article is that foreigners continue to want to live and work in the uk . 
  i am going to take the evidence rather than the meme and believe the reals over the feels . 
   the banking sector in london is about 10 % of the uks gdp and they do n't produce anything . 
  services are products . 
   i ca n't wait to have a greek referendum unfortunately for you , i do n't think you will be allowed another referendum and it seems that the only realistic prognosis for greece is continued high unemployment and low growth . 
  if the eurozone falls apart , then in the long run the prognosis for your country is much better ( though of course there will be short-term pain ) . 
  i agree with language being a massive factor and that the uk is extremely expensive with shitty weather and high rent prices and so forth . 
  the eu pokes its nose into all kinds of trivia that should be the business of a national government . 
  if the uk parliament wants to be able to reduce vat on women 's hygiene products , it should not need to get consent from the eu to do this . 
  it is absurd in my view that the eu should want control over this kind of thing . 
  the european parliament does not function democratically . 
  for a parliament to function democratically it is not enough for people simply to have the power to vote . 
  there must also be a sufficient culture of democratic trust between the peoples and the institution . 
  polling has indicated that the main reason why people voted for leave was because people wanted the uk to have control of its own laws . 
  immigration was listed as the next most important issue . 
  yes it was important for some people . 
  it was n't important for me because i am rich . 
  democratic reasons primarily . 
  the eu was an unbearable imposition on uk sovereignty and democracy . 
   but this brexit show has been too damn good to compete with anyway . 
  it has been fantastic and will rejuvenate the democratic debate in the whole of europe . 
  across the entire continent people will start challenging orthodoxy and perceived wisdom and ask themselves if the eu really is necessary and debate it in a way in which they previously have n't . 
  this is a wonderful opportunity for the people of europe and one of the many good consequences of brexit . 
  you 're welcome . 
   my impression from other countries is that people can move around in the social/educational system and then are n't counted in the unemployment statistics but are intact unemployed . 
  this can be true , which is why i tend to find the `` employment '' statistics more interesting than the `` unemployment '' statistics . 
  the uk is currently at record highs with employment statistics . 
  ( that is still not to say that more ca n't be done . ), 
  the inability of europeans to do banter is one of the reasons why we voted to leave the eu . 
  the uk is close to full employment right now so it is unsurprising that most new jobs do n't go to uk citizens as most uk citizens already have jobs . 
  that is not to say that the uk government could n't do more for those uk citizens that are under-employed . 
  clearly , much more could be done to get people to come off benefits and get more skills , but almost every necessary policy initiative here will take a number of years before it sees results . 
  the fact that so many people continue to want to move to the uk to work ( either from the eu or the rest of the world ) continues to show that the uk really is still a great place to work ( despite the weather and the food ) . 
  it is easy to work here if you want to and british people are very friendly and welcoming to foreigners . 
  as we move towards our exciting new future with brexit , it is important to show the world that the uk is really open to business and keen to attract the best talent from around the globe . 
  the uk continuing to create jobs and people from overseas continuing to come here to work is a great way to show the world that britain is open for business . 
   but i 'd really appreciate it if you explained a little further how they 'd gain seats ? 
  thanks . 
  jeremy corbyn is a vote loser . 
  most people in the country do n't want him to be pm so they will vote tory to stop him . 
  tories that way will take con/lab marginals . 
   those arriving after the brexit vote should be subjected to the same criteria as non eu migrants . 
  their legal rights and obligations should change once the law is changed . 
  they have a legal obligation , but obviously the swedish people would refuse to join . 
  it would be better if the eu just said that they no longer had a legal obligation . 
   as i said , in my edit , we have `` tragedy of the commons '' everywhere on this continent . 
  democracy solves almost every problem . 
  provided that countries stay democratic , they can deal with things like pollution . 
  granted , some countries in europe struggle with democracy , but the eu itself is also extremely limited when it comes to democracy and in fact inhibits it in some instances , causing more problems . 
  the true source of democracy in europe is our various national parliaments and unfortunately the eu undermines these . 
   you 're comparing two countries , with the massive inter-connected tapestry that is europe . 
  that is not equivalent i am explaining that you do n't need to share a government to cooperate . 
  i have given a clear example of two countries that successfully cooperate without sharing a government . 
  there is no point pretending that the eu is necessary for cooperation . 
  this is clearly bullshit .
