   what are you talking about ? 
  they share a head of state . 
   and they 're separated by 2000 kilometers of sea . 
  their economies are far more linked to each others than those of hungary and italy and they are incredibly politically linked . 
  they just have no need to create a new government structure and somehow try and federalise . 
  italy and hungary also do n't need to do this . 
  it also is n't clear to me if italians and hungarians really want this . 
  having a meeting is not the same as having a government . 
  australia and new zealand manage to have meetings and cooperate . 
  they do n't need to share a government to do this . 
  nobody thinks they are `` refusing to cooperate with each other '' . 
   because civilization was built by people refusing to cooperate with each other , and the benefits of getting along are up to debate . 
  cooperation and getting along can manage perfectly well without having to share a government . 
   diversity of opinion is a feature of good government , not a bug . 
  only if the people accept that they want to suffer and enjoy common governance with each other . 
  it is by no means clear that italians and hungarians really do want this . 
  but we shall see . 
   ten years before the euro italy had a bigger total and per capita gdp then the uk . 
  which , when you think about it , makes it more surprising that anti-euro sentiment in italy is not even higher than it currently is . 
   fuck , they 're both posturing to their electorate to absolutely no gain . 
  this is kind of why the eu is doomed to fail . 
  different electorates seem to want different things . 
   i will give up and buy a rifle me too and also popcorn . 
  this is one of the reasons why i am against the single market . 
  by harmonising regulation , regulatory innovation is inhibited at a time of technological change . 
  fortunately sweden did not join the eurozone , so they can do this . 
   may i ask why you did n't leave all the way back in 1992 when the eu was founded ? 
  because our politicians did not give us a referendum then . 
   at what point did the british actually realise what it was they 'd signed up to ? 
  i suppose the british people gradually became aware of it over the years - likely the key event was maastricht . 
  as a francophone and a francophile and a francovore ( i.e. 
  i like french food , not eating french people ... ) i am very sympathetic to french language policies . 
  we in the uk are fortunate to have won the global linguistic war , you in germany are fortunate never to have fought it !, 
  we need to understand those who fought and lost . 
  protecting the french language and francophonie is part of france 's sense of self and - in this day and age - protecting a national identity has some value . 
  however , i did notice that france is not fully committed to this policy . 
  [ when it comes to trying to entice financial services away from london , the french are there with their white flag and ready to speak english all of a sudden !, 
  ;-) ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/07d81e34-859c-11e6-8897-2359a58ac7a5 ) * qu'ils mangent de la schadenfreude !, 
   we are all just supposed to conform to our eu overlords and everything they say is gospel . 
  that used to be the case . 
  the brexit vote has challenged that orthodoxy . 
  now we can openly say that the purpose of our political systems and democracies are to protect our interests . 
  the eu overlords are going to take a while to get used to the new normal . 
   but if you think i am wrong you have not made any claims . 
   its a bloody ridiculous policy . 
  there is no point complaining . 
  let the french do french things and let us do british things . 
  * vive la difference * and it was ever thus . 
   being sure of it is absolutely delusional unless you have some sort of crystal ball . 
  if you are not happy with the word `` sure '' , i am more than happy to change to a different formulation `` considered on the basis of evidence that the most likely scenario was ... '', 
   if you do n't mind me asking , how is that different form sharing sovereignty with scotland , wales and north ireland ? 
  i believe that there is sufficient shared identity for democracy to function effectively within the uk , but there is no shared identity with germans ( as much as they are a wonderful people ) . 
  it is not delusional . 
  so far i have been proved correct . 
  we are also big admirers of germany and the german way of doing things . 
  but this does n't really translate into wanting to share sovereignty with germany . 
  maybe we just think we can copy germany in certain respects , but not others ... 
   relative poverty is compared to the cost of living . 
  in the uk the most common definition of poverty is total household income being less than 60 % of the median . 
   you have become poorer since the consequences of the rest of the population becoming richer means that demand shifts for a lot of products . 
  the prices go up and you ca n't afford as much of those products . 
  your wealth is the same , but you can buy less with it , you are poorer . 
  that is not how a relative definition of poverty works though . 
  if your ability to buy widgets increases and my ability to buy widgets stays the same ( after price rises have been taken into account ) , because the total size of the economy has increased , then by your definition of poverty i have got poorer . 
  personally i think this is not a good way of thinking about poverty . 
  just because you got richer it should not automatically follow that i get poorer . 
  there is not , after all , a total amount of wealth in the world , economics is not a zero-sum game . 
  i do n't think it is at all strong . 
  politicians should of course check with the people to see if they want to federalise before trying to do it . 
  anything else will have very harmful consequences . 
   basically , using absolute poverty when talking about our countries has only one goal , pretend there is no poverty whether or not there is absolute poverty in the uk or germany depends on your definition of absolute poverty . 
  using relative poverty as a measure has one goal - to ensure that it is impossible to eradicate poverty . 
  it also has extremely counter-intuitive consequences . 
  if you suddenly get richer , a relative definition of poverty implies that i have become poorer ( even if my absolute level of wealth has stayed the same ) . 
   i guess it depends on your perspective . 
  i agree with this completely . 
  i do n't really know enough about slovenian history , political culture , ideas of democracy and so forth to know whether or not zlovenia would be better off in a federal eu or not . 
  fundamentally this is a question for slovenes ( ! ), 
  and not for brits . 
  i am sure that the uk and slovenia will continue to be allied and trade partners even though the uk is no longer part of the eu , 
   poverty is always relative , that 's the core concept . 
  not really . 
  some people prefer an absolute definition of poverty and some people prefer a relative definition of poverty . 
  personally i prefer the former . 
  i fundamentally do not agree with the uk becoming part of a federal europe as i think it is bad for the uk 's democracy . 
  given this , leave was the only sensible option . 
  if the rest of europe wants to try and federalise , that will be interesting to watch i guess . 
  but no reason why the uk should be involved . 
  fortunately unemployment is falling in most of the eu . 
   so why do you have food banks ? 
  we have food banks because some people want to give food away for free and other people want to receive it for free . 
  same reason why germany has food banks . 
   we do n't have food banks in romania , do n't you think that 's odd ? 
  not really . 
  nobody in romania wants to give food away for free . 
   with property prices falling are property prices falling ? 
  my understanding is that they are rising . 
   people who need to eat food prices have continued their long-term falls . 
  there is nobody in the uk who is starving . 
   last time , the uk was an exporting nation with a strong industrial base .
