  how can we hope to be governed by blunder 10 with such a dunce in residence ? 
  i do not rate theresa may . 
  however , i do n't think she is a complete disaster . 
  in relation to the specific question at hand , the border between roi and ni , i have confidence that there will be no hard border . 
  this is of course not particularly to credit may , but because it is not a difficult thing to negotiate given that it is overwhelmingly supported by all relevant parties . 
   there was special dispensations , i just quoted them the special dispensations you quoted did not relate to the cta ( which is what we are discussing ) . 
   even canada had to commit to visa free travel for romanian people before ceta . 
  there is no sign at all that the uk does not want to grant visa free travel to all eu citizens . 
   the eu does n't like some eu states having something not available to others . 
  it is already the case that the uk grants rights to irish citizens that it does not grant to other eu citizens . 
  there is nothing in law to stop this . 
   you are simply david davis level mistaken if you think that ireland can cut free movement of people deals allowing british people to work in the eu without the eu agreeing first . 
  just mistaken , not even half right . 
  i am simply pointing out the law . 
  the eu can not force ireland 's hand here . 
  it is a decision for ireland . 
  there may well be political reasons for ireland to decide not to grant uk citizens rights to work in ireland , but the key point to remember is that this is for the irish government to decide . 
   you asked about for the special dispensations given to crown dependencies by the eu , i just quoted it for you . 
  the point is that the cta already works for territories both within the eu and outside the eu without the need for any special dispensations . 
  there is no reason why this can not continue . 
  the eu can not force ireland to leave the cta . 
  this is a decision for ireland to make . 
   except in any kind of purely practical purpose of course , as the situation and slippery status of crown dependancies even within the united kingdom ( before referencing any outside organization ) is extremely complicated and not applicable at all to an island of 6 million concerned citizens in 2 different states with a history of violence due to the actions of blunder 10 and their policies in ulster . 
  as a matter of law , there is no difference in relation to cta status of ireland , i of m or uk . 
  the vast majority of irish and uk citizens and the irish and uk government want passport free travel to continue . 
  there is no reason why it should stop . 
  we are all united in this goal . 
   particularly when his boss in blunder 10 may-be-i 'm - in-control has said there will be a hard border when they leave the eu !, 
  at the time may made that statement , the referendum had not yet taken place and she was not pm . 
  i do agree with you that her statement prior to the referendum was irresponsible . 
  however , many of the statements made by the uk government prior to the referendum were irresponsible . 
  when trying to understand the position of the current uk government , it makes sense to look at statements made since the current government was formed and not statements made during the cameron government . 
  none of your references relate to the common travel area and the crown dependencies . 
   as if the uk and ireland can decide without brussels consent . 
  they ca n't . 
  the ability of the uk to allow people in ireland to travel to the uk without a passport does not require consent from brussels . 
  the ability of the uk to allow irish citizens the right to work in the uk without a visa does not require consent from brussels . 
  the ability of ireland to allow people in the uk to travel to ireland without a passport does not require consent from brussels ( to the extent that ireland stays out of the schengen area , a decision for ireland to make ) . 
  the ability of ireland to allow british citizens to work in ireland without a visa is a decision for ireland and not one for brussels . 
   there were none , that 's my whole point . 
  you initially wrote that there were specific dispensations given to the crown dependencies by the eu . 
  i asked you which ones . 
  now you are saying that there were n't any . 
  obviously , it is virtually impossible to discuss this with you if you change your position this often . 
   this has nothing to do with the schengen , the eu & eea still has free movement of people , it 's just the schengen removes physical border controls . 
  read my initial post . 
  the point i am making is that the uk is free to give passport free travel and rights to work without a visa to irish citizens after brexit ( and i suspect it will ) ,  just that the eu would have valid reason to i disagree that the eu would have a valid reason to try to stop the cta . 
  ultimately this is a decision for the people and governments of ireland and the uk . 
   which do n't have land-borders , of course i 'm sure you were getting around to saying . 
  as a matter of legal ability to cross a border without a passport , they are in the same situation . 
   the blunderers in number 10 have been quite clear in their disinterest and egregious negligence of towards ulster , hence so many of us voting to remain . 
  [ the uk government has repeatedly stated that there will be no hard border . 
  ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/speeches/david-davis-op-ed-i-will-ensure-that-northern-irelands-voice-is-heard ), 
   i know you are brexit 's chief campaigner on / r/europe but the simple fact of the matter is that this has never been clear nor clearly stated from the bunglers in blunder 10 . 
  it has been completely clear from the uk government that passport free travel should continue between uk and ireland . 
  [ there are many many sources confirming this . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/02/theresa-may-irish-pm-enda-kenny-no-hard-border-with-north ), 
   there is absolutely no comparison , they are crown dependencies which were given special dispensations by the eu because of that . 
  which specific dispensations given by the eu relate to the cta ? 
   ireland is completely different to that . 
  the eu has no ability to force ireland to join the schengen zone . 
  this is a decision for the sovereign government of ireland . 
   what ? 
  i live on the border , where did you see me say i want it to be stopped ? 
  you wrote `` there are many ways in which the cta could be and should be stopped '' . 
  i am not sure what you mean by `` should be stopped '' in this context . 
   but what about people from other eu countries who visit or live in the roi ? 
  if irish citizens are allowed free access and work prospects in the uk , how will the uk stop the rest of eu citizens ( who can freely live and work in the roi ) to move to the uk through ireland ? 
  a right to enter the territory of a country without a visa is not the same as a right to work in a country . 
  the uk is likely to grant visa free travel to all eu nationals . 
  people from the eu who want to travel to the uk will continue to arrive primarily via heathrow and eurostar etc. . . 
  the uk is not trying to stop people coming to the uk for tourism/business meetings etc. 
  as for the uk allowing people to work in the uk , there are various ways that the uk could do this , in the same way it currently does for e.g. 
  brazilian citizens , who do not need a visa to travel to the uk but do need a visa to work in the uk . 
   this will be the first time in history that the cta will have one country within the eu and the other outside the eu . 
  the cta was never built to deal with that . 
  the cta already includes territories that are in the eu ( uk and ireland ) and territories that are not in the eu ( the isle of man and the channel isles ) and this presents no difficulties . 
   actually there is , ireland 's borders are also eu 's borders . 
  the eu could easily force ireland 's and make them do it , since it is also eu territory . 
  obviously , if brussels decides to put up a border on the irish side , the uk and ireland can not stop that . 
  however , the uk does not need to put up a border on the uk 's side . 
   it 's just what you 're saying is completely wrong , there are many ways in which the cta could be and should be stopped . 
  i have no idea why you think it should be stopped . 
  the vast majority of people impacted by it do not want it to be stopped . 
  thanks , but no thanks, 
   to create an exception to the uk 's ban on free movement from the eu , just for the irish border , would be extremely messy . 
  for the millionth time , crossing a border and free movement are not the same things . 
  within the eu , crossing borders comes from the schengen agreements and related law , which do not apply to either the uk or ireland , which have a separate common travel area . 
  free movement of people is part of the single market and relates primarily to the right of people to work anywhere in the eu and not be discriminated against . 
  there is nothing to stop the uk , post-brexit , from continuing to allow people from ireland to travel to the uk without showing a passport . 
  this is what the uk wants and what ireland wants and the uk government has been clear about it . 
  there is also nothing to stop the uk , post-brexit , from giving irish citizens a right to work in the uk . 
  uk already gives irish citizens various rights that it does not give to citizens of other countries . 
   remember brexit came right off the back off of a migrant crisis actually , the main migrant crisis in the eu occurred during the summer of 2015 . 
  by june 2016 , this was no longer such a big issue . 
  the remain side chose the date of the referendum at a date that they thought they were most likely to win . 
   especially as the uk has set itself up to be screwed diplomatically even without a bad trade deal then it 's looking more and more like bluster now . 
  why on earth would the uk be screwed diplomatically ? 
   hence why no-one is arguing things are going to be better anymore it 's just a rearguard on how things are n't that bad . 
  multiple people think that the uk is better off out of the eu and this is my position .
