  ukip are opposed to id cards . 
  i would be very very reluctant to vote for any party that proposed id cards . 
  there just is n't a need for them in the uk . 
  requiring people to own documents is totally contrary to our traditional liberties . 
   we share the same currency because we trade with each others it has nothing to do with randomness of the countries there are lots of countries that you trade with that you do n't share a currency with . 
  the euro has not helped with trade . 
  there are many examples of countries with great trade relationships and different currencies ( aus/nz , swe/nor , usa/can ) . 
  differently , sharing a currency with a country that has a different economy from you without a fiscal sharing mechanism has devastating consequences . 
   i never claimed that the uk was part of schengen . 
  i 'm just saying what the economic rationale was behind schengen . 
  you responded to a post that was talking about free movement . 
  you then mention free movement in your second paragraph . 
  mentioning schengen was totally irrelevant to what the op was talking about . 
  the op was talking about people moving to where jobs are , i.e. 
  free movement of workers . 
  this is totally separate from schengen . 
  the uk is in free movement of workers , it is not in schengen . 
   what the uk makes of the underlying principles is the uk 's own private business . 
  i 'm not the uk . 
  the fact that free movement of workers and schengen are totally different things that you are conflating has nothing to do with my nationality . 
   it so happens that one of my econ profs was part of the dutch delegation to negotiate eu matters . 
  and that 's the story that he tells his students today . 
  whether the uk agrees in part , or in full , or not at all , is n't really that relevant to what i 'm saying . 
  your econ prof was talking about free movement of workers . 
  he was n't talking about schengen . 
   i 'm talking about the queues at arrivals ; to be precise , the passport control . 
  this would not exist if the uk was in shenegen ; only the non-eu flights would have to deal with it . 
  while those queues are horrendous , they are horrendous because of poor organisation , rather than the requirement for checking passports . 
  effiently managed , a passport check and a queue for the same should not add more than ten minutes to your journey . 
   another thing ; i recently wanted to take my boyfriend to munich with me , for the oktoberfest . 
  flights were reasonable , then he realised his passport would be about to run out . 
  if the uk were in shenegen , or had id cards , this would not be an issue . 
  instead , it 's # 90 or so and several weeks . 
  he stayed at home . 
  even if the uk were in schengen , he would have needed id to get on the plane , so in fact it would have made no difference . 
  even if the uk had id cards , he is still reliant on his id card not having run out in exactly the same way as he is with a passport . 
  the kind of person that does n't know whether or not his passport is up-to-date might also not know if his id card was up-to-date . 
  id cards are also a totally separate thing from schengen , there are countries in schengen without id cards , there are countries with id cards that are n't in schengen , there are countries both have id cards and are in schengen and there are countries that have neither . 
  i am strongly opposed to id cards both on a civil liberties perspective and also there is just no need . 
  i am also strongly opposed to the uk joining schengen ( the many people camped in calais who are desperate to get to the uk and would be able to get to the uk if we were in schengen is a good argument ) . 
   shenegen does make it easier though . 
  without stupidly long border queues that take an hour or so at the fastest to get through ( been to gatwick recently ? 
  it 's horrendous ! ), 
  means that people can live in one country but work in another . 
  the queues to gatwick are not longer because the uk is not in schengen . 
  the queues are there because gatwick is managed poorly . 
  id is required to get on any aeroplane anywhere in the world . 
  even if the uk were in schengen , the queues would be the same . 
   some people commute into london from paris , but the friendly demeanour of the u.k. border force , combined with the cost of the eurostar , do put people off doing it with the u.k. so much . 
  many people communte from london to paris on a weekly basis ( and i in fact live in london and go to paris very frequently ) . 
  nobody communtes from london to paris on a daily basis , because that would be more than a five hour round trip . 
  it would be insane . 
  in the context of the cost and the travelling time , the passport check is of neglible importance . 
   the eurozone is too varied for everything to be lumped together . 
  this is a reason for not sharing a currency . 
  no , you 've explained the rationale behind free movement , not the rationale behind schengen . 
  the uk is n't in schengen . 
  the op 's post was not about schengen . 
   how do brits feel about dan jarvis ? 
  i have never voted labour in my life , but i would consider voting for jarvis . 
  this is exactly why the labour party should consider him . 
   migration to where the jobs are was the whole point of shengen int he 1st place . 
  people , please !, 
  schengen and free movement of people are different things !, 
  schengen means crossing borders without a passport . 
  free movement means the right to live and work in another country . 
  the uk is not part of schengen , it is part of free movement of people . 
   if i may ask : what change are you looking for ? 
  the difficulty for cameron is that a lot of people in the uk are n't really looking for change . 
  they are looking to leave . 
  people like me and / u/marsman are going to be voting to leave whatever the outcome of cameron 's renegotiation . 
  the things cameron is renegotiating are so far from our actual concerns . 
  while we can conceive of an eu that we might like , it is so far away from what everyone else wants , that there is no point trying to compromise . 
  better to be friendly neighbours than reluctant housemates . 
   one day their leader nick griffin appeared on question time , which is a highly viewed bbc television programme with politicians and political commentators on it . 
  he came across as the thoughtess , feckless , inept racist slab of moron that he is . 
  the bnp have since collapsed . 
  bnp , once they were platformed , vanished . 
  while being platformed helped their demise , it was n't the only factor . 
  other factors also contributed , immigration becoming a discussion point among other political parties , the rise of ukip , and internal squabbling in bnp also contributed . 
  in france i think the fn already seem to get a major platform ... 
  i 'm actually not sure i can see how fn will decline in the polls , other than the french economy starting to do much better or the lrs starting to adopt more of their policies . 
    eastern european  there 's no such language  is it called central european now ? 
   romanian to me doesnt sound at all like russian 0_0 . 
  i mean it is a romantic language it has almost nothing in common with russian . 
  to me romanian sounds like romance pronunciation but with slavic intonation . 
  major headfuck . 
   on closer examination , i realised they were in fact speaking english with a very strong welsh accent . 
  oops . 
  this happens to me sometimes . 
  i 'm like are those people speaking dutch ? 
  or is it maybe swedish ? 
  then , oh , fuck , they are speaking english but with a strong welsh accent . 
   their vigorous socially destructive cuts have done nothing to reduce the deficit . 
  in the last budget the deficit was the same as it was in 2010 . 
  in what respect have the cuts been socially destructive ? 
  when the tories took office in 2010 , uk budget deficit was approximately 10 % of gdp . 
  it is now between 5 and 6 % of gdp . 
  even taking an absolute measure , the uk 's deficit has fallen considerably . 
   the tories have cut the top rate of tax the top rate of tax is currently 45 % .
