   you have politicians mocking each other in the parliament and behaving like a class of high-schoolers ( and part of the british public seems to enjoy this ? 
  ) , this is part of our tradition of [ oppositional democracy and the westminster system of government ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westminster_system ) . 
  personally i think it works well in the uk , but i guess it seems odd from a lot of continental europe , which has more of a tradition of coalitions ...  but we in the past decade or so had constant backstabs , vile attacks , government collapses because the coalition parties were unable to cooperate with each other this is one of the reasons why i do n't like coaltions . 
  however , we get lots of political backstabs within our single party governments too - so perhaps this is just inherent in politics . 
   we like stability and do n't want deal with politicians bickering among each other , specially not when they 're in government together . 
  same with us . 
  in fact , may is campaigning on `` strong and stable '' in our elections . 
  i agree - may is not a thatcherite . 
  i am not convinced may has any kind of ideology , so she is open to persuasion by the thatcherites within her party ... 
  why would germany stop germans being able to start companies in the uk after brexit ? 
  the uk wo n't . 
  some food safety will be changed - partly because we will come out of the cap and want to reduce tariffs on food imports from the rest of the world . 
  uk already made it clear that ireland was not a bargaining chip and that we absolutely insist on the common travel area staying . 
  the lib dems have already said that they will stay out of any corbyn lead labour government . 
  this election is going to see may increase the tory majority . 
  i voted leave and want the uk to deregulate and lower taxes . 
  i do n't want the eu 's regulatory safeguard . 
  i want the uk 's regulatory safeguard to be the uk 's parliament . 
  obviously , the uk 's rules for what happens prior to elections do not apply after elections . 
  you are right that conventions can not be enforced in a court . 
  however , under uk constitutional theory , to ignore this convention would be unconstitutional , even if it would not be illegal . 
  many of our most important constitutional principles are conventions rather than laws . 
  thus , even if there would n't be legal consequences , there would be constitutional ones , which in our view are more serious than mere political consequences . 
  certainly , it would be a big mistake if the uk government were to ignore this convention . 
  ironically , the uk 's constitutional arrangements were one of the main reasons why we were not a good fit for the eu in the first place . 
  the system of parliamentary sovereignty , conventions , common law , oppositional rather than collaborative democracy etc just make eu membership difficult . 
  unsurprisingly this system will also be difficult during the exit process . 
  uk has a comparative advantage in services . 
  therefore uk needs a particular type of fta . 
  there are no legal grounds for uk 's voting rights to be removed . 
  they own a semi-detached house with three bedrooms . 
  convention under uk constitutional law has a more specific meaning than that . 
  uk can not just ignore conventions . 
  they are a fundamental part of our constitution . 
  nobody in the uk thinks the empire exists . 
  it is very offensive to pretend that they do . 
  perhaps you did not know this ? 
  in trade both parties benefit . 
  that is the nature of it . 
  no - i am saying that the best police in the world , wherever they may be , would not succeed all the time . 
   you act like brexit was won by a 80 % -20 % landslide . 
  i find your country to be severely divided on the issue at best . 
  i know that the result was close . 
  however , most people who voted remain , even though they would have preferred a remain result , now accept the result . 
  this is why the vast majority of voters in the general election will vote for parties committed to leaving the eu . 
   yes , unfortunately , trade is going to become more weaponized now that world is going to a more multipolar order , as it tends to do when those arise . 
  the good thing about trade is that everyone benefits when it happens , so uk can focus on moving forwards with free trade with as many countries as possible . 
  hopefully the eu will be keen on free trade too . 
   actually i would have preferred that this would 've led to a synthesis of a more balanced approach . 
  ultimately , for us in the uk , we decided that our fundamental principles were more important . 
   because yes , i 'm going to keep saying it : geopolitics and trade . 
  geopolitically the uk and france are going to continue to have a strong entente , as we have had for the last 200 years . 
  we are happy to be cordial with them generally and on many issues we will be very aligned - e.g. 
  however , in terms of trade policy , there is no reason for us to have the same approach . 
   these however dont include services which is what banking is and is referred to as passporting rights for uk financial services . 
  lots of services can be sold to the eu without needing a passport though . 
  for example , as a lawyer i can give advice on law to an eu based client without needing a passport . 
  or a french corporate can approach a uk based bank to arrange a bond issue without a passport . 
  neither of these require even a fta . 
   hence , zero chance of the uk retaining their passporting rights once they leave the eu which in turn means that uk financial companies have to set up subsidiaries and transfer staff to eu countries if they want to continue to do business there . 
  the majority of business does not require a passport though . 
   well as an independent nation they certain could be in the single market if they were to join the eu and still have a fta with britian . 
  obviously , i agree that this is technically possible . 
  i am simply commenting that scotland 's motive for wanting to leave the uk and join the eu does not make sense if trade is the reason . 
   aside from extremist parties in government , this is the worst outcome for germany and german politics . 
  i agree that ideally democracies need to have strong oppositions . 
  is there a risk in germany that grand coalitions become somewhat inevitable ( if afd/linke stay as permanent features ) ? 
   the majority of people under 40 are voting desperately against tories , actually , tories are winning in the 34-39 cohort too , which is interesting . 
   you 're right that he 's making assumptions , but if we want to see what brexit britain will look like in twenty years , the closest example we have is britain from the 1960s , when it was n't a member of the eec . 
  it was thatcher 's reforms that caused uk to improve economically . 
  as we know there are many countries in the world that are not in the eu that are successful economically . 
  provided that the uk makes the right policy choices in relation to being open to trade , regulated effectively and not over taxed , it will be prosperous . 
   not having the freedom/low barriers to work means labour is restricted . 
  the beauty of the freedom to work without a visa in any eu country is particularly attractive for scientists . 
  there is nothing to stop the uk putting in place a visa free work arrangement for scientists to come to the uk from the entire world when we leave the eu . 
   eu science funding is worth alot more than we put in . 
  the amount of money we spend on science is not connected to our eu membership . 
  obviously , we are net contributors to the eu budget . 
  if we want we can spend more on science and have more money left over . 
   brexit will be a critical factor for skilled scientists or aspiring scientists to move away from the uk to european countries . 
  not really . 
   you folks did n't trust the experts . 
  well the experts are leaving and i really do hope you can live off the cake you 've baked . 
  i am afraid nothing you have written in this thread really deserves the status of expertise , because it is all conjecture . 
   france is too protectionist in nature whereas the uk is too little . 
  i agree that there is some truth in what you write . 
  basically it is astonishing that the uk and france ever thought they would be able to be in the same union , given that they have different views on how society should be organised , 
   but focusing only on the former is leading to unbridgeable income class divides i do n't know about the us , but one interesting thing in the uk is that incomes have become over the last five or so years more equal rather than less equal . 
   so basically you suggest the uk maintain all benefits of eu membership while not having to put up with any of the obligations . 
  of course the uk and eu should have tariff free trade . 
  this benefits both of us . 
  they are good , but unfortunately the best police in the world would not succeed every time ... 
   where 's the white ? . 
  your flag . 
   without the funding available , scientists will go to where funding and opportunities are offered . 
  uk can fund science . 
   why do a phd in the uk when for example you could go to germany , get funded/practically free tuition and a fast track to residency/citizenship should you want ? 
  this is a function of how science is funded , not a function of eu membership . 
   the uk will undoubtedly loose skilled people unless there is a policy of retaining them . 
  and right now i do n't see anything that could tie someone ( or myself ) down unless they want to stay in the uk .
