  i voted to leave the eu . 
  i think we will be better off ,, 
   i think the point is that the person organizing the referendum ( cameron ) did n't want the vote to pass . 
  he should at least have attempted to introduce a supermajority or qualified majority system of some kind . 
  it is more important for the vote to be fair than for cameron to get the result he wants . 
  also , cameron did not get to decide the details , this was done by parliament in conjunction with the electoral commission . 
   one was that eu citizens were n't allowed to vote , but commonwealth citizens were . 
  it felt like a double standard . 
  i 'm fine if you want to limit the vote to british citizens only . 
  but why should some immigrants be allowed to vote ( i.e. 
  the ones that mostly did n't benefit from eu membership ) and not others ( i.e. 
  the ones that did ) ? 
  we feel closer to the commonwealth than we do to you . 
  this is one of the reasons why we are leaving the eu . 
   the other thing is that most british citizens living in continental europe ( i.e. 
  the people most affected by the result ) were unable to vote . 
  the majority of uk citizens in continental europe could vote . 
  only the ones who had been overseas for more than 15 years could not vote . 
   because as said i 've not gotten any abuse purely for having a british flag flair i have got abuse because i have made it clear that i voted leave . 
  you have made it clear that you did not vote leave . 
   it 's abuse for being a brexiter and this is not acceptable . 
  hopefully you can understand why it is not acceptable to abuse brexiteers on this sub . 
   am i underestimating the strength of the included cities or is there something making madrid and milan unviable for banks wishing to leave london ? 
  madrid and milan are totally unviable as financial centres in my view for a whole host of reasons ... 
   was it abuse or was it just people saying you are deluded on what you think is going to happen ? 
  no , it was specific abuse and the moderators rightly deleted it . 
  i find it weird that you would doubt me here . 
   and if i 'm honest i 've experienced absolutely 0 abuse i have received a lot of abuse on here . 
  however , i would at this point like to say that the moderators have been very helpful in banning people that are abusive and in deleting abusive posts . 
   and allowed to say hateful deluded shit without being called out . 
  wanting the uk to leave the eu is not hateful . 
   actually french is still the language of diplomacy . 
  french is `` a '' language of diplomacy , but it is not `` the '' language of diplomacy . 
   and yet may recently said that they will try to block a second referendum . 
  she actually said `` now is not the time '' . 
  that is n't really a block , but a delay . 
   is there any proof that most scottish people do not want a second referendum ? 
  there is extensive polling on this . 
   is the government willing to give the scottish the ability to hold a referendum on whether or not they 'd like to hold an independence referendum ? 
  likely the next scottish elections will decide this . 
   maybe the british are more posh or they love to live in crowded places . 
  people working in finance in london are global citizens rather than just british . 
  london is obviously the most global city in the world . 
  london is actually less crowded . 
  not that that is a good thing . 
  i personally prefer the crowdedness of new york . 
   do you want to give them the ability to hold a referendum ? 
  i am not the spanish government . 
  however , i do think that catalonia should have the right to decide . 
   are you opposed to the british government blocking a potential scottish independence referendum ? 
  if the answer to these two questions is yes then sure . 
  the uk government has already given the scottish people a referendum . 
  it is prepared to give it one again . 
  however , the right to self-determination does not mean that the only way to decide this is be agreeing with nicola sturgeon . 
  the uk government has to take into consideration the fact that most scottish people do not want a referendum . 
   you are always arguing with a non-applicable interpretation of international law , the intent of a law . 
  under international law , the purpose of a treaty is crucial in terms of interpreting it . 
  see vienna convention article 31 . 
   and also , the uk subjected itself to the ecj long ago , and this lives on as long as the treaty is not terminated , something that only happens with the end of the divorce negotations . 
  thus , the uk has no ligimitation to go in front of the icj . 
  the uk is not the one going to court here . 
  however , the interpretation of a treaty is a question of international law . 
  the eu can not ignore that . 
  the eu is not above international law , but subject to it . 
   i start to understan dougans analogy with evolution-theoriest and creationist more and more . 
  i would have thought that you would be pleased that the uk is in favour of free trade and globalisation ? 
  if you are against free trade , you are the creationist , not me . 
  why on earth would the eu mind that the uk is in favour of free trade ? 
  think about it . 
   i do n't have any preference about their choice . 
  sounds like you agree with me then . 
   people with money do n't care . 
  they have little time off anyway , and they can fly wherever they want . 
  people with money care hugely about the kind of city they live in and cultural factors . 
   ehm - no - the uk is sitll member of the eu until the end of the divorce negotiations , and thus the ecj stays the applicable court for any kind of disputes within the eu-treaties . 
  the uk 's obligations under the eu treaties are also a question of international law . 
  the uk would of course have an entirely legitimate point about the international court being the appropriate one to decide this dispute . 
   and , it is still about eu-law since the treaties say that the competence lay with the eu , and under effet utile , it is most likly that it stays with the eu as long as the dirvorce-negotiations are on their way . 
  the treaties do not say that a country that is leaving the eu can not negotiate with third countries . 
  this is a legal vacuum here . 
  however , we know that the eu likes free trade and will be happy that the uk is in favour of global free trade and is seeking to enhance global free trade further . 
   the two are interconnected , though . 
  if the people of catalonia want to be independent then they absolutely should . 
  and if they do n't want to , they absolutely should n't . 
  i can understand why you want them to have a choice . 
  but you seem to have a preference about what choice they make . 
   the grater problem lies in the negotiations with the eu , since the divorce negotations are of a higher priority than the trade deal in thus regard that the two years are probably not enough for the divorce talks alone , let alone for a comprehensive trade-agreement that might take , even when done fastly , 5-10 years . 
  at this point , the protection of the union is of more importance , meaning that the necessary part of the entanglement of the union and the uk has to come first , and only after that , the trade agreement can be negotiated . 
  this is a question about tactics rather than law . 
  the eu and the uk may simply have different tactics here . 
   and again , the purpose of a law is , as mindboggling stupid it is , not in any interest to eu-law , it is a four-corner-of-the-treaty-interpretation alone . 
  if the uk and the eu disagree about the uk 's international law obligations , then the eu can sue the uk in the hague . 
  i think the main point is that the purpose of the prohibition on countries not negotiating treaties is because of the common commercial policy . 
  it is not relevant in the context of a country that is leaving the common commercial policy . 
  why on earth would the eu mind if the uk starts discussing free trade with australia ? 
  the eu is supportive of free trade after all . 
  i would have thought you would be happy about it . 
   first , while the brexit is still in negotiation , the competences are still the same , meaning that britain has no legal right to do any trade-deals with anyone . 
  [ lawyers do not agree about that . 
  ] ( http://www.lawyersforbritain.org/files/uk-right-to-negotiate-free-trade-agreements-before-leaving-eu.pdf )  there is the factual matter this is not about the law then .
