  also it is somewhat unusual for terrorists to be caught alive . 
  in recent times many have tended to ensure that they only get caught dead . 
  that is what surprised me . 
  farage is not the government and is never going to be the government . 
  perhaps you believed that farage was going to be able to make spending commitments and that influenced your vote ? 
  i did n't . 
   by removing your access to the european union court of justice there are lots of civilised countries in the world that do not have access to the cjeu and i am glad the uk will not be under its jurisdiction . 
   effectively locking yourselves in with a ruling aristocracy and devolving your access to contest your oppression and the inequality you live under . 
  theresa may is not an aristocrat . 
  she is just a boring lower middle class vicar 's daughter , exactly the same as angela merkel . 
  i do n't think it will change public opinion in either direction . 
   most of the dire predictions during the referendum debate were based on the idea that cameron would keep his promise to trigger article 50 immediately once the referendum voted for brexit . 
  he obviously did n't keep his promise . 
  and do you know what ? 
  that was another lie by the remain side . 
  thankfully the british people did not believe that lie . 
   the brexit negotiations will be incredibly complex . 
  on this i agree . 
  it will be the most complex negotiation that humanity has ever seen . 
   i do n't give a shit what you thought . 
  it was viewed as a promise by most of the electorate , and it 's massively disingenuous to suggest that it was n't . 
  no , the electorate are not as stupid as you seem to be . 
  just because you believed that the leave campaign were committing to spend # 350 per week on the nhs when they were n't even going to have the power to do that does not mean that the electorate believed that . 
  no , the words `` clear and specific '' have a precise meaning . 
  i am using them as such . 
  it is not pedantic to choose particular words and to use them properly . 
  if i had meant something different i would have chosen different words . 
  i actually agree with your analogy . 
  when we joined , we hoped that we were joining a common market , but everyone else thought the project was something else . 
  we thought we were playing football , but it turned out you wanted to play petanque and even worse , wear leiderhosen - very unbritish !, 
  obviously , we should never have joined in the first place . 
  and , obviously , given it was clear that we did not like petanque , you should never have let us join . 
  in this sense , we were both at fault . 
  however , you were convinced that you could get us to like leiderhosen . 
  and we were convinced that our vision for the eu was better than yours and we could get you to like our idea . 
  this is partly because there is just a big cultural gap between us - we both tried for 40 years to persuade the other , but it did not work out . 
  obviously , the consequences of this are massive and this has hit the eu hard . 
  because you had an emotional investment in the project , you feel rejected . 
  we only ever thought about the eu in a transactional way , which is why we just can not understand why you feel strongly . 
  ( this is why the exit process is going to be crazy , we still do not understand each other . ), 
  the leave campaign were campaigning to leave the eu , not to be the government . 
  in the uk it is the government that decides policy in relation to nhs funding , not the leave campaign . 
  of course it was not a promise !, 
  it was abundantly clear that it could n't be delivered !, 
  did you really think it was a promise in the referendum ? 
  i did n't when i voted . 
   i find it fascinating how throughout times , british people by enlarge have had a very different mentality from most other cultures , namely in that they were always very characteristically unnaturally obedient and subservient to authority , which is why they never had guillotines in the public squares and why they make such exceptional butlers and secret agents , they simply do n't have that self interest revolt gene you can find in everyone on the continent . 
  i agree that there is less tendency for revolution in the uk compared to some other cultures . 
  but i think this is partly because we have seen that our political structures evolve gradually over time . 
  what is the point of putting our royal family under the guillotine if the royal family seem to be adapting to the new times ? 
  i do n't think this is really the same as saying british people are unnaturally obedient . 
  the whole referendum was an episode in which the british people decided to do something which the political and social establishment was telling them not to do . 
  but we disobeyed . 
   brexit has n't happened yet . 
  but there have already been consequences , based on people predicting that brexit will happen . 
  the vote of itself had consequences . 
  the fact that the uk government and the uk parliament have both committed to brexit , means that business is taking it into consideration . 
  when i used the words `` specific and clear '' , i meant them as such . 
  `` specific and clear '' is the opposite of `` implication '' , which is by definition not something specific or clear . 
  what was written on the bus was not a clear commitment to fund the nhs by # 350m per week . 
  it was a slogan , not a manifesto commitment . 
  when i voted to leave the eu i did not for a moment want the money we save to go to the nhs . 
   there is very little the uk can which the uk government is n't already doing , to reduce the impact of brexit . 
  the impact has mostly been good so far , with high employment , good growth prospects , lots of inward investment etc. 
  by reducing tax rates and regulating more appropriately things will get better . 
   you can argue it 's realpolitics & games everything has always been this and will stay this . 
  pretending otherwise is dishonest !, 
  this was not a specific and clear claim . 
  thanks for the reply to the reply . 
  just to deal with the final point , if you read [ the hmt paper produced by george osborne ] ( https://www.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/attachment_data/file/524967/hm_treasury_analysis_the_immediate_economic_impact_of_leaving_the_eu_web.pdf ) , it specifically states : '' * the analysis in this document comes to a clear central conclusion : a vote to leave would represent an immediate and profound shock to our economy . 
  that shock would push our economy into a recession and lead to an increase in unemployment of around 500,000 , gdp would be 3.6 % smaller , average real wages would be lower , inflation higher , sterling weaker , house prices would be hit and public borrowing would rise compared with a vote to remain . 
  * '' it is dealing with the consequences of the vote itself . 
   the economic impacts of brexit will be as severe as the eu decides the economic effects in the uk will depend primarily on decisions made by the uk government ( e.g. 
  regulation , tax rates , funding of infrastructure etc ) . 
   the uk has to renegotiate everything with its european partners , including basic access to the markets . 
  bring on the renegotiation . 
  i am looking forward to it . 
  extending that to the single market and eea is beyond the mandate of the referendum . 
  if parliament do n't want the uk to leave the single market , then they can pass legislation to that effect or ensure we have new elections . 
  however , it seems clear that the majority of mps want the uk to leave the single market . 
   they can literally say their `` economic recession '' predictions are not lies because the uk did n't actually leave the remain campaign argued that just by voting leave there would be a recession . 
  this was a lie ,  so they correctly believed the vote leave campaign in that voting leaving would n't actually mean leaving ? 
  vote leave obviously argued that voting leave would mean leaving the eu . 
  however , they correctly stated that the uk government would not trigger article 50 immediately , but would instead come up with a plan and then trigger article 50 in an organised way after making that plan , which is what is happening . 
  no need for any recession to happen . 
  which specific and clear promises did vote leave make ? 
   art 50 was expected to be triggered straight away as well . 
  that was a lie by the remain side . 
  the remain side ca n't say that the reason that there economic recession lies did not come true was because they lied that article 50 would be triggered immediately . 
  fortunately the public believed vote leave who correctly said that article 50 would not be triggered immediately . 
  the pattern of this attack seems a bit different from some terrorist attacks we have seen recently . 
  for example , even the suspect getting caught alive is quite different . 
  not for much longer , thank goodness . 
  the claims were that the very act of voting leave would trigger a recession . 
  given that you hate us anyway , there is no reason not to support turkey 's membership of the eu . 
  it does n't change the amount of hate you have for us , but it gives us a benefit . 
   shame they did n't make these things more clear during the referendum . 
  who is `` they '' ? 
  the people responsible for ensuring that the uk leave the eu are of course the british government , not the leave campaign . 
  the leave campaign had no authority to make specific and clear promises during the campaign and wisely refrained from so doing , helping them deliver the wonderful result on 23 june .
