   maybe , but next time an agreement will be negotiated with the uk the countries in the eu might be more defiant and careful about it . 
  oh , i am sure that they will . 
  however , in the end the eu will be realistic . 
  the eu 's neighbours are crazy russia , crazy turkey , crazy libya and balkans on the one hand and peaceful , liberal , democratic norway , switzerland and uk on the other hand . 
  it is sort of pointless being defiant to a peaceful , liberal democracy . 
   i think that a bigger factor is simply that france is actively-attempting to not let people through -- that is , the uk owes her position to a friendly and cooperative france -- plus italy and greece can not deport people that they intercept . 
  while it is true that the uk is currently relying on a reasonably co-operative france , the day that france stopped co-operating ( i.e. 
  just let people get on ferries and trains and trucks without checking passports ) is the day that the channel tunnel and ferries between the uk and france cease . 
  i do n't see how the uk government would be able to do anything else . 
  however , france will cooperate on this because it is in france 's interests to cooperate . 
  this article basically expresses the collective wisdom of the / r/europe community in our discussions on the subject of a few days ago ... 
   personally i think that the uk should leave the eu and that both parties ( eu & uk ) should do some soul searching in the following 5-10 years . 
  i agree . 
  i think that the uk leaving the eu will cause the eu to do some real soul-searching . 
  i think having the uk ( as friendly , liberal , free-trade oriented , open , peaceful democracy ) outside the eu but close to it will in the long-run be better for the eu . 
  regulatory competition will be advantageous to both sides . 
   about that , i fully agree with you . 
  and one could hope if what you said regarded only the banks ' question ... 
  i was talking generally , not only in relation to the question of banks . 
  the purpose of the italian government is to look out for the interests of the italian people . 
  not to just say yet to whatever craziness comes out of brussels . 
  this current renzi government seems a little more permanent than some of your governments . 
   because last year a new european law say national government can no longer create a bad bank . 
  uk opted out of this law . 
  italy needs to start manning up and saying `` no '' to the eu sometimes . 
  if the british people want to improve workers rights , then they will elect a government to do that . 
  believe in britain !, 
  trust democracy . 
  do n't talk britain down !, 
  please come over to the uk and help us campaign to #leave !, 
  ( i understand that #voteleave have already asked for advice from the campaign that kept norway out of the eu . ), 
  why am i not surprised ? 
  hahahaha thanks that is too kind !, 
  i think there are lots of interesting posters here . 
  it feels very temporary . 
  the labour party or the electorate will get rid of him soon . 
  the falkanders do n't want this . 
  falklanders should be governed how they want to be governed . 
  the uk is always likely to have very high levels of immigration , because of its language , its economy and its reputation . 
  just like other anglosphere countries also have high immigration , like australia , canada and the u.s. , and none of these are in the eu , it is likely that the uk will too . 
  of course , if you like living in a multi-national place , london is the most globalised city in the world and will continue to be like that once we leave the eu . 
  in the uk a labour and conservative coalition outside of war-time is unthinkable . 
  we find coalitions hard enough , but the idea of a grand coalition does not sit well with us . 
  even the design of our house of commons favours oppositional politics over collaborative politics . 
  to me it seems somewhat regrettable that germany now seems to face inevitable grand coalitions for the future . 
  in my mind it makes me think that the actions of government are less likely to be scrutinised . 
  but , hey , different countries do different things ... 
  your data is out of date and overstated by the rotterdam effect . 
  i 've enjoyed pints with people from across the whole globe , japanese , kenyans , mexicans ... 
  enjoying pints with people from overseas has nothing with the referendum and should not impact how you vote . 
  for a while there have been hard left activists from the uk trying to get the calais people into britain . 
  hopefully the french justice system comes down on them like a tonne of bricks . 
  you can criticise the use of a word without looking at a dictionary , as dictionaries are simply one souce among others . 
  media refer to the people in calais in different ways . 
  the bbc news this evening used `` migrant '' and not `` refugee '' . 
  there is no `` no '' side , there is only a `` remain '' and `` leave '' side . 
  i 'm not sure if it would much impact the referendum because we already have seen months of chaos across europe with the migrant crisis . 
  i think people concerned about that will already be priced in . 
  for what it is worth i will vote to leave and the migrant crisis is not really one of my big concerns . 
  words do n't simply exist in a legal context , they also exist in a social context . 
  in any case , even if we look at the legal framework of refugees , it makes no sense to say that applying for asylum is an unrelated thing . 
  it clearly is closely related . 
  if they reached the uk , people would be pretty annoyed on social media . 
  it would be the same if we were n't in the eu . 
  it would be different if we were in schengen . 
  whether or not they should apply for asylum in france is not an unrelated question . 
  it is clearly related . 
  being a refugee and applying for asylum are concepts that are meant to go together . 
  i think you are trying to create some kind of controversy where there is none . 
  go on to its website and there is no pretence that this group is anything other than what it is . 
  grassroots does n't just mean origins it means the means by which it plans to campaign . 
  all debt has to be in a particular currency . 
  the uk is a global financial centre so naturally we want to be able to trade debt securities in all major currencies easily . 
  via cameron 's reforms , which will also apply to ireland . 
  if for example the eurozone tried to ensure that clearing of euro denominated debt could only take place in the eurozone , that would be descrimination . 
  while it is of course a tragedy and an embarrassment that any anti-semitic attacks take place in london , fortunately they remain few . 
  taken as a whole londoners are incredibly welcoming to jews ( even if they are french ) . 
  if you ca n't understand why tens of thousands of people from all over the world move to london every year i am not sure if there is much i can do to help you . 
  however , london is the most globalised city in the world with unparalleled professional and cultural opportunities . 
  french jews are welcome to come to london . 
   well then you 're incredibly stupid . 
  please stop making low effort aggressive comments like this which are completely against the rules of this sub . 
  thanks . 
  the reforms cameron are proposing are largely pointless and as such he will succeed in all of them . 
  none of them will remotely solve the many problematic aspects of the eu , so obviously it makes sense to vote to leave the eu and take back control of our own laws and democracy . 
  for what it is worth i disagree with you about your analysis of where the democratic deficit lies in the eu . 
  pan european democracy is impossible because there is no pan european demos . 
  there is no common language or culture or identity : we are too different . 
  for a democracy to work there needs to be a desire to suffer common governance , a willingness to see your taxes go to other parts of the state , an acceptance that this is giving money to your own and not to an `` other '' . 
  we just do n't have that in the eu , as we saw with the greek debacle . 
  you can rob peter to pay paul , but it turns out you ca n't rob per and pieter and pietari to pay paolo , pablo and pavlos . 
  they just do n't in their hearts feel like a demos . 
  this is why when people vote in the eu parliament they vote on national issues , why there is no pan european press holding the eu parliament to account , why almost no eu citizens have any understanding of the eu legislative process , why parliamentary business in the eu is so tedious . 
  of course the outcome is going to be chaotic and poorly written and arbitrary . 
  it is inherent in the system . 
  as the various comments in this thread will show , it is pointless and impossible trying to change it . 
  it can not be done . 
  powers do n't go back to the nation state ever , they only ever go away from the nation state to the eu . 
  focus on trying to get off the titanic rather than re-arranging the deckchairs . 
  it is impossible for concessions to benefit all parties .
