   do you think that is noticeably better , or arguably any better , than syria ? 
  do you read the news ocasionally ? 
  they 're in france . 
  what 's wrong with france ? 
  ( okay , maybe do n't answer that . ), 
  there has been an incredible amount of hypocrisy from the british media about hungary and in particular the bbc . 
  i find it astonishing . 
  hungary has built a fence , this is exactly the same thing that the uk has done at calais , but somehow we think that we can criticise them . 
  if we were so concerned about the migrants and refugees that want to go from serbia to the west , we should charter planes from belgrade to heathrow carrying them all or shut the fuck up . 
  the uk is hugely advantaged by geographical position . 
  hungary borders serbia , croatia , romania , ukraine . 
  if the uk bordered those countries i can only imagine how big a wall we would build . 
  there is no increase in nationalism in the uk . 
  wanting to leave the eu is not about nationalism . 
  it is about putting democracy at the level of the demos . 
   if out campaigners want to succeed they have to gain in polls much more % s than their rivals . 
  many wobbly out supporters will change their minds just before casting the ballot out of simple fear of losing status quo . 
  same happened in scotland . 
  what the `` out '' side need to do is explain that staying in is not the status quo . 
  the eu is on a journey of ever closer union . 
  in ten years time it will not be the same as it is now . 
   and let 's remember , greece also lied its way into it . 
  they were n't the only ones . 
  and everyone knew that they were n't ready . 
  they accepted them anyway because it was n't about economics . 
  it was about politics . 
   however , this kind of evaluation should have been don by greece itself , by the weak ones : will we last in this competitive union?they gambled for yes , and they signed the treaty . 
  yes , they would have been better off if they did n't join . 
  ( this was exactly why the uk did n't join the euro . 
  do we really want to give up control of monetary policy where there is no fiscal transfers ? ), 
  to be completely clear , i am saying that greece is at fault too . 
  however , you need to be clear that not only was greece at fault for joining an imperfect currency union , but that the people that designed the imperfect currency union were also at fault . 
  they designed a system that was inevitably going to cause huge misery . 
  the treaties were impefect . 
  you have just now been arguing for fiscal transfers within nation states and talking about those fiscal transfers towards sardinia . 
  the scale of those fiscal transfers needs to be dramatically increased for the eurozone to become successful . 
  ( it would have been better if they had put in place the fiscal union before putting in place the currency union . ), 
   throwing food away is considered very wrong thing in my family . 
  as a child if i did n't finish my dinner i was n't allowed to get up from the table until i did finish it ... 
   the cap has been reduced significantly in size , and the cap policies have been significantly changed - so the cap back then is already gone for all intents and purposes . 
  yet , the rebate continues unabated . 
  wake me up once the cap has gone completely . 
  ( hopefully the uk leaves the eu soon and then you will be able to keep the rebate and we will both be happy . ), 
   that 's not the eu alone , there 's the imf in that as well . 
  and i see that you , as others , have well believed the narrative that the bad guy in the troika was the eu , also supported by the theatrical pull out of the imf last minute from the last agreement . 
  if the eu did n't want the imf in there , why are they there ? 
  is the eu not capable of fixing its own currency union ? 
   in any case , greece 's case was quite peculiar . 
  what is quite wrong in that story is the belief that austerity is good , well rooted in nordic countries , the netherlands , the uk and all other center right governments in europe . 
  they all agreed on greece 's destiny uk did n't . 
  this is nothing to do with the uk . 
  the uk did mild austerity ( but kept a budget deficit that is higher than what the eu allows , because the uk refused to sign the fiscal compact ) . 
  also , the uk , with the pound , was able to devalue its currency during 2008/2009 . 
  the uk also began a programme of quantitative easing immediately the crisis started . 
  the uk 's actions were completely at odds with those of the eurozone . 
   sure , german banks should n't have been saved , neither in ireland nor in greece . 
  on this i agree with you . 
  i am not someone who agrees with the taxpayer bailing out failing businesses , whether that business is a bank that makes bad loans or a farm that is not efficient . 
   now , the eu should have handled the crisis way better than that . 
  austerity is a bullshit theory . 
  but to say the eu alone ruined greece?that 's simply a convenient lie . 
  it is n't the eu alone that is at fault . 
  primary responsibility lies with the greek government , i agree . 
  however , the eurocrats who put in place a single currency area where countries were at very different economic levels , with very different traditions , should have known that it would n't work and that a generation would be conscribed to unemployment . 
  this is the fault of the eurocrats . 
  the eurosceptics like me have been proved right by what has happened to greece . 
   lem me have my national pride for a moment  you are absolutely welcome to have it !, 
   did i ever say i endorse that?i never even mentioned greece , nor the troika ... i am wondering why do you have to build non-existent statements to counterargument my point ... 
  okay , sorry , that was a cheap below the belt shot by me . 
  however , you have to admit that greece and the troika are the eu that we have though . 
  i just really struggle to see how you manage to argue that the eu is so good at protecting rights , when you know what is going on with greece . 
  was n't there a summit yesterday ? 
   if an eu country went crazy on cutting welfare and labour standards to the point where an average citizen would see its social rights denied ( fair pay , rest , etc ) , calling out your country on non respecting eu minimum standards could be an extra weapon for individual citizens or small groups who seem themselves silenced on a national level . 
  greece went crazy recently on cutting welfare - this was imposed by the eu . 
  it is a terrible shame for the greek people and greek democracy . 
  i am surprised that you endorse what has happened there and support the actions of the troika . 
   in fairness , if i was a british citizen , i would like an extra weapon against injustices in my country . 
  the weapon i have is my vote . 
  if the eu can impose something against the wishes of my vote , my vote is weaker . 
   i only showed you oecd data on inequality in europe . 
  as mentioned , europe is not a place where no country can be the most inequal . 
  if you do n't want the uk to be the most unequal , which country do you want it to be ? 
  this is the problem with relative measures . 
  ultimately they only tell you how you are performing in relation to others , not on whether you are performing as you want to be performing . 
  are you really arguing that there should be zero inequality whatsoever and the state should redistribute all wealth ? 
  i 'm not saying that the uk is perfect , the uk could do more to encourage social mobility . 
  but this is ultimately a question for british national democracy . 
  you somehow seem to think that the eu should butt its nose in to this , which i find astonishing . 
   the quality of a country does not depend solely on its perception by immigrants . 
  nobody is forced to stay in the uk . 
  there is n't a wall around it !, 
  if the 100,000 s of people from the rest of the eu who come to the uk each year did n't like it , why would they stay ? 
  also , things do get better if you work hard . 
  i have just come back from a meeting with one of the business development managers in my firm . 
  she arrived from budapest seven years ago and worked as a waitress . 
  now she is earning 80,000 gbp per year . 
  you seem very prejudiced against the uk but also not to know very much about it . 
   hundreds of non-qualified italians ( and also some clueless graduates ) find jobs as waiters , and then come back saying it 's hell , because they had to slave through 3 jobs and were able to save nothing . 
  they did not think they would be living the life of the poor briton , among cheap and bad food , small and sad housing while some went back , most did n't . 
  the uk 's population has increased by six million over the last 20 years .
