   any country where right-wing nutjobs take power . 
  i 'm against allowing uncontrolled immigration from outside the eu too , but the problem is that right-wingers want to restrict migration inside the eu as well . 
  hopefully the uk will be leaving the eu as soon as possible . 
  there wo n't be any right-wing nut-jobs in power though . 
  obviously , all future immigrants to the uk from the eu would have to apply for work permits , though people who have come to the uk before it leaves the eu will not be required to do this . 
   i do n't want that some ukip-like nutjobs suddenly decide to deport me . 
  which country do n't you want to be deported from ? 
   in sweden eu-funded projects reconstruct rivers that were destroyed by the logging industry a century ago , sweden would never have prioritized those projects . 
  this is essentially amounts to you being pleased that the eu is undermining your national democracy , taking money from swedes and spending it on things that swedes do n't want . 
   the eu only being a free trade zone this . 
  and include as much of the world as possible because free trade helps everyone . 
  i 'm also curious to understand from french people the extent to which this vote was a protest vote and the extent to which it represents their real preference . 
  the headlines have been all `` choc '' and so forth , but i agree that this result is n't terribly surprising . 
  anyone who follows french politics has noted the fn 's steady progress over the last several years . 
  i also agree that a lead of one per cent over the lrs + allies , when the secound round is still up for grabs , is not something that would be typically called a landslide in uk elections ( where a landslide is only used if one party is miles ahead of the others ) . 
  however , the result is still extremely noteworthy and will have profound consequences within france and potentially also beyond france . 
  we should n't underestimate it : ( 1 ) the last time regional elections were held in 2010 , the fn got 11 % in the first round and came fourth . 
  over five years this represents an extraordinary change . 
  ( 2 ) the fn have never governed a region before . 
  if they win any regions in the second round ( and this looks quite possible in npdcp and paca ) this is a massive breakthrough . 
  it will show that the front republicain is not always effective . 
  it will potentially give the fn credibility in terms of being able to govern and a platform on which to launch their presidential campaign . 
  ( 3 ) the fn did fairly well everywhere , both in areas where the left has been strong and in areas where the right has been strong . 
  ( 4 ) the response of sarkozy ( the `` ni ni '' strategy ) and the inability of the ps to hold the front republicain line ( i understand that the ps candidate is going to put his lists forward for the alsace-lorraine region , despite being in third place ) is effectively an acknowledgement that the fn is within the mainstream of french politics . 
  ( 5 ) typically the fn do better in presidential elections than they do in regional elections . 
  the fn also did better on sunday than the opinion polls predicted . 
  this might be an indication that fn will do even better in the presidential elections than we currently are assuming . 
  the question for the presidential election now is basically who will be marine 's opponent in the second round ? 
  this is terrible for the ps ... ( 6 ) every single newspaper is covering this from the fn angle . 
  the fn are making all the headlines here . 
   edit : also they have barely grown their vote since the eu/local elections . 
  considering how the migrant crisis and paris attacks have given them perfect ammunition this is surely disappointing for them ? 
  by my calculation they have increased their share of the vote by some 3 % or so since the eu elections . 
  in practice it might be more than that , given that euscepticism is a key part of their platform and thus their base is more likely to be motivated in eu elections compared to regional elections . 
  i do n't think they will be at all disappointed by this result , i think they will be very pleased with it . 
   which reminds me , are there any concrete proposals for possible post-brexit scenarios yet ? 
  no , there wo n't be any until after the referendum . 
  neither the uk government nor the reu has any interest in making any puiblic before the referendum , though i 'd assume that both sides have private plans . 
  boe mandate is also closer to the fed 's mandate than the ecb 's mandate interestingly , having to consider growth and employment as well as inflation . 
  i 've actually worked on islamic finance transactions and really it is not so very different . 
  with financings relating to jurisdictions which do n't recognise and wont enforce the judgment of an english court ( e.g. 
  russia ) an arbitration option is often the most sensible way of resolving disputes . 
  i guess only lawyers understand other lawyers !, 
  english law has a strong tradition of contractual freedom , essentially allowing parties absolute ability to decide which rules they want to govern their arrangements and how disputes relating to them should be decided . 
  my understanding is that german law is less flexible but perhaps i am wrong . 
  no , it has always been liked this . 
  many people in the uk want to sent their kids to church schools . 
  it would be better for everyone if sweden and poland were n't obligated to join the euro , no ? 
  i ca n't see what the downside is for anyone . 
  i listened to an interview with her a year or so ago and did not find her very confident or clear ( unlike philippot ) . 
  perhaps she has improved . 
   sharia courts are something everyone in the uk should be against . 
  even though they have no legal power there is no place for them here . 
  in the context of divorce , they are generally a bad thing . 
  in the context of something like a contractual dispute , i have much less of a problem with them . 
  i do n't think the tories could get this through parliament . 
  very sensible people , the swiss . 
  they also have a wonderful democracy . 
  we could n't recreate it in the uk , now would we really want to . 
  but we admire what you have . 
  i 'm just talking about legal theory and which prevails under that theory . 
   should i really start ? 
  i am actually really interested in what parts of eu membership you think has harmed italy ( particularly those things that other member states have opted out of , which is the issue at hand ) . 
  so , do start please !, 
   for the greater good i would have thought that your politicians should be looking out for your interests . 
  if italians are harmed by a policy , but someone somewhere else benefits , to me this is an odd policy for italy to implement . 
  but if you are happy with it , do n't be surprised when it happens !, 
  i personally would never vote for a british politician to sell us out like that . 
   the effect of section 2 section 2 is uk statute . 
  the uk parliament can amend it if they want to , by simple parliamentary majority . 
  in the event of a brexit , this is what will happen . 
  uk , ireland , jersey , guernsey and isle of man have their own mini-schengen . 
  nobody else allowed to join !, 
   it 's a well established principle in international law . 
  it is n't really an established principle and the relationship between international law and domestic law is n't of itself a question of international law . 
  some states ( e.g. ), 
  uk are entirely `` dualist '' in their approach . 
  in the uk under our constitution parliament is sovereign and uk courts would be compelled to consider uk statute above international law in the event that there were a conflict . 
   e.g. 
  flights from athens to another schengen country is less of hassle compared to flying to a non-schengen country etc. 
  really ? 
  what is the practical difference ? 
  you still need id to get on any flight anywhere . 
  no , the `` no '' campaign did very badly in scotland . 
  they turned a lot of people towards the yes side . 
  which things is italy doing which hurt italy ? 
  why did your government make your country do things which hurt it ? 
  it would be helpful if you simply deleted the comment . 
  many thanks . 
  i consider it an attack . 
  please stop calling me a troll . 
  many thanks . 
  campaigns based on fear do not work , people see through them . 
  cameron should reflect on this . 
   probably , but the `` trauma '' of 2005 is very present in the establishment it is very sad that french politicians consider the way that french people voted a trauma . 
  i think it was a great expression of your democracy . 
  actually , i think if the uk votes to leave the eu , it will have very significant consequences for french politics . 
  our countries have influenced each other in surprising ways for centuries . 
  watch and wait !, 
  look at the community rules and guidelines .
