  as for losing an empire , that is a consequence of history and am inevitability and not really related to the eu . 
  all empires have fallen - the uk has managed to maintain far better relations with its empire than the rest of the colonial powers . 
  however it has no baring as to whether or not the uk should be in the eu . . 
  it really is n't misguided nationalism . 
  ca n't you conceive of other reasons why people might not want to be in the eu ? 
   well the thing is if you understand the european countries not just as nation states but as a union , that means you will have to give up sovereignty and create new institutions . 
  that 's just how it works , you ca n't have both full sovereignty as a nation state and have the eu . 
  and this is exactly why i want the uk to leave the eu . 
   and the latter is actually what most countries on this continent seem to want . 
  judging by the way that europeans are increasingly voting , it seems that increasingly europeans do n't want this . 
   you 're surely going to be part of the geographical reality , that 's hard to change , but you 're not going to be part of the new cultural and historical reality that is the european union . 
  of course the uk will continue to be part of european cultural and historical reality . 
  literature , pop music , cinema , fashion produced in the uk is going to continue to be european !, 
  european sporting events will still include the uk !, 
  the eurovision song contest is going to continue to include the uk !, 
  to imply that the eu is somehow synonymous with euopean culture strikes me as absurd . 
  the uk will also continue to be part of the european historical reality . 
  the reu will need to have a relationship with the uk . 
  on all kinds of matters the uk ( as a nuclear power , a nation with huge soft power , the largest export market for reu goods ) is going to continue to be important for reu and in european political developments . 
  when we think about european relationships with russia or the middle east for example , the position of the uk will be something that the eu will of course consider . 
   obviously the last thing is n't okay or nice , but in all fairness a lot of british users on here actually defend the ukip stuff and are extremely `` eurosceptic '' as they call it . 
  i 'm a ukip voter . 
  i do n't define myself as `` eurosceptic '' . 
  i prefer the term `` eusceptic '' , or , if you prefer a specific definition , i am in favour of the uk withdrawing from the eu . 
   i mean , this is a european subreddit . 
  if people only come here to tell how horrible the continent and all its institutions are , why even bother to post here at all if not to provoke harsh reactions and to purposely fall into the victim role . 
  wanting the uk to withdraw from the eu is n't about saying how horrible the continent is . 
  i have spent many happy months and years living or on holiday on the continent . 
  i speak several european languages . 
  i am the biggest fan of the continent . 
  however , the eu institutions are institutions of the eu , which is a separate thing from the continent . 
  the continent is a geographical and historical and cultural reality . 
  the eu is a political entity . 
  the two are not interchangeable . 
  that is why i think the expression `` eusceptic '' should be used rather than `` eurosceptic '' . 
   why even bother to post here at all this sub is for europeans , right ? 
  that includes eusceptical brits !, 
  after all , once britain leaves the eu we are going to continue being part of the historical , cultural and geographical reality that is europe . 
  i meant people on this sub . 
  i do n't tend to read r/european . 
  apologies for not being clear !, 
   opt-outs were created when the union was a smaller club , it does n't make you a higher country that stands above others or the laws and rules of the union . 
  ( how would you justify that anyway ? ), 
  the uk is in compliance with laws and the rules that apply to it . 
  the uk is not legally required to join the euro . 
  the justificiation for different treatments is based on the democratic will of the people expressed in elections . 
  in the uk , the people do not want to join the euro . 
  in germany , the people are happy to have the euro . 
  this democratic tradition is why it makes sense for there to be different rules for different countries : different people want different things . 
   the parasite was towards such a dismissive reaction for opt-outing if something does n't give direct benefits to you . 
  what has germany opted into which does not give it benefits ? 
  and what about france ? 
   what 's so controversial about a common immigration policy anyway ? 
  right now every country makes their own laws , but it effects the whole union . 
  it would be controversial in the uk because the uk is not in schengen . 
  there are passport controls between the uk and the rest of the eu ( other than ireland ) . 
  therefore the uk and the rest of the eu can have different immigration policies , on the basis that they are not directly affected by each others immigration policies . 
  for the uk to be forced to accept an immigration policy that the rest of the eu wants would not make sense . 
  the uk has relationships with parts of the globe that other countries in the eu do n't have . 
  the uk also has different needs from the rest of the eu in relationt to immigration as our unemployment levels are much lower . 
  no real surprises here . 
  of the top ten , five cities were european . 
  this story is hilarious , though also somewhat sad for the pole . 
  i understand he does not speak very good english . 
  obviously , he must have realised when he broke in that the house was not abandoned . 
  he must have known that the owners would come back at some stage . 
   i 'm not saying ukip voters are nazis at all , i 'm saying the idea of blaming all the country problems to immigration is far from being new . 
  if your point was that the idea of blaming country problems on immigration was not new , then it would have made a lot more sense to write that rather than write about the nazis . 
  i 'm liking the new french approach of signing up to stuff but then not implementing it ( eu budget deficit rules style ) . 
  i find it very odd that r/europeans seem to admire france for that , though they are all very dismissive of the uk , who just does n't sign things in the first place . 
  it seems that it is more important to sign things than to do things . 
   p.s : also , i have n't met a single ukip supporter that made any sense about anything . 
  i honestly can not understand how such a party has come to get so much support . 
  their views , and pardon the reference , remind me of the early nazi party when they blamed it all on the jews . 
  pure demagogy . 
  i 'm a ukip voter ( on the basis that voting ukip is most likely to achieve a brexit ) , though several of their policies i disagree with . 
  i think your likening ukip to the nazis is rather absurd . 
   but i would expect a rational debate over it , not a campaign to make the eu look evil for enforcing the agreements the uk agreed to voluntarily . 
  i would also like a rational debate over it . 
  however , it is n't really possible to rationally debate with someone who likens ukip to the nazis . 
  this makes me think you are not rational . 
   assuming you guys are still in when the next diktat comes out . 
  hopefully we 'll have left by then . 
  however , this is the kind of diktat that your government is likely to sign up to . 
  so be careful !, 
   well that 's a sumg attitude , but no , you are n't a special snowflake . 
  this is the reality . 
  yes , the uk is a special snowflake . 
  this became very obvious at the time of the introduction of the euro and the uk 's exemptions from that . 
  also , the uk vetoed the famous fiscal compact , under which all countries were committed to keeping their budget deficits under three percent . 
  ( you can see how well that is working out in the rest of the eu ! ), 
  it seems that france is also a special snowflake as they are also refusing to comply with the fiscal compact when it comes to their own budget . 
   a pick-and-choose union does not work . 
  if you are in , you have play by all the rules the rules are only there if they get agreed . 
  the uk would not agree to a new rule on a immigration policy , so the new rule would not apply to the uk , even if every other country agreed to it . 
   and not act like a parasite and only take part if things directly benefit you . 
  act like a parasite ? 
  the successful parts of the eu ( common market , expansion into eastern europe ) have been pushed the hardest in the uk . 
  the uk has also created more jobs in the last couple of years than the rest of the eu put together , which is why so many people are leaving the eurozone and moving to the uk . 
  the most unsuccesful part of the eu is the common currency , which , as the uk predicted , would devastate the uncompetitive economies of southern europe and cause massive unemployment and poor economic growth .
