  what you think we 'll just let you walk away with our province ? 
  nope . 
  okay and ? 
  yeah what ? 
  butthurt nahh overjoyed at its failure more like, 
  legal migrant . 
  not some social benefit seeking one . 
  they ca n't drink beer cause of god and all that nonsense, 
  that and the middle eastern scale migrants from kosovo, 
  happy at your second failed state ? 
  meanwhile kosovo gasses it 's parliament, 
  muh newborn is a failed state, 
  how kosovo is even shittier ? 
  go move to moscow, 
  nahh i like the eu and i want to be part of europe . 
  i do n't really see the need to be part of nato , russia is n't a threat to us . 
  i 'd ask why certain members of the eu do n't have to recognize it but we do ? 
  spain cyprus romania slovakia and greece - pure bros, 
  am licking my screen, 
  yeah 1244, 
  the un controlled it, 
  no but i.live in a western country and go.to serbia every summer . 
  i want a western lifestyle for serbia, 
  we got better weather and just as good.lookin gals haha, 
  yes bring them in by being part of a larger union that demands certain standards from its members . 
  it will push serbia to develop in that direction, 
  uhh no that 's nice of you to offer but no thanks, 
   our currently greatest national interest , whether we like it or not , is kosovo . 
  yeah and we signed an agreement with kosovo for greater autonomy for the serbs there but the albanians are now fighting among themselves throwing tear gas in parliament and basically having no government and looking like huge fuck-ups . 
  its not a crumbling alliance , it will survive this but what i see the eu as is an opportunity to bring western standards of living and way of life into serbia . 
   causing or relating to a great or complete change there ya go op, 
  ahh i dnno but at least vucic pederu is getting some kind of results, 
  appropriate name op, 
  top lel is truth yeah, 
  burning flags in front of embassies ? 
  okay well let us just take the serbian enclaves in kosovo too and we will be set . 
  and no sorry those are integral parts of serbia proper . 
  you can try and you already did once to.take them but with no nato you 'll just be sent back to albania like last time . 
  lol okayyyyy there ... 
  yeah time travel ... going back to milosevic type of serbia . 
  dictatorial with scam elections and sanctions and being seen as a pariah state, 
  what choice does seselj , that old unhappy ultranationalist , offer ? 
  fine then we get half of bosnia and northern kosovo, 
  chance at what ? 
  going back to the 90s ? 
  yeah let 's just blame the germans for everything . 
  are you living in a dream world . 
  we havnt had control of kosovo since 1999 . 
  please do n't, 
  is she retarded or a robot ? 
   a what, 
  the only solution is to buy each and every one of them a condo in florida, 
  very, 
  yes lets put a human computer virus in alien technology millions of years more advanced than ours . 
  * murica *, 
  holy ... shit, 
  if youre from bosnia youre a bosnian but they just happen to be ethnic serbs so theyre bosnian serbs just like croatians from bosnia are croatian-bosnians . 
  cmon now its not hard, 
  lol as just thinking that, 
  yeah maybe in 1950 i doubt they care in 1990 when yeltsin was there, 
  why does albania get 2 teams ? 
  ca n't stump the trump, 
  1400 how in the he 'll does something of this scale happen omg, 
  ah as well as the ottoman empire was cracking at the seams . 
  i doubt they would have reformed considering the archduke himself was quoted as saying that he thought of slavs as less than dogs . 
  reform was all at the discretion of the archduke . 
  among other things that is ... 
  tried to bring him flowers to whisk him off his feet and after that failed he tired to do it literally . 
  heyyy read that same book haha great read, 
  my prof said it 's a possibility that the slavs there were seeking a strong leader and that he came from scandinavia but that coins in the slavic tribes of the time were more advanced in terms of design and shape than scandinavian coins of the same era . 
  so why would a more advanced society seek a leader from a less advanced society . 
  that 's the problem with the rurik theory, 
  yeah all they did was achieve a bunch of scientific feats , evil bastards, 
  rurik dynasty is a theory, 
  100 years later and europe is still in decline ah, 
  yeah that `` austrians and ottomans were gon na reform '' narrative is getting so old, 
  or a british gangsta, 
  i kinda like it, 
  sneering is a way of life here, 
  when in rome ... 
  wtf you serious ? 
  apologies, 
  oh ok good if yhetes one thing i ca n't stand anymore it 's separatists, 
  yeah well yano , youre not a hungarian separatist are you ? 
  why the extra s ?? 
  i must knowww, 
  ugh just close the borders , its whats best for everyone, 
  there 's gay people everywhereeee, 
  as is tradition, 
  toiletry and plunging, 
  and i 'm . proud to be an american cause at leaset ... everybody now , know i 'm freee, 
  you brave brave man, 
  haha, 
  economics 101, 
  a lot of stuff hitler said about aryans contradicted itself . 
  calling germans aryans and saying they were the first civilised ancient romans while ignoring the fact that it was germanic tribes that were living in mud hits at the time sacked rome, 
  we wuz kings !, 
  id say india and that whole area in general is the shithole of the world . 
  figuratively and literally . 
  i look up to see if other sources are saying the same thing as b92,
