  man if i dont trust serbian media outlets like b92 why would i trust albanian sources, 
  you 're in kosovo . 
  bosnia has nothing to do with you . 
  albanians shouldnt accuse others of rampant nationalism after macedonia earlier this year and now this . 
  k the first source is in albanian , i dont even bother reading serbian sources . 
  second is rt. . . yeah and third is wikileaks , good source , but all it talks about is road blocks on their part of the border . 
  not grenade attacks on the albanian side . 
  nice try . 
  oh gim me sources on those attacks ? 
  lmao okay there neville chamberlain, 
  hopefully marine le pen will kick some arseeee, 
  well then tell the attackers of the macedonian incident earlier this year that and the attackers of serbian citizens that . 
  the yah was gon na sayyy, 
  `` muhhh gencoise in bosnia '' bosnia has nothing to do with you . 
  how long are you all going to keep playing that tune ? 
  well you see we fought a war 20 + years ago, 
  it 's been 20 + years, 
  what ? 
  uhhh no wrong, 
  okay and ? 
  these are n't russians and those are n't french and britons, 
  these are n't russians is what i 'm trying to say, 
  ahh finally someone with with some logic on r/europe, 
  no they were n't, 
  he doesnt control the skies, 
  `` russians '' well in that case britons and frenchmen are too , in droves . 
  haha love it, 
  so edgy for a 14 year old, 
  well thats encouraging news, 
  you got ta be one sick fuck to marry a child, 
  putin elected french president obviously, 
  yes, 
  been over for 20 + years now . 
  sound logic there bud . 
  i think they 're taking out their frustrations on serbs because the kosovo govenemtn managed to make a shitty province into an even shittier state somehow, 
  i do n't speak albanian, 
  latvia funding isis, 
  love it !, 
  top kekk, 
  goddamn mongorians stop tearing down my shirry warr, 
  on an afghanistan tirered level and there 's not even a war . 
  yeah that 's kind of a big deal . 
  haha ovviously . 
  its been a few years germany needs a good old allied invasion, 
  link directs you to page 59, 
  right , shit happens , sorry lads, 
  how ? 
  youre saying exactly what im saying . 
  the state has failed to bring in any real changes from 2008 and is incapable of improving the lives of anyone despite independence . 
  a jump from 6k to 22k is telling that kosovo is in a failed state as bad as syria or afghanistan except its not in state of war and neither is albania . 
  so much for newborn . 
  not in the numbers they are now  http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annual_risk_analysis_2015.pdf#page=59 almost as much as afghanistan, 
  yes !, 
  what would you call them ? 
  heres a breakdown of migrants by country  http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annual_risk_analysis_2015.pdf#page=59, 
  what part, 
  do n't get trolled, 
  you do know all the migrants that are coming from the middle east the third and forth largest group of migrants are from kosovo and albania is respectivly . 
  something great indeed ... 
  it 's a 3 part documentary i think it 's in the second or maybe third check it out, 
  literally isis tiered, 
  uh ohhh whatd we do now, 
  the one country in the world who id support an illegal invasion of, 
  croatian castle walls defend dubrovnik and sword attacks on people in sweden . 
  forget the 90s we are going back to the 1540s, 
  oh well shit happens, 
  well we did land on the beach but lord tywinn and his army came just in time as the city 's defenders were about to lose, 
  well they did attack them too and there was a war between bosnian muslims.and croatianss . 
  they even blew up a thousand year old bridge in mortar because of reasons ... 
  watch the doc the albanian guy even admits he threw a grenade at a serbian refugee centre and went and got a burger as police arrived and adam jashari , suspected of leading and carrying out attacks , was confronted by police , the surrounded his house and told him for 3 hours over speakerphone to come out and surrender but he surrounded himself with women and children and when they decided to go in he shot back using women and children as a shield in order to become the klas martyr . 
  ol' bill doesnt carry guns, 
  where ? 
  ahh cmon now, 
  well a little different in that the kla and its members were clearly at fault too in attacking non-albanian homes and centres, 
  part 1  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hioufeiqbli find the other 2 yourselves they 're right there, 
  you worst turk , tupac alive in sribja , go back to turkey worst turk ever srbija stronk !, 
  funding isis and fifa, 
  lol jk who can afford those, 
  downtown london prices, 
  lol yeah saw that but on the other hand it just proves her point on islam yano, 
  google it, 
  when ? 
  they sent troops into bosnia into kosovo refused to accept kosovo and all that stuff in wwi . 
  that 's a lot more then we 've ever done for russia, 
  he was ethnically croatian . 
  when deciding how to politically divide up yugoslavia tito said `` you ca n't carve up my croatia '' . 
  he was croatian, 
  a really good friend more like best friend even, 
  thats why we consider them great allies, 
  oh strike me down great allah, 
  haram, 
  hated is a strong strong word to use in this case . 
  disagreed is much more acceptable, 
  or just let it go the way of yugoslavia, 
  stalin murdered many russians i doubt he cares for the opinions of russians , he was a complete dictator and no . 
  russia and serbia were just the biggest, 
  tito was a croatian and stalin a georgian . 
  russia is a friend not our mother . 
  that 's just so cringny like wtf . 
  yeah those people are retarded ultranationalists that want to unite with russia .
