  we are a normal european country but we have interests too, 
  i seeee, 
  hey they tried overthrowing milo pleantly of times too but a tyrants a tyrant . 
  although an insurgency in kosovo i thought was legitimate to go into kosovo with the army, 
  well that 's not very nice it was a gift, 
  peter the great came down to try and liberate and saw no real support amongst the pop on top of that russia does n't border serbia it tried helping in wwi the 90s and tried in kosovo but again major.issue is it does n't border us, 
  hey we like russia because they 've helped us through your the years . 
  what makes you think we would n't like the eu just as much of they helped us instead of boming is lol ? 
  shit id even be pro nato if they offered to rebuild all those blown up in downtown belgrade, 
  they did ? 
  in serbia we make graffiti of greek cyprus, 
  i think he meant like your favourite baltic nation is not a thing . 
  not that they are n't countries . 
  like if you asked me what 's my favourite type of water id say what ? 
  thats not a thing, 
  srebrenica is, 
  so what does that have to do with one culture trying to make a bullshit claim, 
   serbs were discriminating , genociding and deporting albanians en mass for the past 300 years in kosovo . 
  what we making up history now ? 
   german isis jihadist returns home from syria what ??!?!? 
  probably because kosovo had n't turned out as they hoped and reality kicked in , it might be the limited international recognition as well as serbias success in blocking it from joining unesco as well as the eus refusal to grant visa free movement . 
  reality mannnnnnnnn, 
  well that 's infuriating, 
  all the leaders lack of one, 
  finland : gee thanks norway you really should n't have no i mean you really should not have, 
   why is milosevic 's former presidency of interest to the us ? 
  thatss just nonsense milosevic and his legacy is long gone and well dead in montenegro . 
  the current pm is a guy the us should watch out for . 
  his allegiance comes with the highest bid . 
  my english is on point though , nearly perfect, 
  okay there crazy, 
  how hard is danish to learn ? 
  was just thinking that, 
  enclaves, 
  bush and putin got along famously and bush almost destroyed his own country , i dont doubt trump would almost do the same, 
  uhhh okay ? 
  iraq though, 
  op said drawing not exact map retard, 
  asked for a drawing , not an exact map goodamnit, 
  croatian, 
  you mean isis, 
  would they accept them ? 
  i doubt georgia will be in nato its been a long time since that was last considered and neither will ukraine . 
  i mean how many states that are part of nato would be willing to fight for ukraine and georgia ? 
  i dont think the will is there, 
  splain yo ` self fool, 
  no i mean if ukraine opted to join nato right no , do you really think all of nato would back that ? 
  i mean would all of nato really come to ukraines aid ? 
  i dont think many states are looking to fight in a war, 
  irony , i dont think you know what irony is, 
  hurr durr my state sucks i 'm gon na blame everyone else durr, 
  would nato ? 
  you need grammar lessons sonny, 
  you sure are, 
  he literally stole an eminem line `` what she tripped fell landed on his dick '', 
  as is tradition, 
  it is out of the question no doubt but that does n't mean we are going to recognize it as an independent state . 
  you took a province from us and there is no way we are going to recognize it not even for the eu . 
  and the eu never stated that we have to recognize you for membership just normalize relations which seems to be more your problem then ours since you keep gassing one another . 
  also 5 members of the eu do n't even recognize you so even if we were they wo n't . 
  pink seats wtf, 
  yah well then we 're going back to the romans, 
  again . 
  what ? 
  holy shit where are you getting these inflated numbers from ? 
  i could make up figures too , btw drowned albanian boy my ass that 's just a story they made up to legitimize their isis tiered thinking, 
   only 171 years, 
  or that yah lol, 
  i thought crimea was part of russia until 1960 when krushnev gave it to ukraine as a gift, 
  in time yes lol, 
  oil and gas ? 
  muhhhh serb opresshiunzzzz we wuz kings !, 
  lol do you read the shit you post ? 
  you did n't watch the video . 
  even albanians have started doing it they say, 
  not as big of a shithole as albania doe  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqtv34fxdog, 
  yeah our gdp is down but so is everyones since the yugoslav times except slovenias . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=suueyv6uk74 yeah sure they left because of your peace loving ways , liteally isis tiered you are . 
  yeah we might be poor but were not albania poor lol  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqtv34fxdog exploit what ? 
  kosovo is in a state of shit thanks to you, 
   go to edit on the right side of the screed where your name is and there you can select flairs your country said they might recognize kosovo in 2015 . 
  its almost 2016 and still no recognition . 
  it doesnt matter their reasons for not recognizing kosovo thats irrelevant here . 
  the issue is why would serbia be forced to recognize it when 5 members dont even recognize it . 
  what ? 
  yeah sure blame the serbs , what about albania its literally a shithole too . 
  no serbs there though . 
  not talking about asylum applications , talking about the migrants scaling borders  http://frontex.europa.eu/assets/publications/risk_analysis/annual_risk_analysis_2015.pdf#page=59 youre literally afghanistan tiered, 
  there was no genocide unless youre talking about the cultural genocide of serbs . 
  its a country whose government cant handle anything . 
   then it got it 's independence which was an illusion as it 's denied entry in the un and other vital organizations and the country is ruled by brussels rather than the people . 
  are people from serbia leaving serbia by the tens of thousands , nope thats just kosovo and the middle east . 
  you took our province and expect us to make it easy for you ? 
  dream on . 
  oh boy will your face be red in 7-12 years, 
  or tirana maybe, 
  fucking isis tiered country you are, 
  anyone you 've got beef with is in the hague take it up with them, 
  true i mean i ca n't even believe germany is allowed to exist because the sons and great granddaughters of former nazi mailmen were never prosecuted, 
  well kosovo was always part of serbia and do n't give me some illyrian nonsense,
