serbia leads fight against isis and destroys riyadh . 
  us state department agrees it was for the best . 
  m.a in what ? 
  kosovo-albanians caused that damage , eu and serbia made an agreement and signed off on it as did the kosovo government . 
  the kosovo opposition is the one rallying the kosovo-albanians and gassing parliament . 
  hon ^ hon ^ hon, 
  lol gold, 
  2 billion more migrants enter europe . 
  russia invades ... itself ??? . 
  more islamic attacks in paris and yeah . 
  thought twas godina . 
  proljece is summer but leto also means summer, 
  happy new summer ? 
  okay there bud, 
  yeah true , we need to take the state out of everything !, 
  i mean look at how well somalia is doing with no government, 
  are you in a public space when walking your dog ? 
  ask them to leave if they smoke in a public place ? 
  it 's not hard to enforce, 
  germany is like turkeys chiwauwau, 
   assist we will remove , yes ? 
  good , people smoke like chimneys here and then wonder why everyone is dying from cancer, 
  no shit, 
  i dont know what the hell youre talking about ? 
  what ? 
  hows he swedish, 
  europe should obviously buy them all a condo in miami . 
  its the humane thing to do really ... 
  swedish serb what ? 
  where ?? 
  what a small window of opportunity you all have, 
  confuses the shit out of me when i see it on american tv . 
  they walk around their houses in their shoes ffs ?? 
  like is it for real like that or just a thing on tv . 
  it 's bosnia , the entire country is mostly rural with low pop density, 
  lol, 
  i 'd rather ban him on campus, 
  usb cables ? 
  haha, 
  i think it was a joke, 
  your reasoning is retarded, 
  as corrupt as vujanovic is nikolic is a national fucking embarrassment that 's for sure, 
  haha, 
  black mountain, 
  so we should just sit back and let isis expand its borders and genocide anyone that does n't agree with their brand of fucked up islam ? 
  i do agree that this is mostly the fault of a previous us president but to say `` should have left isis alone '' is not an option in terms of what they 're doing . 
   many of them are algerian . 
  they did n't really want france , france did n't really want them then wtf are they doing in france ? 
  stop victim blaming . 
  i bet your tune would be different if one of your family members was one of the 130 dead frenchmen !, 
  what happens when you never call them out on their bullshit ? 
  well youre from the uk im sure youve heard of the rotherham case and how the authorities were afraid of being labelled `` racists '' . 
  what ? 
  read the bios some of them had come from the middle east . 
  also if some of them had been in europe for over 20 years thats even worse , just shows that those that are born in europe cant or arent willing to integrate which just makes any kind of immigration pointless . 
  then that would be a strong case for closing all borders into europe . 
  i 'd stop the flow of millions coming in yeah !, 
  * bilal hadfi * m. al-mahmod * ahmad al-mohammad * brahim abdeslam * abdelhamid abaaoud * samy amimour * omar ismail mostefai * foued mohamed-aggad  french and belgian, 
  yeah but if we do let them in stuff like paris happens . 
  so damned if you do damned if you dont . 
  i have a few jewish friends whose kids want to celebrate christmas so they started celebrating it but call santa the red rabbi ahah, 
  you really need a spoiler tag fuck, 
  wait till jan 7th, 
  mostly centered around family and friends and having a dinner and all that , not really about the gifts, 
  good guy belgium, 
  our relations with romania are so good that i sometimes forget we border them !, 
  that is one sign of a good neighbor, 
  why all the belgian hate, 
  he signed a non-disclosure agreement not to disclose anything he hears regarding his job at the government and it could be considered treason if he did . 
  so in a sense he did betray his country . 
  but isnt it also wrong to stay quiet when you know what your country is doing is wrong ? 
  bit of a mindfuck , not sure myself ? 
  i like to picture jesus as a ninja fighting off evil samurai, 
  am i the only one who didnt believe in santa as a kid ? 
  my kids better not believe in him either . 
  `` there is no santa kids , i worked my ass off to buy you those gifts , appreciate it ! '', 
  so can someone explain what 's going on in croatia, 
  for when you need to take out that crater inn the ground, 
  a bosnian an albanian and an arab walk into a bar . 
  bartender says get the fuck out . 
  silly germans , that 's an orange, 
  yeeeeeeesh, 
  yeahh youd be surprised how many buildings still have war wounds, 
  thats kinda nice actually, 
  u mad severina couldnt find what she needed in croatia so she went to the alphaness that is serbia ? 
  cause id be mad, 
  looks like yall need some otpor, 
  never forget reach, 
  i blame the saudis, 
  wtf seriously ? 
  jan 7 christmas celebrating master race here , yes yes it is !, 
  they were in a civil war, 
  i dont understand ? 
  not the rich states like ksa , qatar , kuwait and the uae thats for sure , theyve only offered to build mosques those evil disgusting fucks, 
  there was no genocide in kosovo unless you 're talking about the expulsion of the native christian population and the desixration of centuries old christian monastaries . 
  we 're they now ? 
  whwrre do you get this info from ? 
  yeah citizens are a lot different from crazy nationalistic diaspora, 
  they destroyed the evidence, 
  that was in the past and serbia itself was never indicted on genocide but has made amends like donating $ 5 million to srebrenica and handing all those responsible over to the hague .
