send in the pike men !, 
  germans have the best accent , though . 
  i developed a taste for it , but more than that i think i killed off half my taste buds and can now eat spicy food in general . 
  i do n't know anywhere you can get ` the real deal ' here in sweden . 
  ` thai food ' here is nice , and does remind me of thai food , but it 's definitely not the same . 
  a few times a year i get the impulse to eat rice with every meal for a few days , but other than that i eat less rice than i did before going there . 
  a family friend is married to a woman from the philipines , and the food she cooks comes much closer than thai restaurants do , so i imagine there are specialty shops where you can get the right spices and such . 
  it definitely varies . 
  our understanding tends to be pretty good , but having studied in scotland and then returned to sweden , i definitely notice that not everyone speaks as well as the stereotype . 
  absolutely . 
  gorgeous country , wonderful people . 
  i hope so . 
  i did not get paid beyond free room and board . 
  very interesting experience , but not sustainable moneywise . 
  his english . 
  my german is high school level , minus a few years of fading from disuse . 
  yeah i know , but we talked briefly and it seemed natural . 
  i normally would n't have mentioned it . 
  i 'm not a native speaker myself , so i actually appreciate it when people help me improve . 
  thai food is excellent . 
  however , i spent half a year there as an english teacher , and i now almost never ever eat rice , because with few exceptions for six months i had it 21 times a week . 
  they probably make all of their money from 1 ) tourists who want to try out the infamous swedish `` food '' and 2 ) teenagers who crack open a can as a joke . 
  never met a german police officer , but i corrected a german airport security officer 's grammar once . 
  he was very polite . 
  three weeks later i passed through again and there was a random inspection . 
  i know it 's a coincidence , but it fits my image of germans in uniform patiently biding their time . 
  do n't make me come over the ice , boy . 
  no , it just takes a little bit of intellectual honesty . 
  [ is of best school for wizardry . 
  typical revisionist history . 
  denmark was only allowed to borrow scania for a little while . 
  i can understand that . 
  but ... 1st player remote . 
  it was * better * than second player remote . 
  i never even liked mario , i preferred luigi . 
  but what , i 'm supposed to give up the player 1 remote ? 
  the burden of big brotherhood is a heavy duty to bear , but someone has to do it . 
  `` i remember how you had to stop and think about it . '', 
  i 'll take that one !, 
  that is also true . 
  but two problems are n't better than one . 
  they would have . 
  they could have devalued their currency and so made it much more attractive for foreign investors , as well as improved their exports . 
  they also would n't have been able to fuck up their debt so badly in the first place , because the euro was kept high by the other countries in the union . 
  nah , i meant in general . 
  oh but the incentives are only for large corporations you see . 
  but see , it 's not that people do n't care . 
  it 's that they feel the decisions are so far removed from them that they ca n't influence them . 
  we need to do something to actually get people to vote . 
  personally i 'd try making voting mandatory ( give them a hundred euros back on their taxes that year as long as they voted or something ) . 
  i agree with most of that , but i will note that it has become much easier for multinational corporations to influence europe now thanks to treaties between the us and the eu . 
  they can lobby negotiators on both sides , and they can straight up bribe the us ones . 
  i 'm familiar with it , and i 'd rather have it than not . 
  but a lot of eu-wide regulation is laid down from above , often in contrast with what peoples or leaders of individual countries want . 
  it 's give and take , and everyone realizes the eu has to have the power to make some decisions for member states . 
  but [ a majority ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/2014/02/27/european-parliament-laws-letter_n_4866074.html ? ), 
  of laws are now passed in brussels . 
  so i would n't call it fear mongering and populism . 
  there is legitimate concern that countries lose a lot of control over their own internal affairs . 
  and voter turn out has gone down in most member states since they joined , and voter turn outs for the elections to the european parliament itself are abysmally low . 
  it 's a complicated situation . 
  the idea behind the eu is great , and a federated europe * could * be great . 
  so far the eu has been riddled with bullshit , though , from things like spending 50 billion euro a year on agriculture to devastating unions by making it impossible to stop for example polish workers from working for polish wages in germany/sweden/the uk , etc. 
  and the biggest problem with the eu would only get worse : the decisions have been moved further away from the people , leading to decreased faith in democracy ( lower voter turnouts ) , more corruption ( the amount of professional lobbying now is insane , and was unheard of in most non-member countries before we joined ) and less control over our own countries . 
  greece for example would have been doing so much better now if not for the euro . 
  for germany and france the eu has been great , and a federation would be even better . 
  for the smaller countries ... it 's complicated . 
  personally i 'd rather my country left the eu . 
  i 'm stealing yellow green red for my book . 
  wait , you 're seriously comparing one nationality to the whole region of the middle east ? 
  at least have the intellectual honesty to compare one nationality to one other , or failing that , at least all the other nordic origins with all middle eastern ones . 
  there is of course an arbitrary line that has to be drawn somewhere . 
  as sweden , like many other countries , is pretty bad at handling immigrants after allowing them to stay ( a lot of them end up in suburbs with very few jobs and a lot of poverty ) , i think we should drastically decrease the number of people we take in and instead spend a lot more resources making sure the immigrants we have learn the language and assimilate , but we ca n't shut down immigration completely , since a lot of them are refugees from war zones , and we also ca n't kick people out who have lived here a long time , and in the case of children often have spent more time here than in their ` home ' country . 
  forgot about it . 
  let 's parse what you are saying here . 
  those not seeking financial aid would , if they became horribly sick , seek healthcare . 
  should we not save their life if they needed it ? 
  also , going to the hospital without identifying yourself is a great way to be visited by the police while getting treated . 
  where will they live ? 
  as you say , unscrupulous landlords will take them in . 
  and they will pay rent . 
  money which flows from them and into the hands of land lords . 
  much of that money enters into the swedish economy , although like you i 'm not very keen on land lords lining their pockets with illegal gains . 
  i do wish it was much , much easier for skatteverket to audit people . 
  as for the total cost of immigrants , it 's [ slightly more than we give in international aid ] ( http://www.gp.se/nyheter/goteborg/1.2638575-invandringen-kostar-som-bistandet ) , although that 's more from lost taxes than the costs associated . 
  why should the swedish taxpayer subsidize these people ? 
  because they are human beings , just like us ethnic swedes , and they come here from much worse conditions . 
  most of them end up contributing to the economy eventually , and their children certainly do . 
  there are problems . 
  i happen to think that a lot of cultural aspects they bring with them are disgusting and barbaric , especially when it comes to the alarming rates of domestic violence we see among immigrants compared to ethnic swedes . 
  but the solution is n't to boot them back where they came from , it 's to do a better job than we are currently doing of integrating them into our society , and demand some fucking effort on their part in assimilating . 
  completely open borders are absolutely impossible . 
  it would be the end of my country . 
  but we are nowhere near there , and wo n't be this century . 
  you are completely ignoring his main point . 
  undocumented immigrants do n't seek financial aid from the government . 
  poland is in the eu , so they are allowed to visit hospitals . 
  it 's mostly paid for with taxes . 
  not sure if european countries reimburse each other when someone from one country gets treatment in a different country , but it 's cheap for the individual . 
  svartarbete here in sweden .
