doing pr for them , helping them to recruit , lower resistance which is why you ignore them and give them no media attention . 
  yup . 
  waving a flag does not even mean i will kill you , even if it did just because they said that does not mean they will kill someone . 
  did it occur to you they might just be being antagonistic ? 
  so you 're for right to privacy yet against freedom of speech , what an odd combo . 
   supporting an organization how does waving a flag help isis kill people ? 
  does it generate ad funds for them from sensationalist news articles . 
  oh dear a few idiots waving a flag will undue all of european civilization !, 
  oh no , idiots are giving each other moral support , and guess what if we censor them we are giving them legitimate grievances . 
  look at it this way , be letting them wave their stupid flags we now know who are the morons that need spying on . 
  so waving a flag = killing people ? 
  so i cant express myself if it goes against any norms ? 
  never knew it was a documentary . 
  shit , who knew one man could equip an entire army all by himself . 
   once you learn about conflicts first-hand , you learn that every story has four sides . 
  and the proof is where now ? 
  the post , it was up voted . 
  i 'm aware but the point is it was in the positives when i posted it . 
  see this thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/european/comments/29zngl/what_do_you_think_about_the_antiwhite_hatred_on/, 
  that seems like a major slippery slope , and would result in the nonsense that we have in the uk with people being arrested for tweets or facebook posts , plus one mans hate-speech is another 's critical speech . 
  { { citation needed } }, 
  yeah but then who decides if and how someone is qualified ? 
  who watches the watchmen . 
  so tradition for traditions sake then ? 
  i never understand the whole monarch representing the people argument , i never choose to have anyone represent me , i can represent myself quite well thanks . 
  people complain about the word fascist losing all meaning while exclusively using the word extremist as an insult , nice going maintaining our stagnant centrist political discourse , you could at the least use militant . 
  and what about what capitalism has done to the world ? 
  so your answer is , it just does cause it does i dont have an explanation ? 
  bless your little brainwashed head . 
  edit : notice how it says under communism and not due to communism . 
  you have n't answered my question how does communism lead to any of these things you described ? 
  racism and bigotry are an integral part of nazi ( i refuse to call them socialist , national or not ) ideology , their ideology is specifically to blame , whereas the deaths under communism were due to incompetence and the unintended rise of an oppressive state , can you explain as to how communism the ideology has killed people rather than the failure of its followers ? 
  latvians are as miserable bastards as me it seems . 
  actually that 's not true ukip revives large amounts of potential voters from labour seats . 
  sure if you want to but it 'll just lead to future confusion is all . 
  then just dont have a flair at all . 
  they should n't be upholding immoral laws . 
  not like were behind in this one matter but never mind me , i 'm just a grumpy northern irishmen . 
   ( * ) excluding northern ireland northern ireland , a little slice of 20th century in 21st century western europe . 
  i 'm not going to speak for anyone but surely the fact that the communist party is the second largest party in russia ( it may even be number one if putin did n't rig elections ) says something , say what you will about people being nostalgic but they lived through it so they are the best to judge . 
  the only real way to answer this question is to find out what the current standard of living and average wage is for france , now i 'm not sure but i think its higher than ours , despite our recovering fast growing economy . 
  there are quite a [ few large mistakes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_2io5ifwkdw ) with cgp greays video . 
  there 's more to socialism than just state socialism my friend , 
  or hiding [ homophobia ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2009/oct/16/stephen-gately-jan-moir ) by saying [ `` why there was nothing ` natural ' about a man 's death '' ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/debate/article-1220756/a-strange-lonely-troubling-death--.html ) . 
  sometimes the only difference is the russian media say it out loud while western papers use code words . 
  am increase in production is pointless when there is no one to buy the extra goods , for example there are 3.5 million homeless in america and 18.5 million vacant homes . 
  another problem here is that even improvements in productivity can not go on forever , and typically the investments required for more and more productivity increases and becomes more risky , damaging investor confidence . 
  we should n't put all our hopes into something that may very well never happen . 
  anyone who believes exponential growth can go on forever in a finite world is either a madman or an economist . 
   again , no , not really . 
  `` society '' is not a homogenous whole , and some public services benefit some sectors of society to the detriment of others ( shelters for battered women privilege women over men , for instance ) . 
  i know , `` serving society '' sounds good but it 's really meaningless . 
  they can still make their money benefit the largest amount of people , why have shelters for one sex when the can be for both ? 
   you can stop them -- stop using their products !, 
  boycott them !, 
  it 's very easy to stop companies ' immoral behavior -- do n't give them your business . 
  again implying one has a choice , corporations can form cartel 's and eradicate competition , not to mention people require sufficient information to make such an informed decision , also buying alternatives often means a worse deal for the customer , the only reason we as westerns can buy things so cheap is due to exploitation , treating people fairly under capitalism is costly my friend . 
   i do n't think you understand this concept . 
  the law of diminishing returns explains why efficiency results in profits . 
  wrong again , the law of diminishing returns explains the tendency for a continuing application of effort or skill toward a particular project or goal to decline in effectiveness after a certain level of result has been achieved . 
   efficiency is by definition amoral . 
  not immoral , not moral . 
  amoral . 
  morality is a different conversation . 
  ok , now your just trying word games , yes efficiency itself is amoral , but efficiency just is n't something just bestowed by the market goods from on high , efficiency is brought about by carrying out certain actions which can have moral consequences . 
   no ... modern currencies do n't exactly work that way . 
  oh really ? 
  so governments now have access to unlimited or at least sufficiently large amounts of cash to make attempts at efficiency pointless ? 
   while this is normally true , not in the case of liquidity traps . 
  governments have several levers that can be pulled to influence consumption and production wait , a liquidity trap is when government injections of cash * fail * to decease interest rates . 
   ... notice the change in language here ? 
  you start with the word `` efficient '' and then say `` performs well '' . 
  you know what i mean , the efficiency of public services is judged by how well they serve society . 
   in the private sector , companies only exist to make profits . 
  very true , and they often do so at the expense of moral behavior , and we cant stop them , unlike with governments in which we can vote for a different party ( provided we live in a fairly democratic state of course ) , and if we do n't see a party we believe behaves well enough , people can make their own one . 
   as i 've said elsewhere in this thread , profits are the net result of efficient operations . 
  no matter how often this is downvoted , this simple fact remains a fact . 
  no its not a fact , efficiency only leads to profit if they have to be efficient i.e. 
  competition , but we do n't live in a perfect competitive market do we ? 
  that and they only need to be so efficient , you are aware of the concept of diminishing returns right ? 
  also you do n't mention the fact that efficiency can be derived from immoral methods . 
   governments do n't exist to make profits -- getting cash is n't important to governments government can only do so much with finite budgets , so of course they strive to be efficient , to do the most with their tax funds . 
   since they can make their own . 
  you do realize governments cant just print more money because that leads to inflation right , be your reasoning governments could just print more money and * poof * no more debt . 
   governments have other goals : geopolitical power , international influence , military clout , soft power ... there are tons of things that governments value much much more than the cash they themselves can produce . 
  only if the people let them , as i said earlier , people do n't like what their government is doing ? 
  no more votes for them . 
  government has incentives to be efficient as well , if a government preforms well they get more votes , if they preform poorly people do n't vote for them . 
  the problem with this however is a lack of competition e.g. 
  two party states that often develop and apathy in regards to politics from many voters . 
  [ i beg to differ . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/comments/1nvldm/wanting_to_give_someone_a_hug_on_the_internet_is/ ), 
  yeah , its quite often you hear about criminals stealing fuel in rural ireland , farmers especially benefit from illegal fuel due to all the machinery they have to run . 
  the majority of the money payed for fuel is tax here . 
   tumblr has a tiny pocket of radfems yeah crazy feminists , on tumblr  lots of other people who really do n't belong there . 
  [ i would disagree . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/tumblrinaction/comments/1ntd5l/sjw_tries_to_defend_a_pedophile_by_saying_that_it/ ), 
  they may push things on that sub true , but this is a very active sub and your only taking less than a days worth of posts , while people may over exaggerate their numbers , crazy tumblr feminists are a real thing , you should look up big red for the worst type . 
  and thankfully tia has a very sparse population of mra 's ( despite men 's rights being a legitimate movement , that yes like feminism has its own idiots ) most people on this sub would call themselves feminists actually , myself included . 
  maybe , maybe not , just cause something is in a black market does n't make it hard to get especially if its something with as large a demand as cigarettes , i can just phone up a friend and buy some drugs if i wanted .
