  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  black market demand for those items is pretty high as a result . 
  no what i said was that bitcoin is a both a currency ** and ** commodity , and is subject to scarcity , dollars and euros are not , we can print as much paper money as we will ever need . 
  bubbles are a thing . 
  the fact that bitcoins must be mined makes them a combination of currency and commodity , a commodity with no actual value behind it , limitless growth can not go on forever , if bitcoins instability was solved then i could see it becoming successful . 
  and that does n't crash every few months . 
  hormones are only suspected of causing early puberty by non-scientists . 
  growth hormones require receptors in order to be taken into cells , otherwise they are broken down by the digestive system like any other peptide . 
  rbgh cows are treated with bovine growth hormone not human growth hormone . 
  humans lack receptors for it . 
  hormones in food do n't do anything , cow growth hormones do n't affect humans . 
   champagne socialists nah , they are social democrats . 
  eh being a filthy commie on reddit means i receive a fair few down votes , i do n't mind but i 'm going to sleep now i 'm sure you know what time it is . 
  ill hopefully remember to reply tomorrow . 
  however if your ever interested in learning the basics of marxism i would recommend you read [ an introduction to marxist economic theory ] ( https://www.marxists.org/archive/mandel/1967/intromet/index.htm ) , its a bit old but a great start and its free . 
  the ukraine free territory and anarchist spain were stateless societies , also do n't forget that a form of government does not require a state , they are not one in the same . 
  also the reason why states that attempt to turn socialist often have strong government would be due to that fact that they must protect themselves from modern imperialism . 
  also the terminology is very clear , a socialist society is one in which the means of production are socially owned , that 's it , you are not a socialist . 
  huh , i 'm genuinely confused , how can you call yourself a socialist but want private ownership of the means of production , i think what you mean is that you are a social democrat , which is part of the left spectrum of politics and is often lumped in with socialism but in reality is still capitalist only with a large welfare system . 
   i believe they have disproven the notions of complete state control of the economy agree with you there . 
  centrally planned economies are poor for most situations . 
   they have also disproven the idea of full blown communism being compatible with the basic human rights of free speech , freedom of movement and freedom of persecution . 
  i massively disagree with you there though , as communism is a stateless society there is no government to persecute anybody , also i see no evidence for this . 
  but that is true , they are what is commonly called , degenerate worker states amongst other things , i do n't support them , i consider my self a democratic socialist . 
  you still have n't explained how the failings of the soviet union disprove the entirety of socialist theory . 
  how have i proved your point ? 
  how do these prove communism is impossible ? 
  you have n't explained anything yet . 
   ideologies ignore fundamental facts about human nature and the complexity of the world we live oh really , care to explain how ? 
  also define `` human nature '' , as far as i am aware no scientist or philosopher has yet to figure out what that is , other than that culture is the largest factor . 
  so how does this disprove communism and socialism , no has explained this yet . 
  you do understand that marxism is not the only type of communism right ? 
  also just because a revolution is violent that makes it bad ? 
  what about the american revolution or other revolutions throughout history against despots and dictators , not every country has the option of democratic reform , do you think the people of libya could have voted gaddafi out ( regardless of your opinion of that war ) . 
  as for nationalization are all forms of that wrong ? 
  and as for persecution of the rich that 's completely untrue , we only wish to remove their capacity to exploit . 
  also marx said something along the lines of the means do not justify the ends somewhere in his writings as well . 
  my comment was meant to highlight the stupidity of your statement that following an ideology makes you responsible for the actions of others who also follow it , by your logic martin luther king would be guilty of the actions carried out by medieval crusaders as they are both christians after all . 
  also , so being born in a capitalist society automatically makes you one ? 
  flawless logic / s, 
   true communist state that 's an oxymoron  the usual reply to this is `` those are not communist states '' which is complete bullshit no such a reply would be correct . 
  please pray tell how exactly they prove what you say . 
  also do n't forget about all the other socialist and communist schools , like market and democratic socialism , there is more to communism than marxism-leninism . 
  also the paris commune and anarchist catalonia were stateless socialist societies that worked but are n't around due to being crushed by capitalists . 
  are capitalists ashamed for the atrocities they commit ? 
  or are you going to spew more cold war propaganda . 
  you have no idea how many fucking times i hear people repeat that stupid phrase `` never works out in real life '' , care to explain why you think so ? 
  any time i hear any one say something like this they are just parroting and in reality have zero understanding of the various forms of socialism and communism . 
  so how did your religion classes help you ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  well i 'm not swedish so i do n't know what your education is like but my re classes did n't teach me anything about the conflicts between religion . 
  really what is their to teach aside from zealots hate anyone not like them . 
  ah i assumed we were n't talking about under 18 's although i 'm unaware of these college age restrictions , it seems a bit undemocratic . 
  unable to vote or do n't realize its importance ? 
  k , your statement just sounded like something stupid a curious teenager would say . 
  i do n't know what that is meant to mean . 
  its not a stimulant , it just makes you feel happy giggly an shit , most people who use it combine it with other drugs which it is great for plus its legal . 
  also inhale would be the preferred word , sniffing makes it sound life your huffing a bag of glue round the back of tesco . 
  actually its not really dangerous , you could never inhale enough from cans , the only way to do that would be to connect yourself to a tank and mask for too long and even there you just have to use some common sense , nitrous oxide is a very safe drug . 
  well if costas lapavitsas is a socialist and a marxist that evens things out a bit , i was n't able to find out what his ideology was , however there are still numerous different economic ideology out there and i suppose i 'm more used to the existence of more radical less mainstream ones , so if i see the phrase `` across the ideological spectrum '' i 'm going to think of the entire political spectrum rather than a small selection primarily consisting of capitalist 's . 
  i hardly see how these people are from across the ideological spectrum . 
  well most religions preach forgiveness and all that i guess . 
  well to me he does n't seem to be saying much other than giving a nice speech for the first half and what he says around the second half of the speech is n't something i can understand . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm not a fan of long winded speeches , can someone sum this up for me ? 
  the three main parties anyway . 
  do n't forget to mention putin said that . 
   as for depression and anorexia , i do n't see how news reporter in revealing clothes could cause that . 
  how about you read what i linked then ? 
  so attempting to change what i think are harmful/incorrect beliefs through discourse and argument is tantamount to mind control ? 
  what are you doing arguing with me then ? 
  and as for the harms they cause , again for the last time do some reading , in the very wiki article i linked it lists some ( e.g. 
  depression and anorexia ) , why bother talking to me when numerous people have already and better argued these points ? 
   you admit that you are despotic , againts freedom and want to control peoples minds . 
  when people propagate sexism its freedom , when i criticize its tyranny and mind control , how about you drop your preconceptions , because i have no idea how you came to that conclusion how can you not understand that gender roles cause harm enforced or no ? 
  if people hold sexist opinions do you think they are n't going to act on them if not challenged ? 
  making a better world is everyone 's business and if you were a woman who lives in the middle east or even your own home a few decades ago , i bet you would give a damn about gender roles . 
  either do some reading or just admit you are willingly ignorant . 
  you 're not actually reading anything about this are you ? 
  multiple instances of inequality between sexes --  people perceive this --  causes formation of ideas of gender roles --  gender roles restrict individuals and cause harmful sexism . 
  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/feminism-objectification/ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sexual_objectification https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/egalitarianism, 
  victoria secret not making male clothes does not objectify any of the sexes , it does not encourage sexists attitudes or engage in unjust discrimination , you clearly do not have the faintest understanding of my position if you believe a store selling clothes for one gender or choice of partner based upon sexual preference is comparable to objectifying a single sex . 
  what you describe is technically sexism i.e. 
  discrimination based upon sex , but there is a difference between just and unjust discrimination and in everyday language people use sexism to refer to unjust discrimination specifically . 
  so equality between the sexes is entitlement now ? 
  this is n't about us demanding something from them , it is about them encouraging sexism and simply because they are using their own resources to do so does not serve as an excuse , what you are existentially saying is that just because it * may * be harder to do the right thing rather than not means they have an excuse for doing something ethically wrong ? 
  this is not something major either , how hard would it be to just dress one sex as equally sexual as the other ? 
  it would be rather easy i imagine as all they have to do is wear * less * clothes . 
  if that is what you think this is about we clearly are n't even on the same page . 
  pyrenomycetes and i are saying the show objectifies woman in a sexist manner as it does not give males the same treatment , perhaps you do not care for egality in this regard but for those that do this is wrong . 
  so just because its not illegal you believe its ethical ? 
  you are , but the what i 'm saying is that your making a meaningless statement , we are all aware they have the freedom to do as they please , its not relevant to the conversion , so why bring it up ? 
  their freedom does n't mean it an ok thing to do , so to me your statement basically amounts to dismissal , `` shut up and stop complaining '' . 
  i mean defending a position by citing freedom is sort of the ultimate concession ; you 're saying that the most compelling thing you can say for your position is that it 's not literally illegal . 
  and he is free to criticize and say what he thinks would be an improvement . 
  i dont see why you raise this point for any other reason to silence him/her . 
  if you dont know , what makes you think its so great ? 
  it having not been done before does n't mean it could work either . 
  just think about this , once you put the technocrats in charge your making the process of selection political and opening it up to all that comes with that , how would you safeguard against corruption ? 
  i would have assumed as an estonian you could see these flaws as the idea of rule by technocrats is n't far off the supposed aims and ideals of the soviet government . 
  and who decides who are the technocrats ?
