which is 100 % more doritos that i currently have . 
  anything below 5 karma per dorito and i 'll be pleased . 
  i 'd gladly swap my 20000 karma for the equivelent in doritos . 
  ulster dialect , never heard of fuisce until today . 
  the joys of living on an island !, 
  mcdonagh is a bit of a cunt though , he ca n't make use of funding from a film board and then criticise films that do n't have as much resources as his . 
  love the van , will always be one of my favourites . 
  colm meaney is great in it . 
  i prefer either the guard , the van or man about dog . 
  man about dog is probably the least well known , it 's a good wee story about 3 lads from belfast , mochara , scud and cerebral paulsy and their betting endeavors . 
  i found munich very boring , some of the smaller towns near by were an improvement but germany has been my least favourite holiday in recent years . 
  knock down the empty ones to build more empty ones !, 
  apart from italy and the uk , i 'd vote for estonia over any country that is apparently above it . 
  beautiful place , germany and france are disgustingly over rated . 
  on the subject of last ditch attempts to sway the ! no vote . 
  the rubberbandits had an interesting ( tongue in cheek ) take on the new royal baby announcement `` they 're hardly snakey enough to plan & announce a royal baby a week before the scottish referendum are they ? 
  are they that snakey ? '', 
  snakey being sneaky in certain irish accent . 
  where 's your irish ? 
  edit : sorry , did n't realise you were portuguese !, 
  there 's also / r/irishhistory and / r/irishpolitics . 
  i 'm going through zara 's website and they do n't seem much more expensive than topman or river island . 
  yup , britain is gross . 
  fuck it , i 'm going to start calling you bastards maceadonia !, 
  how 'd you like that ? 
  there was no line drawn in the map of ireland , it was a single entity . 
  whereas the british isles are separated by a very real boundary . 
  it 's gone to the dogs , it 's become `` hate everything that 's old , all modern artists are infallible '' kinda gone full circle . 
  themmuns in the harems love getting the ride too in fairness !, 
  there 's a weird kinda brotherly relationship between yous and us . 
  the feelings are n't really reciprocal but we 'd help each other out in a tight spot . 
  i 'm guessing that 's what that was about . 
  it probably seemed like that when all the former soviet states began to form i the early 90 's . 
  no two deaths are the same . 
  regardless i took this at face value and usually when one side carries out cruel and unnecessary executions the side that carried them out loses support . 
  it happened after the 1916 rising in ireland when the british shot the volunteers , including one who could n't stand because of an infected wound from the initial fighting . 
  do these folks wan na lose public support ? 
  cause that 's how you lose public support . 
  you realise that before the civil war syria was a remarkably well developed nation ? 
  that has nothing to do with culture you fucking tit . 
  damascus was the oldest city in the world which obviously had a rich history and culture . 
  you do realise that before the war syria was one of the most developed nations on the middle east ? 
  also i 've friends who volunteered in townships in johannesburg and according to themy everyone had a smart phone . 
  that was a bigoted remark and he 's giving off about what is the solution to the people with dark ages mindset issue . 
  if these people are in a western country and assimilate properly then they will no lose their dark ages mindset . 
  as far as actual politics and politicians go , i 'd much rather have sf than the `` sensible '' fine gael . 
  and no one in ni is going to vote for mainland parties because then we 're just pawns making up the numbers for the english government who do n't give two ducks about us . 
  this largely a grammar school thing . 
  ive never actually heard of an integrated grammar school here . 
  so for your children to get the best education they need to buy into this system . 
  lying prick , it 's still fucking raining, 
  you hear that you magyar pricks , we 're comin ' to get ya, 
  has there been any word on what has happened to eston kohver ? 
  it has n't really been reported here . 
  living the dream as it 'd be called . 
  is salonika university haunted but the ghosts from the burial ground beneath a la poltergeist ? 
  i love the name saoirse and i love how it means freedom , but i cringe when i hear people called liberty or something similar and it makes me feel like a hypocrite :(, 
  he 's the wanker who fucked up the a-levels and claimed that there was n't a good enough understanding of basic scientific principles today whilst misattributing the laws of thermodynamics when using them as an example . 
  hitler gave them a bad rep. 
  europe also does n't have many spare islands to build detention camps . 
  italian chippies are a big thing in the republic , their chips are fucking lethal and their fish tends to be good too . 
  are the itais any good a chippers within their own borders ? 
  i 've never tried chips when i 'm in italy . 
  might do , if that 's your definition of a prick, 
  that 's on the mediterranean though . 
  you 're always going to have a large amount of tourists as well as the worked etc who use the ferry . 
  i 'd wager that there would be a lot less tourists that arent from either estonia or finland on the ferry in the post . 
  in my experience it 's usually workers who use them since they 're a cheap form of transport . 
  the amenities on the more tourist trafficked ferry is going to be better . 
  i do n't see any dark comedy ... ? 
  but i get what he 's trying to do . 
  but whining about toilets on a ferry ? 
  that 's like complaining about the rottin ' toilets on coaches . 
  you use them if you have to , you 're not going to them for leisurely shite and the top stories from the back of the periodical of your choice . 
  makes you a prick if you go to social media to whine about it and all the other travellers though . 
  i 've yet to be on a ferry with serviceable toilets . 
  shite toilets are usually par for course and odds are those details were an exaggeration . 
  the folk on the ferry are probably happy . 
  he 's making his journey worse by being a miserable prick . 
  maybe it 's the one turisas took when they decided to cover rasputin ? 
  i 've never seen this until about a year ago . 
  i 've never seen them do it to parents . 
  which is part of the reason i 'm so aggrieved by it . 
  but maybe it 's only in my local one that does n't . 
  it 's still a stupid poliucy regardless . 
  asda have started a policy where everyone who is in the alcohol aisle with you when you buy drink must produce id even if they 're not buying anything at all . 
  it 's a joke and achieves nothing , and is only enforced on people who are around the same age buying alcohol . 
  the irish word for gravity is `` domh\u00e1n tarraint '' which literally means `` earth pull '', 
  only place i 've seen `` warld '' is what donald farfrae says in the mayor of casterbridge . 
  i compensated for lack of a fada with the additional consonant at the end . 
  i love the berlin bear . 
  the dynamo berlin badge is also very nice imo . 
  aussie rules was the first codified `` football '' variant . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware of the similarities between gaelic and aussie rules . 
  the origins of aussie rules is disputed , i personally think it takes a large influence from gaelic . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/e/e6/australian_census_2011_demographic_map_-_australia_by_sla_-_bcp_field_1120_irish_total_responses.svg/300px-australian_census_2011_demographic_map_-_australia_by_sla_-_bcp_field_1120_irish_total_responses.svg.png ) a map of irish distribution in oz . 
  the areas where the density is at it 's highest is where afl is most popular , nsw and queensland . 
  obviously , it 's not solely from gaelic . 
  i 'd argue that gaelic football in a form similar to what it is now ( obviously much less refined ) predates rugby . 
  what aspects do you mean when you say its was influenced by victorian rugby ?
