does it say foreign visitors ? 
  could be domestic tourism too ? 
  we 've got a slow food campaign too - https://www.slowfood.org.uk/about/forgotten-foods-campaign/, 
  more per capita in a few countries - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_nobel_laureates_per_capita not france though . 
  i smoke meat . 
  i should just hand myself in to the authorities right now . 
  the fifteenth century - the aftermath of the plague . 
  cut and paste from wikipedia - `` the great population loss brought favourable results to the surviving peasants in england and western europe . 
  there was increased social mobility , as depopulation further eroded the peasants ' already weakened obligations to remain on their traditional holdings . 
  feudalism never recovered . 
  land was plentiful , wages high , and serfdom had all but disappeared . '', 
  that , combined with the wonderful emptiness of the countryside ( not because of the plague - population levels of less than 6 million where now we have 64 million ) - paradise . 
  ( mumble , mumble , could probably not cope without central heating , soft bed , internet etc ), 
  uk , ireland , portugal , spain , andorra , france , italy , vatican city , monaco , belgium , luxembourg , netherlands , denmark , sweden , norway , finland , iceland , switzerland , germany , austria , czech republic , hungary , slovakia , greece , bulgaria , romania , turkey , slovenia , montenegro , croatia , ukraine . 
  so 31 , though some of those may not count ... 
  i really do need to get to the baltic states . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_british_cheeses a nice stinking bishop for me . 
  or a waterloo . 
  i 'm an ios developer stuck with 3 hours of commuting per day to central london . 
  a job with a cool company just a cycle ride from home would be a massive improvement . 
  or someone who 'd let me work remotely - ca n't believe this does n't happen more in my industry in 2015 . 
  wishes it . 
  it 's an antiquated verb - https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_reyne_le_veult, 
  just a comment from someone who does n't understand constitutional monarchy . 
  london tube status yesterday . 
  i know you mean us , there , but it 's not as simple as that , is it ? 
  personally i 've always hated being born english , because i enjoy languages , but there is no clear obvious one for me to learn * . 
  and that 's the problem here , too . 
  which language would you * really * choose ? 
  * so i learnt french , german and latin at school , and then a little malay and japanese when i lived abroad . 
  but i do n't know any of those to the level that i would if i were continually forced to interact with an online world that speaks english . 
  we 're not all monolingual . 
  shame as the beef would be considerably younger . 
  of the beef ? 
  use this recipe . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_future_of_money sadly out of print , but where i first understood why the bible categorised usury as a sin - the point being , very roughly , that interest rates on borrowings lead to a flow of money from the poor to the rich . 
  scotland , wales and seven english regions of around seven million each - wessex ( from london south and west ) , mercia ( midlands to manchester ) , northumbria ( far north ) , east anglia ( and areas ne of london ) , kent & sussex , and london . 
  you 're right in some cases , or maybe even most cases - but not all . 
  i 'm not comfortable assuming that everyone who is overweight can easily cut back a little on what they eat and lose weight . 
  i have been both quite thin and a few kilos overweight , and i know that the former is much to be preferred . 
  so you would expect that with this motivation i 'd find it easy to diet - but i do n't , for several reasons that i do n't want to discuss with a potentially hostile audience . 
  and all those overweight britons , i 'm sure that they would rather be thin too , and would achieve their goal if it were as easy as people here are saying . 
  how about an analogy ? 
  some people have a great fear of heights and find it impossible to do a bungee jump , others do n't have this problem and enjoy the adrenaline rush . 
  perhaps we 're not all the same ( physically , mentally , socially ) in the ease with which we can diet or exercise . 
  why do people think that there is an obesity problem in the uk , if solving it is so easy ? 
  this thinking that fat people are some sort of underclass ; that faced with an obvious solution they avoid it merely because they are low in will power and lazy - this seems to me to be the last acceptable form of discrimination . 
  but i 'm aware this view is unacceptable here , so i prepare for more down voting . 
  i 'm not a big fan of addict-abuse , but just saying no to crack cocaine is all it takes . 
  most food is zero-rated in the uk . 
  english : i 'm english and have been learning the language for 54 years . 
  pretty handy with apostrophes and never spell `` they 're '' `` there '' . 
  my primary school teachers actually taught us about nouns , verbs and stuff back in the late 19th century . 
  french . 
  not bad . 
  have o'level ( = pro gcse ) . 
  currently taking online & weekly lessons . 
  can read most things , understand things if people speak in slow capitals , but have trouble dragging the correct words & grammar from the depths of my brain when panicked by approaches from real french people . 
  german : also o'level , but have n't kept it up . 
  can start strong in interactions with hoteliers or restaurant staff but often fail the supplementary questions . 
  can recite one getman poem off by heart , which is n't a great help when ordering curry w\u00fcrst . 
  latin : also o ' level . 
  not found many romans to practice with . 
  know the first line of a poem by catullus , and also the phrase `` that sword will cut off your head '' . 
  can sing first verse of school song , tunelessly . 
  malay : as an expat in the 90s learnt enough to get by in daily life , now all forgotten , except the phrase `` very expensive ! '', 
  japanese : had weekly lessons as an expat . 
  now am left with a great sushi vocabulary and the phrases to direct a taxi to our apartment . 
  `` go right at the lights . 
  it 's that grey building ... '' russian : at this stage in my expat life i was suffering language fatigue . 
  did not bother with lessons , but learnt the phrase `` red square is over there '' from a soviet era book i picked up in a market . 
  want to learn : just the french for now , thanks . 
  a perfect analogy . 
  personally i 'd rather watch a french film , subtle and complex , or funny in a way that appeals much more to my british sense of humour , than another hollywood clone , all lights and action but shallow and predictable plot . 
  our food is n't that bad , actually . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2010/mar/22/british-cook-better-than-french http://www.cntraveler.com/stories/2014-01-09/best-food-restaurants-chefs-in-london-england, 
  my partner and i were in a caf\u00e9 in copenhagen . 
  he said to the waiter , `` can i have a beer , please ? '', 
  the waiter replied , '' * may * you have a beer ? 
  of course . '', 
  a black friend of mine who 'd lived in japan for a number of years was sitting on the london underground when two japanese girls in the seat opposite discussed his looks in very unflattering terms . 
  as the train drew into his stop , he stood up and said to them , in perfect japanese , `` thank you for the feedback , ladies . 
  i hope you have a lovely day in london . '', 
  or the kingdom of kent , the cantaware rice . 
  us cants have n't had a dose of independence since 871 . 
  surely our time has come . 
  cry god for aethelred , ashford and st argos !, 
  splitters !, 
  you want to join the cork popular people 's front . 
  what 's with the bermuda splodge just west of berlin ? 
  my accent 's not as good ... 
  it 's ok if they stick to the script . 
  if they go off piste i 'm up the orinoco without a map . 
  or a paddle . 
  example , actually in japan , was that my japanese was usually good enough to book a table on the phone - how many people , what time , etc. 
  but this one time , there was another question that completely threw me - i had no clue . 
  we just had to pass on it . 
  when i got to the restaurant , it was a complicated affair with tables on the ground floor , and others in kind of balconies that ran all around the restaurant . 
  i 'm guessing that my preference for height of dining was what was in question earlier . 
  ( very relieved ) oh thank you sir , thank you sir , hail caesar and everything , sir !,
