  anything that makes the eu look bad is good for russia . 
  the eu is trying to fix the immigration problem while literally everybody else , instead of helping , is doing nothing but criticize them . 
   germans did n't abandon germany after ww2 even though it was a pile of rubble and ash this is a bad example . 
  germans were pariahs after ww2 . 
  [ the exact opposite happened . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_\\ ( 1944 % e2 % 80 % 9350 \\ ) )  during the later stages of world war ii and the post-war period , german citizens and people of german ancestry were expelled from various eastern european countries and sent to the remaining territory of germany and austria . 
  are you feeling upset about what happened then ? 
  are you holding a grudge , or something ? 
   they can improve their own countries instead of worsening ours . 
  how exactly are they `` worsening '' yours ? 
  germany has had a budget surplus for the last 3 years . 
  how has the average german life style worsened since the waves of immigrants have started ? 
  be specific . 
  so far you 've spouted only tabloid grade propaganda . 
   to be fair if you spend your data cap your speed does get throttled a lot . 
  for all sites , which is fair . 
  either that or you get charged for the extra data that you use , which is also fair . 
  it 's preferential throttling that 's the issues right now in the us . 
  but , yes , zero rating is also bad . 
  but the `` all or nothing '' mentality often leads you with nothing . 
  changes do n't happen over night . 
  they are incremental and take time . 
   eu having a shockingly poor favorability rating in large parts of your union and it is not really noticeable higher than in the uk they 're on the rise thanks to the mistakes of the uk and us . 
  it means they 're still rising . 
  the main difference with everybody else in the eu is that we do n't pack up and leave whenever we think problems are happening . 
  look at [ greece ] ( https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/government-budget ) . 
  they just recorded a budget surplus in 2016 and got off the eu budget watch list . 
  [ after 8 years of austerity , greece gets eu budget approval ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/years-austerity-greece-eu-budget-approval-48585610 )  greece has been under the spotlight since 2009 when its debt crisis exploded in the wake of a statistics scandal that showed the public finances were in far worse shape than thought . 
  greece 's budget deficit was suddenly revised upward to double-digit levels and way above an eu limit of 3 percent . 
   the turnaround in the government budget has been remarkable . 
  in 2016 , greece posted a surplus of 0.7 percent compared with the peak deficit of 15.1 percent in 2009 . 
  things are either good or getting better all over the union . 
  i agree . 
  these things change in increments . 
  it 's not all or nothing . 
  that 's a bad way of thinking because you 'll end up with nothing . 
  good news for greece . 
  :d i found more info in the below article . 
  [ after 8 years of austerity , greece gets eu budget approval ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/years-austerity-greece-eu-budget-approval-48585610 )  greece has been under the spotlight since 2009 when its debt crisis exploded in the wake of a statistics scandal that showed the public finances were in far worse shape than thought . 
  greece 's budget deficit was suddenly revised upward to double-digit levels and way above an eu limit of 3 percent . 
   the turnaround in the government budget has been remarkable . 
  in 2016 , greece posted a surplus of 0.7 percent compared with the peak deficit of 15.1 percent in 2009 . 
  greece is slowly becoming the image of successful financial rehabilitation by acknowledging and confronting its own problems instead of blaming them on others . 
  gg , greece !, 
  :d now if only they could start using contact-less poss for tourism , that would be great . 
  there 's a lot of money not going to the budget because of tax evasion . 
   i think i 'll make an eu flag one next winter , rake me some nice holiday karma you would have made the headlines if you made it during the protests against corruption . 
  make one and bring it to the people that are still protesting in front of the government . 
  we also have zero-rating in romania . 
  some mobile operators give you unlimited data for popular chat applications and some random music streaming service . 
  people do n't really care for these offers . 
  it 's all about internet speed and monthly data usage limits . 
  ** even though zero-rating is allowed , there is no throttling . 
  ** this is the biggest concern in the us right now . 
  the eu makes it clear that throttling is illegal . 
  to be clear , zero rating is also bad , but if you go down the `` all or nothing '' path , you 'll probably end up with nothing . 
  change does n't happen over night . 
  it 's incremental and it takes time . 
   the eu is going in the right direction . 
  we just need to make sure that the course does n't change . 
   the majority of british people who voted to leave are n't stupid but i 've hardly met a european who does n't seem to think so let alone one who has stopped to consider the real reasons for this mess and it 's the same with trump . 
  again , everyone here implies that there were other reasons besides fear , hatred and tabloid anti eu propaganda . 
  what are these reasons ? 
  someone mentioned the eu 's failure to do more for the uk while others complain that the eu is doing too much and is threatening uk 's autonomy . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  yet , surprisingly , both of these groups of people voted to leave . 
  if that 's not stupidity , i do n't know what it is . 
  it all sounds like the uk is venting its frustrations for its own problems on others . 
  it 's good that brexit happened . 
  it really is . 
  the world needed a practical lesson in stupidity . 
  the uk right now is like an angsty teenager that is threatening to run away from home while expecting their parents to step in and give them cookies . 
  emotional blackmail . 
  and instead of getting cookies , they get an open door . 
   http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/19/eu-deal-what-david-cameron-asked-for-and-what-he-actually-got/ so , the uk asked for special treatment ? 
  why ? 
  even so , if you actually read the final result of the deal , you 'll see that most of the points were agreed upon by the eu while others were not even brought up for discussion by cameron . 
  4 of the requests are marked as `` a win for cameron '' while 3 of them are marked as compromises . 
  1 was not brought up by cameron while 3 were unchanged . 
  so , the uk asked for preferential treatment and they got it on some of the discussed topics . 
  sorry for saying this , but when you say that  cameron went to try to do a deal to placate the electorate and came away with nothing you 're actually full of shit . 
   i was talking about tariffs for goods imported from outside of the eu . 
  the eu has free trade agreements with a lot of countries . 
  ceta is about to go into effect and the trade deal with japan is almost done . 
  how is the eu putting extra tariffs on uk imports ? 
  after leaving the eu , the uk will have to to back to square one and negotiate its own trade deals . 
  there will be more tariffs , not less . 
   several g20 nations have already said they want to do a trade deal with us . 
  like i said . 
  you 'll be back to square one . 
  these deals take years to complete . 
  none of them will be ready before brexit happens in less than 2 years from now . 
   i made a point in defense of a valid comment tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  great logic , bro . 
   uh , you can prevent them coming in . 
  many countries manage to do so just fine . 
  who ? 
  australia and japan ? 
  the us . 
  is it because they 're in the middle of the ocean ?
