  let 's make it a race to see who can be the least corrupt . 
  this is a race in which all countries should participate . 
  the most absurd and infuriating thing is that even those convicted with suspension are getting away scot-free , and the justification was that the prisons are too crowded . 
  they did n't even see the inside of a cell . 
  when confronted by the press , they deflect the questions or blatantly lie and deny this being the case . 
  the government has to fall . 
   ukraine is in no position to talk about economy when they 've been invaded by russia . 
  people of argue that imposing sanctions on russians citizens is cruel and only makes their lives miserable while putin and his elite suffer little to no penalty but actually use this as a way to paint the west as an `` enemy of the people '' . 
  people also often forget that most russians actually support putin and his decisions . 
  they are proud that russia annexed crimea and invaded georgia . 
  ** once you put things into perspective , you realize that russia ! = putin , but russians = russia . 
   sixteen countries forbid admission to israeli passport holders do all muslims come from israel ? 
   in addition , iran , kuwait , lebanon , libya , saudi arabia , sudan , syria and yemen do not allow entry to people with evidence of travel to israel do you automatically become a muslim when going to israel ? 
   less immigration . 
  because that would mean less attacks on both sides how about you educate your people so that they know that these attacks only make things worse ? 
  the attackers are the problem , not the victims . 
  plot twist . 
  the zen master is blind and has a multiple personalities disorder . 
  the uk is the little boy that gave up its horse and got to push the wagon , broke its leg , then got recruited in the militia that protects the town . 
  the zen master remains optimist and keeps saying that `` we 'll see '' . 
  the little boy and the zen master are the same person . 
   are people in germany really suprised that arab muslims hold these these attitudes ? 
  you mean the conflicting attitudes expressed by some individuals in an article ? 
   but ownership is not involved , so it 's also not slavery to have your kid doing work , whether it 's where you live or elsewhere . 
  lol . 
  you 're debating the semantics of `` ownership '' in a modern slavery discussion . 
  dude , human ownership has been abolished in western countries for over 150 years . 
  there 's no discussing ownership here . 
  slavery can happen without ownership . 
  people are being forced to work in shitty conditions because , if they leave , they lose their ids or are deported . 
  ** they are free to leave at any time , but they do n't because of blackmail . 
  ** that 's how modern slavery works . 
  there 's no `` ownership '' involved . 
   us slave owners were white , therefore all the slave owners in the uk must be white . 
  you ca n't draw that conclusion . 
  i did n't . 
  i said that you can argue that this is the case because that 's what usually happens . 
  you 're still drawing your own conclusions . 
   the majority of undocumented workers in the uk , which ` slaves ' are a part of , are run by non-native gang masters . 
  where 's your proof ? 
  `` you ca n't draw that conclusion . '', 
  your argument is as good as mine because there 's no official data regarding modern slavery offenders in the uk . 
   everyone has a different idea , but i think the line is actually a diagonal about halfway up . 
  everyone has a different idea , but let 's pick this one because i say so . 
  / s great logic , bro . 
   well that logic is not very robust . 
  why ? 
  because you say so ? 
   now let me be upset if constantly there is this problem , and that the people i have mentioned exist . 
  sure , it 's your right . 
  but you can fix this problem by having a proper police force and by advocating prevention methods like regulating bar locations and having extra police forces for soccer matches . 
  letting bars pop up all over the place is n't ok . that 's a shitty commercial zoning policy and the local mayor is responsible . 
  letting hooligans get drunk and start fights at soccer matches can also be prevented . 
  it 's not rocket science to not allow alcohol at a stadium . 
  tourists will go to tourists attractions . 
  manage the tourists attractions and you manage the tourist flow . 
  banning tourists is a lazy solution that does n't fix the root problems . 
  says who ? 
  what if others disagree ? 
  who has the authority to decide and why ? 
  `` i 'm right because i say so '' is not an argument , bro . 
   can we just do everything we can from the e.u.-side to get greece firmly back on the rails already . 
  the eu ca n't dictate local laws to the greek people . 
  that 's the job of the greek government . 
  local divides always exist . 
  there 's no reason to make them official because it would only encourage people in branding others as outsiders in their own country . 
   they are drunk ? 
  yes , civil ? 
  no ... because all of them are drunk and because just tourists get drunk . 
  / s so , let 's ban all tourists because some of them are drunk and because only tourists are drunk and because we have no police to handle them . 
  / s seriously , this is the lamest form of xenophobia i 've ever seen . 
   it 's not the tourists that ruined the town but the greed of locals . 
  boom !, 
  there you have it . 
  that was my point all along . 
  people are blaming others for their own problems . 
   there 's a strong north/south divide in the uk . 
  and where exactly is the `` border '' ? 
  also , if norway has this , does that mean the `` southerners '' are part of `` southern northern europe '' ? 
   i 've been to new york , beijing and tokyo , and at least the crowd moves there . 
  all cities have crowded areas . 
  with or without tourists . 
  you chose a picture of one particular area which is a high tourist attraction . 
  i highly doubt that all streets of prague look like that . 
  also , it 's mostly due to the street vendors . 
  if you want less crowds , regulate the street vendors . 
  crowds stop to buy stuff or to visit attractions . 
  remove the vendors from the bridge and you have less crowds . 
  social democracy ftw !, 
  so , how do you decide which cities in the uk are from northern europe ? 
  is that an arbitrary line ? 
  who decides where exactly it is placed ? 
  how do you decide that ? 
  this is why countries , as a whole , are part of one particular region of a continent . 
  in order to avoid confusions regarding the affiliation of cities and regions from that country . 
   on the other hand , a lot of countries get pissed when a fellow eu country is offering themselves up as a tax evasion haven to the detriment of other countries . 
  the eu ca n't regulate how taxes are paid in each country . 
  there are general rules that apply to everyone , but the specifics are subject to local laws . 
  that 's why google 's financial services operate in ireland and not in romania . 
  otherwise , you 'd be screaming `` muh autonomy '' .
