   the majority of european would put a stop to it if given a choice . 
  was there a european continental vote that i missed ? 
  where 's your proof ? 
   you realize current economic trends follow decisions made 2 + decades ago are you seriously trying to say that time is the problem ? 
  migrants from 20 years ago were ok , but those from today are n't even though they come from the same places ? 
  stuttgart has 40 % of its people with migrant descent . 
  most of them are turkish muslims . 
  they integrated into german society without being pointed out as terrorists or rapists . 
  but this happened 2 decades ago when trump was n't us president and when the far right and russian was n't waging a fake news propaganda war on the west . 
  so , yeah ... blame it all on the immigrants . 
   difference is that migrants have no right to be in the country , whereas citizens do . 
  you 're moving the goal post , bro . 
  refugees have a right to asylum . 
  this is a basic human right . 
  germany and other eu countries have this in their constitution . 
   eh , not quite true at a macro level : different ethnicities do have different levels of murder . 
  people of the same ethnicity have wildly different murder rates depending on where they live . 
  there are a lot of muslims living in the us . 
  they crime rates are way lower than the crime rates in iraq or other middle eastern countries . 
   but this is not the only thing that they do . 
  they go there and wait for them . 
  you mean like hos lifeguards `` wait '' for people to drown on beaches in order to save them ? 
  how dare they ? 
  / s  and after they are saved they do n't go on a nearest port , on afrikan coast , you know ... where saved people came from . 
  that 's because they are not allowed to and because they do not operate in those poor countries . 
  if someone saves you at sea and you need medical care , would you rather they take you to africa or europe ? 
  there 's also the territorial waters issue . 
  you ca n't just enter foreign territorial waters without permission . 
   is it their job to scour the sea for people drowning ? 
  i though that 's coast guard responsability . 
  they are volunteers . 
  they are working with and helping the coast guard . 
   is it medecins sans frontieres responsability to bring them in europe instead of leaving them on african shore after they save them . 
  they do not interfere unless they exit african territorial waters . 
  most of them die within african territorial waters just because there 's nobody there to help them . 
   what 's your point ? 
  the point is that immigrants and refugees are not bad people as you claim . 
  stuttgart is a living example of how they integrate into society . 
   and btw , forgot to say it , is not our responsability to fix their problems in the first place . 
  we did n't cause them . 
  you see a person drowning . 
  do you help , or do you look away saying that it 's not your responsibility ? 
  remember that it can also be you in that situation . 
   yeah , actually there are a few things . 
  logistics , willingness of other countries to cooperate and how is this different from what `` defend europe '' is doing ? 
  does n't that also involve logistics and cooperation ? 
  or do you plan to just drown them ? 
   saving people lowers the risk therefore higher incentive . 
  and not saving people means more dead people . 
  what do you do ? 
  do you let them die because you do n't smugglers to use you as `` incentive '' ? 
   quite high based on statistics . 
  hundreds of thousands ( maybe  1mil total in last years ) vs thousands drowned . 
  do the math . 
  the statistics report only on those whose bodies were found . 
  the mediterranean sea is a big place . 
  there are lots of improvised boats that never made it . 
  there are only records of those arriving . 
  there are no records of those that left . 
  if you try to make the trip , you 're probably not even going to be part of the statistics . 
   what i hate is these ngos who traffic people from the height of their high white horse . 
  it 's not the ngos who traffic them . 
  the ngos help those that are put in improvised boats by smugglers . 
  do you claim that ngos put them in those boats ? 
  you are spreading misinformation and hate fueled propaganda . 
   lol like / u/adevland give 's a shit if western europe is in economic ruin economic ruin ? 
  really ? 
  https://www.thebalance.com/world-s-largest-economy-3306044  the european union was in second place , generating $ 19.2 trillion . 
  together , china and the eu generate 33.9 percent of the world 's economic output of $ 119.4 trillion . 
   the united states fell to third place , producing $ 18.6 trillion . 
  even greece is doing better . 
  [ greek budget in surplus for first time in 21 years ] ( http://www.marketwatch.com/story/greek-budget-in-surplus-for-first-time-in-21-years-2017-04-24 ) lol . 
  like / u/chavril gives a shit about facts . 
   yeah between countries that are in the agreement turkey is not an eu member . 
   you realise a majority of german turks helped erdogan win the referendum that made him a quasi-dictator right ? 
  first of all , how do you know how the majority of turks in germany voted ? 
  you do n't . 
  this is pure speculation on your part . 
  secondly , this has nothing to do with the discussion . 
  why are you trying to change the topic ? 
  the point is that they are an integral part of german society . 
  they lived there most of their lives without being brandished like terrorists . 
  what happens in turkey is not germany 's business , just how germany can and will ban pro erdogan rallies because germany is not turkey . 
   they are going on a right-wing propaganda cruise , not a suicide mission . 
  the article even mentions that this is just a scam to get more funds for right-wing groups . 
   `` the danger is that , if left unchallenged , defend europe could prove to be a major propaganda coup for the far-right identitarian movement , which will use this mission to fundraise further and expand . '', 
   with all the drowning illegal immigration is very deadly . 
  so they want to `` help '' by stopping medics without frontiers from saving them from drowning ? 
   defend europe was propelled into the limelight with a stunt in may , where ** they unsuccessfully tried to stop a medecins sans frontieres vessel from leaving port on a rescue mission ** . 
   they could rescue them and return them to sender . 
  it 's not the job of ngos to return them . 
  only the authorities can do it . 
   instead they race the libyan navy to pick them up first , so they can bring them to europe . 
  this is false . 
  ngos do not enter libyan territorial waters . 
  this is just another piece of misinformation . 
  the article even says that `` defend europe '' will have trouble entering libyan territorial waters . 
   it was unclear whether libyan authorities would willingly work with the group or allow them to enter territorial waters . 
   me \u2208 people  murderers \u2208 people exactly . 
  being a murderer is n't a trait restricted only for immigrants .
