  but this is n't news . 
  it 's always been happening with people from all the corners of the world , not just the middle east . 
  my point is that she takes these personal experiences she 's had and generalizes them to the entire migrant population of europe . 
  all groups have bad apples . 
  a bigger group means more bad apples . 
  she 's ignoring the majority of people that are actually trying to fit in and make a new life for themselves . 
  this is n't good journalism . 
  it 's far from it . 
  it 's blatant fear mongering . 
  stuttgart from germany has over 40 % of its population of migrant descent . 
  and there 's no rampant violence and the economy is doing just fine . 
  germany , despite having the biggest refugee population , has had a budget surplus for the past 3 years . 
  how is this possible if what others say is true ? 
  were n't the immigrants supposed to be leeching off the government ? 
  how come some of them are actually finding jobs and contributing to prosperity ? 
  what does germany have that other countries do n't ? 
  besides the biggest refugee population . 
   one could argue that much of that delay is down to getting concensus on any final arrangement with 27 other nations . 
  you ignore the fact that those 27 nations have already reached a consensus among themselves and have put forth a comprehensive negotiation agenda which is public information . 
  the eu knows what it wants . 
  the uk does n't have anything yet . 
  and they do n't have to reach any consensus because they 're just one country . 
  the uk either does n't know what it wants or it 's being unrealistic . 
  we do n't know because it 's not public information . 
  the expert guess is that they have no clue how to go about it . 
   now it seems people from all backgrounds are using it . 
  yeah , dude . 
  i agree . 
  that was my point all along . 
  they 're all copy cats . 
  the point is that people here use that as `` proof '' that immigrants are to blame . 
  ** correlation does not imply causation . 
  ** even the correlation is weak sauce . 
   you just still do n't understand or you just pretend not to understand the difference between relative and absolute in statistics . 
  below from the guy 's latest comment . 
   let us say that only 7 afghans committed a crime . 
  yes that number is certainly less than 50 . 
  but there are only 10 afghans . 
  they are proportionally committing much more crimes . 
  holy shit !, 
  afghans `` are proportionally committing much more crimes '' . 
  `` proportionally much more crimes '' just let that sink in . 
  so , let me get this straight ... 7 afghans are more dangerous than 50 germans that commit the same crimes , right ? 
  50 germans commit rapes in your city and you 're chill . 
  no cause to worry . 
  7 afghans do the same thing and you lose your shit . 
  i mean ... it 's not like there are more germans than afghans , am i right ? 
   they are proportionally committing much more crimes . 
  lol . 
  this would have been stupid even without the caps lock . 
  you should print this , frame it and put it on your desk . 
  they totally just had the ad flyers lying around in case anyone ever attempted a coup . 
  yep . 
  just a coincidence . 
   in fact that 's exactly what has happened . 
  my point exactly . 
  and people use this as a way to blame immigrants . 
   oh look the mating cry of the pseudo intellectual redditor oh , look , i have no response to this so i 'm going to make a joke about it . 
  :d  correlation does n't imply causation , but it 's a damn good indicator of the possibility of causation . 
  no , it is n't . 
  that 's why it 's a logical fallacy . 
  you already admitted that the whole thing is just some people copying the violent crimes of others . 
  you 're not only wrong , but yo 're also contradicting yourself . 
   there are only a few afghans here that are committing a lot of crime . 
  were n't you saying that romanians , followed by germans , do the most crimes ? 
  you 're contradicting yourself , bro . 
   there have been 7 rapes/rape attempts committed by asylum seekers within walking distance to were i live . 
  that 's the reason why i feel unsafe . 
  and how many by germans and other people ? 
  why are you focusing only on these figures ? 
  why are you ignoring the others ? 
   not as in a criminal record , but as in prior probability : you 're debating semantics , bro . 
   in bayesian statistical inference , a prior probability distribution , often simply called the prior , of an uncertain quantity is the probability distribution that would ** express one 's beliefs about this quantity before some evidence is taken into account ** . 
  do you even know the definition of xenophobia ? 
  it 's  dislike of or ** prejudice ** against people from other countries . 
   your argument is : she 's wrong , because it 's not in the newspapers no . 
  my argument is that she 's fear mongering and that it 's a shitty article . 
  i never said that she 's wrong because there 's literally no evidence in the article to prove if she is right . 
   due to her position she knows a lot of stuff that is not publicized so when trump says that  more the concept of global warming was created by and for the chinese in order to make u.s. manufacturing non-competitive . 
  you believe it `` due to his position '' , right ? 
   so it 's no surprise that the number of offenses by germans is also very high . 
  yeah , yet people still blame immigrants from the middle east . 
  why do n't you read about germans doing crime as immigrants ? 
  because it 's not a hot topic as it is with immigrants . 
   but unfortunately afghans have also gained prominence with some disgusting rape cases , knife wielding quarrals etc. 
  my point exactly . 
  nobody gives a fuck if a german kills an austrian . 
  but if an afghan does it , it 's a national tragedy . 
   where i live there are not a lot of offenses committed by romanians , so no problem !, 
  but i feel unsafe because of the afghans , somalis , moroccans roaming the streets at night . 
  of course you feel unsafe . 
  the media makes it look like a national tragedy each time an afghan commits a crime , but they ignore everyone else . 
  why ? 
  because people like to have their egos fed with information that makes them feel they 're right . 
   it 's called a prior . 
  groups of people can not have priors . 
  only individuals can . 
  and even then it 's bad because they can get reformed . 
  racial and ethnic profiling is illegal in most countries . 
  police are n't allowed to do it .
