  is it because it 's easier to go to europe from the middle east instead of crossing the friggin ocean ? 
  it could be ... 
   because a country not failing is n't something special . 
  dude , you 're being intentionally pedantic . 
  look at the graphs . 
  the eu economy is the second greatest in the world . 
  it beat the us economy . 
  https://www.thebalance.com/world-s-largest-economy-3306044  the european union was in second place , generating $ 19.2 trillion . 
  together , china and the eu generate 33.9 percent of the world 's economic output of $ 119.4 trillion . 
   the united states fell to third place , producing $ 18.6 trillion . 
   how many of them do you think are actual syrians and not just bangladeshis , pakistanis , etc. 
  taking advantage of the situation ? 
  because those countries are grade a democracies and these people have no reason to leave them , right ? 
   tell that to australia . 
  and japan . 
  and south korea . 
  australia and japan are in the middle of the ocean , dude . 
  it 's easier to get to europe than to japan . 
  and south korea already has strict border security because of their neighbor , north korea . 
   is everything due to `` xenophobia , ultra-nationalism , misinformed fear and hatred '' in the uk or could perhaps be that the eu does have some serious issues on its own ? 
  so , you 're saying that all the pro-eu sentiments after brexit are due to the eu having issues ? 
  all the pro-eu sentiments are because people saw that brexit was a mistake . 
  brexit was a huge lesson in practical stupidity for the entire world . 
  the uk took a gamble and lost . 
  uk citizens fell for the fear and hatred tabloid propaganda while politicians have no idea on how to deal with it . 
  theresa may called for early ellections and lost the majority . 
  now they 've allied themselves with an extremist party in order to restore some of the lost majority . 
  it 's all one big cluster fuck and people voted for it to happen . 
  you wanted your cake ? 
  well , this is it . 
  you now have to eat it . 
   it has gotten to a point where the burden ( and future burden ) is getting to be too much for the local population of europe . 
  this is an exaggeration . 
  germany has and gets the most refugees . 
  it also has a budget surplus . 
   bringing in uneducated immigrants who can barely read or write their own language is going to cost europe more in the long run . 
  if you turn them away and they come back in illegally , sure . 
  if you educate them , then they 'll get jobs and actually help the economy . 
  the ones that are already working are essentially paying , through taxes , for those that are currently being educated . 
  it 's only a matter of time until the whole thing turns profitable . 
   still did n't answer the question . 
  no , i do n't think the majority of these these people will be living off social welfare forever . 
  all countries have immigrants . 
  you may be from an immigrant family yourself . 
  or your grandparents ... all people are the same . 
  if you can educate people that are born within your country , you can also educate people that come to your country . 
  this has been true since forever . 
   prior to the calling of the referendum cameron went to try to do a deal to placate the electorate and came away with nothing . 
  what deal ? 
  a deal with who ? 
  for what ? 
   and for some of our goods they 'll come down once free of eu import tariffs . 
  dude , there are no import tariffs within the eu . 
  it 's a free market . 
  you 'll get tariffs after leaving the eu . 
   yeah . . and many companies fail . 
  countries are no exception . 
  remarkably , greece is pretty much the only such example . 
  yet people keep claiming that the eu is a failure while ignoring all the other countries that did n't `` fail '' . 
   the problem when you have this kind of debt is that in order to make the payments you have to get another loan just to pay the other one . 
  everybody does that , bro . 
  it 's not just greece . 
  that 's how most big companies become big companies . 
  otherwise it would take forever to grow a company . 
   as i said it 's an observation . 
  ok , so you have no arguments to uphold your `` observation '' . 
  cool . 
  thanks . 
   even if you had to spend millions now to protect the borders it will save millions more in the future . 
  why ? 
  because you say so ? 
  protecting the borders is a constant financial burden . 
  integrating immigrants into the work force actually brings benefits to the economy . 
  it takes time , but it 's guaranteed to work . 
  policing your borders constantly and rigorously has not financial benefit . 
  it only costs money . 
  and this does n't change over time . 
  it can only get more expensive . 
   do you not think that many ( dare i say the majority ) of these people will be living off of the government for years to come ? 
  integrated people that lack even basic education takes time . 
  this process is already happening . 
  the more educated individuals are already part of the work force . 
  but you have to be willing to accept them . 
  people like you complain about either them not working , or them `` stealing '' your jobs . 
   well they always have something to sell . 
  what if nobody will buy it ? 
   i really do n't understand why greece did n't exist the eu and just inflate it 's currency . 
  because they 're smarter than the uk and it 's way harder to hold anti-eu propaganda campaigns in lots of small islands that sometimes have their own local culture . 
  inflating your currency does n't work on the long run . 
  greece had economical problems long before switching to the euro . 
  they do n't particularly like the eu , but they know their problems are their own . 
  but you live in romania , not greece . 
  the risk factor for the loaner is way lower because you can actually pay it back fully . 
  greece , on the other hand ... 
   there 's no necessity for me to argue with you just because you want me to , it 's quite childish . 
  then why did you join this discussion if you are unwilling to argue your own statements ? 
  are we supposed to take your word for it ? 
  who 's being childish ? 
   the political weakness when presented with problems like the refugee crisis this is vague , bro . 
  it 's not specific .
