  it 's about harassment , threats and incitement to violence . 
  these are serious problems that go beyond flipping someone off . 
   especially in southern europe why is southern europe special ? 
  why did germany and other countries manage to handle it while greece and spain could n't ? 
  if the eurozone was the problem , it would have affected everybody . 
   germany decided to save their banks by buying the debt of the greek state to those banks yeah . 
  germany and the eu bailed out greece after the crisis started . 
  greece had underestimated their external debt and that was a factor that made things worse when the 2008 crisis came . 
  other countries did not have such a hard time and have already recovered . 
   sorry but this topic has been covered in the news over and over again . 
  yeah . 
  and they never mention the 2008 crisis . 
  that 's my point . 
  the media and people always blame the euro and eu , but always forget about the 2008 financial crisis . 
  that 's cherry picking . 
  that 's anti eu propaganda . 
   man you just do n't understand economics . 
  the whole euro zone is dysfunctional . 
  then how come germany and other countries are doing just fine ? 
   italy and france will have big economic problems soon why do you think that ? 
  you 've literally brought no arguments . 
  i 've corrected my previous comment . 
  my bad for that . 
   you are so full of shit and so are your arguments . 
  there 's no need to insult me . 
   please stop wasting everyone 's time . 
  nobody is forcing you to comment . 
   you 're just repeating same things time and time again not even addressing the issues i raised . 
  what exactly have n't i addressed ? 
   the point is they have n't recovered from 30 % gdp loss and you made some completely different , irrelevant argument !, 
  i never said they recovered . 
  i said they were doing better . 
  that their gdp was stable . 
  then the eu bailed them out with tons of money , and their economy fell even more . 
  germany literally gave greece a big stack of cash , not only did they get out of the crisis . 
  hoe come germany could afford this ? 
  how come other countries did n't need bailouts ? 
  is it really that crazy that greece just is n't good at managing their own economy ? 
  why are you assuming that they are ? 
   because its banking sector was saved by peripheral states absorbing its exposure so the eu bailing out greece does n't count ? 
  germany literally bailed out greece . 
  they still did n't manage . 
  is it really such a crazy idea that not all countries are good at economy ? 
  why are you assuming that all countries are automatically good at economy ? 
   like i said , the euro made it worse . 
  when the next crises comes , europe will be hit harder than the us , because of the euro . 
  am i supposed to take your word for it . 
  `` the euro will make it worse . '', 
  why ? 
  am i supposed to take your word for it ? 
  how come germany and other countries did n't have such a hard time although they had the euro ? 
  via accreditation . 
  this is n't science fiction . 
  lots of universities do this . 
   and this was predicted before 2008 . 
  and then came the 2008 crisis and the prophecy miraculously came true . 
  the 2008 crisis had nothing to do with it , right ? 
   getting out of the crisis from 2008 would be easier if you controlled your currency . 
  ( currency is irrelevant if the conversion ratio is respected for all product prices and wages . 
  they were n't . 
  that 's what led to people not affording things they could before even though they were supposed to have the same salary and the prices were supposed to be the same . 
  local corruption made some prices and wages grow while some dropped . 
  these problems did n't happen in germany or other eurozone countries . 
   which was the flawed design and the subsequent mismanagement of the eurozone again , how did germany and other countries managed to do so well if the eurozone was flawed in design ? 
  why did only greece and spain fail at exactly the same time as the 2008 crisis ? 
  it 's just a coincidence , right ? 
  in both cases , right ? 
   and then you proceed to do so : i said the euro was poorly implemented i never said that was the sole reason for the economic problems . 
  please stop making assumptions on my behalf . 
   which is completely baseless assumption or probably just an outright lie . 
  this is one of the biggest gripes of people is spain and greece . 
  that prices increased while wages did n't . 
  i like it how you completely ignore the basic math behind this while continuing to spout `` probably '' . 
    greece lost 30 % of the gdp and stagnated , wtf ? 
  recovery ? 
  are you really that clueless ? 
  their gdp stopped dropping between 2012 and 2015 . 
  then it started dropping again after their last bailout deal . 
  they asked for the bailout , were warned against it , but pressured the eu to obtain it . 
  this is of their own doing . 
   pricing differences caused greece to lose 30 % of their gdp in the process of the eu banking crisis ? 
  pricing and waging differences due to corrption combined with the 2008 financial crisis which everyone is always omitting . 
   the whole point of having a web forum is to say and read things you would n't otherwise say or read in real life . 
  this is false . 
  real life laws apply to all people regardless on the tools they use to communicate . 
  the internet is n't exempt from real life . 
  the problem is that facebook and co do not respect these rules so specific laws are written to tackle exactly this problem . 
  things will be no different that saying things in real life . 
  the idea that the internet is a lawless area is false and people need to understand this . 
  ** the internet is n't exempt from real life . 
   its that it made them considerably worse than they would have been with out it . 
  you 're confusing the 2008 financial crisis with the euro . 
  both greece and spain adopted the euro long before 2008 . 
  in 2001 and 2002 . 
  the problems started in 2008 . 
  the euro was poorly implemented in both countries because of corruption . 
  prices and wages were not directly converted to the new currency . 
  they went up or down because of corruption . 
  if they had converted them proportionally to the conversion ratio , the inequality problem would never have happened . 
  the currency of a country is essentially irrelevant .
