  ...  `` in interviews , they say that it is brexit that is driving them to apply for french citizenship , given their serious concerns about the possibility of remaining resident in france after the negotiations . '' ...  there is n't time for anyone who was n't already trying to meet the residency requirements to do so before we leave . 
  good point here . 
   of course they want to stay in france if france has been their home for the last 5 years . 
  not really ...  `` in interviews , they say that it is brexit that is driving them to apply for french citizenship , given their serious concerns about the possibility of remaining resident in france after the negotiations . '' ...  what it does n't show is evidence of an `` exodus '' of people leaving britain . 
  of course it does n't say that . 
  that 's your idea . 
  ** the article revealed a trend and your immediate reaction was to dismiss an inner fear that was n't even mentioned in the article . 
  ** that sounds a lot like choice supportive bias . 
  when a trickle becomes a stream people always act surprised even though they were confronted with and denied the possibility . 
   these are n't people leaving britain for france . 
  they already left at least 5 years ago . 
  for anyone else , it 's already too late . 
  what the article says is that those that have left are planning to stay . 
  yep . 
  that 's a way bigger correlation . 
  what do you mean there are 999 scientists that disagree with me ? 
  i 've got this buddy of mine who 's a scientist and he says i 'm right . 
  the point you 're trying to make is that those that have already left are planning to stay . 
  the change is that it 's moved from random reddit comments to official court rulings . 
  and this is worrisome . 
  people are rejecting facts and making decisions based on a 1 in a million correlation that 's entirely based on timing . 
  by the time this correlation will be disproved , the harm will be already done . 
   and once in a while they find out that they convicted someone innocent . 
  only this time it 's not one person , it 's an entire proven science they 're condemning . 
  and this will have disastrous results . 
  long extinct diseases are already making a come-back thanks to people that are refusing to get vaccinated . 
  this only gives them more power and it 's not based on empirical evidence . 
  it will harm everyone . 
  it already is . 
  yep . 
  typical for people to exaggerate issues like immigration in order to achieve their agenda while also watering down potential problems which they caused . 
  the uk is going to go through a long guilt trip in the next 4 years . 
  it 's already happening , but everyone is in the denial phase . 
   medical science uses a lot more correlations than hard proofs . 
  can you give a few examples of how this happens ? 
  as far as i know , no drug is allowed to be sold until it goes through rigorous testing . 
  you ca n't just say `` we think this might cure cancer , but we 're not sure '' . 
  why are they applying for french citizenship if , as you claim , they do not plan to leave the uk ? 
  why bother going through that whole process if they will never leave the uk , as you claim ? 
  this is a `` plan b '' type of thing . 
  yes , they are not going anywhere at the moment because the uk is still in the eu . 
  this is just on of many back-up plans that individual people an companies are making . 
  do n't they already specify the `` 1 in a million '' risk factor on the drug box cautionary text ? 
  all drugs have them . 
  ** this sets a dangerous precedent where a correlation is used to establish causation . 
   they considered a strong correlation enough proof for this verdict what happened to `` correlation does not imply causation '' ? 
  do we get to officially cherry pick our arguments now ? 
  so if it 's a big enough coincidence , essentially . 
  anyone who 's ever had a vaccine can now blame all of their misfortunes on them . 
  :| this wo n't end well for anyone . 
  there was a similar report about more uk citizens leaving towards germany . 
  the same `` it 's not an exodus '' rhetoric was used there . 
  when does it become an exodus ? 
  the logic here is `` ignore it until it actually becomes a problem '' . 
  great logic . 
  it 's funny how the video portrays the eu as being like the us and , therefore , evil , while the uk is actually cozying up to trump as a back-up economical plan after leaving the eu . 
  tl ; dr : vote to leave the eu because it 's becoming more like the us so we can become better friends with the us . 
  brilliant !, 
  it 's funny how you see these articles today , when the whole immigration topic is hot business , and not 10 years ago when fruit picking immigrants were way more common . 
   i 'm saying they ( they being either them or the gov ) can afford a computer . 
  you already said they have fancy phones . 
  what makes you think they do n't have a computer or that they do not speak swedish ? 
   ( no you are n't . 
  also fuck poland ) great attitude , bro . 
  this discussion is over . 
   the ones with the bling are usually kids so their only crime is showing `` bling '' while being immigrants ? 
  one can argue that they 've just adapted to the local culture . 
  seriously , do n't most kids do that if they can afford it ? 
  and if they can afford it , that means that their parents can afford it . 
  you ca n't really afford `` bling '' while being on government social welfare . 
   the teacher does n't need to speak their language to teach them swedish . 
  agreed . 
  but you still need teachers . 
  or wait long enough until they learn it on their own . 
   i do n't look swedish ( i 'm not ) and i 've never personally felt disadvantaged in the work place or uni or wherever . 
  clearly , if it did n't happen to you , it does n't happen to anyone . 
  / s  why do n't you take in a refugee and do your part . 
  or do you just take the moral high ground on the internet ? 
  me , personally ? 
  have you done that ? 
   in 2013 , there were 198,839 immigrants living in romania , of which 13,000 were refugees . 
   within the european union , the country has the second highest rate of immigration from non-eu countries ( 86 % ) , just behind slovenia ( 90 % ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_romania and people here have no issues against them . 
  the general feeling is that if you do your job , you 're welcome to stay . 
   the ones i see walking around here in sweden are all wearing designer clotches , have smartphones and other type of bling . 
  so fuck you to be honest . 
  did you bother to check if they spoke swedish and if they had a job or did you just assume they did n't ? 
  do you just like to insult people ? 
   they wo n't get poorly paid jobs because of where they 're from [ racism in sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism_in_sweden )  according to the european network against racism , skin color , ethnic/religious background have significant impact on an individual 's opportunities in the labor market , affecting mainly roma , blacks , muslims , and jews . 
  it 's about having enough teachers . 
  you ca n't teach millions of people german within the next 6 months . 
  there just is n't the man-power . 
   i do n't know what the reality was , only that people were n't employed from the get-go and that it took time . 
  well , that 's the reality . 
  lots of people still think like this and are prejudiced towards not hiring foreigners . 
  more so if they are refugees . 
  looking at the statistics does n't relay why things are the way they are . 
   only a third of them had a job of 30 hours or more after 15 years . 
  this also has a lot to do with xenophobia . 
  you 're assuming they 're all lazy but forget to consider that many employers simply refuse to hire them because of their origins .
