   even if you live in the north you can work in germany and pay the same shit the same amount but with a 1000 $ more in your pockets . 
  the same thing is happening all over world , not just the eu . 
  the 2008 crisis started in the us and it affected the entire planet . 
  you say it 's slow . 
  i say that it 's stable and predictable , which is good . 
  others say the eu is failing , and this is false . 
   gdp is a somewhat crap way to measure actual personal wealth though . 
  dude , did you even follow the link . 
  it 's exactly italy ** gdp per capita ppp ** . 
   gdp per capita at purchasing power parity ( ppp ) is arguably more useful when comparing differences in living standards between nations follow the link . 
  that 's exactly what it 's about . 
  gdp adjusted by ppp . 
  read my comment one more time . 
   so no then . 
  but is n't that xenophobic ? 
  what is ? 
   it 's not prejudice when it is a fact . 
  when you say that `` somalis are less educated that italians '' you actually mean all of them . 
  it only takes 1 educated somali to disprove this theory . 
  that 's why it 's called prejudice . 
  because you 're pre-judging someone based on something that has nothing to do education : ethnicity . 
  and that 's not factual . 
  it 's false . 
  if you want to judge education , judge it for every individual by testing them . 
  ** you 're also completely ignoring the point that choosing which refugees get refugee asylum , based on education or anything else , is illegal because it goes against basic human rights . 
  ** but , hey , ignorance is bliss . 
  right ? 
  the eu does n't have balls to keep the migrants out of eu . 
  yeah . 
  because this is all a `` who 's got the bigger balls '' game . 
  you 're clueless , buddy . 
  let 's hope you never become an immigrant , because , by your own logic , someone might have `` the balls '' to deport your ass back to the war zone from where you came . 
   we are not talking gdp , we are talking income . 
  do you have income stats ? 
  income stats alone are irrelevant because not all countries have the same purchasing power nor the same prices . 
  gdp adjusted for ppp ( purchasing power parity ) is the most accurate indicator you can use for comparing the economies of countries . 
   it is one of the most unusual criminal cases of the past months . 
  a german federal prosecutor decides to be a syrian refugee , collects asylum and possibly plans a stroke . 
  apparently with right-wing background . 
  and how exactly do you blame this on actual syrian refugees ? 
  for all i know , all of those refugees that you hate could be your own compatriots masking as refugees in order to get money from the government . 
  did actual syrian refugees force this german federal prosecutor to fake his identity ? 
   if i 'd look for sources anytime someone over the internet asks , i 'd spend all my time googling shit for people that are to lazy to do it themselves you 're supposed to prove your own arguments . 
  if you ca n't do it , then it 's an invalid argument . 
   whether someone is guilty is n't up to crimonology studies . 
  exactly . 
  yet you 're blaming immigrants . 
  you 're assigning guilt without facts or a fair trial . 
  even the official police criminology statistics contradict you . 
  police reports blame gangs , not immigrants . 
   ok , so you know , but you still refuse to accept is is more meaningful in cime prevention than absolute numbers . 
  i 'm all for crime prevention . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  you 're using false statistics to assign blame . 
  police reports blame gangs , not immigrants . 
   this was a made up example ( original comment by another user ) just to make the point clear to you . 
  i explicitly asked for real proof , not `` alternative facts '' . 
   go ahead then and three zeros to the figures and you 'd still get 9 times more germans and a comparable amount more crimes by germans rather than afghans . 
  why are you ignoring this ? 
  germans commit anywhere from 6 to 9 times more crimes than afghans , but you want to deport the afghans and not the germans . 
  that 's cherry picking and you know it . 
   i gave you a much better example which was also based on real statistics ( rounded up percentages , sexual crimes in finland , 2015 ) , but looks like you `` forgot '' to address that one . 
  you 're ignoring figures from your own research cases and you expect me to change the topic ? 
  ** why are you ignoring the fact that germans commit far more crimes in austria than afghans ? 
  ** they 've also been doing for a longer time . 
   only around 10 % where checked . 
  this is from 2015 . 
  border checks have been increased since then . 
  your point is valid . 
  the border officials were overwhelmed at first . 
  but the checks were there and they got stricter as the crisis progressed . 
  claiming that none of them were checked is not true and that they were given `` open doors '' entry is nothing but false propaganda . 
   the ` budget surplus ' is made of worthless ious that will never be paid . 
  where 's the proof for this argument . 
  the budget surplus is n't made up of money that does n't exist . 
  and , yes , part of the budget is loaded from other countries . 
  if greece does n't pay it back , who loses ? 
  germany , who gave them the loan , or greece , who took the loan ? 
  you 're making zero sense with little to no proof . 
  if you do n't pay your loans , that 's great for you and bad for those that gave them to you . 
  and it so happens that germany can afford it . 
  they have a budget surplus that is n't based on loans . 
  it 's based on internal production and exports . 
   if italy never pays back its loan to germany , then the ious that germany has are worthless . 
  germany 's budget is n't made out of ious . 
  germany is n't spending ious to power its economy . 
  it 's spending real money . 
  this is the error in your logic . 
   completely irrelevant here . 
  it 's very relevant because you 're trying to paint germany as a poor country that has no money but only ious . 
  and this is false . 
  when you loan someone money , you lose that money . 
  it 's gone . 
  it goes to whomever you loaned it . 
  germany loaned to many countries but still have a budget surplus . 
  why ? 
  because they produce a lot of things that are traded throughout the entire eu . 
  they also make money from money via interest . 
  they know that some of those loans will never come back . 
  but they benefit from them indirectly because countries like greece use the money to buy things from germany .
