  all people can be murderers , not just immigrants . 
  saying otherwise is plain prejudice based on ethnicity . 
  ethnicity has nothing to do with it because anyone can be a murderer . 
  even you . 
   no , notice the identitarians and i did n't use `` all '' anywhere . 
  so , when you said that `` migrants have killed people , ergo it is accurate to describe migration as having deadly consequences '' you were n't referring to `` all '' migration , right ? 
  just some of it ? 
  how do you tell if a migrant will become a murderer in order to deport him ? 
   me \u2286 people exactly . 
  you 're included in `` people '' . 
  and people kill other people . 
  by your logic you are a murderer and should be deported . 
   the ngo 's are the smugglers . 
  this is false . 
  read the article . 
   their mission was motivated in part by claims that ngo rescue missions in the mediterranean had emboldened smuggling groups , which were sending off increasingly unseaworthy ships in the knowledge they would be rescued and taken to italy . 
  smugglers use ngos as a pretext to send people off in improvised ships , knowing that they will be rescued . 
  if the ngos are banned , these people will die . 
  you should try taking the trip for yourself and see what chances you have without them . 
   because being against illegal immigration and human trafficking ( which is what 's happening , and the purpose of that fundraising was to prevent that ) means hatred , violence and racial intolerance . 
  right ? 
  if you stop those that try to help the immigrants from drowning , then yes , that 's hatred , violence and racial intolerance . 
   defend europe was propelled into the limelight with a stunt in may , where ** they unsuccessfully tried to stop a medecins sans frontieres vessel from leaving port on a rescue mission ** . 
  you need to be a special kind of asshole to try to stop medics from doing their job . 
   cause is a piece of fucking cake to educate and raise out of poverty hundreds millions of afrikans . 
  cities like stuttgart have over 40 % of their population with migrant descent . 
  should we deport them as well ? 
   humanitarian ngos became human traffickers at this point . 
  this is what they do . 
  wake the fuck up . 
  so we should `` wake the fuck up '' and let them drown , right ? 
  there 's nothing stopping you from deporting them after they are rescued from drowning if they are not granted asylum . 
   stupid is to give people incentives to try this trip . 
  removing these incentives it the right thing to do . 
  how is saving people from drowning an incentive for smuggling immigrants ? 
  you should try taking the trip yourself and see what chances of surviving you have without these ngos . 
  getting angry and saying `` wake the fuck up '' does n't make you look smart . 
  it only shows your hatred towards immigrants . 
   blame all the problems on immigration ? 
  it 's way easier than having to take responsibility and deal with your own problems . 
  this is the number one reason why xenophobia is on the rise . 
   yes the illegal immigration is indeed deadly for europe and for eu project . 
  europe is based on immigration . 
  the eu project has freedom of movement as one of its basic concepts . 
  [ stuttgart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuttgart#immigrants ) has over 40 % of its population with migrant descent . 
  most of them , over 19 000 , came from turkey before the 2015 migrant crisis started and have adapted to the local culture . 
  the same goes for the rest of europe . 
   `` because it is not from here '' by that logic many of them should be deported because many of them have migrant descent . 
  inb4 : but my grandparents were migrants . 
  i was born here . 
  the look on their faces when you tell them that they would have never been born `` here '' if their grandparents would have been deported like they now want . 
   just about everything , yeah . 
  it 's accurate , that 's all i said it was . 
  we should deport you because people kill people and you are a person . 
   migrants have killed people , ergo it is accurate to describe migration as having deadly consequences . 
  so all migrants are murderers because some of them kill people ? 
  by that logic you 're also a murderer because some of your co-nationals have killed people . 
  by that logic you should be deported . 
   the moment when state does n't protect borders and shuts down or impedes whoever tries to do so this is false . 
  the government did n't block their donations , independent financial companies did . 
  [ paypal acts over french far-right group 's plan to thwart migrant rescue boats in the mediterranean ] ( https://www.thelocal.fr/20170614/french-far-right-groups-pan-to-block-migrant-rescue-boats-scuppered-by-paypal )  paypal 's statement to the rue89 news website read : `` our policy is to prevent our services being used by companies whose activities promote hatred , violence or racial intolerance . '' you are spreading misinformation . 
   while at the same time does n't do anything to organizations who essentially transformed into human traffickers and breaks the law constantly . 
  the ngos are n't the ones putting the immigrants on boats . 
  read the article . 
   their mission was motivated in part by claims that ngo rescue missions in the mediterranean had emboldened smuggling groups , which were sending off increasingly unseaworthy ships in the knowledge they would be rescued and taken to italy . 
  instead of tackling the problem at its source , people go after the organizations that save lives . 
  instead of fighting the human traffickers , `` defend europe '' goes after humanitarian ngos . 
  that 's stupid and dangerous because it does n't solve the problem and it endangers people 's lives . 
   thats like calling every muslim terrorist . 
  you mean like how these `` identarians '' speak about their goal ? 
   `` our goal is to step in where our politicians are failing and to do what is necessary to stop the ** deadly ** illegal migration into europe , '' the group wrote on their crowd-funding page . 
   the group raised the money despite financial institutions shutting down many methods of donation , in the end relying on bitcoins and wire transfers . 
  defend europe was propelled into the limelight with a stunt in may , where ** they unsuccessfully tried to stop a medecins sans frontieres vessel from leaving port on a rescue mission ** . 
  if they really want to help , they should be going after the smugglers , not the people they smuggle and not after the ngos that try to help them . 
   siemens said it would now divest its minority stake in joint venture interautomatika ( ia ) , which sources have told reuters was involved in the installation and commissioning of the turbines in crimea , and suspend its two representatives on ia 's supervisory board . 
   it said it had reviewed its licensing agreements with russian companies associated with the matter , and was reviewing potential cooperation between its subsidiaries and other entities around the world regarding deliveries to russia . 
   ukraine 's military says nine soldiers have died in clashes with russia-backed rebels in the east of the country . 
  the violence follows a separatist announcement of a plan to form a new state called little russia . 
  crimea 2.0 beta 1, 
   they have no intention of doing so , however ; these bills are designed to cut enough money from medicaid so that they push various tax cuts through in the reconciliation process without the cbo concluding that the gop increased the deficit by cutting taxes for rich people so you admit that they are trying to take money away from medicaid in order to give tax cuts to the rich . 
  cbo already confirmed this . 
  [ new cbo score confirms the american health care act puts patients last ] ( http://newsroom.heart.org/news/new-cbo-score-confirms-the-american-health-care-act-puts-patients-last )  the skepticism is warranted it 's way beyond skepticism . 
  your advice is to sit idly by on the hopes that disastrous bills will not be passed by the same people that wrote them and are actively pushing for them to get passed . 
  ** it 's like telling someone , who 's house is on fire , not to call the fire fighters because it 's going to rain . 
  ** you ignored my point entirely . 
  my point was that it 's irrelevant if they pass or not . 
  if it passes , it 's game over . 
  millions of people will get fucked for the benefit of a few rich people . 
  if it does n't pass , they 'll amend it until it does pass . 
  this is the second time they 're pushing for it to pass . 
  it will eventually pass . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
  the point is that the gop is actively trying to do it . 
  they 're actively trying to take away health insurance from millions of people and your advice is to stand by and watch it happen . 
  and it 's not just about healthcare . 
  [ steve bannon outlines his plan to ` deconstruct ' washington ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/23/politics/steve-bannon-world-view/index.html ) there 's also this . 
  [ trump moves to roll back obama-era financial regulations ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/03/business/dealbook/trump-congress-financial-regulations.html )  after a white house meeting with executives from wall street , mr. trump signed a directive aimed at the dodd-frank act , crafted by the obama administration and passed by congress in response to the 2008 meltdown . 
  he also signed a memorandum that paves the way for reversing a policy , known as the fiduciary rule , that requires brokers to act in a client 's best interest , rather than seek the highest profits for themselves , when providing retirement advice . 
  remember the 2008 crisis ? 
  trump and the gop want to remove the rules and regulations that were put in place to prevent it from happening again .
