  i told you that we did n't get freedom of movement until we entered the eu . 
  the same is true for pretty much all other eu members that were not founding members of the eu when the eu was created or schengen members . 
   for fuck 's sake you do n't have the first fucking clue you 're not making yourself sound smart with this attitude . 
   you do n't have the first fucking clue about how the rest of the west functioned prior to the eu , because you were n't included in it . 
  but i can assure you , we did n't need visas to go on holiday . 
  we had visa waivers visa waivers equal freedom of movement for people . 
  you do n't need visa waivers if you 're part of the eu because the eu has more freedoms of movement . 
  for people , goods , capital , labor and others . 
  romania , and other countries , needed visas because we did n't have any kind of freedom of movement . 
  nor for poeple , goods , not for anything . 
  freedom of movement is a generic term . 
  it does n't automatically imply the freedom to work or move to another country . 
  read the wikipedia page for freedom of movement . 
  it specifically states that limitations can apply to all of these things . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement#residence_restriction  despite the fact that you may be able to travel to and return from other countries , most governments still restrict the number of days you are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the amount of days you are allowed to stay depends on the country you are a citizen of , and the country you travelled to . 
  in some instances ( such as refugees who risk the death penalty upon returning to their country ) , indefinite stay may be allowed , but ** in most other cases , stay is generally limited to a few months ** . 
  one notable exception to this is the schengen area , where citizens of any country in the eu generally enjoy indefinite stay in other eu countries . 
  why are you ignoring this ? 
  you 're ignoring this while bringing no proof of your own other than insults . 
  either you bring proof for your claims , or this discussion is over . 
  bro , i 've answered you already in previous comments . 
  why are you spamming me with the same idea ? 
   they no longer have any ties to their home country no offense , but this is n't a good example because yugoslavia no longer exists as a country . 
  they literally have no country to come back to . 
   then in the same post you said the exact same thing and somehow you were right . 
  i explained how they are different . 
  if you refuse to understand basic concepts such as `` no longer profitable '' versus `` more profitable '' , then that 's your problem . 
  have a nice day . 
   the fact that you think these jobs should be allowed to exist because immigrants will take them is both insulting and ignorant . 
  do n't make assumptions on my behalf , bro . 
  i never said what you 're trying to imply . 
  i said that they are leaving because their jobs are becoming an uncertainty . 
   i wo n't support jobs that do n't respect their staff enough as to give them livable wages . 
  maybe you support that and are perfectly happy to see your citizens work full-time jobs and barely be afford a meal on their table , but i respect my fellow countrymen and do n't treat them like cattle . 
  these `` unlivable wages '' are several times higher than the averages in eastern europe . 
  it 's a win-win situation which you fail to understand . 
   asshole . 
  great way to end a civil discussion , bro . 
  truly living up to your heritage and culture . 
   they are moving to get better jobs no . 
  they are moving because their jobs are becoming an uncertainty . 
  it 's only logical that they try to find something better . 
  would you have them find something worse in order to satisfy your nationalistic pride ? 
   adding an entirely additional cost over driving down the road is somehow cheaper . 
  down the road ? 
  bro , how do you downplay the entire pacific ocean to `` down the road '' ? 
   buying stuff from germany with open borders from say austria is cheaper than buying from britain because germany and austria are neighbors . 
   shocking how distance can influence purchase price , almost like travel costs fuel or something . 
  you do realize we were talking about international trade , right ? 
  you claimed than land transport is the best . 
  period . 
  it is n't . 
  unless it 's a short distance , land travel is either not possible or not cost effective . 
  try importing things from china via trucks , if possible , and see how much it 'll cost you compared to shipping them via sea transport . 
  you 're either delusional , or ignoring facts because you 're too stubborn to admit having said something stupid . 
   that our wages have been stagnating after brexit . 
  companies that are relocating to the eu were n't doing so before brexit . 
   so they are moving for a shit load of money not brexit because it 's unheard of for people to leave when things are getting worse and for them to try and find a better place . 
  / s and it 's normal for them to be called out for leaving because they found a better deal and completely ignore the problems they were facing . 
  yep . 
  it 's normal . 
   i 'd pack up and leave for double my salary too . 
  you 'd also pack up and leave if the shit would be hitting the fan soon . 
  you 'd try to find a better place , obviously , and people would call you out for being a `` quitter '' . 
   there definitely will be visa waivers , otherwise international business would suffer unnecessarily . 
  so , you 're certain of this because otherwise things will suck and you can not conceive things sucking , right ? 
   i am a doctor . 
  i am currently working in an nhs hospital . 
  i think i 'm pretty well qualified to comment on our healthcare system . 
  are you the healthcare minister ? 
  are you familiar with how the nhs operates on a national level ? 
  also , am i supposed to take your word for it that you are a doctor ? 
  and how does that even deny all of the things that i 've said and upheld with facts ? 
  do you deny the official statistics because `` i live here and i know better '' ? 
  are you serious ? 
  is this the only argument you have ? 
  tl ; dr : i 'm right because i know better . 
  great logic , bro . 
   you mean the jobs that have low paychecks because they 're all getting filled up with immigrants willing to work for low pay ? 
  lol . 
  that 's one way to view it , i guess . 
   ) the other way is to say that these jobs have always been low paying and that the only ones willing to take them were immigrants . 
   increase their paychecks and improve their services or leave . 
  guess what ? 
  the jobs are leaving . 
   maybe those jobs will start paying a decent wage now ... tl ; dr : why people voted for brexit ? 
  because `` maybe it 'll be better , and not worse '' . 
   did you just ignore yourself incorrectly calling me out ? 
  how exactly did i do that ? 
  by pointing out what the article is saying ? 
  that the uk is `` going down '' and that people are considering leaving because of this ? 
  you said that they are leaving `` for better work '' elsewhere . 
  i said that they are leaving because work in the uk is `` going down '' . 
  these are two different scenarios . 
  you can leave a company because you found better work elsewhere , like you said . 
  and you can leave a company because the company is going bankrupt and that you still need money for food . 
   trade over sea costs more than trade by road this is false . 
  sea cargo transport is the most cost effective . 
  that 's why virtually all things are made in china and `` shipped '' across the planet in cargo ships .
