  it also refers to the 1992 cleansing which you mentioned . 
  it happened in 1992 and again in 2008 . 
   the policy of ethnic cleansing was also affirmed by the president of south ossetia , eduard kokoity , who in his interview of 15 august 2008 given to the russian publication kommersant , on the question `` will georgian civilians be allowed to return ? '', 
  gave the following answer : `` we do not intend to let anybody in here anymore '' . 
  i did . 
  a federal europe is a very vague term . 
  both the us and russia are federations but drastically different and not that good in terms of anything . 
  social democracies work in small countries . 
  the smaller the country , the better it works . 
  democracy fails at many things when applied to big countries . 
  it leads to a torn-up political system . 
  it leads to a `` them versus us '' system . 
  this is voting for something that you do n't even know how it will work or if it will even work . 
  this is a lot like the brexit vote . 
   are republicans shitty in every country ? 
  they are usually the conservatives and nepotism is directly linked to conservatism . 
  that 's how the world worked for a very long time . 
  this is a good change . 
   the war that reduced the population of abhazia was the 92-93 war , not what you link , fucking hell . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war  the south ossetians destroyed most ethnic georgian villages in south ossetia and were responsible for an ethnic cleansing of georgians . 
  that quote is from the second paragraph of the article about the 2008 russo-georgian war . 
  an ethnic cleansing happened in the 1990s , as you mentioned , but also in 2008 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_georgians_in_south_ossetia  ethnic cleansing of georgians in south ossetia was the removal of georgians , which was conducted in south ossetia and other territories occupied by russian and south ossetian forces , which happened ** during and after the 2008 russia -- georgia war ** . 
   read about the ethnic cleansing in abhazia and then talk . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/south_ossetia#integration_with_russia  on august 30 , 2008 , tarzan kokoity , the deputy speaker of south ossetia 's parliament , announced that the region would soon be absorbed into russia , so that south and north ossetians could live together in one united russian state . 
  russian and south ossetian forces began giving residents in akhalgori , the biggest town in the predominantly ethnic georgian eastern part of south ossetia , the choice of accepting russian citizenship or leaving . 
   the population of abkhazia was reduced to 216,000 after an ethnic cleansing of georgians , a decrease from 525,000 before [ the war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russo-georgian_war ) . 
  people that did n't accept russian citizenship were forced to leave . 
  thousands were forcefully removed from the region . 
  the population was reduced to almost half . 
   you are so wrong it 's not even funny , you two cent troll . 
  insulting me does n't make you right and it does n't prove me wrong . 
   how is this related to the fact that you confuse ossetians and russians ? 
  you 're debating semantics . 
  ossetians and russians worked together to forcefully evacuate thousands of people that rejected russian citizenship . 
  that 's russian citizenship . 
   russian and south ossetian forces began giving residents in akhalgori , the biggest town in the predominantly ethnic georgian eastern part of south ossetia , the choice of accepting russian citizenship or leaving . 
   they stood and watched while the albanians were pillaging and burning . 
  and if they intervened you would have judged them for that as well . 
  not doing something is a crime , and doing something is also a crime . 
   nato forced yugoslavia to sign a ceasefire , and then they recognized the independence of kosovo . 
  wow !, 
  being forced to stop a war must really suck . 
  / s  russia forced georgia to sign a ceasefire , and then they recognized the independence of abkhazia and s. ossetia . 
  with the difference that nato is n't occupying kosovo and that nato forces are being withdrawn from kosovo while russia is doing no such thing while thinking of occupying even more territory from georgia . 
  it 's the same thing , right ? 
  / s  those are not georgian territories anymore from the russian perspective . 
  they are independent states , same as kosovo is from the point of view of the western powers . 
  with the difference that  on august 30 , 2008 , tarzan kokoity , the deputy speaker of south ossetia 's parliament , announced that the region would soon be absorbed into russia , so that south and north ossetians could live together in one united russian state . 
  russian and south ossetian forces began giving residents in akhalgori , the biggest town in the predominantly ethnic georgian eastern part of south ossetia , the choice of accepting russian citizenship or leaving . 
  they are independent only if they accept russian citizenship . 
  it 's either that or they are forced to leave . 
  til that russian citizenship = independence / s  they did not . 
  tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  great logic , bro . 
   russian and south ossetian forces began giving residents in akhalgori , the biggest town in the predominantly ethnic georgian eastern part of south ossetia , the choice of accepting russian citizenship or leaving . 
   so yeah buddy , get out , this is way beyond your 5second attention span . 
  tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  your articles and facts prove nothing . 
   keep spaming mate , you are not getting payed for that weak shit . 
  calling it spam is an easy way to ignore it . 
   how often do you see muslim attacks compared to attacks on muslims in this manner ? 
  the odds favour one far more than the other . 
  you 're more likely to get killed by a knife wielding brit in the uk than by a radical muslim terrorist . 
   in the uk there were 213 homicides using a sharp instrument in 2015/16 , accounting for 37 % of all homicides . 
   maybe that 's why they 're so frustrated spewing venom online ? 
  it 's their only safe place . 
  spewing fear and hatred towards minorities in real life is n't tolerated . 
  and they 're frustrated that even their online safe places are being cleaned up of hate speech . 
  it 's a cornered animal knee jerk reaction . 
  they 're afraid they 're losing their platform of expression . 
  without it , they are nothing . 
   this is a thread about an act of terrorism . 
  we are n't ignoring gun violence any more than we are ignoring ebola how many threads are there about gun violence and how many are there about terrorism ? 
  there 's disproportionate coverage . 
  terror attacks get way more coverage even though they kill less people . 
  that 's when terrorists win . 
  that 's how they get new recruits . 
  when people hate all muslims . 
   and there it is !, 
  how 's it feel acting like a human spam bot ? 
  you 've already mentioned this in a [ previous comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6sjxkp/manhunt_underway_as_car_rams_into_soldiers_in/dldjvt4/ ) . 
  you 're spamming . 
   and the second and third link being spammed today . 
   terrorism is n't a problem because more people die in other ways ? 
  i never said it 's not a problem . 
  i said that there are bigger problems that are being ignored . 
   `` well more people die falling over in the bath than from gun violence so there 's no reason for any gun rules at all !!! '', 
  accidents are not intentional . 
  murder is . 
  people are focusing all their attention on specific incidents because they are motivated by radical religious views while ignoring the other bigger issues that kill more people . 
   islamic attacks target civilians in large amount gun crimes are mostly in criminal vs criminal . 
  so you 're automatically a criminal because a gang member kills you with a gun ? 
  is that it ? 
  people here are spreading the same xenophobic rhetorics . 
  am i supposed to reply to one comment and ignore the rest ? 
   a hit and run is defined as an accident if it 's intentional then it 's murder if the culprit is white . 
  if he is muslim , it 's a terror attack . 
   also this occurred as a revenge attack after several islamic attacks . 
  are you trying to justify it ? 
   again one incident compared to a very large amount is you being dishonest .
