  that 's constructive thinking . 
  banning things is never constructive . 
  but a vat is n't enough . 
  specific regulations are also needed . 
  you ca n't have a free market without rules and regulations to ensure that it 's fair for everyone . 
   the rules and legislations regarding taxi 's are 2 centuries old ideologically . 
  this is true . 
  the laws need to change to reflect modern methods and services . 
   unfortunately neither the state nor the cab drivers want to change them , because they 're both getting easy money of it , and everybody likes easy money , except the consumer who has to pay for it . 
  this is not true . 
  it 's just an assumption on your part to justify your laziness in improving the law and hatred for uber . 
   but nobody cares about ubertaxi . 
  exactly . 
  people only care to ban uber because people like uber and taxi companies hate that . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
    ever heard about infamous surge pricing ? 
  the client gets notified about this ahead of time . 
  ever heard of taxi drivers that ask for more money than the fare is worth ? 
  that 's one of the reasons people like uber , because they do not pay the driver directly . 
   the driver pays the fee for the referral service . 
  like they did in the last decades with phone referral services , restaurants and others that referred customers to taxis . 
  the same happens ith uber , only everything is automated . 
   upfront pricing and surge pricing would be illegal in most countries . 
  prices are regulated by the municipalities . 
  again , i have nothing against regulations . 
  just do n't ban something if you 're too lazy to regulate it . 
   which other `` apps '' like uber operate in europe ? 
  you 've already mentioned ubertaxi . 
  `` but nobody cares about ubertaxi . '', 
  have a good day . 
   an ongoing dispute between uber technologies inc. and its drivers has reached canada , with a proposed class-action lawsuit that claims uber drivers are employees who are entitled to minimum wage , overtime and vacation pay . 
  there 's no outcome in canada . 
  there is n't even a lawsuit . 
  the uk ruling is not final and uber is appealing . 
  it can be overturned just how it happened in italy . 
  what 's your point with these random court rulings from various countries other than the laws are obsolete and new ones need to be made to reflect the current way of doing things in the industry ? 
  i 've already showed you that they get overturned from one month to the next . 
  countries should be focusing on discussing the problem publicly and regulating the trade specifically to the new way of how it 's done . 
  uber drivers are not taxi drivers . 
  it 's not ok to classify them as such and it 's not ok to ban something because you 're too lazy to properly regulate it . 
   almost all of these other services are just referral services that dispatch a taxi for you . 
  that 's what uber does . 
  official registered taxis can also be uber cars . 
  anyone can be an uber driver . 
  uber is just a referral service that dispatches cars to you . 
   uber is n't a referral service like these apps . 
  because uber sets the fees and handles the payment . 
  so the other referral apps are free ? 
  do n't they have fixed prices as well ? 
  you 're cherry picking , bro . 
  uber is not the only app that does that . 
   and if they had problems before joining the eu and the eurozone , how come the eu has n't detected if it is above reproach as you keep peddling ... 
  the greek government intentionally misrepresented the loans they had made . 
  read the wikipedia article . 
   if you 're happy with the eu as it is , good for you . 
  know that you 're probably part of a small portion of eu citizens . 
  the problems you 're complaining about are either non-existent ( like the eu not being a federation ; it 's not supposed to be one ) or taken out of context ( like the economic issues of spain and greece which existed before the eu and were increased after the 2008 crisis which everyone like yourself conveniently ignore to blame the eu and euro ) . 
  have a good day . 
   because poor france ca n't take them , while italy and hungary can ? 
  france has taken 11,694 immigrants while italy has taken 2,538 . 
  hungary has taken 72,505 . 
  germany has over 600 000 . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war#host_countries ) your argument here makes no sense . 
  each country decides how many it will take . 
  the eu ca n't force them to take more . 
   are you implying it 's working well ? 
  almost all eu members have seen great improvements after joining the eu . 
  as i detailed in the above mentioned post , ** greece and spain had specific problems with their economies from before joining the eu ** . 
  you can argue that after joining they 've had great help from the eu . 
  greece has been bailed out twice . 
  and they 're still struggling while most countries have long recovered from the 2008 crisis . 
  are you really blaming greece 's failure on the eu while other eu members are doing just fine ? 
  or are you inventing crazy conspiracy theories to prove how all of the eu is actually profiting and stealing money from greece ? 
  really ? 
  is that why germany had a budget surplus for the last 3 years while also taking in over 600 000 syrian immigrants ? 
   this is not what the eu presently is . 
  it 's what it strives to achieve . 
  not all members respect their pledged agreements . 
  it 's still work in progress for many countries . 
  but improvements happen all the time . 
  you 're ignoring these things while focusing on things that have little to nothing to do with the eu . 
  the economic crisis in greece had nothing to do with the eu and all to do with their ancient debts and the 2008 crisis which drove them off the edge . 
  the eu helped them with 2 bailouts which the greeks requested via referendum . 
  that 's an outdated article from 2015 . 
  [ uber settles lawsuits to keep drivers as independent contractors in california and massachusetts 6 ] ( http://www.theverge.com/2016/4/21/11485424/uber-suit-california-massachusetts-drivers-employee-contractor )  uber has reached a landmark settlement in two class action lawsuits that will see it pay as much as $ 100 million to the drivers represented in the cases , but will allow it to keep categorizing them ** as independent contractors , rather than employees ** . 
   you literally asked the same thing as a guy 4 hours ago and you 're acting all butthurt that i 'm not answering twice . 
  are you expecting me to go through your entire post history to find an answer to a question ? 
  it 's not gon na happen . 
  and you 're the one being butthurt here . 
  you could have pointed to that comment in the first place without being a dick about it . 
   the underlying problem is that we 're currently in a federation that 's only 10 % finished and does n't want to admit it 's a federation . 
  the eu is not a federation . 
  each country has different directives based on their level of development . 
  the goal is to bring all countries on the same playing field so that labor and trade can be made easily . 
  it 's a win-win relationship based on trade and people . 
  eu laws are not mandatory . 
  they are just guidelines . 
  if they are not obeyed , economic sanctions are applied as to not hurt others that do accept eu laws . 
  each country also has the freedom to implement these guidelines however they want .
