  hungary is `` buildings walls '' to keep away the eu . 
  orban is using government money to pay for anti-eu propaganda . 
  hungary is filled with anti-eu posters paid by the government . 
  they could n't afford immigrants , but they can afford these ads ? 
  hungary is getting money from the eu and that money goes to their budget . 
  eu money is partially paying for anti-eu propaganda . 
  europe is n't buildings walls . 
  hungary is buildings walls and this is distancing them away from europe . 
  the people of hungary do not like this . 
  thousands of people are protesting in hungary . 
   the difference on the one hand is the pure amount . 
  over one million people in less than two years . 
  the number still rises . 
  the high number only means that it will take longer , not that it is n't possible to integrate them . 
  also , lots of them will probably go back if they are from war torn countries that have gone peaceful . 
   for example most of the turkish people came here because germany really needed them . 
  they needed menpower . 
  germany still needs people since the native population is aging . 
  you do admit that they , as people , are the same , right ? 
  this was my point . 
   one million , two million , 40 million ? 
  for me it feels very fragile at the moment . 
  with this i can agree . 
  however , the african refugees come here as a result of the middle eastern refugees . 
  they simply heard that they can go to europe as refugees , so they did . 
  if the people smuggling problem is solved , the crisis will end because isis is all but defeated in syria . 
   `` what if country x is so much poorer in nominal gdp per capita that exporting my stuff to them is barely worth the cost of producing x , shipping x and so on '' it 's similar to asking what are the prices of tabasco sauce in nigeria . 
   the average price of tabasco is 3.09 usd . 
  the price ranges from a minimum of 1.5 usd in nigeria to a maximum of 5.17 usd in ukraine . 
  it 's [ 5.98 $ ] ( https://www.walmart.com/ip/tabasco-original-flavor-pepper-sauce-12-oz/10317857 ) at walmart in the us . 
  http://www.globalbrandprices.com/rankings/tabasco/ 1.5 % $ is probably the lowest they can afford to make it while still profiting from the volume of sales . 
  this is the point . 
  the local economy and average salary are n't the only influences . 
  you need to gauge the local culture and see if people will actually want to buy it and adjust the price accordingly . 
  some countries , like ukraine , have higher prices for some products like tabasco sauce , even though their economy is n't even comparable to that of the us . 
  each company decides the price they think people will be willing to pay . 
   richer people do n't even sell stuff to them because it 's not worth it this is n't true . 
  most of the time they did n't have the chance to expand there but probably will in the future . 
  tabasco sauce is sold in nigeria . 
   they do n't even care to `` make at least some profit '' here when they can sell for full price in usa/germany/etc . 
  cars have regional dealerships . 
  it depends on how big the company is and what type of car it is . 
  ferraris are luxury items . 
  you will find dealerships only in some regions . 
  ferraris are expensive also because of the brand . 
  the brand is expensive . 
  the profit gained from selling one ferrari is way bigger than the profit from selling one volkswagen . 
  you sell in big quantity and at a lower price , or you sell luxury items in low quantity and high price . 
  there 's also the middle ground . 
  ** this whole discussion , however , is irrelevant in regards to the gdp adjusted for ppp economy comparison of countries . 
  ** prices vary for lots of reasons . 
  this is a fact . 
  this means you ca n't judge an economy just by raw gdp . 
   take china for example , both their gdp and ppp per capita are much lower than ours . 
  true , but they have a huge population . 
  the `` per capita '' part means just that , `` per person '' . 
  china has the biggest economy on the plant . 
  by raw gdp and by gdp adjusted for ppp . 
   however , china is such a humongous market that they have enough of the very-rich people , so exporting costlier stuff to them is again worth it . 
  exactly . 
  comparing economies of countries and how companies choose their prices are two different discussions . 
   and although most people who came here from turkey are muslim , they were/are quite liberal in comparison to people from other muslim countries , at least back in the 70ies . 
  you say that they are `` quite liberal '' , i say that they integrated well into german society . 
  it 's the same idea . 
   what i wa n't to say is although germany did relativly well untill today when it comes to immigration i 'm not so optimistic about the current waves of immigrants . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  all waves of immigrants happen because of war and/or poverty . 
  they all leave in search of a better life . 
  it 's ok , bro . 
  do n't worry . 
   just try not to jump to conclusions and never trust people 's opinions before they 've argumented them with facts and only after you 've made your own mental assessment of what has been said . 
  do n't read just the title of articles because they can be misleading . 
  and do n't judge an article based on where it was written and who wrote it . 
  read the whole article and decide for yourself . 
   it 's good that you 're open minded . 
  a lot of people spread false claims because they either have an agenda , or because they do n't like being proved wrong and take it as a personal attack on themselves whenever that happens . 
   my impression is that nominal gdp is more useful when agreeing to trade talks . 
  that 's because international trade usually happens in just one currency , either us dollars or euros and because prices are always negotiated and influenced by trade deals . 
   usa wo n't really lower the price of those f-16 's just because the us is the only country who makes f-16s . 
  this is their leverage for keeping the price high . 
  even so , the price still varies depending on trade deals or military/political alliances . 
  if the us wants to build a missile defense system in romania and romania wants to buy some tanks from the us , the us might be convinced to offer a discount . 
  these , however , are very specific commodities that are sold via other rules than basic commodities such as oranges . 
  most international trade revolves around basic commodities . 
   however , the same does n't work for pc parts or similar . 
  yep . 
  why ? 
  because they are not basic commodities and not all countries produce them . 
  that 's why prices are roughly the same . 
  because they are dictated by a small number of companies that produce them . 
   like , i 'm a trader looking to export stuff to all sorts of countries . 
  is n't it more sensible to look at their average wages in dollars/nominal gdp per capita ? 
  yes , but your goal here is n't trying to compare the economy of this country to the economy of another . 
  your goal is profit . 
  your goal here is trying to find the best price that will sell the most units while also making you the most overall profit . 
   i care to make as much money as i can , and so then why would i want to lower my prices to the point they 're affordable to whatever poorer country ? 
  because a smaller profit is better than no profit at all . 
  if the price is too high , people ca n't afford to buy your product . 
  that means you 'll be making zero profit while your competitors will be expanding and selling at ppp adjusted prices so that they can keep expanding in other countries in order to make even more profit . 
   it 's just hard to imagine it as an overtly racist country again with the exaggerations .
