  seriously , though , that 's just an assumption . 
  the fact is they voted for it 498 to 114 when they could have repealed it . 
  you can play the `` what if '' game for as long as you want . 
  it wo n't change the facts . 
   two separate issues . 
  nobody with the slightest ounce of credibility in the financial sector even claims they are related . 
  really ? 
  are you claiming that the 2008 financial crisis had no influence on the economies of eurozone countries ? 
  dude , you really need to read more . 
  [ 2008 -- 16 spanish financial crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2008%e2%80%9316_spanish_financial_crisis )  the 2008 -- present spanish financial crisis , also known as the great recession in spain or the great spanish depression began in 2008 during the world [ financial crisis of 2007 -- 08 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/financial_crisis_of_2007%e2%80%932008 ) . 
   the results of the crisis were devastating for spain , including a strong economic downturn , a severe increase in unemployment , and bankruptcies of major companies . 
  [ greek government-debt crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis )  the greek government-debt crisis ( also known as the greek depression ) is the sovereign debt crisis faced by greece in the aftermath of the financial crisis of 2007 -- 08 . 
   the greek crisis started in late 2009 , triggered by the turmoil of the [ great recession ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_recession ) , structural weaknesses in the greek economy , and revelations that previous data on government debt levels and deficits had been undercounted by the greek government . 
  it 's ok , bro . 
  blame it on the euro . 
  it 's just a coincidence that all of these countries started having huge economy problems right when the 2008 crisis happened . 
  yep . 
  / s i 'm sorry , but this discussion is over . 
  i simply can not argue with someone that denies the very existence of something so huge as the 2008 financial crisis . 
  goodbye . 
   yes the groups are publicly stated on the site of the soros foundation on the macedonian page . 
  what groups ? 
  what site ? 
  what foundation ? 
  is it really that hard to post links ? 
  thanks . 
  i believe that all people can participate in all kinds of discussions as long as there are arguments , civility and facts . 
  this one is lacking facts and arguments . 
  hopefully people learn something from it ; that something is n't true just because someone is screaming it loud enough . 
   even if i take the effort to go dig up the documents , you 'll find a way to distort them to make me look ignorant , stupid , like a conspiracy nut , whatever . 
  i guess we 'll never know , because the evidence does n't exist . 
  i 'm happy to talk about it if you were to find any . 
    that 's fine . 
  i 'm not playing this game . 
  i walk away from this discussion believing that you have have an ulterior motive your motive is spreading fake news and conspiracy theories . 
  what 's mine ? 
   you walk away from this conversation assuming i 'm a moron and strengthened in yours . 
  actually , it is my impression that you are gullible and close minded . 
  you easily accept the ideas that suit you without evidence , while you dismiss other ideas even if they are backed up by facts . 
  that last part makes you ignorant . 
  you 're also willing to spread your false and unproven ideas . 
  ** you 're literally spreading fake news . 
  ** you say it can be true . 
  everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
  you can literally get sued for making allegations like these about people without being able to prove them . 
   he finances political groups not only in hungary but in multiple nations that protest against the goverment do you have any proof for this ? 
  trump has the same rhetoric and no proof has ever been found . 
   i have little interest to go on an intellectual excavation at the moment . 
  so you admit to never doing any research about the things you 're saying about soros . 
  why are you spreading fake news ? 
   that is subject to change based on a whim or a salary . 
  are you being paid to spread fake news ? 
   also , please do n't mistake the current absence of information with it being inexistent . 
  the soros theories have been floating around long before trump started running for president . 
  there has been no proof for those claims . 
  it 's all fake news . 
  meaning rumors meant to discredit some people for the benefit of others . 
   to rebut your argument , strong minds stick to their convictions . 
  it 's ok to admit when you 're wrong . 
  being stubborn is not the same as having a `` strong mind '' . 
   it only implies lack of current desire to put the effort . 
  out of all the text you 've written so far , some of that could have been facts instead of just unverified conspiracy theories . 
  nobody can prove them . 
  that 's why the hungarian politicians gave another justification for their actions , so as to not make fools out of themselves . 
   if developing a radical and unique perspective is the only option i have for establishing myself as an outlier and universal persona non grata to the current sociopolitical structure and all of its dishonesty , so be it . 
  instead of taking the time to write generic platitudes , you could have brought real facts to the table . 
  you seem to be well articulated . 
  it 's a shame that you believe in things without having proof . 
  :( it 's even worse because you 're spreading this information as being true without any sort of proof to support it . 
   and i do support both closing the university and keeping it open [ ... ] whoever gives up first did n't believe enough in what they fought for . 
  we need strong minds , strong wills , and strong people . 
  survival of the fittest is as natural as one can be . 
  `` strong minds '' do n't `` pollute the pond '' with ideas they can not support . 
  just saying . 
   the university gets banned , and people protest , i support both fully . 
  how can you support two opposing ideas ? 
  you support both closing the university and keeping it open ? 
  how does that work inside your mind ? 
   only once all sides have been allowed to share and address their perspectives will we be able to finally achieve or be worthy of a truly global community . 
  still no proof for all those soros conspiracy theories ? 
  thanks for proving my point . 
   i hate how everything soros touches encourages banning the use of words do n't you think you 're being a bit hypocritical by trying to ban a university ? 
   i believe that ** all people should have a supreme and undeniable right to self determination ** , even at the expense of disagreements and social conflicts . 
  then why are you trying to ban a university ? 
   unless there is proof or a strong reason to believe where 's the proof that says how soros is influencing the collective thoughts of people ? 
   there is your answer i asked for proof , not ideological babble that is n't even coherent with what you 're saying . 
  your ideology literally conflicts with your opinions . 
  you say you 're pro free speech but you want to ban an entire university . 
  that makes you a hypocrite . 
   next year will be interesting though with the parliamentary elections . 
  my point stands . 
  i mixed them up accidentally . 
  :p i 've edited the comment . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
   i do n't hate university , i hate soros why do you hate soros ? 
  seriously , this is the third time i 've asked you this . 
  and every time you 've ignored the question . 
  do you really have no answer ? 
  are you that gullible to believe everything you hear without facts ? 
   i get why you support him .
