  radical right wing supporters are also against the system and against capitalism . 
  below from the article  but those participating in the violence in hamburg may have been so-called ** `` riot tourists , '' interested only in destruction for destruction 's sake ** . 
  an informal poll of protestors by the german edition of vice magazine , just before the summit , found that the majority were unfamiliar with the most basic facts concerning the g20 as institution . 
  how is this any different than the riots that happen after major soccer matches ? 
  read the whole article . 
   an attempt by the european commission to aim for a slightly expansionary fiscal policy for the euro zone as a whole this year was met by german opposition and was eventually dropped . 
   he added , however , that this should mean that countries with high deficits or debts , such as france or italy , should continue with the consolidation of their public finances . 
  but states with fiscal space , like germany , `` should use those resources to support demand , in particular investment '' . 
   which is horrible but is relevant to the point how ? 
  you said the french people did it . 
  the french government is not the french people . 
  the french people did n't even know about it because the french government initially denied it . 
   the original comment compared to russian political perspective to which was replied that unlike those there was no intent to kill . 
  a person still died . 
  those who planted the bombs are responsible for that man 's death . 
  if you kill someone by accident , it 's still your fault . 
  not to mention the whole `` sink a greepeace ship with bombs '' thing which is bound to have people hurt because that 's what bombs do . 
  using more bombs to scare people before using bigger bombs to sink ships does n't wash away the guilt . 
   even if nobody died they still tried to bomb a ship in the waters of a different country showing will-full negligence for civil life . 
  are you seriously downplaying mass-murder to `` will-full negligence for civil life '' ? 
  they used bombs to sink a ship . 
  bombs !, 
  you ca n't say you 're sorry if someone dies after you detonated some bombs . 
  those deaths are on your hands . 
   oh look there you do it again . 
  apparently you ca n't handle sarcasm . 
  why sarcasm ? 
  because you 're trying to diminish the guilt of murder by calling it `` will-full negligence for civil life '' . 
   siemens also said it had been lied to by its russian customer . 
  technopromexport had repeatedly reassured siemens that the turbines would not be sent to crimea , siemens said . 
   the kremlin 's spokesman , dmitry s. peskov , said monday that the turbines had been made in russia from russian parts and were not subject to sanctions restrictions . 
  according to siemens , the turbines were made in russia with a russian partner but by contract subject to the sanctions . 
   siemens said it built the turbines in russia with a russian partner and sold them to technopromexport for a power generation project in taman , a city on a peninsula in southern russia that is separated from crimea by a narrow section of the black sea . 
   technopromexport had agreed in writing not to ship the turbines to crimea , or to export the power they generated to annexed territory , siemens said . 
   siemens said it would review all its business activities in russia to make sure there were no other violations of sanctions . 
   the dispute will also do nothing to encourage foreign investment or repair russia 's reputation as a place where contracts are often ignored , property is subject to arbitrary seizure and there is little legal recourse . 
  an `` unintentional '' death is still punishable by law . 
  if you kill someone `` unintentionally '' , you 're still going to jail . 
  it 's still your fault . 
  the french government detonated the first bomb to scare everyone off the ship . 
  that could have also killed people . 
  they then assumed that everyone left and detonated a second one that sunk the ship . 
  they clearly took all safety precautions to sink a ship with bombs , right ? 
  bombs are totally safe . 
  the french government is not responsible for death of someone who died of drowning after they sank a ship with a bomb . 
  they did warn everyone with another bomb , did n't they ? 
  what more do you want ? 
  / s ** you guys are literally defending murder . 
  this is despicable . 
   he 's saying it was the relevant french people 's fault but that it was not their intent to kill them . 
  not french people . 
  french government . 
  the minister responsible for this resigned . 
  the government initially denied everything . 
  the people did not know until after an extensive investigation . 
   as malevolent and negligent as their action may have been that 's correct and is a difference with putting a gun to someone 's head with that exact intent . 
  a person died after a second bomb was detonated by the french government in a covert mission to sink a ship and prevent it from protesting . 
  that 's entirely the fault of the government . 
  that death is on their hands . 
  we detonated a first bomb to scare everyone off the ship . 
  what more do you want ? 
  it 's not our fault !, 
  / s great logic right there . 
   do you read `` he died all by himself '' ? 
  i read that `` pereira went back to take pictures of the damage . '', 
  and that `` pereira was not supposed to die though . 
  they set of 2 bombs , 1 small one to scare everyone of the ship , and then a bigger one to sink it . '', 
  that clearly implies that the guy is trying to absolve the french government of any guilt . 
  they did detonate the first bomb in order to scare everyone , did n't they ? 
  what more do you want ? 
   he did n't said it . 
  at all . 
  that 's exactly what he 's saying . 
   pereira went back to take pictures of the damage . 
  tl ; dr : it 's his fault he died because he want back to take pictures . 
  the french government is totally not guilty for detonating a second bomb . 
  it was their right to sink a mothafuckin greepeace ship in order to prevent it from protesting . 
  yep . 
   pereira was not supposed to die though . 
  but he did because the ship was sunk by the french government in order to suppress a protest . 
  we just tried to sink your ship with two bombs . 
  we did n't mean to kill you . 
  we 're really sorry after initially denying everything . 
  google maps needs to index that stuff . 
   during the operation , two operatives sank the flagship of the greenpeace fleet , the rainbow warrior in the port of auckland , new zealand on its way to a protest against a planned french nuclear test in moruroa . 
  they sank a greenpeace ship to prevent it from protesting against a nuclear test . 
  :|  fernando pereira , a photographer , drowned on the sinking ship . 
  this puts all of those `` alleged '' russian political assassinations into new perspective . 
   to be honest this is not a polical rally , it is a commemoration event failed coup commemoration event ? 
  how is that not political ? 
  it 's like north korea celebrating the creation of north korea in the us . 
  most people do not know it , but [ turkish law prohibits election campaigning outside the country ] ( http://www.dpa-international.com/topic/turkish-law-prohibits-campaigning-abroad-row-europe-deepens-170309-99-595734 ) . 
  it 's apparently ignored by erdogan & co. 
  it applies only to the opposition . 
   despite this , the turkish government has become deeply enmeshed in a battle with european countries , especially germany , over bans on rallies in several towns . 
  this makes erdogan crying foul for their rally being banned highly hypocritical . 
  millions of people of turkish descent live in europe and erdogan is trying to get them on his side in the wake of the huge protests that are happening in turkey . 
  [ geamana , the romanian village flooded by a toxic lake ] ( http://www.zmescience.com/other/feature-post/geamana-village-romania-toxic/ ) [ here ] ( https://www.google.ro/maps/place/geam%c4%83na+517416/@46.3259422,23.2024052,1986m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m5!3m4!1s0x4749335e58fe877f:0x883a3e3ec5d25d8a!8m2!3d46.3299984!4d23.2042788 ) it is on google maps . 
  thanks , trump !, 
  the article says the contrary .
