  a loan . 
  so those 23.7 bn euros are fake money ? 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  these are official government figures , bro . 
  not some random blogpost article that interprets lent money as deficit . 
  you 're ignoring official figures and pushing forward blog posts as `` evidence '' . 
  you 're delusional . 
  any growth is good when you were previously having a deficit . 
  you 're part of the ever dissatisfied people aka haters . 
  you 're constantly mad because the economy is either in decline , or it 's growing but not fast enough . 
  how fast is fast enough for you ? 
  and how do you justify that answer ? 
  the fact is you ca n't answer these 2 questions because they 're besides the point . 
  the point is you do n't know why you are mad . 
  you 're frustrated because of your own personal failures and you try to blame everyone but yourself . 
   italy is a stagnating economy and we 're gon na be fucked if we do n't do something . 
  italy is n't stagnating . 
  it 's been steadily growing since 2014 . https://tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-per-capita-ppp, 
   i mind how do they behave . 
  i will not tolerate religious conservatism , bigotry , laziness , lack of will to educate oneself , entitlement attitude and disrespect to women and lgbt people . 
  great . 
  but why do you assume that all of them are like this ? 
  official reports show that only a minority of migrants ( around 1 % ) commit crimes . 
   people displaying such attitudes should not be allowed into europe , and preferably people displaying such attitudes already in europe should be corrected on banished . 
  how do you not allow someone entry because of crimes they have n't yet committed ? 
  or , are you claiming that all of them commit crimes ? 
   income is also commonly adjusted to the purchasing power . 
  as it should be . 
  gdp adjusted for ppp accounts for income and expenses . 
   ... just like here . 
  if i 'm supposed to comment `` the '' statistics or `` the '' reports you should probably first post `` the '' statistics and `` the '' reports . 
  you brought up the criminalistic statistics argument , bro . 
  not me . 
  i already said you moved the goal post by doing that . 
  thanks for admitting to it . 
   you are n't all for crime prevention for as long as you 're whitewashing the stats with this idiotic logic with the absolute numbers and ignoring statistically worse offenders . 
  i 'm not whitewashng anything . 
  i never said crime is not a problem . 
  my point is that germans commit far more crimes , yet people ignore them while focusing on the lesser number of crimes that are being committed by afghans . 
  you 're the one whitewashing hundreds of crimes because they are not committed by middle eastern immigrants . 
  that 's prejudice . 
  that 's xenophobia . 
   i 'm wo n't answer your flawed question based on your false interpretation of ths stats do you deny the fact that german immigrants commit more crimes than afghans refugees in austria ? 
  you ca n't answer it because you already admitted that germans commit more crimes than afghans . 
  you 're the one whitewashing this fact with relative statistics . 
   the real question is why do you keep ignoring the proportionality ? 
  i 'm not ignoring it , bro . 
  i said that you 're making it a larger problem than it actually is because afghans are n't the only ones making crimes . 
  you admitted that they amount to 8.6 % of total crimes . 
  my point is that the other 91,4 % are more important . 
  you should n't ignore asylum seekers that make crimes , but you should n't exaggerate their numbers either . 
   your braindead logic . 
  it 's clear that you can not have a civil discussion . 
   okay , so you do concede the experience has been a negative one for the host countries . 
  my point is that there are bigger problems that are being ignored . 
  in austria , for example , german immigrants commit far more crimes than immigrants from the middle east . 
  do people consider this a problem ? 
  do people consider them a `` negative experience for the host country '' ? 
  no , they do n't . 
  so , why do far less crimes make for a bigger problem ? 
  why are bigger problems being ignored ? 
   on just one thing . 
  when it starts to come to trade it 'll be a whole different story . 
  you know this how ? 
  can you predict the future ? 
  when it comes to everything , not just trade , things are negotiated from the uk - eu perspective . 
  there will be no preferential agreements with any eu member . 
  the uk is negotiating with the eu as a whole on all things that involve brexit . 
   so your claim of the uk not having anything yet is just opinion pulled out of your arse . 
  no , dude . 
  it 's fact . 
  it 's been months now and the uk has not made any progress . 
  they lost their parliament majority and are trying to form a new one with a party that believes in banning abortions , are anti-gay , deny climate change , believe in creationism and openly oppose the tory agenda . 
  it 's a huge cluster-fuck . 
  and it 's not my opinion . 
  those are facts . 
  the uk is slowly becoming the clown of europe . 
  they recently made mandatory id checks for watching online porn that will be active starting with 2018 . 
  strong and stable !, 
   you have not demonstrated that you know anything bro , did you read any of the above articles i mentioned ? 
  ignoring them does n't make them go away . 
  this discussion is over . 
   can you answer the question now ? 
  or are you afraid of becoming xenophobic ? 
  i do n't know why you 're fixated on this . 
  the question is irrelevant because nobody asks you how educated you are when you enter a country as a refugee . 
  why ? 
  because it 's illegal to do so . 
  the german constitution allows refuge to all those who seek it regardless of how educated they are . 
  this is how you fight terrorism . 
  this is how you fix the immigrant problem . 
  your move , eu . 
  these are quickly turning into the great socialist hero stories from cold war era communist russia . 
   we 've been doing slightly better in this last 2-3 years , but our recover is still extremely slow . 
  that 's nitpicking , bro . 
  one could argue that stability is good . 
  accelerated growth is volatile . 
  if goes up today and down tomorrow . 
  stable and predictable economies are those that succeed . 
  this has been the eu plan all along .
