  your very reasoning is copy paste from the very same tabloids . 
  `` piss off '' and `` a small-minded blithering idiot '' are also not usually found on respected news reports . 
   are you even trying to make sense or did you read the article ? 
  you should read the article before commenting . 
   nah you just act like a passive aggressive cunt would answering an insult with another insult have been better ? 
  sorry , but i do n't do that . 
  i also do n't like insults . 
  so here you go . 
   but it does n't mean that they thought the eu would crash and burn , which is the comment i originally replied to . 
  it means they did n't care , which is arguably worse . 
  the voting majority decides . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
   i 'm not forgetting them . 
  they did n't vote to leave . 
  those that do not vote allow the majority to become a majority and win . 
  every vote counts . 
  especially when it 's a marginal majority that wins . 
   that will affect those of us who chose to remain though . 
  and those that did n't bother to vote . 
  that 's how democracy works , unfortunately . 
  you 're not the only ones suffering because a marginal majority made a bad decision . 
  this should be and already is a lesson for everyone . 
   wrong . 
  we eat cold pasta salad . 
  yeah , but the salad makes all the difference . 
  those are pretty much the same 3 rephrased reasons . 
   is it not glaringly obvious ... ? 
  you 're literally telling us `` what the uk thinks '' without having any clue what you 're talking about . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it 's about a poll about what the uk thinks of the eu . 
    using tabloid headlines as a basis to your opinion really holds no relevance why ? 
  because you say so ? 
  because people do n't read them ? 
   no mention of research on how much britain hates the rest of europe and/or expects the eu to crumble you can find the research behind the poll by following the source of the poll . 
  the `` eu crumbling '' opinion is not the point of the poll . 
  you can make one yourself if you 're so inclined as long as you properly document it . 
  :d  i 'm redditing at work so i may have missed it , but seeing as it 's what your entire point is based on , please copy and paste the results , or at least give me a direct link to them . 
  you 're supposed to read the article yourself before commenting and not beg others to do it for you . 
   you realize using smiley faces does n't make you sound any less of a dick bag right ? 
  i 'm not sure how that makes me look like a `` dick bag '' , but at least i do n't insult people when i disagree with them . 
   maybe there are other reasons to vote to leave the eu , like not having to deal with this kind of conceited ignorance and condescension i never said that was the only reason , but it was on the top of the list . 
   how arrogant do u have to be to think the only reason that people could ever vote to leave is because they 're an easily swayed bigot who reads the sun or the daily mail ? 
  dude , people voted for trump in the us . 
  :d most people can be easily swayed if you get under their skin and relate to them by feeding their fears and hatreds . 
   or that the absolute extreme viewpoints posted on reddit dot com are an accurate representation of the views of sixty two million people ? 
  on this particular topic the polls seem to agree . 
   bro , no offence but you 're pretty dumb ... do n't be silly . 
  why would someone get offended for being called dumb without any explanation ? 
   the brexit vote proved that people wanted to leave the eu , not that people believed the eu would crash and burn read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6hkvn1/europeans_like_the_eu_more_since_brexit_even_the/diz74xo/ ) . 
   only if you think rabid hatred is the only possible reason someone could want to leave the eu that 's your idea . 
  it 's obviously more about stupidity rather than malice . 
   `` well , it 's not what i wanted , but let 's get on with it and sort it out '' yep . 
  that 's the sound thing to do at this point . 
  but that 's not what the polls are saying . 
  you can both disagree to something you 've already started while also pushing to have it finished . 
   you just indirectly called / r/unitedkingdom representative of the uk , which is hilarious on levels i ca n't quite put into words when i said reddit i did n't specifically reffer to one particular subreddit . 
  we all know there are plenty of echo chambers around , meaning that you probably wo n't see these polls on / r/unitedkingdom . 
    is it really so crazy that you accept there are people who simply disagree with you ? 
  nope . 
  and i respect your opinion . 
  however , it 's not about you . 
  it 's about the majority . 
  and their opinion has already shifted if these polls are to be trusted . 
   which polls ? 
  lol . 
  you did n't even read the article . 
   27 % of the uk population you 're forgetting those that did n't even bother to vote . 
  that 's another lesson to be learned . 
   except that people will probably still feel the need to leave the eu . 
  yep . 
  but less than before . 
  there will always be people using the anti eu rhetoric to further push their own goals . 
  this , however , is getting old really fast by sheer trial and error . 
   even if we do n't leave now , the idea has been put before the public and there will probably always be a subset of people who will wish to leave from now on . 
  that 's why leaving has to happen . 
  because stubborn people never listen to sound advice . 
  they need to feel the burn for themselves and even then they might not be convinced . 
   you are consistently misreading my posts either that , or you 're failing at expressing yourself and your ideas are getting torn down with facts and logic . 
  you literally did not know that eu parliament seats are attributed based on population and not geographic size . 
  what were you saying about ignorance ? 
   the eu price was markedly more expensive . 
  i 've laid this out three times , hopefully this is clear enough for you  so the products have 2 prices , right ? 
  in dollars and euro ? 
  and only americans can buy stuff with dollars because only americans have dollars . 
  is that it ? 
    look up the eu parliament numbers - you are wrong . 
  countries like malta are greatly benefited in the allocation of seats despite having tiny populations . 
   dude , [ malta has 6 seats ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/news/en/press-room/20130610ipr11414/elections-2014-share-out-of-meps-seats-among-28-eu-countries ) . 
  there is n't any other country with less seats . 
  it 's right up there with `` giants '' like luxembourg . 
  both have a population of roughly 0.5 million . 
  i know . 
  they 're huge !, 
  / s  something can be a big fat mess and also be overall beneficial . 
  you should frame this and hang it over your desk . 
   they did n't think it would crash and burn read [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6hkvn1/europeans_like_the_eu_more_since_brexit_even_the/diz74xo/ ) . 
   the over regulation and restriction of national economies has directly hampered their attempts to recover . 
  this old story again . 
  even after greece specifically requested 2 bail-outs and failed to make any real progress . 
  and now they 're asking for another one .
