   `` i would not care if all members of < insert religion  would get hit by a bus tomorrow ! '', 
  the same . 
  you could argue it 's incitement to violence , but it 's harder to prove . 
  you can definitely get charged for hate speech for this one because it involves a violent act . 
   so is the statement : `` i think all nazis should drop dead right now '' hate speech ? 
  this is debatable because it 's directed at a group that is illegal in germany and other countries . 
  you 'll probably face no backlash if you posted this is the us . 
  in germany things might be different because over there it 's illegal to even display nazi symbols . 
  i really do n't know what might happen in this case . 
   it is far more serious when a government removes or retards the peoples ' right to free expression then if some private website does it . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  that 's not the goal here . 
  the goal is to uphold real life laws on the internet . 
   `` in a lively democracy , freedom of speech can also protect repugnant and ugly statements - even a lie can be covered by freedom of speech , '' said maas . 
  `` but freedom of speech ends where the law begins . 
  ** there should be just as little room for incitement and slander on social networks as on the street . 
  ** '' ...  is there a limit to how often i can insult christian creationists , perhaps on a `` per year '' basis ? 
  there is no clearly defined limit because it depends on other factors as well . 
  if you were to insult someone in public , the number would be way smaller before action is taken . 
  that 's the purpose of these laws . 
  people think that actions on the internet are free of consequence . 
  this is false . 
  the only difference is that actions on the internet usually go unnoticed . 
  and this created the idea that you can say whatever you want , which is false . 
   it is not constructive to paint everyone that supports a person or a cause with the same brush . 
  i do n't think i made that generalization . 
  pardon me if i did and please point it out . 
    many think that dangerous speech should rather be in the open than hidden away where it can stew . 
  it is in the open . 
  news reports do this all the time . 
  we are discussing it right now . 
  when lepen posted those graphic images of the decapitated reporter , it sparked a huge uproar . 
  the images , however , bear no significance to the discussion and , as a result , no serious news outlet posted them . 
  ** you can talk about hate speech without actually promoting it . 
  **  a nazi parade , with ss uniforms and swastika flags flying high . 
  how about holocaust deniers ? 
  that usually goes along with the nazi parade . 
  these parades are banned not because of their symbolism , but because of the ideas they spread . 
  things like holocaust denial and antisemitism . 
  are you ok with antisemitism ? 
  nazis are usually ok with it . 
  you can teach people about these things without promoting them . 
  germany actually teaches kids from a very young age about what happened in ww2 . 
  they are not proud of their nazi history . 
   any comment that is not directly calling for violence against another person or group , including `` i think all < insert x  should die '' . 
  even though that comment does not directly call for violence , others would disagree . 
  there are precedents to this . 
  nazi propaganda used similar indirect messages to promote antisemitism at the start of ww2 . 
   i really like the american take on speech ; look at the westboro baptist church and what they are allowed to get away with . 
  you may suddenly change your opinion after you 're [ harassed ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2jt9q1/exscientology_member_ambushed_and_harassed_by/ ) by sudo-religious groups like the church of scientology . 
  also , you 're misinterpreting freedom of speech in america . 
   congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion , or prohibiting the free exercise thereof ; or abridging the freedom of speech , or of the press ; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble , and to petition the government for a redress of grievances . 
  that 's the first amendment to the us constitution . 
  [ no , there 's no `` hate speech '' exception to the first amendment ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/volokh-conspiracy/wp/2015/05/07/no-theres-no-hate-speech-exception-to-the-first-amendment/ )  for instance , there is an exception for `` fighting words '' -- face-to-face personal insults addressed to a specific person , of the sort that are likely to start an immediate fight . 
   the same is true of the other narrow exceptions , such as for true threats of illegal conduct or incitement intended to and likely to produce imminent illegal conduct ( i.e. , illegal conduct in the next few hours or maybe days , as opposed to some illegal conduct some time in the future ) . 
  indeed , threatening to kill someone because he 's black ( or white ) , or intentionally inciting someone to a likely and immediate attack on someone because he 's muslim ( or christian or jewish ) , can be made a crime . 
  this is the us interpretation of free speech . 
  harassment is not free speech . 
   finally , `` hostile environment harassment law '' has sometimes been read as applying civil liability -- or administrative discipline by universities -- to allegedly bigoted speech in workplaces , universities , and places of public accommodation . 
  there is a hot debate on whether those restrictions are indeed constitutional ; they have generally been held unconstitutional when applied to universities , but decisions are mixed as to civil liability based on speech that creates hostile environments in workplaces ...  i do not want to live in a world where anyone is allowed to call me a criminal , or harass me on the basis of free speech because that goes against my basic right of equality and dignity . 
  you will never understand this until someone harasses you publicly without having any means to fight back . 
   you ca n't just compare the performance of two completely different systems and then expect them to perform similarly . 
  there was no mention that the systems were expected to perform similarly . 
  you made this up yourself . 
  that was mentioned to prove that twitter and facebook have a serious problem that needs to be solved . 
  seriously , bro , you 're grasping for straws . 
  badly . 
  you 're literally arguing about semantics right now . 
  focus on the discussion . 
   you would have similar numbers as facebook and twitter if youtube 's comment section was not curated by the people running the actual channels . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  that twitter and facebook have failed in moderating the content people post . 
  they have failed in providing tools for the community to moderate itself . 
   you ca n't have a system like that on twitter or facebook , because it goes against the entire point of those services . 
  that 's not what he said . 
  as i said before , the discussion about this is still open and there are no technical details as to how this will be achieved . 
  the purpose of that statement was to show how facebook and twitter have failed at something that even youtube does a better job at . 
  there was no reference to the actual systems being used . 
  read the article . 
   the minister backed up his statement with the results of a test , also published on tuesday , which showed that social media sites were ** still failing ** to delete hate speech content in germany . 
  please stop assuming things and focus on the topic at hand . 
   it 's better for the company to do it in a safe way and just delete the comment seriously , who are you to decide how a company will do its business ? 
  who are you to even assume how a company will do these things ? 
  you literally have no authority or technical knowledge to even discuss these things . 
  all of your statements are based on suppositions . 
  on `` what ifs '' and `` maybes '' . 
  sorry for saying this , but the fact is you do n't know shit about how these companies operate internally . 
  neither do i. 
  that 's why i do n't speculate on how they do it . 
  the test the minister showed is referring only to the performance of the systems these companies have in place . 
  and the results are disastrous . 
   it 's only a huge assumption to those that have not been using the internet for long or have always been blind to what goes on . 
  again . 
  you do n't know how they work . 
  neither do i. 
  after you click `` report '' on facebook or twitter , you do n't know what happens . 
  your `` brigading '' assumption is based on the upvote/downvote systems reddit has . 
  this has nothing to do with how twitter and facebook operate on their reports because you do n't know how they operate . 
  also , about brigading : this can be easily mitigated if each erroneous report lowers the weight of future reports made by that user . 
  if you intentionally flag a post and it turns out it 's a false positive , your reporting powers will be severely diminished so that your future reports wo n't be worth as much .
