   i 'd never fly with an airline that screens passengers for bombs or weapons after the plane has taken off . 
  screening takes place at point of entry for a reason . 
  what exactly did he mean by that ? 
  remember that he said this in the context of the refugee crisis discussion and after claiming that no screenings are being made . 
  he 's either trying to blame the countries of origin , as if those countries willingly sent these people ( they did n't , they were smuggled there illegally ) , or the german officials . 
  so the germans officials are to blame because the immigrants were not screened by their country of origin because they were smuggled there illegally by people smugglers via ships and buses ? 
  i provided this article about the border checks in germany , but you ignored it . 
  [ germany keeps border checks in place ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/547c69c8-1767-11e6-b8d5-4c1fcdbe169f?mhq5j=e2 ) here 's another one on the same topic . 
  [ germany announces indefinite border checks ] ( https://euobserver.com/migration/131936 ) but , please , tell us more about `` that guy you know '' . 
   i know people who have this job in another eu country . 
  do you ? 
  `` i know a guy . '', 
  is this really your only argument ? 
   ) in another eu country ? 
  really ? 
  so germany does n't do anything to guard its borders because you `` know people who have this job in another eu country '' ? 
  case closed , people . 
  he knows a guy . 
   the only ones who are arrested are those stupid enough to not delete their facebook pictures where they pose with machine guns . 
  then they only get rejected if it is proven that they actually joined isis or al nusra . 
  do you work for the german government ? 
  i 'm asking because i think you have no idea about what you 're talking about and you 're just pulling things out of your ass . 
   i 'd never fly with an airline that screens passengers for bombs or weapons after the plane has taken off . 
  are you saying that those 1 million people flew to germany ? 
  seriously ? 
  refugees ca n't afford planes . 
  they primarily come crammed onto boats and buses that are run by people smugglers . 
  people smugglers do n't make screenings . 
  that 's why this thing is illegal . 
  they take your life savings and put you on a boat crammed with people . 
  you 're lucky if you survive the trip . 
  you have no idea about what you 're talking . 
  you have this illusion that they arrive by plane while being served cold beverages and sandwiches . 
  this is far from the truth . 
   which part is exaggerated ? 
  the  virtually no background checks were made on the 1m people that 's false . 
  there are plenty of checks being made . 
  https://www.ft.com/content/547c69c8-1767-11e6-b8d5-4c1fcdbe169f?mhq5j=e2 you just do n't hear about them . 
  but you do ignore reports of some of them being arrested for links to terrorism . 
  how do you think these arrests are made ? 
  they do n't just pick random people from that 1 million . 
  you never hear or read news reports about the government doing its job . 
  you only hear about the immigrants that commit crimes , even though there are plenty more people that commit the same crimes . 
  and the 1 million people did n't enter at the same time . 
  you 're making it sound like they all entered on the same day while someone left the door open . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  you 're spreading fear and misinformation . 
  tight border checks have been in place since at least 2015 . 
   yet 1 million people entered the country with virtually no checks at all you 're exaggerating and you know it . 
  most of them did n't come with laptops or suitcases . 
  most of them came with only the clothes on their backs . 
  they sometimes lost relatives on the way there . 
  also , what background checks can you do ? 
  these people have little education and sometimes they do n't even officially exist . 
  you 're also ignoring the hundreds that have been arrested in the `` background '' by security services for links to terrorism . 
  this means that a lot of work is being done behind the scenes to screen them . 
   with the huge focus on knife crime , street gangs have decided to adopt acid the weapon of choice . 
  it would have made much more sense to say this at the beginning since people immediately associate it with immigrants . 
   how exactly is that me ` defending ' an idea ? 
  what ` idea ' and ` i ' defending exactly ? 
  with regards to acid attacks , you said that  now it seems people from all backgrounds are using it . 
  ** i think it was unheard of in the uk a decade ago . 
  ** what 's the point of that statement other than trying to establish a correlation ? 
   the european community has proven unable to deal with unforeseen crisis . 
  we failed during the balkan wars , during the financial collapse and now during the migration waves . 
  the balkan wars from 1912 and 1913 when the eu did n't even exist ? 
  the financial crisis from 2008 that affected and took by surprise the entire planet ? 
  the one that started in the us ? 
   not quite sure why you quoted me in your strawman post then . 
  i never said that you are blaming immigrants . 
  i said that you 're defending an idea based on a correlation while others use it to establish causation . 
  both of these things are wrong . 
  correlation does n't imply causation . 
  you need proof for causation and there is n't any proof . 
  people are blaming immigrants based only on correlation . 
  it 's also a very weak correlation because the last attack was by a white uk male . 
   stating an informal fallacy is n't some kind of trump card that de facto wins an argument . 
  you also have to argue why it applies to the argument the other person is making in a convincing way , else it 's utterly meaningless . 
  ok . you made a correlation between middle eastern immigrants and the predominate use of acid in violent attacks then used this correlation to state that there 's a high chance that the attackers were middle eastern immigrants . 
  what 's my argument ? 
  the fact that there is no evidence to support this . 
  the fact that other acid attacks were not perpetrated by immigrants . 
  the lat one was by a white uk male and it was aimed at immigrants just like this one . 
  if you 're to judge by correlations , you can say that it 's likely the attacks are ethnic related or they are n't and the purpose was to steal the bike just how the police already said . 
  but , hey , let 's ignore the facts and cherry pick only the ideas that are unproven which also fit my xenophobic agenda . 
  / s this is why correlation never implies causation . 
  because it takes just one case to prove it wrong . 
  and that case already happened more than once , but you 're ignoring it because it does n't fit your agenda . 
  it 's pathetic . 
   i did n't know trump spent several decades in climate research ... 
  he did n't . 
  but he 's got several `` experts '' that have been paid skeptics for ages . 
  one of them is leading the epa . 
  and remember that the us just withdrawed from the paris climate change agreement . 
  peanuts , right ? 
   the author did spent decades working with refugees , and is right now working in the city and country of which she writes . 
  you would think that after all of these decades of work she 'd manage to put together a much more convincing argument than some emotion filled descriptions of immigrant camps . 
  please remember that i 'm not saying that what she describes does n't happen . 
  it does happen . 
  people can be really shitty and can turn even against the hand that feeds them .
