  what are you talking about ? 
  be specific . 
  you 're spouting platitudes . 
  you have no arguments , only vague attacks at myself . 
  that 's very low effort , bro . 
   standard apologetics that have been debunked a million times . 
  tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  great logic , bro . 
   ( which is a bullshit excuse for arrest but my point is , they are not being choosen randomly ) . 
  of course they are not chosen randomly . 
  they only choose that oppose erdogan and replace them with loyalists . 
  [ teachers asked political questions in job interviews following purge ] ( https://www.turkishminute.com/2016/10/01/teachers-asked-political-questions-job-interviews-following-purge/ )  and yes , he is using this `` coup '' to cleanse all opposition . 
  just last week , 900 judges were appointed , 800 were akp members . 
  and you 're ok with this ? 
   it is derived from the religious precepts of islam , particularly the quran and the hadith . 
   it is derived from the religious precepts of islam , particularly the quran and the hadith . 
   the incoming agreement between the eu and canada reduces barriers in a lot of areas , but it obviously does n't remove every single barrier . 
  the uk is n't ok with what canada is ok . 
  the uk only wants free trade . 
  it does n't want freedom of movement . 
  and the eu is n't ok with that . 
   no , i do n't . 
  because i was not alive then . 
  those who do not remember history are doomed to repeat it . 
   what i do know is that i 'm living in the era where we humans are supposed to be more educated , understanding and all around rise above than our ancestors . 
  i completely agree . 
  that 's why we should be helping those that are behind instead of ostracizing them . 
  by doing that you 're only dismissing any progress they are making . 
  you do n't bully a bully to quit bullying . 
   also while you like bring up the crusades so much , do remember that at that time the muslims at the same era were at least equally barbaric . 
  i never said they were n't . 
  on the contrary , i said that all religions have extremist interpretations . 
   who is saying this ? 
  i have heard the exact opposite . 
  i 've had dozens of such discussions with people here . 
  and all of them call it a `` fake meme '' . 
   however the uk does not have to accept freedom of movement if they sign a fta with the eu . 
  the official eu position on this says otherwise . 
  [ juncker tells uk : no single market without freedom of movement ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/juncker-tells-uk-no-single-market-without-freedom-of-movement/ )  he said the eu would not grant ** tariff-free ** access to the internal market for uk goods and services if britain did not accept free movement of workers from within the eu . 
   virtually all other religions managed to modernise , except islam you 're confusing sharia law governments in the middle east with islam . 
  sharia law is an extremist islam interpretation used by totalitarian governments to control middle eastern countries . 
  you 're also forgetting the millions of peaceful muslims that live all over the western world . 
   it is not difficult to see the reason why islam is on such a radically different trajectory if one actually reads its source texts . 
  `` if one actually reads its source texts '' , one will see that those extreme interpretations are nowhere to be found and are just extreme interpretations . 
   should they be thanked for not doing that ? 
  what 's the point of you asking this ? 
   they are not entitled to being accepted to a foreign country at all that 's your opinion and not a fact . 
  each country has different immigration policies . 
  i 'm not against immigration policies . 
   german government you mean , the people are not so enthused . 
  merkel , although critized for her immigration policy , is still hugely popular . 
  the german government has had a budget surplus for the last 3 years . 
  [ german budget surplus soars as economy motors ahead ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-economy-gdp-iduskbn1620l3 )  germany has been running a surplus for three years . 
  soaring tax revenues , rising employment and low debt costs helped drive the gap higher to 23.7 billion euros ( $ 25 billion ) in 2016 . 
  all of this despite them taking in the most refugees in all of the eu . 
   do n't give them the ammunition , represent your people in all the policies , including immigration . 
  i agree . 
  immigration policy should be and actually is up to each country . 
   besides , macron came out saying that he wants to push for sanctions on poland and hungary for not admitting enough refugees , among other things , so these countries are getting coerced into this . 
  the eu has tried this before and failed . 
  no country has been sanctioned for not taking refugees . 
  this is unlikely to happen . 
  especially now that isis is almost defeated and the war in siria is slowing down . 
  true . 
  but you ca n't count a 50 % reduction in taxes as `` free trade '' . 
  high tax reductions come with the price of freedom of movement . 
   do you remember why the first crusade happened ? 
  religious extremism that got retribution from more religious extremism ? 
  this only proves my point that all religions have extremist interpretations . 
   you are so stupid my head hurts i 'm sorry about your head . 
  why are you insulting me ? 
  i never insulted you . 
   the official position of the religion outlined through the quran is that death is the sentence for apostasy this is false . 
  [ this was a bold claim , because unlike the bible , there is no mention of apostasy laws in the koran . 
  ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/kashif-n-chaudhry/does-the-koran-endorse-ap_b_5539236.html )  just look at this poll that shows how many muslims believe sharia law should be the law of the land ( sharia contains within it the punishment of death for apostasy ) first of all , sharia is an extremist interpretation of islam . 
  secondly , from your own article  muslims differ widely as to whether sharia should be open to multiple understandings . 
  while many say there is only one true interpretation , substantial percentages in most countries either say there are multiple interpretations or say they do not know . 
  this only proves my point that all religions have extremist interpretations . 
   i do n't think these millions of muslims that support sharia are all jihadis , but they ( those who support sharia law ) almost certainly all believe in death for apostasy if you remember that sharia is an extreme interpretation , then i can agree with this . 
  you also need to remember that there are lots of totalitarian states . 
  some of them use religious extremism as a tool to control people in impoverished and uneducated countries . 
  the same thing was true with christianity in the middle ages . 
  it 's all about poverty and the lack of education . 
  there are millions of educated muslims living in the west that have no extremism beliefs . 
   free trade is a buzzword , it means whatever the user of the word wants to . 
  it actually means very low or no taxes . 
   freedom of movement is only necessary for common markets such as eu or interstate trade in us or inter-province in canada . 
  / u/trolls _ brigade is clearly the authority on the matter and we should all take his word for it . 
   no one brought up `` all muslims '' being anything , least of all terrorists , except you the previous top comment literally said that  leaving islam is a death sentence so yeah what do you expect . 
  that 's a false generalization because not all muslims are extremist jihadists . 
  but ... his emails ... 
   where have we seen these tactics before i wonder . 
  in kremlin 's newsletter . 
   you 've managed all 3 cliches that people defend islam with , well done are you trying to say that an idea is false just because other people share it ? 
  ** are you seriously saying that all muslims are terrorists ? 
  ** bro , this is the cliche . 
   no mate , some religions have , like islam , some had , like catholicism . 
  how about jehovah 's witnesses ? 
  they openly forbid people from get blood transfusions and other life saving medical procedures . 
  and how about jews ?
