  that 's one dimensional , bro . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  it 's a shitty gray . 
  and the uk is accusing others instead of recognizing the issues and trying to fix them . 
  that 's also very one dimensional . 
   hes accusing the eu of stoking nationalism in the roi by interpreting the eus formal reassurances towards the ni which is welcomed to join should they ever want to . 
  that 's like reassuring an abused wife that she can leave without having to worry about the future . 
  it 's entirely different from actually asking ni to leave . 
  farage is spouting bullshit anti eu propaganda as he always does . 
  he 's butthurt that ni voted to remain . 
   they were anti-irish too . 
  obviously . 
  there are always 2 extremes . 
   no , the anti irish violences from the last 40 + years speak for themselves . 
  while the entire thing speaks volumes about the toxic relationship between the uk and ni . 
  if they were best buddies , they would n't be fighting . 
  this only confirms that farage spoke nothing but bullshit . 
  also , brexit is not over . 
  ni is rightfully reluctant to not take a stand yet . 
   you speak for n.i now ? 
  the anti uk violences from the last 40 + years speak for themselves . 
   the fact that the eu vindicates the irish nationalists can be seen as provocative . 
  that 's not a fact . 
  that 's farage 's bullshit interpretation . 
   if they were apart of the republic , it would be the same toxic relationship in reverse . 
  you speak for ni now ? 
   and it 's your point of view that we 're the abusive ones to n.i. 
  it 's nis point of view that the uk is being abusive towards them . 
   there was no violence ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles there was no violence to prove that the eu is stoking irish nationalism . 
  farage is full of shit . 
  what you posted above only proves that ni believes it 's in a toxic relationship with the uk . 
   which is why ni will chose not to remain in the eu , because to be in the eu would require it to leave the uk and polls show that massively takes priority for the majority of people there . 
  it 's entirely their choice . 
  we 'll see how things progress . 
  ni is rightfully reluctant to take a stand until brexit is over . 
   but we just left one . 
  that 's your point of view . 
   and even a nod can stoke the flames of nationalism because there has been a lot of violence in the past over this issue . 
  i 'm calling bullshit on this one . 
  there 's been no violence . 
  only uks cunt flapping in the wind . 
  [ brexit : northern ireland ` can leave the uk for europe ' ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/brexit-northern-ireland-can-leave-the-uk-for-europe-1-4405012 )  under the terms of the good friday agreement of 1998 , the british government is legally obliged to offer irish voters a reunification poll should there be clear evidence of public support for the plan . 
   in the referendum last june , ** 56 per cent of voters in northern ireland voted to remain within the eu ** . 
  the only way for ni to remain in the eu is to leave the uk since the uk is leaving the eu . 
  and it 's an insult when cunts like farage accuse others of `` stoking '' your nationalism . 
   also would you consider it a bitch move from the eu to leak personal talks this early , great way to start things . 
  would you consider it a bitch move to accuse someone of doing something without having proof ? 
  i would . 
   the uk and ireland have its own passport free travel agreement , i can go to ireland with just my normal id , so why cant that continue ? 
  because the eu are a cunt of sour bitches . 
  dude , you 're overreacting . 
  the eu is n't invading ni and it is n't forcing ni to do anything . 
  these are all baseless accusations made by farage and the uk government , none of which said how exactly the eu is stoking irish nationalism . 
  they 'll be bringing up soros next . 
   why ca n't the reverse be true so that gibraltar remains while britain leaves ? 
  that 's all i 'm asking . 
  ok , this is more clear . 
  the eu wo n't allow gibraltar to enter the eu because the uk will use it as a free trade proxy with the eu . 
  the uk already uses gibraltar as a tax haven . 
  [ spain wo n't allow gibraltar to exercise `` unfair competition '' after brexit ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2017/05/03/inenglish/1493797850_570887.html ) gibraltar is a tax haven for the uk . 
  it 's under strict control by the uk . 
  the eu wo n't allow gibraltar to enter the eu because the uk will use it as a free trade proxy with the eu . 
   i am aware of the exact constitutional status of the bots , hence `` territories of the uk '' rather than parts of . 
  this has no bearing on my question though . 
  what question ? 
  you asked why ca n't gibraltar and ni be part of the eu and you got your answer . 
  ni is part of the uk . 
  if the uk is leaving , so are they . 
  gibraltar is n't . 
  the eu wo n't allow gibraltar to enter the eu because the uk will use it as a free trade proxy with the eu . 
   firstly northern ireland isnt ` territories ' of the uk  it is part of the uk exactly . 
  that 's why the uk is all agitated . 
  because ni and gibraltar voted to stay . 
   and of course gibraltar wanted to stay , they predicted how much of bitch spain can be and will be in the future . 
  so gibraltar wanted to stay in the eu with spain because spain is a bitch ? 
  nice logic you got there , bro . 
   do you realize there 's more than one political party in any given country ? 
  some politicians can conspire with soros , while others against him . 
  others might not play this game at all . 
  and even in the same party some people can be bribed , while others might be clean . 
  so you 're basically saying it 's all bullshit . 
   proof of what ? 
  i did n't make any claims . 
  so we agree that you were spouting bullshit . 
  cool . 
   once again , you can bribe some politicians , while not bribing others . 
  is this really that hard to understand ? 
  without proof , yes . 
  it 's very hard to understand . 
  without proof it 's bullshit . 
   ca n't you think in a bit more nuanced ways than either `` nobody bribed anyone ever '' or `` everybody is bribed by the same person '' ? 
  so every time a government somewhere fucks up , we 're supposed to ask ourselves if soros bribed them ? 
  really ? 
  i 'm sorry , bro , but you 're being delusional . 
  people have asked these questions and they came up empty because there 's no proof to prove that soros bribed any government . 
  and since you like questions , here 's one for you . 
  do you really think soros could get away with bribing entire governments without getting caught ? 
  without getting denounced by anyone whom he bribed ? 
  without leaving behind any evidence ?
