  they openly perform genital mutilation on young males because of tradition . 
  these are all backwards practices that exist in modern day religions . 
  they are largely ignored even though some of them actually get people killed . 
  people also ignore neo nazy and alt right groups that are increasingly more popular because of xenophobia . 
  they even hate jews . 
  this is literally history repeating itself . 
   however when they 're bringing their problems like crimes , whether poverty or religion based it 's are uneccaptable . 
  these crimes you 're talking about are highly over-rated . 
  the crimes go both ways from non muslims also . 
  they go unreported because people like you want to read about muslims committing crimes . 
   why should n't christians ( well , and non-christians too ) resist now , when the tables have turned ? 
  are you trying to say that muslims are burning and pillaging entire cities to the ground ? 
  there a big difference between resisting foreign cultural influences and outright ostracizing all foreigners . 
  that 's called xenophobia . 
   but welcoming culturally incompatible people with open arms seems like a really counter-intuitive reaction to me i 'm all for immigration policy as long as it respects basic human rights . 
   let those who are willing to do so do what they want , but not drag everyone into this . 
  nobody is dragging you into anything . 
  each country that accepted immigrants did so out of their own accord . 
  germany was more open to the idea , while the uk outright rejects it . 
  germany is actually doing fine . 
  each country chooses its own immigration policy . 
  the problem is that the current wave of populist politicians have weaponized fear and hate towards immigrants because they literally have no plan to improve things in their countries . 
  so they blame it all on immigrants . 
  if this was n't used across centuries by almost all dictatorships , you might be understandably skeptical . 
  but it 's glaringly obvious : immigrants are not to blame for everything . 
  most problems that western countries face today have existed long before the immigrant crisis . 
  people just do n't remember it . 
   so when are the romans coming to invade britain ? 
  it 's not the romans they should be worried about . 
  uk 's problem is fake news powered populism . 
  france and the us have the same problem . 
  that and ww2 era xenophobia . 
   technically if you wan na talk about crusades you have to talk about jihad in iberia and greece and balkans that happened before and during crusades period . 
  this only proves my point that all religions have their own extreme interpretations . 
   anyway crusades happened ~ 600 years ago . 
  exactly . 
  the western world has evolved economically while the middle east is still struggling with severe poverty . 
  these countries are literally governed by jihadist extremists . 
  you are literally condemning entire countries for being poor and uneducated . 
  that 's not cool because some people over there are actually trying to change things . 
  you 're undermining their efforts when you generalize by saying that all muslims are terrorists . 
  this is simply not true . 
  i 'm all for immigration policy , but these stereotypes are n't helping anyone . 
   freedom of movement is the ability of someone in one eu country to move to another permanently without a visa . 
  are you trying to say that freedom of movement was invented by and is exclusive to the eu ? 
  this is not a black and white issue . 
  things vary even within the eu . 
  you ca n't expect to move to waltz in in any eu country and stay there indefinitely . 
  each country has different immigration policies . 
  here 's an [ official eu video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4qz4yqm6nxm ) that briefly explains it . 
   ** you can stay in any eu country for up to 3 months . 
  ** if you decide to stay permanently , you need to register as a resident . 
  the requirements differ depending on the country and on the reason for your stay . 
  it 's not all black and white as you claim . 
  also , ceta 's free trade is not the same as eu internal free trade . 
  ceta is a separate deal with canada because canada is not an eu member . 
   i do n't think the u.k. is going to deny eu citizens from temporarily going to the u.k. 
  your opinion is not fact . 
  denying freedom of movement was one of the key reasons of why the uk left the eu . 
   there is a difference between a few criminals who are pretty much despised by the entirety of catholics , and the majority of people in some countries supporting death penalty for what is essentially a thought crime , and you know it . 
  christianity used to burn people alive for witchcraft not that long ago . 
  the middle east has big poverty and education issues . 
  these are directly linked to radical religious views . 
  people should try and help them instead of marginalizing all muslims . 
   they can be easily manipulated by our superior western powers into believing whatever we want them to believe using the magical powers of tolerance and democracy you 're being condescending . 
  this discussion is over . 
   just that it did not mean eu `` freedom of movement '' - a very specific term . 
  true . 
  but canada is not an eu member . 
  it makes no sense to uphold them to the same standards . 
  ceta is a separate deal negotiated between the eu and canada . 
  canada does n't have the same awesome free trade as within the eu . 
  there are various degrees of free trade and free movement . 
  these things are n't just black and white . 
   people from the eu can not stay and work in canada permanently without a visa , unlike with eu `` freedom of movement '' . 
  you ca n't stay in all eu countries permanently . 
  some countries require you to go through various processes and get certain documents . 
  the eu laws are generic and are subject to local immigration policies . 
  you 're generalizing . 
  it 's not all black and white . 
  the catholic church still has problems with pedophile priests . 
  and this happens in modern day western countries . 
  you should n't generalize . 
   remember a thousand years ago ? 
  good times . 
  are you seriously preaching for people to ignore history ? 
  that 's how it ends up repeating itself . 
   many activists that lead those kinds of discussions like ayaan hirsi ali pretty much have to live with fear for the lives forever as soon as they try to promote any kind of modernization . 
  this has n't always been the case . 
  remember the [ iranian revolution ] ( http://www.boredpanda.com/iranian-women-fashion-1970-before-islamic-revolution-iran/ ) ? 
  that happened in the 70s . 
  the middle east used to be more tolerant . 
  but then radical islamist came to power . 
  you 're also forgetting about the millions of muslims that try to fight for change . 
  you 're essentially disregarding their struggle by generalizing . 
  if christianity managed to sort itself out faster , that is not a reason to bully other religions for still having active extreme interpretations . 
  the quran only condones self defense . 
  that 's interpreted by extremists as a holy war against infidels . 
  they are tools for the political ambitions of their leaders . 
  the same thing was true with christianity during the middle ages .
