  there is no unique eu law that applies in the same way in all eu countries . 
   free movement , but bordered police . 
   free movement of workforce , but no uniformed social security you 're essentially complaining about the eu not being a federation while wanting it to be a federation . 
  the eu not being a federation is not a problem . 
  it 's how the eu works . 
  each country has the freedom to implement eu standards however it wants . 
  most western eu countries actually go beyond these standards . 
  the goal is to have a basic playing field for all eu members so that free trade and free movement of peple can operate fairly . 
   the migrant crisis and the meltdown of greece showed how divided and `` everyone for itself '' the eu really is . 
  not all countries can take in immigrants equally because they ca n't afford it . 
  and the problems of greece happened way before they entered the euro zone . 
  [ people always forget about the 2008 financial crisis when blaming the eu and euro for all of their economic misfortunes . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63sr22/people_always_forget_about_the_2008_financial/ ), 
   the funny thing is that you are doing exactly what uber does - argue with technicalities . 
  you ca n't accuse something for something they are not responsible for . 
  ** you ca n't blame tinder for `` unfair competition '' relative to the local brothel . 
  **  what matters is this : these people are offering a taxi-like service and they should be subject to the rules designed for business of this kind . 
  this is false . 
  uber does n't force people to be uber drivers . 
  they did n't hire those drivers . 
  uber is offering a service for people that want to operate as independent taxi drivers using their own cars . 
  it 's entirely different . 
  if the law can not regulate these drivers , make new laws . 
  banning uber means banning progress . 
  uber is n't the only app that does this . 
  it 's the most popular one . 
   the only reason why the laws are directed at taxis rather than the drivers of any kind of service is that the legislators did n't have uber-like companies/cooperations/whatever in mind when they drafted these laws in the first place . 
  so update the laws . 
  do n't ban uber-like services because they operate neither taxis nor taxi drivers . 
   there are also self-employed taxi drivers - but they have to obey said rules . 
  exactly . 
  the drivers need to obey the rules , not uber . 
  you can easily fix this problem by regulating how the drivers operate . 
  ** uber is just a tool they use . 
  ** are you going to ban the internet because people use it to sell and buy drugs ? 
   it really is n't . 
  saying it does n't make it true/false . 
  if you ca n't provide arguments for this analogy , you might as well ignore it . 
   uber is trying very hard to circumvent the implemented rules . 
  what rules ? 
  taxi driver rules ? 
  uber does n't own the cars and it does n't employ the drivers . 
  are you going to ban the internet because drivers use it to get directions via google maps and , therefore , they have an `` unfair advantage '' ? 
  uber is not a taxi service . 
  it 's a tool just like the internet . 
  regulate the drivers . 
  banning the app wo n't solve the problem . 
  it only keeps back progress and it limits the choices of people . 
   already happening . 
  the courts are not making up stuff to ban uber . 
  they attest that uber is n't following existing regulation . 
  uber does n't own the cars and it does n't employ the drivers . 
  the taxi driver rules are not meant for uber . 
  they are meant for taxi drivers . 
  they are incomplete and outdated by how things work . 
  new rules need to be made to regulate all drivers . 
  uber is not a service . 
  it 's just a tool for drivers to get clients . 
  i 'm asking you , not the other commentators . 
   it circumvents laws that are designed to protect the customers and the workers . 
  like safety checks for the cars and the drivers . 
  the cars are not property of uber . 
  the drivers are not uber employees . 
  banning uber is like banning tinder for providing `` unfair competition '' to the local brothel . 
  if you want to regulate the drivers , go ahead . 
  just do n't point the finger at uber for providing a service that bridges the gap between service providers and consumers . 
  that 's all that uber does . 
   since the established taxi drivers actually have to follow the rules and at the same time generate profit ( unlike uber ) , they can not compete with uber . 
  it just is n't possible . 
  so regulate all drivers that provide taxi-like services . 
  ** italy had chosen the lazy solution of banning progress instead of regulating it . 
  if you want to regulate the drivers , go ahead . 
  just do n't ban uber because people actually use it . 
  that 's not unfair competition . 
  that 's the natural evolution of the service . 
  is uber actually the only app in italy that connects drivers with people wanting a car ride ? 
  i highly doubt that . 
  the ban was motivated by `` unfair competition '' . 
  what 's stopping taxi drivers from using a similar app ? 
  heck !, 
  they can also use uber as a driver . 
  anyone can . 
   we either fix the eu soon or watch it explode massively what are the problems that need fixing ? 
   also on thursday , facebook took out full-page ads in germany 's best-selling newspapers to educate readers on how to spot fake news . 
  how about showing those ads on ... you know ... facebook ? 
   why increased scientific mobility has not led to more international collaborations ? 
  money and politics which are related and should n't be . 
  romania single-handedly saved nato while trump takes all the glory . 
  not cool , bro . 
  and erdogan calls the germans nazis ... 
  the hypocrisy is so obvious that nobody is noticing it . 
  this guy always looks like he needs a pair of sunglasses . 
   so the economic growth rate for the european union peaked in june 2015 and has declined a bit since . 
  not exactly spectacular . 
  it 's not supposed to be spectacular . 
  it 's supposed to be stable . 
  and it is . 
   greece , economic growth . 
  dotted lines are imf projections , full line is real development . 
  that 's why they got bailed out twice and are still failing .
