  it 's you that kept talking about this . 
  i only replied to your ideas . 
   this thread is about whether spain 's wishes to change the fiscal structure of the eu are reasonable . 
  i 've already stated my opinion on the matter . 
  here 's hoping they continue to do good and even better . 
   do n't get me wrong , i do n't want anyone to suffer . 
  i 'm just trying to be objective about what happened so that is does n't happen again . 
   a confederation is a union . 
  a union is not a confederation . 
  that 's why the eu is not the same as canada . 
  ** the eu is not a federation . 
  **  in the case of canada , it 's a union of provinces that were previously independent all eu countries are independent and subject to their own laws . 
  eu laws are not mandatory . 
  each country can choose what commitments to uphold . 
  ** comparing the eu to canada is irrelevant because they are different entities . 
  ** thanks for the insults , though . 
  i really appreciate them . 
   i would never call growing 3.2 % year slow . 
  that 's a relative number . 
  you need to remember that they have a lot to recuperate . 
  3.2 % is relative to their current gdp which is n't all that great . 
  it 's awesome that they are doing ok . , 
   frist you say that canada is not a union , now you say the eu is not a federation ... which is it ? 
  neither . 
  canada is not a union , it 's a confederation . 
  it 's a country . 
  the eu is n't a federation ; it 's not a country ; it 's a union of states . 
  comparing canada and the eu is completely irrelevant . 
  in your own words , `` b\u0103 tu chiar e\u0219ti prost '' , since you say that 's not an insult . 
   whether it is officially called `` federal '' or not is irrelevant to this discussion . 
  it is . 
  someone compared the eu to america and canada . 
  the eu is not the same as the us or canada . 
  comparing them is irrelevant . 
   he was n't talking about the uk in relation to the eu , he was using the relationship between countries within the united kingdom to contrast against the relationship of countries within the eu . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  so england is ok with helping ireland & friends , but it 's not ok with helping the eu even though the whole uk profits from the eu . 
  that 's a double standard and extremely hypocritical . 
   apples ? 
  it 's an expression . 
  american . 
  look it up . 
   both canada and the usa are federal unions of states or provinces ** the eu is not a federation . 
  the referendum only has a consultancy value . 
  the government is the one that ultimately decides . 
  people do n't have to agree with the majority . 
  that 's how democracy works , actually . 
  ** democracy happens when people fight for the right of others to disagree with them . 
  paid for using eu money . 
  that 's the supreme irony . 
   the us bank said earlier this month that dublin would be used as one of three main bases in the eu from which it will carry out the activities it used to carry out in london . 
   earlier this month , the bank warned it might have to move staff -- possibly as many as 1,000 from the city of london -- as a result of brexit . 
  at the time daniel pinto , jp morgan 's head of investment banking , said : `` we are going to use the three banks we already have in europe as the anchors for our operations ... we will have to move hundreds of people in the short term to be ready for day one , when negotiations finish , and then we will look at the longer-term numbers . '', 
   i ca n't speak for other countries , but it absolutely did happen in the eu . 
  people lost their homes in spain , and it is still happening . 
  spain had its own housing bubble from before 2008 . 
  it burst when the 2008 crisis happened . 
  [ spanish property bubble ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_property_bubble )  coinciding with the financial crisis of 2007 -- 08 , prices began to fall . 
  the two coincided and amplified the consequences . 
  the funny part is that those signs are payed for using eu money . 
   as if the young bulgarians needed more reasons to ~ ~ immigrate ~ ~ ** emigrate ** . 
  fixed . 
   not that if they want workers from other countries they have to be part of the single market the uk does n't like immigrants . 
  that 's one of the main reasons behind brexit . 
   italy is stagnated italy actually has [ a positive gdp growth rate ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/italy/gdp-growth ) . 
  it 's not huge , but it 's not stagnating . 
   spain is growing stronger than most of the eu this is true , but that 's because they have a lot to recover . 
  bailouts never work . 
  they create even more problems on the long run . 
   printing money is what saved the world from the 2008 crisis . 
  so the eurozone countries saved themselves from the 2008 crisis by printing more euros ? 
  is n't everyone saying that eurozone countries can not print more money ? 
  you guys are now contradicting yourselves . 
   but you do get the problem with greece was n't even that they had structural fails , but that the banking crisis forced everything to come down ? 
  yes . 
  they had long standing issues and the 2008 us crisis made everything worse . 
  people always forget about these two things when blaming everything on the euro and eu . 
   bailouts are usually a way to stem the problem though . 
  yes , it 's a quick and dirty solution . 
  my point is that bailouts make things worse . 
  see greece . 
  they had 2 so far and are now asking for a third . 
  you need to fix the root causes for the internal problems . 
  external money does n't fix greece 's internal issues . 
   you get that the idea for bail out funds is because any economy can tank right ? 
  bailouts do not fix the root causes of an economy collapse . 
  that 's what needs to happen . 
  fixing the problem causes . 
   the uk is n't in the euro , what does itbhave to do with anything ? 
  the uk is in the eu and they 've always complained about financial aid and immigrants even though they profit vastly from eu trade and cheap eastern european labor . 
   the world does n't care about your nationalist whining , neither do your fellow romanians . 
  nationalist whining ? 
  really ? 
  bro , i 'm as pro eu as one can be . 
    if the uk wants to have cheap labour from eastern europe all it has to do is invite them , they do n't have to pay them or grant them market access . 
  that 's not how the eu works . 
  the failing brexit negotiations are proof of this . 
  [ juncker tells uk : no single market without freedom of movement ] ( http://www.euractiv.com/section/uk-europe/news/juncker-tells-uk-no-single-market-without-freedom-of-movement/ ), 
   actually greece is forced to asked for bailouts . 
  greece is a bit of an odd case because of the politics involved in punishing greece .
