  **  and you lost it , not being able to answer my arguments for like 3 posts i 've answered all of your absurd claims . 
  if you think i missed any , let me know and i will answer them . 
    and finally giving up as you should . 
  please stop assuming things on my behalf . 
   which makes it a nazi-german puppet state from that very moment your opinion is not a fact , bro . 
  you can not rewrite history . 
   petain was granted dictatorship powers under new ( later judged as illegal ) constitutional law . 
  he was granted power by the elected president . 
  but you ca n't spin this as you 'd like . 
  history and facts are against you . 
  there is no `` alternate '' france as you claim . 
  elected officials did n't become nazis over night as you claim . 
  you are fabricating an alternate reality just so you can get away with ignoring the jew roundup and deportation to death camps . 
  and it 's not working . 
  facts and history are against you . 
   but it was a government that was working for a different , unsoveregn state . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what matters is that the french government did those things . 
  call it whatever you like . 
  these are the facts . 
  the french government executed the jew deportation to death camps . 
  and lepen is not only ignoring this , she 's denying it . 
  history will not forget this . 
  neither will the people . 
  this will reflect in their vote . 
  this discussion is over . 
   with goverment loyal to nazi germany this is my point . 
  that the french government surrendered and accepted nazi rule . 
  this is the same government that was elected by the french people . 
  the same government that surrendered , and the same that deported jews to death camps . 
  if you call it illegitimate , it means that it was illegitimate long before the nazis came because it did n't change after the nazis came . 
  p\u00e9tain was appointed premier by president albert lebrun . 
  albert lebrun was president from 1932 . 
   even then this vichy france did n't control the territory of paris , which was in nazi germany occupied zone , which makes it german responsibility for these events . 
  ** the french government made the nazis `` responsible '' when it surrendered . 
  the same government stayed in power when the jews got deported to death camps . 
  it 's the same government from before the nazi occupation . 
  ** you keep calling it illegitimate . 
  ** when did it become illegitimate ? 
  **  as a sovereign french state it obviously did you are `` obviously '' ignoring history . 
  the government did n't change when the nazis invaded france . 
  all your arguments are based on a straw-man theory of a `` puppet state '' . 
  ** there was no puppet state , unless you call the french government from before the war a `` puppet state '' . 
  ** p\u00e9tain was appointed premier by president albert lebrun . 
  albert lebrun was president from 1932 . 
   i think it 's quite apparent who 's right on this discussion . 
  the moment you ask such a question , this stops being a serious debate - you 've just conceded it . 
  saying that you 're right does n't make you right . 
  that 's what the french government did . 
  that 's the irony which you 're failing to see . 
    just to add : it 's not my argument . 
  it 's the argument of the french state so you 're ok with the french state ? 
  with this one , right ? 
  because you 're clearly not ok with the one from 1940 even though both were democratically elected . 
  if a government says something , it does n't mean it 's right . 
  the french government said that surrendering was a good idea in 1940 . 
  now it says it was n't and calls the previous government illegitimate . 
  that 's flip flopping , bro . 
   what if the next government calls this one illegitimate ? 
  seriously . 
  it has happened before . 
   if you 're were n't grossly ignorant about this , you 'd know that the surrendering had already happened ; that 's the point , bro . 
  the same government that surrendered made the jew roundup . 
   nobody disputes that p\u00e9tain was lawfully appointed i thought he was illegitimate . 
  which is it ? 
  when did the french government become illegitimate ? 
  was it after the jew deportation ? 
  you are now agreeing with the point that the french government is responsible for the jew roundup . 
   it 's not me . 
  it 's the official position of the french government is this government legitimate ? 
  who decides that it is ? 
  another government ? 
  can one government decide when another is illegitimate ? 
  even though both were voted into office by the same people ? 
   no , it 's not the same government since 1932 - the doctrine is that the july 10th vote by the national assembly was illegal . 
  so french surrendering was illegal ? 
  really ? 
  is this your best argument ? 
  are you trying to say that the french government became illegitimate the moment it surrendered ? 
   not really sure what is to argue here . 
  you 're arguing semantics , bro . 
  the horrid actions we 're debating were committed by a government that was voted into office by the french people . 
  the same government that surrendered . 
  it 's very convenient to call it `` illegal '' , but it does n't change history . 
  france chose to surrender and france chose to deport jews to death camps . 
  that 's a fact . 
   you believe vichy was the legitimate government of france , fine . 
  you 're entitled to . 
  ** but that is n't and never was the official position of the french government . 
  ** which french government ? 
  it 's easy to get them confused when one is declaring the other as being illegitimate . 
  hopefully you can see the irony in this . 
   because she discerns between france and the people who were in charge of vichy at the time . 
  the people who surrendered are the same that governed during the nazi occupation . 
  the government stayed the same . 
  p\u00e9tain was appointed premier by president albert lebrun . 
  albert lebrun was president from 1932 . 
  you are ignoring history . 
   you have a problem with most historians and most of the civilized world that do n't recognize vichy 's legitimacy . 
  ** if you think it was an illegitimate government , then it was illegitimate long before the nazis came .
