  you gave a shitty analogy involving a homeless person . 
  that 's neither fact nor true . 
  and you 're the one calling `` fake news '' . 
  really ? 
  it 's fake because you say so , right ? 
  unless you come up with facts and sources to prove them , this discussion is over . 
   the budget surplus is fake news . 
  really . 
  really ? 
  why ? 
  because you say so ? 
  [ german budget surplus highest since 1990 ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39064795 )  the actual surplus figure of 23.7 bn euros represents 0.8 % of gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  so the government is lying , is that it ? 
  the government is lying and you know better . 
  you 're delusion , buddy . 
  take off the tin foil hat at least twice a day . 
   these people did not pass a bordercheck , the border was opened by decree of merkel . 
  the refugees where literally allowed into the country unchecked . 
  this is false . 
  [ germany keeps border checks in place ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/547c69c8-1767-11e6-b8d5-4c1fcdbe169f?mhq5j=e3 ) they have been in place since the crisis started in 2015 . 
  [ migrant crisis : germany starts temporary border controls ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34239674 ), 
  yes . 
   dude , i live in germany ... 
  it 's in the media every week then why ca n't you copy & paste one of them ? 
  is it tabloid media ? 
   stop talking about things you clearly have no idea about when someone asks for proof you refuse to bring any while calling them clueless . 
  great logic , bro . 
   it 's not xenophobia . 
  it 's common sense . 
  that 's what hitler said , too . 
  it was common sense for a few years , then a few million jews died , then it was n't . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime_in_germany  while some studies show a correlation between immigrant populations in germany and crime , most social studies on the subject have shown little correlation between migrants and crime in germany . 
   in april 2017 , the crime figures released for 2016 showed that the number of suspected crimes by refugees , asylum-seekers and illegal immigrants increased by 50 percent . 
  the figures showed that most of the suspected crimes were by repeat offenders , and that 1 percent of migrants accounted for 40 percent of total migrant crimes . 
  feel free to ignore these facts because they do not align with your xenophobic agenda . 
   wether someone is allowed or declined asylum is a transparent process , nothing to do with secret services . 
  do n't move the goal posts , buddy . 
  we were talking about border checks , not asylum requests . 
  you need to pass the border check in order to even ask for asylum . 
   really ? 
  one could argue that eastern europe has high levels of xenophobia but virtually no terrorism . 
  this is false . 
  eastern europe has always has middle eastern immigrants . 
  i live in romania . 
  there are lots of turks , syrians and even asians . 
  people have accepted them because they came here looking for a better life . 
  they do their jobs well if you actually take the time to train them and do not set them aside because they are from another country . 
  if you go in the center of bucharest , our capital , you will find lots of kebab shops that are traditionally owned and operated by arabs . 
  there is no hate . 
  there is no hate fueled propaganda . 
  turks have actually oppressed our country for centuries . 
  but we 've set that behind us . 
  we do n't have time for that . 
  we 're too busy trying to make a living . 
  and it shows . 
  our economy is one of the fastest growing in the eu . 
   i see now your problem , you do n't know what xenophobia is . 
  xenophobia is dislike of or prejudice against people from other countries . 
   it is not xenophobic to think that italians immigrants will be more educated than somalians . 
  you 're assuming a person 's intelligence based on the country where they were born . 
  that 's prejudice based on ethnicity . 
  that 's xenophobia . 
  by your logic , you should be branded an immigrant , because you do not understand these concepts even after they 've been explained to you . 
   we should be helping those people but not importing them en masse to our countries , because imo the cost is not worth it . 
  this statements shows the hypocrisy of your way of thinking . 
  they are not imported , they are seeking asylum . 
  in most cases it 's temporary . 
  most of these people want to go back but they ca n't because of war . 
  and , yes , the cost is worth it on the long run . 
  lots of european cities have 40 % of their citizens of migrant descent . 
  [ refugees hold key to german economic growth , imf says ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2016/may/09/germany-imf-economy-growth-refugees-migrants-labour-ageing-population ) [ how immigration is fuelling sweden 's economic boom ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/sweden-immigration-economic-boom-theresa-may-refugee-crisis-tory-conference-a7347136.html ), 
   seems you can blame europeans for wanting to have a better life ( one without immigrants ) how exactly are you having a bad life because of immigrants ? 
  this is complete bs and you know it . 
  especially because lots of european cities are 40 % or more of migrant descent like stuttgart . 
  you 're spreading misinformation , fear and hatred . 
   criminology cares less about absolute numbers . 
  everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
  your point is invalid because not even the police is making it and they have all the data . 
  you 're desperately grasping for straws . 
   the part you still do n't get is that the proportionality means in relation to size of the population or ethnic/other group . 
  i know exactly what it means . 
  it means you 're ignoring the large number of crimes committed by germans and others while focusing on the small number of crimes committed by afghans . 
  this is cherry picking , bro . 
  the fact that there are less afghans makes your whole argument null because the numbers are statistically irrelevant . 
  they are too small to compare to the germans , for example . 
  these high percentages you 're screaming are relative to very small afghan communities . 
  if 10 afghans live on your street and 5 of them commit a crime together , you ca n't say that 50 % of afghan migrants commit crimes because the sample size is too small . 
  you 're intentionally ignoring this . 
  you 're intentionally ignoring the crimes of germans in austria , which are far more numerous even though they are the same crimes . 
  ** why do you ignore them ? 
  the only ones to get offended are the ones that are losing it . 
  people that never had it ca n't be offended for losing something they never had . 
  tl ; dr : you 're a wanker . 
   there have been multiple cases , just shows how good those `` checks '' are am i supposed to take your word for it ? 
  where 's your proof ? 
  and it 's the refugees ' fault if germans fake refugee status to get free money , is that right ? 
  for all i know , you faked refugee status and get free money from your government in order to blame it on others . 
   but keep on jerking off in every migrant thread in this sub . 
  great choice of words . 
  and i 'm the one being dense ...
