  if you do n't know how they do it , it does n't mean that they do n't do it . 
  ignorance is n't an argument . 
  you claim this while also defending the guy that said the us has the `` biggest intelligence apparatus in the world '' who actually asks people for their fb profiles and laptop passwords . 
  ** the `` biggest intelligence apparatus in the world '' asks people for their fb profile passwords . 
  ** just let that sink in for a moment . 
  germany does n't do this . 
  and they still manage to catch terrorists and deny immigrants access . 
  you 're ignoring this because you do n't how they do it and just assume that they do n't do it . 
  this is a shitty argument and you know it . 
   so , yes , having a big budget as a state is not that hard when you milk the people dry . 
  are you saying that germans are poor ? 
  really ? 
  they pay high taxes and take in many refugees because they can afford it . 
  the refugees are part of the economy . 
   stugart is also one of the cities in germany experiencing the phenomenon of white ( better german ) flight from the city to suburban areas stuttgart has a population of over 500 000 . 
  over 40 % of them are immigrants . 
  that 's roughly 200 000 with immigrant descent which is a fifth of the refugees germany got in the past 3 years in just one city . 
  there are many others like it . 
   not even the by far biggest intelligence apparatus in the world has proper data to vet the people and you 'll think germany somehow has to capacity to vet over a million of them ? 
  they ca n't or they wo n't ? 
  it 's a big difference . 
   are you retarded ? 
  thanks for the insult . 
  it brings a lot to the discussion . 
  this discussion is over . 
   i explained it to you in the second sentence , ffs . 
  really ? 
   comey said in 2015 that they can not properly vet the rather small amount of refugees they took in due to a complete lack of data from syria . 
  what does the us have to do with how germany handles things ? 
  what does comey have to do with how germany handles immigrants ? 
  this is irrelevant . 
  the article is about germany , not the us . 
   well i thought you had similar examples when it comes to history and appropriating other nations ' such , not general authoritarian tendencies or political decisions , which are n't the topic of this thread . 
  `` how about the anti-coup billboards that were up immediately after the coup ended ? '', 
   you 're point about stuttgart is wrong because the vast majority of the immigrants are n't from the middle east or africa . 
  yeah , bro ... because some immigrants are better than others , is that it ? 
  because not all people have equal rights , right ? 
  this , right here , is xenophobia . 
   actually if you let a lot less middle easterners and africans in you will lower the chances of terrorism for now and for future generations . 
  actually , if you look up the immigrant crisis , you 'll see that terrorism was a big problem long before the immigrant waves from syria and africa started in 2015 . 
  but , hey , your entire `` logic '' is based on ignoring these facts , so do n't let me stop you from ignoring them further . 
   and again , him knowing a guy is n't an analogy no , it 's sarcasm , which you missed . 
  were n't you a master of words ? 
  or do you only understand analogies ? 
  guess what ? 
  sarcasm is also an analogy . 
   no mention of knowing a guy . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nrif0/chancellor_angela_merkel_rejects_refugee_limit/dkbs5p6/ ) you go . 
   i know people who have this job in another eu country . 
  do you ? 
  what more proof could you want ? 
  :d ( that 's sarcasm , by the way . ), 
  this is going nowhere . 
  you 're debating semantics , bro . 
  that 's the bottom of the barrel for any discussion . 
  this one is over . 
   what have the turks claimed ? 
  erdogan 's voice when calling from within turkey . 
  even for emergency calls . 
  how about the anti-coup billboards that were up immediately after the coup ended ? 
  they totally just had them lying around just in case , right ? 
  or the totalitarian powers that erdogan gave himself and which make putin jelly ? 
  the list goes on ... 
   actually i 've only been talking about the majority of such attacks of course . 
  you 're ignoring the last one because it does n't fit your `` correlation '' . 
   and why they 've become to common when 20 years ago they were totally unheard of . 
  why , though ? 
  to what purpose are you saying this ? 
  you 've still not answered this question . 
   one anomalous result does n't disprove a causal relationship . 
  there is no causal relationship . 
  the identity of the attackers is unknown . 
  that 's the point . 
   you still have n't grasped what that statement actually means . 
  you still have n't made a causal link between them . 
  it 's all just shaky correlations . 
  if you were to make a correlation based on recent events , the brits are doing this more than the immigrants . 
  ** you are also ignoring the fact that immigrants were the victims . 
  ** there 's a lot of ignorance in that `` correlation '' of yours and zero proof . 
   oh , and calling people names is n't nice , maybe you should grow up too . 
  i did n't call you names . 
  i said that you 're making a pathetic attempt to form a correlation between immigrants and acid attacks while ignoring the last attack author and the fact that the victims were immigrants and the official police motive which was bike theft . 
  you 've also ignored a direct question . 
  unless you address these issues , this discussion is over . 
   need i say more ? 
  nope . 
  down-voted already . 
  this is why they left the eu . 
  this will definitely stop terrorism and solve the immigration problem . 
  your move , eu . 
  russia taking hints from turkey who previously took hints from russia . 
  we have come full circle . 
   it was suposed to be funny . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but many people do n't and they blame the eu . 
  that 's the point . 
   fun fact for you : poland survived 2008 with economy still on rise . 
  i know . 
  even greece is doing better now . 
  they had a 0.7 % budget surplus for 2016 .
