  what exactly is `` political weakness '' ? 
  you do n't even know . 
  you 're only reciting tabloid propaganda . 
   the euro being an incomplete construction again , vague . 
  the eurozone is constantly evolving . 
  it 's not supposed to be `` complete '' . 
   the parliament not being taken seriously by some of its members from certain member states again , vague . 
  who and how are they not taking the eu parliament seriously ? 
  remember that the eu can not force member states to do things . 
  the eu can set guidelines and apply sanctions when they are not respected . 
  the eu is not a federation . 
   the vagueness of its future lol . 
  really ? 
  do you even know your own future ? 
    the geopolitical weakness and dependence on a us military umbrella the eu is not a military organization , bro . 
  wtf are you talking about ? 
   these are things that need addressing and brexit being a stupid choice do n't change it . 
  these vague things are what made brexit a stupid decision . 
  i asked you for specifics . 
  you gave me tabloid propaganda . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
   many do not come from war torn countries hence the term economic migrant . 
  the migrant crisis is n't happening because of `` economic migrants '' . 
   again these boats barely make it off the african coast africa has been in a de facto civil war for decades . 
  corruption and poverty are rampant because of this . 
   even if you had to spend millions now to protect the borders it probably will save millions in the future . 
  probably ? 
  i 'm sorry , bro , but that 's not good enough . 
   you kept asking for a specific problem and when your given one you waffle like a true politician blaming it on some out of our hands issue . 
  i brought you arguments , bro . 
  you are now insulting me because you can not bring any arguments of your own . 
   they took small problems that the eu has and enlarged them . 
  what problems , exactly ? 
   you ca n't make this shit up but you can buy it . 
   of course you can , you just have to have the mind and will to do so . 
  and the money . 
  strictly enforcing the border is n't free . 
  you can argue that it 'll cost the same or even more than what you 're already spending on trying to help them . 
   shoot them down if that 's what it requires . 
  sure , bro . 
  shoot innocent people . 
  what a great idea !, 
  / s this will totally not create an international incident and your country will totally not get sanctioned for it . 
  yep . 
  / s because all massacres and genocides from history were great ideas . 
  great logic . 
  let 's hope you never become a refugee . 
   the solution is definitely not to let them all in how will you do that ? 
  the money you spend on enforcing the borders and making sure none get in can be used to help them get back after the war or to get jobs locally . 
  these are thousands of people . 
  you ca n't protect the border with your current enforcement . 
  you 'll need to spend millions just so that they do n't get in . 
  that will lead to various border incidents because they will keep trying . 
  these people come from war torn countries . 
  they are desperate . 
  these are not specific reasons . 
  they are vague anti-eu propaganda . 
   it 's not really clear where the eu is going what does that even mean ? 
  i 'll tell you what it means . 
  it means that people have no clue what they 're talking about so they invent these vague anti-eu propaganda stories that are based on fear and hatred . 
  that 's what it means . 
  you ca n't stop the immigrants from coming in . 
  if you deny them entry , they 'll get in illegally . 
   the only fair point that could be said about that is how badly the eu handled the issue and continues to do so . 
  agreed . 
  but has anyone else done better ? 
  there are lots of people that criticism the eu while very little people actually try to fix the problem . 
  this is a very complicated issues that can only be solved via trial and error . 
  why ? 
  because nothing like this has ever happened before and there is no standard procedure . 
   the failure to stop the influx after almost two years is a disgrace . 
  you ca n't stop the influx . 
  you can either let them in legally , vet them and have them all accounted for , or you can deny them entry and have yourself an even bigger illegal immigrant crisis . 
  you either respect basic human rights or you do n't . 
  you ca n't stop immigrants from coming in . 
  denying them entry will only lead to them coming in illegally . 
  brexit-like solutions also do n't help because immigrants do not come to eu countries because they are part of the eu . 
   but making such a nasty simplification as you did , is not wise . 
  you mean a simplification like  they do n't keep up with the london pace and feel like have not much influence on the direction in which uk goes . 
  or  for them brexit referendum was an opportunity to fight back , even if it made no sense . 
  so , uk people felt left behind by london so they voted to leave the eu ? 
  yep , that actually sounds about right . 
  [ the same thing happened in the us with trump . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tehekdqsixg ) the same fear and hate filled rhetoric helped trump win . 
   you left out `` eu incompetence . '', 
  sorry , bro , but that 's not being specific . 
  `` eu incompetence '' is just more generic anti-eu propaganda . 
   brexit would n't have happened without its moronic desire to punish greece to inflate germany 's self-importance how is the eu responsible for greece 's financial troubles and what does this have to do with brexit ? 
  greece asked for 2 bailouts . 
  they asked for them . 
  the eu imposed certain conditions that the greeks agreed upon via referendum . 
  nobody forced them into austerity . 
  also , they did this because of the 2008 crisis that affected everyone . 
  it affected greece especially hard because their government lied about pre-existing loans that they kept hidden . 
  you really should read more about these issues and not believe all the random propaganda you find on the internet . 
   the [ greek crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis ) started in late 2009 , triggered by the turmoil of the great recession , structural weaknesses in the greek economy , and revelations that previous ** data on government debt levels and deficits had been undercounted by the greek government ** . 
  ... .  or its inability to do anything about the migrant crisis how is the eu responsible for migrants coming in from war-torn middle eastern countries ? 
  why are you blaming the eu for a problem that it did not produce ? 
  blaming the eu for inaction is the same as the ultra-nationalists that blame the eu for doing too much . 
  the eu ca n't do too much because it does n't have the power .
