   they simply use lawyers and contracts . 
  the technology is there in case you have the guts to use the seeds to feed your family after you go bankrupt from the lawsuit . 
   non-gm is proprietary too i can buy seeds from local farmers . 
  they sell them in sacks tied with string . 
  there 's no nda at the bottom of the sack . 
  the recent protests have worked . 
  russian shills are on the payroll again . 
  :d start the presses and let the world know that putin is really a nice guy . 
  those protesters go to jail voluntarily and they commit suicide by shooting themselves in the back 3 times each . 
   yet if we were to use traditional measures for understanding leaders , which involve the defense of borders and national flourishing , putin would count as the pre-eminent statesman of our time . 
  on the world stage , who can vie with him ? 
  so nobody can rival the greatness of putin except erdogan ? 
  yep . 
  this is russian propaganda . 
   why are american intellectuals such ideologues when they talk about the `` international system '' ? 
  probably because american intellectuals devised that system , and because they assume there can never be legitimate historic reasons why a politician would arise in opposition to it . 
  they denied such reasons for the rise of rodrigo duterte in the philippines . 
  they do the same with donald trump . 
  and they have done it with putin . 
  they assume he rose out of the kgb with the sole purpose of embodying an evil for our righteous leaders to stamp out . 
  duterte , trump and putin . 
  the misunderstood trio of world leaders . 
  those rules apply only to simple people . 
  big banks and wealthy people are exempt . 
  because of fear mongering politicians that have no constructive ideas to promote their agenda . 
  fear and the promise to magically remove it is the easiest way to get votes . 
  this needs to change . 
  people need to stand up for their rights and not give them up so easily . 
   it ranks as less corrupt than , for instance , israel , portugal , taiwan or even barbados corruption does n't stem from country size . 
  i actually never said that . 
  all of your examples have corruption issues that derive from poverty . 
  if you remove poverty , you 'll see the trend i 'm talking about . 
  i also did n't only mention corruption . 
  country size makes democracy harder to work because few people have to represent a bigger population . 
   i was just pointing out that bigger countries are n't inherently more corrupt not inherently . 
  but the system makes it harder to fight corruption and it makes it easier for it to spread . 
  protest go largely ignored in the us and russia just because of their numbers relative to the total population . 
  it 's also harder to hold the ones in charge accountable . 
  the most glaring example is the us . 
  there are blatant conflicts of interests and cases of nepotism going on since trump took office . 
  and there 's little the people can do about it since congress is also elected by the same vote as the president from a pool of only 2 parties . 
  ** small parties will cease to exist in a federation . 
   if you have pest resistance in your crops you are less dependent on chemical fertilisers and 100 % dependent on the company that produces the seeds since the ones from plants are genetically engineered to not grow into adulthood . 
   romania is a pretty small country by any standard and ranks pretty high on any corruption rank you can find online that 's because of the communist legacy . 
  all eastern european countries suffer from this . 
  we were essentially set back by at least 20 years in terms of progress when communism fell . 
  we closed the gap in many areas but old habits die hard . 
  some politicians today have been in office since the reign of ceausescu . 
  recovering from a dictatorship takes time . 
  also , you 're ignoring [ the huge progress ] ( http://www.romania-insider.com/romanias-chief-anticorruption-prosecutor-polar-star-decoration-king-sweden/ ) romania made in terms of fighting corruption . 
  we 're pretty much the go to template in the region when it comes to fighting corruption . 
  have many other countries have prosecuted and jailed their prime minister ? 
  there 's still much work to be done . 
  these things take time . 
   if the a more federalized eu were to set up with the proper checks and balances it would actually be a good idea . 
  but practice is very different from theory . 
  communism was also a good idea on paper which turned out to be a disaster in practice . 
  the eu , as it is right now , is n't prepared for federalization . 
  a more stringent problem is far right extremism which is on the rise . 
  this needs to be dealt with so that unity can be strengthened . 
   i 'm surprised that this has n't turned into an anti-trust matter then . 
  they 're not all that widespread . 
  europe prides itself with good produce so farmers are still skeptical towards gms . 
  also , the eu is taking action . 
  the article we 're commenting on is proof of that . 
   however , political uncertainty from brexit and the us election has had a `` significant impact '' on the state of affairs , as ** london and second place new york fell 13 and 14 points respectively ** compared to the last global financial centres index by z/yen . 
  those were the steepest declines , bar calgary , amongst the world 's top 50 financial centres . 
  london , despite brexit , is still number one because ny is also having issues ( trump ) . 
  this is good news . 
  gm crops are proprietary and can not be regrown from seeds made by the plant . 
  you get sued even for trying . 
  this is a huge issue that creates dependence on a few companies for the entire food sector . 
   god i wish policy on things like gm crops was based on actual facts and figures and not the sentiment of the population . 
  gm crops are proprietary and can not be regrown from seeds made by the plant . 
  you get sued even for trying . 
  this is a huge issue that creates dependence on a few companies for the entire food sector . 
   in essence we 're trading away gm in exchange for higher chemical pesticide gm crops also require pesticides . 
  saying that they do n't is plain ignorance . 
  gm crops are proprietary and can not be regrown from seeds made by the plant . 
  this is a huge issue that creates dependence on a few companies for the entire food sector . 
  pesticides can and are improved . 
  you do n't fix a sore thumb by chopping off the whole hand . 
  if it really is as you make it out to be , meaning pro choice , then it 's a good idea . 
  i 'm skeptical though , because these things differ a lot when put to practice . 
  choice and not dictated measures needs to be the focus of multi speed if it is to go forward . 
  mandates are also ok if all countries are subject to them in an equal manner . 
   multi speed does not mean that certain countries get preferential treatment actually , that 's exactly what it means . 
  hence the schengen area . 
  there are lots of eu members that want to be part of schengen but get constantly denied access even though all criteria has been met . 
   if other nations see that it works they are always free to join . 
  i 'm sorry , but that 's just not true . 
  it 's `` do n't worry '' propaganda . 
   rampant corruption and poorly educated populaces these are problems that all countries are facing . 
  eastern europe is especially vulnerable because of the communist legacy which is hard to leave behind . 
  not all counties are granted eu membership . 
  strict conditions need to be met before membership is given and that includes anti corruption measures . 
   they made the eu a whole lot worse . 
  the eu is stronger than ever . 
  a new pro eu wave is taking over and this in no small part due to brexit . 
  the uk fucked up .
