  try keeping them in refugee camp conditions and see how they behave . 
  try giving afghans better conditions and see if they make as many crimes as before . 
  ** most refugee crimes happen in refugee camps for a reason . 
  ** what you 're saying is akin to saying that there are more poor people in poor neighborhoods than in rich neighborhoods . 
  refugees commit more crimes , relative to their own numbers , because they live in poor conditions . 
  poverty leads to crime . 
  their crimes are still a drop in the water compared to the crimes of germans that do not live in poor conditions . 
  you 're pointing the finger to a problem that you helped to create . 
  give them better conditions and the `` relative '' crime rate will diminish . 
   bitstamp has a banking license in luxembourg ( = all of the eu ) . 
  https://www.forbes.com/sites/laurashin/2016/04/25/7886/#3ef74c886056 this is actually good news . 
  if it 's regulated , it 's ok . that was my biggest problem with it . 
   it 's still volatile , though . 
  do they charge you fees for keeping bitcoin for you like forex sites do ? 
  and do they have mandatory margin ? 
  forex sites profit from people 's stupidity . 
  meaning that they give you more money to spend than you actually invested . 
  and when you inevitably lose it , it becomes a de facto loan . 
   and if they steal it , the cops will get it back for you i do n't know if you 're being serious or sarcastic with this one . 
   you can easily benefit ... buy bitcoin early this year and just do nothing . 
  boom , you just trippled your money . 
  the same can be said about forex . 
  if it 's so easy , then why are n't we all rich from it ? 
  the bitcoin market is the most volatile out of all currencies . 
   i did just that , but how should i prove that to you ? 
  good question . 
  it 's easier to blame them for all your problems that happened before they came there instead of helping them when they need it most . 
  that 's what all modern civilizations do , right ? 
   why does the eu care so much about uneducated , male , 16-30 year old , unemployable migrants ? 
  why does germany need all those croatian immigrants from croatia that pored in in the 90s when yugoslavia broke apart ? 
  stuttgart has over 40 % of its population with a migrant descent . 
  over 12000 of them are from croatia . 
  most of them came there in the 90s during the wars in yugoslavia . 
  what if germany told them to fuck off instead of allowing them refuge ? 
   why ca n't we be realistic like australia ? 
  you mean the country that 's surrounded by an ocean on all sides ? 
  be realistic . 
  they 're totally going to reject all refugees that manage to cross the fucking ocean in a tiny boat crammed with people . 
  that happens all the time , right ? 
   most bitcoin exchanges are regulated by whom ? 
  as far as i know only japan is trying to do this . 
  being legal is not the same as being regulated . 
   it has been rising like crazy this year , i dont think `` most lose '' . 
  quite the opposite , in fact . 
  can you prove this ? 
  that people are actually profiting from trading bitcoin ? 
  the rise in price is not an indicator for this . 
  most bitcoins are owned by a small number of people/entities . 
  most transaction are purely for speculation . 
  there is no big market that uses bitcoin , except for the darknet which uses it for drug sales . 
   lol , please do not compare guerrilla warfare insurgencies where the militants hide in civilian clothing to a proper war . 
  everybody knows you 're ashamed for losing . 
  it 's ok to admit it . 
   okay and the relevance of this is ? 
  the relevance is that the us is fighting wars with enemies it created for itself in order to justify spending money in those wars . 
  this is bad for everyone because those enemies are not only targeting the us . 
  they 've created the immigrants crisis in europe and modern terrorism . 
  and i 'm not even going to mention the 2008 economical crisis which originated from , you 've guessed it , the us . 
   the trouble is that you have no idea what target2 is and you have no interest in learning . 
  target2 is irrelevant because germany has a budget surplus . 
  it can afford to lend money . 
  it actually profits from it . 
   they are n't running a surplus despite the imbalance , because the surplus does n't take into account the imbalance at all . 
  the imbalance has nothing to do with the budget . 
  you already admitted that germany loses the money it lends . 
  despite that , it still has a budget surplus . 
  germany can afford to lend money . 
  it profits from it . 
  and it actually helps others recover while also profiting for itself . 
   i do n't mind discussing this if you 're actually willing to learn germany 's budget and the money it lent to other countries are 2 different things . 
  if we were to discuss the loans , we would move away from the budget point and far from the original topic which was about refugees . 
  this discussion has deviated greatly . 
   keep downvoting me and talking about a reality you do n't know . 
  we 're done here . 
  tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  great logic , bro . 
   the usa spends more per capita on healthcare than anywhere else in the world . 
  the system sucks , but the money is there . 
  that 's part of the problem , actually . 
  ** spending more does n't necessarily mean more or better services . 
  ** this is the red herring . 
  it the case of the us , this just means bigger prices . 
  the us has the most expensive healthcare prices in the entire world . 
  [ u.s. healthcare : most expensive and worst performing ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/06/us-healthcare-most-expensive-and-worst-performing/372828/ )  3.2 % of gdp on the military is not unreasonable it 's actually 3.3 % of gdp . 
  trump just increased it while cutting the budgets for healthcare and other services . 
   considering the usa is designed to fight 2 wars on 3 fronts and win them both . 
  the us is n't designed to do that , actually . 
  it 's designed to be a free and democratic country . 
  `` government of the people , by the people , for the people . '', 
  that last part has n't been true for a very long time . 
  also , when was the last time the us actually won a war ? 
  from what i know irak was a big bust and so was vietnam . 
  and in both cases nobody asked the us to get involved . 
  you can argue that the uss involvement in wars in the middle east is what led to modern terrorism and the creation of isis . 
  the iranian revolution from the 70s , that led to the creation of islamist extremist states , was sponsored and supported by the us . 
  you can actually argue that the us is currently fighting wars with enemies which it created . 
  yep . 
   do n't be dishonest if you wan na have a discussion . 
  how am i being dishonest ? 
  the figures i showed you are from official government reports .
