  damn . 
  that must get really boring . 
  you 're clearly too busy to explain by commenting on this thread , so i 'm not going to ask . 
   congrats , you just described the eurozone . 
  please elaborate . 
  how does the euro bring only benefits but no responsibility ? 
  did you like having to convert money while visiting other countries ? 
  did you enjoy making banks rich from exchange rates ? 
  or those who speculated the foreign exchange market ? 
  how is the euro beneficial , but not responsible ? 
  also , fun fact . 
  eu members decide when they adopt the euro . 
  it 's not forced upon them . 
   i 'm not going to read that wall of badly edited text ignorance is bliss . 
   have a nice day . 
   in closed markets this concentration is lower , because with duties a country can force some production locally and can stop its citizens from emigrating for work abroad . 
  true . 
  but why would any country do that ? 
  why would you ban your citizens from free travel ? 
  why would you force local production if nobody would buy it ? 
  that 's how communism worked and it failed miserably . 
   labor rights and workers were disregarded and coal mines were closed without plan what to do with all those laid-off people because profits were more important . 
  you are ignoring facts that were already presented to you . 
  [ for u.k. , a french lesson on closing coal mines ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1992/10/24/business/worldbusiness/24iht-coal_3.html )  though close to 35,000 mining jobs have been eliminated in france since 1984 , outright firings have been rare . 
  the state-owned coal company , charbonnages de france , has turned instead to a multifaceted program designed to ease the pain for the miners and the country 's three big coal-mining regions . 
   the program , which has cost french taxpayers a walloping ** 10 billion francs ( $ 2 billion ) ** over the last six years , provides for early retirement , retraining , transfer of employees to other state enterprises , repatriation of foreign workers and aggressive efforts to aid business creation in the affected areas . 
   though it briefly flirted with maintaining , even increasing , production after the election of president fran\u00e7ois mitterrand in 1981 , the government had to face the reality of falling world coal prices . 
  so it switched course in 1983 and directed charbonnages de france to find an acceptable way out of the business . 
  things would have been way worse if the government did n't support their citizens . 
  the only possible criticism is that they did n't do enough . 
  saying that the mines were `` closed without plan '' is being ignorant . 
  also , not all mines were the property of the state . 
  not all mines were the responsibility of the state . 
  private companies can and always do whatever is profitable for them at the detriment of their employees . 
  the eu , immigrants , and globalization have nothing to do with human greed . 
   in my opinion on people who designed and promoted current economical dogmas as those that would bring wealth to everyone but in the end failed and refuse to show any remorse so you do n't know . 
  that 's a vague answer . 
  who are the `` people who designed and promoted current economical dogmas '' ? 
  politicians ? 
  which ones ? 
  the article says that that town is suffering because coal is dying . 
  it also says that it 's prospering since the fn mayor came to power . 
  both ca n't be true . 
  which is it ? 
  are they prospering from fn , or fn has n't really done much and they 're still struggling ? 
   wow , stating some appaling opinions as facts . 
  the fact that the french government spent millions to help people move forward from coal mining is not an opinion . 
  you 're spreading misinformation . 
   i have never said or even suggested that , are you trying to cover every logical fallacy in your post ? 
  i never put those words in your mouth . 
  why are you generalizing ? 
  you 're only proving my point by doing this . 
  did you even watch the video article ? 
  watch it . 
  that 's what most people in that town think . 
   that 's what populists do ? 
  and they are able to do so because mainstream neoliberal politics failed ? 
  are you trying to imply that lepen is the only one who can bring change ? 
  based on what ? 
  her hate for immigrants ? 
  you already admitted that immigrants are n't the problem here . 
   we can agree that measures they want to undertake wo n't be efficient but they both have plans ... 
  her ideas are bad , but she has ideas ? 
  nice argument , bro . 
    i really think you need to stop with this entrepreneur bullshit . 
  so you think helping people out of poverty is bullshit ? 
  do you even want to help them or is that just a pretext ? 
   we do n't need more business owners . 
  that does n't change anything , small companies are unstable and give no guarantee of employment or stabilization . 
  i never said anything about small companies . 
  everyone can apply for these programs . 
  that includes small business owners but it is n't limited to them . 
  why are you generalizing so much ? 
  if you do n't need more business owners , where are people supposed to find jobs ? 
   some people have families to feed , they ca n't just drop everything and start a new life . 
  what are they supposed to do if they have no job and can not feed their families ? 
  are you implying that entrepreneurship should be avoided ? 
  people can not get jobs in coal mining anymore because coal is dead . 
  they either learn how to do new things , or live in poverty . 
  they even get paid just for learning . 
  but they have to learn . 
  standing around while doing nothing and blaming immigrants is n't going to make them rich . 
   finally , anger is a result not of progress but of people left behind without a plan . 
  you are completely ignoring the fact that these people either do n't know that there is actually a plan , or that they do not want new jobs . 
   furthermore , what do you even mean by progress ? 
  have western european countries really progressed in recent decades ? 
  because , what , gdp per capita is higher ? 
  i 'm referring to technological progress . 
  i 'm referring to the fact that coal is dead . 
  it 's been dying for over 20 years . 
  that 's because of technological progress . 
  and , yes , most eu countries have had economical growth . 
  this includes france . 
  france has had a 1.6 % gdp growth in 2016 . 
  google france gdp and you 'll see a growing graph . 
  the 2008 fluctuations are due to the 2008 economical crisis that affected the entire planet . 
   that we are slowly turning into corpocracy with politicans becoming more and more powerless to actually do something because business has too strong of a grip on virtually any country ? 
  you 'd better vote for lepen . 
  she clearly has no ties with no foreign country and has never received money from foreign banks . 
  she never did get money from russia .
