  the fact that they voted for brexit when they could have voted against it . 
  [ uk parliament votes in favor of starting brexit process ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/01/europe/article-50-brexit-parliament-vote/ )  members of the house of commons voted by ** 498 to 114 ** to advance the bill that would give prime minister theresa may the authority to invoke article 50 of the lisbon treaty -- the formal process of leaving the eu . 
  498 to 114 seems like a majority to me . 
   yes they did , which is n't the same thing as those mps wanting to leave the eu dude , if they voted against it , brexit would have not happened . 
  the referendum does n't have a mandatory nature . 
  what people voted on the brexit referendum could have been revoked by the parliament . 
  but they went along with it . 
  the vast majority did . 
  that 's the vast majority of politicians . 
   however voting against triggering a50 would effectively be a vote to ignore the result of the referendum and the democratic will of the people . 
  exactly . 
  they could have stopped it right then and there . 
  when you say that the majority of politicians were against brexit , while 498 to 114 voted for brexit , you 're lying to yourself . 
  most people are now against brexit , once the effects starting popping up . 
  the parliament voted for brexit even though most people are now against it . 
  your politicians wanted brexit to happen . 
  they manipulated the people with lies and got it . 
  lying to yourself about it wo n't change the 498 to 114 vote . 
   i am not going to get dragged into a broader conversation about the damage the euro has inflicted on the european economy . 
  it 's a widely accepted fact wait ... 
  so the euro has inflicted damage , yet you claim it also has benefits ? 
  and euro zone countries want these benefits without any of the responsibilities . 
  then how is the euro responsible `` for the damage it inflicted on european economy '' if euro zone countries do not commit to the responsibilities that go along with it ? 
  what your saying is that your bike is responsible for your broken leg because you fell from it because you did n't read the bike manual . 
  how is that the fault of the bike ? 
  how are people blaming the euro for their shitty economy ? 
  and why is it that only countries like spain and greece do all of the complaining ? 
  is it because they already had economy and corruption troubles ? 
  why does n't germany complain about the euro ? 
  seriously . 
  all of the countries that complain about the euro have had a shitty implementation of the euro . 
  it 's just like you said . 
  they just want the advantages but do not care about responsibilities . 
  when a country takes up the euro , it has to regulate all prices and wages and convert them from the previous currency to the euro . 
  countries like spain and greece have done a poor job of this , by not having a direct currency conversion of prices and wages . 
  this means that if 1 peseta is 0.5 euro and if something that previously cost 10 peseta should now cost 10 * 0.5 = 5 euro . 
  many of these conversions did not go like this because of corruption . 
  blaming the euro for up-setting or down-setting prices is a bs excuse . 
  prices fluctuate from country to country . 
  look at electronics prices . 
  they are listed in dollars yet they are different from one country to the next . 
  the same goes for the euro . 
  if the local economy of greece and spain are failing , it 's not because of the currency , it 's because of corruption . 
  the currency is just a number . 
  the fault lies with the people that set these numbers locally . 
   ukip gained a significant voter share based on the principle of holding a referendum on the eu and polls showed that the majority of people agreed there should be one . 
  so when you said that `` uk politicians were massively in favour of remaining '' you were actually lying . 
  good to know . 
   the governments job is now to implement that regardless of there own feelings on the subject . 
  the uk parliament voted on it and agreed to proceed with article 50 . 
  [ article 50 : uk parliament votes in favor of starting brexit process ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/01/europe/article-50-brexit-parliament-vote/ ), 
   it was mostly the working class who were under cut by cheap labour who wanted to leave . 
  so they proposed the referendum themselves , right ? 
  if so , then why did n't uk politicians veto the referendum ? 
  they could have stepped in and stopped it but they are going ahead with it . 
  it 's already started . 
   before these countries created so big production industry they were still helping local production by creating hurdles for imports . 
  and people were burned alive for preaching science in the middle ages . 
  truly glorious times . 
  :d seriously , your argument only confirms my idea that creating hurdles for free trade , instead of embracing it , is an idea used in the past and by dictatorships in the present . 
  do you want a dictatorship ? 
  also , bear in mind that i 'm not against regulations . 
  all countries have them . 
  free trade does n't come without regulations . 
  you ca n't just accept all the crap that people are trying to sell . 
  standards are in place . 
   do n't know bro , i 'm a hard core federalist . 
  the eu is n't a federation . 
   but for me as a romanian it 's an easy stance since i have everything to gain and almost nothing to loose . 
  you 're looking at it the wrong way . 
  nobody loses nothing . 
  the eu strives to bring all member countries on the same playing field . 
  that 's the elephant in the room . 
  brexit propaganda made it look like the uk paid more than it gained , while now they 're scrambling like ants to find a good trade deal after brexit . 
  sure , the uk pays more directly , but they gain it back and then some from free trade and cheap labor from , you 've guessed it , eastern european countries . 
   an analysis by the independent of official data suggests british exporters would face a cost of at least # 4.5 bn - and in all likelihood they would take a hit many times larger it 's all bs . 
  uk politicians did it to gain power and support . 
  that 's it . 
  erdogan does the same . 
  he 's attacking the eu to gather hate for eu and support for his wannabe dictatorship . 
   and on his land the rule of blood should favor him since everyone are his guests . 
  bro , tell that to the brits . 
  companies are already beginning to leave the uk and the british pound has nose dived ever since brexit . 
  but it 's ok , we 're all guests of our benevolent british overlords . 
   we clearly owe everything to them , while they owe nothing to us . 
  trade clearly goes one way ; only poor countries benefit from free trade with the eu . 
  [ debunking the myth that the uk paid more than it received from the eu ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/626y85/debunking_the_myth_that_the_uk_paid_more_than_it/ ), 
   the eu brings nothing extra ... really ? 
  then why did n't they have them before joining the eu and why is the uk losing them after leaving ? 
   this is also the success story of japan , south korea or now china . 
  japan relies heavily on trade . 
  it imports over a third of its food . 
  [ japan needs imports to keep itself fed ] ( http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2008/02/26/reference/japan-needs-imports-to-keep-itself-fed/ ) [ south korea has a free trade agreement with the eu ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/south-korea/ )  july 2016 marks the fifth anniversary of the eu-south korea free trade agreement ( fta ) took effect in july 2011 . 
  it goes further than any previous agreements in lifting trade barriers and it is also the eu 's first trade deal with an asian country . 
  and china ? 
  really ? 
  china ? 
  there 's an over 90 % chance that the device you 're reading this from has the words `` made in china '' written on it . 
   for the dutch or the french this means nothing cause they will never use these rights since the best things are at home ... 
  so no french or dutch people have ever visited foreign countries while on business or vacation trips ?
