  [ europe seeks alternatives to russian gas imports ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/17/business/energy-environment/european-union-seeks-to-reduce-reliance-on-russian-gas.html ), 
   i stand that quantitative easing and/since the banks could borrow from the ecb at 0 % interest rates is effectively printing money . 
  borrowed money has to be returned , even if there 's a 0 % interest rate . 
  that 's like printing money , using it to buy ice cream , then returning it at your next salary . 
  so it 's actually not like printing money . 
  this is a gross exaggeration . 
  i agree . 
  but it 's been a long time since the first bailout . 
  you 'd think they would have figured things out by now . 
   the russians are spreading propaganda through accounting software !, 
  would you buy software made in a country that constantly shells your borders ? 
  there is a de facto war between ukraine and russia . 
  the us has a near total embargo on iran . 
  this includes a ban on the sale and purchase of software products to and from iran . 
  those are state controlled russian companies . 
  those sites are nothing but propaganda machines . 
  ukraine is in a de facto war with russia which annexed crimea after a `` referendum '' held at gun point . 
  this should have been done a long time ago . 
   this is literally an equivalent of banning facebook , google , gmail and twitter if they were owned by state controlled russian companies . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/kaspersky-and-russian-spies-2015-3  `` the company 's connections to the kremlin have long been known and reported on , but bloomberg reports that several executives have been replaced with people closely aligned with russia 's military and intelligence operations . '', 
   i 'd expect the ban to either not be enforced , or be repelled after protests protests ? 
  for banning russian propaganda machines ? 
  that would be hilarious . 
  i got a message from my carrier saying that , after mid june , roaming costs will essentially disappear . 
  i live in romania . 
   obviously they 'd replace british suppliers . 
  what other way could it possibly work ? 
  in a world of `` alternative facts '' , stating the obvious is the new fight worth fighting . 
   in fact it would be risky not to look for alternative suppliers if your eu competitors are doing the same . 
  the real brexit domino effect . 
  was n't this supposed to activate in mid june ? 
   some guy tried to explain why the eu should look after its members like the uk does with its member countries and you spout off about how brits look down on eastern europeans . 
  so other people have the right to lecture the entire eu , but i 'm not allowed to point out the hypocrisy of the uk ? 
  bro , that 's very pretentious of you , do n't you think ? 
    yeah , some people have dissed you for being a romanian and yet having a strong opinion about eu fiscal policy . 
  so i 'm not allowed to have an opinion because i 'm romanian ? 
  really ? 
  this , again , is very pretentious of you . 
  i have the right to an opinion just like everybody else . 
   i do n't really think that 's right but you have been fairly rude . 
  you 're the one being rude and pretentious for trying to ban my opinion . 
  your opinion is no greater that mine . 
  this discussion is over . 
   you 've not been paying attention . 
  ( you do your country credit . ), 
  learning yankee expressions is quite literally the opposite of what i 'd like to do . 
  i 'm actually from romania . 
  i like to learn as much as possible . 
  i do n't impose arbitrary limits based on xenophobia or exacerbated nationalism . 
  you 're missing out on a lot of good laughs and some pretty interesting etymology stories . 
  i see that you have given up logic and are now resorting to insulting me in romanian . 
  this discussion is over . 
  have a nice day . 
   i like a good internet argument too , but you have to pick your targets , not just fire randomly off at everyone . 
  have i really done that ? 
  can you be more specific ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i did n't insult anyone . 
  on the contrary . 
  some people here have insulted me . 
  yep . 
  spain is recovering . 
  my point was that people wrongfully blame their troubles on the eu and euro , while there were local and very specific issues that led to their economic troubles . 
  that is all . 
   no , a union is not a confederation , but a confederation is a union , which is what i had said . 
  do you know venn diagrams ? 
  if a federation is a union , that does n't mean that all unions are federations . 
  that 's a logical fallacy . 
  it 's called `` guilt by association '' . 
  it 's false . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/association_fallacy  the way things are right now , some countries like germany profit from having a common currency while other countries like greece suffer . 
  those `` some countries '' that `` suffer '' are literally only greece . 
  spain has an over 3.2 % gdp growth . 
  that 's almost double the eu average . 
  also , greece is not suffering because of the euro . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis  the greek crisis started in late 2009 , triggered by the turmoil of the great recession , structural weaknesses in the greek economy , and ** revelations that previous data on government debt levels and deficits had been undercounted by the greek government ** . 
  the greek government literally lied about their external debt in order to get even more debt . 
  this has been going on from before the 2008 crisis due to internal issues in greece . 
  the 2008 crisis drove them off the edge . 
  the same happened in spain . 
  they had their own housing market bubble that collapsed at the same time with the one in the us . 
  spain is recovering . 
  greece is n't . 
  both have the euro . 
  all other eurozone countries have long recovered . 
   had greece kept their own currency they would have been better able to deal with their financial problems . 
  they would have printed more money as they always have . 
  this is one of the problems that led to their debt crisis in the first place . 
  you ca n't pay your debts by printing more money . 
  that will only devalue your currency and cause even more issues . 
  one can argue that the eu has helped them a lot . 
  they 've been bailed out twice . 
  now they 're asking for a third one . 
  no other country in the eu has done this . 
  greece is a singular case . 
  the eu is helping greece . 
  but they somehow can not manage . 
  the eu can not dictate their policy . 
  the eu is not a federation . 
   they were simply being used for an analogy . 
  thanks for pointing out that i did n't shift the discussion .
