  no , it 's not . 
  greece lied about existing loans in order to get more . 
  [ greek government-debt crisis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis )  the greek crisis started in late 2009 , triggered by the turmoil of the great recession , structural weaknesses in the greek economy , and revelations that ** previous data on government debt levels and deficits had been undercounted by the greek government ** . 
  ...  but to get on topic , do you think a proposal on changing the eurozone is a bad idea ? 
  change can be both good and bad . 
  bailouts have been almost always a bad idea since they do n't fix the symptoms of the problem . 
  but , yes , things can always be improved . 
  this needs to happen gradually after lots of deliberation and experimentation . 
  quick and risky changes rarely pay out . 
   these seem good numbers but they got out of the slump much faster than the eurozone did and as a whole i think they have a more robust economy . 
  printing money did n't fix their problems . 
  millions of americans literally lost their homes in 2008 . 
  this did n't happen in the eu . 
  the crisis was more mild in the eu compared to the us just because most of eu trade happens in euro and not us dollars . 
   it 's great the eurozone is growing but that does n't mean it did the right decisions . 
  so the eurozone economy is growing because it made bad decisions ? 
  really ? 
   it made a blunder and should have been out of the crisis sooner . 
  so the 2008 crisis happened because of the eurozone ? 
  really ? 
   so what i am saying is , yes , the eurozone is doing better but it took far too long and hurt too many people in doing so . 
  you 're complaining that the eu took too long to fix a problem that the us created . 
  just let that sink in . 
   anticrisis budget is n't a bailout fund go read how america or canada work america and canada are not part of the eu . 
  they are not unions like the eu . 
  you 're comparing two different things . 
   you 're the nationalist one complaining about the single market not me . 
  where have i done this ? 
  i 'm actually a big supporter of the single market and the eu . 
  what i do n't like is special treatment . 
  that 's what spain is asking for . 
   if i want romanian workers or indians i will just ask them to come here and i do n't have to pay their government that 's not how the eu works . 
  if you do n't like this , then you can leave . 
   you 're strawmanning since i never said i 'm against financial aid to eastern europe then why are you complaining about the money that romania gets ? 
   given that you defend germany having all the benefits and none of the responsibility . 
  where have i said this ? 
  i have n't said anything like this . 
  germany pays its dues just like everyone else . 
  the only one officially complaining is the uk . 
  your opinion is not the official opinion of your country , but , yes , you personally are doing just that . 
  every country recovered at its own pace . 
  that 's past tense meaning they recovered . 
  europe 's economy is growing . 
  the only exceptions are spain and greece . 
  even spain is growing , but slower . 
  greece is an `` up and down '' scenario . 
  they grow for a while , ask for another bailout , then fall down again . 
  nobody enjoys this . 
  i actually like greece a lot . 
  i 've been there as a tourist and i will go again . 
   ah , that 's the thing , you 're afraid of stop being such a big leech . 
  you 're complaining about the responsibility of being in the eu while enjoying the same benefits as everyone else . 
  countries like the uk benefit heavily from cheap labor from eastern europe while complaining about the help these countries get from the eu . 
  ** you ca n't have all the benefits without any of the responsibility . 
   in the uk england hands out money to the rest of the union due to it being the richer part is n't the eu supposed to be about an ever closer union ? 
  the uk profits heavily from cheap labor from eastern europe while always pointing the finger at these countries for the help they receive from the eu . 
  ** you ca n't have all the benefits without any of the responsibility . 
  ** the recent failing brexit negotiations are living proof of this . 
   yes they have systemic problems that have nothing to do with euro that put them in this mess in the first place . 
  thank you . 
  this was my point all along . 
  people always ignore this when they blame the eu and euro for all their internal problems . 
   the romanian government is the largest employeer in the country that 's true for most western countries as well . 
  you have now gone completely besides the point . 
   i 'm saying that the eurozone as a whole took longer to get out of the crisis than the us . 
  first of all , the 2008 crisis started in the us . 
  it took a while for it to reach all eurozone countries . 
  during that time things were already being `` fixed '' in the us . 
  there 's also this . 
  [ eurozone economy quietly outshines the us ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/0bbc026a-ea12-11e6-967b-c88452263daf ) you 're literally complaining that this took longer than you expected . 
  stability and predictability are actually good things . 
  nobody likes fast changing economies because change can go two ways . 
   you also made up the part about bailouts , that 's not what a investment budget is for . 
  i did n't make it up . 
  it 's right there in the article . 
   spain , on the contrary , wants deep reforms that will lead to more than just a shared currency : in this future scenario , member states will share an ** anti-crisis budget ** ...  romania also gets access to the western european markets which have a way higher purchasing capacity . 
  everyone in the eu does , regardless if they have the euro or not . 
  this is not special treatment . 
   the single market facilitates migration but if any country needs romanian labor it can have it without the need to grant you access to their markets . 
  exactly . 
  you want cheap labor , but you do n't want to help the countries of those people that work for cheap . 
  that 's not how the eu works . 
  ** you want all the benefits , but little or none of the responsibility . 
  ** you 're complaining about the responsibility while quietly ignoring all the benefits . 
   yes , but the eurozone , because of how it was designed could n't fix the crisis and move on . 
  so the eurozone is made up of only spain and greece ? 
  really ? 
  why are you ignoring every single country that has the euro and has recovered ? 
  you 're literally generalizing based on 2 isolated examples . 
  spain and greece had problems long before they switched to the euro and long before the 2008 crisis . 
  why do people always forget this ? 
  because it 's easier to blame others for your own problems . 
   they could use that money to fix some eurozone countries that could n't recover as fast as they could thanks to the currency you mean how germany , italy , france and pretty much every other euro zone country recovered despite having the euro ? 
  inflating your own currency only creates more problems . 
  printing money only creates more problems . 
   meanwhile there are some countries that receive 3-4 times more than they contribute , like romania , and they feel with the right to tell us to do n't ask for money . 
  spain is asking for a bail-out fund for failing country economies . 
  you 're comparing two different things . 
  romania does n't have a failing economy . 
  it 's growing .
