  that does n't mean they 're doing poorly . 
  when compared to greece , france is an economical powerhouse . 
  again , the crisis has hit everyone and not all have recovered at the same speed . 
   the german national bank is also # 8 billion in the red . 
  please explain how they are doing just fine ? 
  [ german budget surplus soars as economy motors ahead ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-economy-gdp-iduskbn1620l3 )  germany has been running a surplus for three years . 
  soaring tax revenues , rising employment and low debt costs helped drive the gap higher to 23.7 billion euros ( $ 25 billion ) in 2016 . 
   certainly helped them . 
  how does owning businesses that almost went bankrupt help them ? 
  you 're twisting this into nationalistic propaganda . 
  greece got , not one , but two bailouts because they requested them . 
  there was even a referendum on this . 
  also , greece is slowly recovering . 
  2015 was a bad year because they mismanaged the bailout money ( again ) . 
  before that their gdp was pretty stable . 
   look at how many greek businesses are now in german hands , this will answer your question . 
  so the eu is to blame because private greek businesses sold out to german investors ? 
  the 2008 financial crisis has hit all countries . 
  the impact varies . 
  both france and italy have a positive gdp growth rate . 
  this means that things are slowly getting better , not worse . 
   the problem is that people expect things to get way better over night and they ignore changes that happen gradually . 
   this money was dispersed into the economy , creating big increases of prices of local goods . 
  from what you 're saying this would have happened regardless of the currency . 
  thanks again for this valuable input . 
  i hope greece manages to get back on its feet . 
  i 've visited you guys last summer . 
  it 's a really beautiful country . 
  i 'll be visiting again this summer . 
   so the crisis in 2008 is to blame no . 
  i never said that . 
  do not assume things on my behalf . 
  the 2008 crisis made already existing problem even worse . 
  spain had the property bubble . 
  greece had huge debt which they lied about to get even more debt . 
  the point is that everyone blames the eu and euro , while not considering any of these other aspects that have nothing t do with the euro . 
  ** spain and greece had these problems long before switching to the euro . 
  ** the 2008 crisis only drove them off the edge . 
   selling factories to western conglomerates for 1 % of their value , privatization of healthcare those happened because of corruption . 
  the government putting the interests of a few before the interests of the many . 
  the eu and euro have nothing to do with how each country governs itself . 
   because southern economies works differently . 
  they are not based on exportation . 
  and it affected everybody you know . 
  and how is the eu and euro to blame for all of that ? 
  if their economies failed by themselves and got a big push off the edge from the 2008 crisis , how is that the fault of the eu and euro ? 
   the influx of easy money in the greek economy raised the prices on some of the locally produced goods to levels quite above what was before what is `` easy money '' in this context ? 
   while only marine le pen , of the far-right front national , is against any change to the law . 
  i called it before actually reading the article . 
   printing money and causing inflation is exactly how many economic crises are created . 
  because of this , and other on-going problems , economic crises happen on a regular basis every other decade . 
  and each time the blame is shifted towards something else so that the real problem is never fixed and the cycle continues . 
   prices certainly increased with the adoption of the euro , but so did wages . 
  did they change proportionately ? 
  were there no anomalies ? 
  like things being cheaper or more expensive after the change and after the conversion ? 
  i 'm asking this about prices and wages . 
  something similar happened in my country , romania , in 2005 . 
  we switched from the rol to the ron . 
  the action meant removing four zeroes from the rol meaning that 1 ron = 10 000 rol . 
  prices and wages were unaffected . 
  there was absolutely no change in the economy . 
  the same thing should apply with switching to the euro if a fixed conversion ratio is used in the change . 
   the problem of greece was the easy borrowing of money from the government this is consistent with the more in depth articles like the one on wikipedia . 
  thanks for sharing . 
   yes , the second crisis , not the first one . 
  the first one lead to the second one . 
  you 're treating them as if they are not connected . 
  this is false . 
   they would have recovered faster and better without the euro . 
  why ? 
   nor would they have been as easily able to get to the horrible position they got into without the euro . 
  they always had big problems . 
  even before the euro . 
  their problems got a lot worse when the 2008 crisis hit . 
  you could argue that being in the eu helped them because greece was bailed out twice . 
  spain and greece always had problems . 
  if the euro is the problem , then why did germany and other countries manage to beat the crisis ? 
  they are now doing just fine . 
  and they all use the euro . 
  people are ignoring previously existing problems and the 2008 crisis . 
   you still do n't understand , the currency is relevant because you can change the ratio from 4 pesos for 1 euro to 40 pesos for 1 euro and because your debts are in pesos you can pay it off . 
  that would cripple the economy and generate crazy inflation . 
  you ca n't pay off a debt by printing more money . 
  that 's what the us does and they have the biggest external debt in the world . 
  and it 's constantly growing . 
  the second place is far behind the debt of the us . 
  they accepted the terms of the bailout via referendum . 
  they were pressuring the eu for the bailout . 
   to keep within the monetary union guidelines , the government of greece for many years simply [ misreported economic statistics ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#2010_revelations_and_imf_bailout ) . 
  they made it worse themselves . 
  they had , not 1 , but 2 bailouts . 
  the point of this whole post is that people always blame the eu and the euro while ignoring the 2008 crisis which affected the economies of all countries on the planet . 
  the eu and euro are scapegoats . 
  other countries managed just fine . 
  only greece and spain are still struggling because they always had problems . 
  even before they joined the eurozone . 
   and in real life people should be able to say un-pc , rude , or just pain wrong things to each other . 
  censorship is censorship , if you 're defending it just say so . 
  it 's not about being rude .
