  ... ... ...  also you are being kind of missleading i think . 
  nobody is talking specifically about the latest crisis but about the last 50 or so years . 
  how am i being misleading ? 
  ** i clearly said that immigrants are n't an eu specific problem . 
  there will always be immigrants . 
  ** the us , for example , has way more undocumented immigrants than the eu . 
  why ? 
  because they send them back and they just keep coming . 
  this `` solution '' does n't work . 
  ** the us spends billions on border security . 
  the eu spends some of that money on immigrant social welfare that actually helps people . 
  ** i 'm all for having immigration policies . 
  but `` building a wall '' is n't one . 
  gdp growth is relative . 
  romania has actually been leading on this just because it 's relative to the current gdp value for each country . 
  growth is always good . 
   the fact that your healthcare system is accumulating debt is actually a local problem . 
  debt is n't always bad . 
  that 's usually the way in which things grow because otherwise it would take much longer . 
  romania has growth , but is still fighting corruption . 
  for every good policy there are 10 other bad ones that try to take it down . 
  this sometimes feels like an uphill battle , but when you look at things you see the good changes . 
  even if they are slow . 
   easy to be a xenophile when your country does n't have any immigrants . 
  easy to say when you 're wrong . 
   in 2013 , there were 198,839 immigrants living in romania , of which 13,000 were refugees . 
   immigration is expected to increase in the future , as large numbers of romanian workers leave the country and are being replaced by foreigners . 
  [ immigration to romania ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_romania ) there are actually lots of foreign workers in romania . 
  i live in bucharest and i always see chinese , lebanese minding about their own business . 
  there are more and more eu tourists as well . 
  people here accept them . 
  this helps with the whole process because part of the problem is xenophobia . 
  ** people hating other people does n't help people feel welcome . 
  easy to say when your entire argument is based on xenophobia . 
  and all of this while ignoring your own problems . 
  instead of fixing your own problems , you ignore them and spread a whataboutist rhetoric regarding other countries . 
  that 's like making fun of your neighbor 's problems , even though you have the same problems on top of others . 
   can you please find me where i said that ? 
  the very article we 're commenting on says that the eu is `` committing suicide '' . 
   in no way do we benefit from this immigration , and actually enforcing eu 's border is the best thing it can do , and not let 2 million people walk around however they want . 
  you 're exaggerating . 
  these immigrants can not roam around freely . 
  their stay is conditioned . 
  many of them are actually sent back . 
   i said that they are going experience worse services than before how are they going to experience worse services when the whole continent is actually experiencing economical growth despite the immigrant crisis . 
  that means more money . 
  more money means better services because the eu actually spends money on universal healthcare and free education . 
  this is n't true in the us . 
  the us economy has been left behind by the eu . 
  the us does n't have universal healthcare or free education to improve upon . 
  trump is actually pushing to cut their budgets and even repeal aca . 
  the us is going in reverse in terms of social services while the eu is constantly getting better because it can afford it . 
   in no way have this immigrants contributed to that . 
  you 're shifting goal posts , bro . 
  first you claim the eu is doing poorly . 
  now you claim refugees are n't pulling their weight because they 're refugees . 
  social integration takes time . 
  some of them actually manage to do this , but most of them do n't even speak the local language . 
  repatriation is the preferred solution most of the time . 
  building a wall and spending millions on preventing them entry will not stop them from coming . 
  look at the us . 
  it has millions of undocumented immigrants . 
  the eu not only documents them , it also has programs to deal with them by either integrating them or repatriating them . 
  these things take time , however . 
   more recipients of services , the same people paying for those services --  worse services . 
  this is false . 
  there are special funds being used for refugees . 
  and the economy not only handles it , the services are n't suffering from it because the economy is flourishing . 
  the eu has way better healthcare and education than the us . 
  you clearly have no idea how the eu deals with this problem . 
   still working does n't mean improving . 
  did you read the article ? 
  it is improving . 
  the eu is now the world 's second most powerful economy . 
  this place was previously held by the us . 
  [ what is the world 's largest economy ? 
  ] ( https://www.thebalance.com/world-s-largest-economy-3306044 )  the european union was in second place , generating $ 19.2 trillion . 
  together , china and the eu generate 33.9 percent of the world 's economic output of $ 119.4 trillion . 
   ** the united states fell to third place ** , producing $ 18.6 trillion . 
   gdp growth does n't have any connection to it read the article . 
  it claims that the eu is doing poorly economically because of immigrants . 
  on the contrary . 
  the eu is doing good despite having so many immigrants . 
   sweden is estimated to spend ~ 20 % of it 's budget on migrants . 
  first of all , that 's an exaggerated estimate made by an anti-immigrant site . 
  it 's not an official figure . 
  the swedish economy is renown for actually being strong and stable . 
  the immigrant crisis has n't changed this . 
   to put this in perspective , imagine if the us spent $ 608 billion a year , same proportion . 
  secondly , the exact same fear mongering rhetoric is used in the us . 
  [ the fiscal cost of unlawful immigrants and amnesty to the u.s. 
  taxpayer ] ( http://www.heritage.org/immigration/report/the-fiscal-cost-unlawful-immigrants-and-amnesty-the-us-taxpayer )  there are approximately 3.7 million unlawful immigrant households in the u.s. 
  these households impose a net fiscal burden of around $ 54.5 billion per year . 
  the people that make these arguments are the same ones that want to take away healthcare and social services from the poor , regardless if they are immigrants or not . 
  the eu is doing so well just because it has lots of social services like universal healthcare and free education . 
  ** you ca n't have a strong economy if people are too sick or unqualified for the job . 
   why is pointing out the usa 's deficiencies at all relevant in this conversation ? 
  this is the definition of whataboutism . 
  the entire discussion is about one big promo stunt for a [ book ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/strange-death-europe-immigration-identity/dp/1472942248 ) written on the `` what about the eu '' rhetoric . 
  this is literally how it markets itself .
