   france and the uk totally did n't create modern middle eastern borders and piss off the entire arab world . 
  things were being mended after the colonial era . 
  old wounds were not left to heal , instead they were reopened . 
  and the us led the charge . 
  the us is n't the only one to blame , but it holds the majority of the blame . 
  the war in iraq was based on false premises . 
  there were no chemical weapons . 
  there was , however , a coalition of 35 countries led by the us that invaded iraq . 
   yeeeah i have a feeling this study is a bit dubious . 
  being ranked first does n't mean that it 's perfect . 
  it only means that it works , and that there is room for it to be even better . 
  it 's not a black and white issue . 
   i 'd put freedom of speech , movement ( allowed to leave the country ) and access to safe food and water ahead of providing healthcare services . 
  you ca n't express yourself , move to another country or even work for a decent living if you 're crippled by disease or medical bills . 
  medical bills are the top reason why families go bankrupt in the us . 
  healthcare and education should always be the top 2 priorities . 
  in that order . 
   what is the largest budget item of the federal goverment ? 
  it 's not the military . 
  it 's not federal pensions . 
  it 's healthcare the us spends the most on healthcare but also has the highest prices . 
  so how much does the us spend on healthcare ? 
  most of that money goes into big pharma corporate bank accounts while very little is actually used for healthcare . 
  if you have 10 times the budget for healthcare but prices are also 10 times bigger , how much do you really spend on healthcare ? 
  you 're literally ignoring the prices while boasting that you pay the most for healthcare . 
  ** spending more does n't necessarily mean more or better services . 
  ** in the case of us , a bigger budget only means bigger prices . 
  [ people are going bankrupt from their medical bills . 
  ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2017/05/05/this-is-the-no-1-reason-americans-file-for-bankruptcy/101148136/ ) you ca n't ignore this . 
  ignoring it is what made it a huge problem in the first place . 
   the point being made was that the us actually spends a ton on us healthcare so cutting military spending is n't going to fix it . 
  then why is trump cutting healthcare budgets while increasing military spending ? 
  is this going to improve us healthcare ? 
   the outcomes are n't what people may have wanted but that was n't on the military they did what they were tasked with doing when a soldier kills someone , both him and his commanders are to blame . 
  see the nuremberg trials after ww2 . 
   so again if the us spent the exact same amount on healthcare as they do today but used a universal healthcare system they would have good healthcare yes ? 
  probably , but this is n't the case . 
   so military spending has nothing to do with it . 
  it has . 
  first of all , the whole system works by spending as much money on things that have inflated prices . 
  if healthcare sucks it 's because the system sucks . 
  and the system sucks because it 's all based on private profit for those in power and their lobbyists . 
  it 's blatantly obvious . 
  if the system worked , the budget would n't be the same . 
  they would cut healthcare funds and divert the money to the military . 
  this is not a supposition . 
  this is reality . 
  trump is already doing this . 
  in the proposed budget for 2017 , healthcare budget is cut while military spending is increased . 
  and this happened with the current system that sucks . 
  imagine what would happen if healthcare did work and all of that money was n't required . 
  it all revolves around money and war . 
   just for the record in vietnam the us military had the opportunity to end the war very early but were told to pull back by washington . 
  iraq is no different the politicians never listened to the military leaders . 
  war is politics . 
  it has little to do with patriotism or the fight for freedom . 
  especially when you inadvertently spawn isis . 
   no your specific point was about funding here 's the specific point about funding . 
  the us spends the most on healthcare but also has the highest prices . 
  so how much does the us spend on healthcare ? 
  most of that money goes into big pharma corporate bank accounts while very little is actually used for healthcare . 
  if you have 10 times the budget for healthcare but prices are also 10 times bigger , how much do you really spend on healthcare ? 
  you 're literally ignoring the prices while boasting that you pay the most for healthcare . 
  ** spending more does n't necessarily mean more or better services . 
  ** in the case of us , a bigger budget only means bigger prices . 
  [ people are going bankrupt from their medical bills . 
  ] ( https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2017/05/05/this-is-the-no-1-reason-americans-file-for-bankruptcy/101148136/ ) you ca n't ignore this . 
  ignoring it is what made it a huge problem in the first place . 
   you know what proposed means ? 
  it means that congress has to agree to it . 
  and guess who has a majority in congress ? 
  the republicans . 
  trump is a republican . 
  that budget was made by republicans . 
  you 're debating semantics , bro . 
  you 're literally defending trump with the idea that what he wrote on paper is n't law yet . 
  what are you going to say when it does become law ? 
  nothing , that 's what . 
  you 're going to ignore it . 
  what about the bill to repeal and replace aca ? 
  why are n't you defending trump on that one ? 
  why are you ignoring it ? 
  [ the revised gop healthcare plan is still a massive cut for the 69 million americans on medicaid ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/what-is-medicaid-medicare-ahca-trumpcare-bcra-revised-healthcare-news-2017-7 )  the nonpartisan congressional budget office released its analysis for the original senate bill in late june , and estimated that provisions in it would result in $ 772 billion in cuts to medicaid spending by 2026 . 
  a later analysis by the cbo found that the cuts get even deeper by 2036 . inb4 : the bill is n't out yet so trump did n't do anything ? 
   trump does not set budgets . 
  he has not , and can not , do such a thing . 
  [ medical research , health care face deep cuts in trump budget ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/health-shots/2017/05/23/529654114/medical-research-health-care-face-deep-cuts-in-trump-budget )  the proposed budget unveiled tuesday by the trump administration doubles down on major cuts to biomedical research ; programs to fight infectious disease outbreaks ; health care for the poor , elderly and disabled ; and prevention of hiv/aids . 
  at least you 're consistent . 
   it is about both so i was right when saying that you were xenophobic . 
   are you fucking retarded ? 
  thanks for the `` kind '' words . 
  this discussion ends here . 
   i said educated immigrants are better than uneducated immigrants if you 're referring only about immigrants and not refugees , then it 's ok . 
  this discussion , however , is about refugees , not immigrants . 
   do you think that canada 's entire immigration system is xenophobic because we choose who can immigrate here based on their education and skills ? 
  but you forget this is about refugees , not immigrants . 
  you seem confused about the two notions even though you claim to know the difference . 
  why did you bring up immigrants into a discussion about refugees if you knew the difference and do not want to ban refugees based on their education ? 
   nice to see your grasp on satire also matches your financial knowledge lol , wut ? 
   tell me to sell all you like .
