   in the case of refugees you have nothing but a name , a country and a date/location of birth . 
  how do you know how secret services do their job ? 
  ** you 're making ignorant assumptions and drawing conclusions based on them . 
  **  if i tell you i 'm ali baba from al-quds in syria , 32 years old and lost my papers , how are you going to start investigating ? 
  i do n't work for the secret services and neither do you . 
  claiming to know how they operate is just an exercise of ignorance . 
  ** it 's typical know-it-all mentality : nobody can do it because i ca n't . 
   the culture spread to the uk via immigrant communities where 's your proof ? 
  the reports say nothing about immigrants . 
  they blame it on gang violence . 
  do only immigrants form gangs ? 
   the vast majority of these attacks are carried out by immigrants , and that 's the reality of it . 
  again , where 's your proof ? 
  [ acid attacks : what has led to the rise and how can they be stopped ? 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-40559973 )  metropolitan police figures obtained by the bbc show men are twice as likely to be victims of acid attacks in london than women after being linked to a number of gang crimes . 
  by your logic , women should be the predominant target because that 's what 's happening in south asia where these attack first appeared . 
  you 're making bold claims without having any proof . 
  you 're blaming crimes on a group of people without having any proof . 
  that 's textbook xenophobia and you know it . 
  you 're just offended by the thought of being xenophobic so you make weak correlations . 
  correlation does not imply causation . 
  you then argument around the semantics of correlation because you 've been proven wrong and try to move the goal post . 
  it 's all a weak show of force that has zero credibility and zero facts . 
  the facts paint you as a xenophobe and you hate that . 
   these issues exist only in your head you 're still ignoring the fact that immigrants were the victims , that the last known attacker was a white uk male and that most of the attacks were motivated by theft . 
  these are facts . 
  they 're not `` in your head '' because you 're ignoring them . 
  this discussion is over . 
   how fucking dense are you ? 
  great argument , bro . 
   they are better because their education is better . 
  so , if their country does not have good education , it 's their fault , right ? 
  they are lesser humans because they want more but have less , right ? 
  bro , this is xenophobia . 
  it 's petty and cruel . 
  it 's also illegal . 
  germany 's constitution allows refuge to all those who seek it . 
  it 's people like you who should be deported to those countries just so that you get an idea about how it 's like . 
   yeah many second generation immigrants with parents from the middle east and africa ... do you realize this does n't help your argument ? 
  do you realize that people like you were saying the same thing about their parents back when they first arrived in germany ? 
  how are they any better ? 
  they are better because they got to germany then and not now ? 
  this only proves my point that you 're being xenophobic . 
  you 've done this every single time we 've had this discussion . 
  you fail to understand that all people have the same rights . 
  sure , vet them all you want as long as you respect their rights equally . 
   they walk around with nike shoes and iphone 7 in their hands . 
  wow . 
  some have shoes and phones . 
  they must be rich . 
  / s  some are poor , no discussion , but not as many as people here make it sound . 
  so they are rich but willingly get crammed on boats and buses while some of them do not even survive the trip ? 
   some paid 10.000 usd to get on a ship to eu what 's your source for this ? 
  crammed with other hundreds just like them on a tiny shitty ship , right ? 
  and lots of them do not survive the trip ? 
  for 10 000 $ ? 
  really ? 
  are you sure you 're not pulling this out of your ass ? 
   yet , totally different % of what the cut of your paycheck is going to be . 
  again , are germans poor ? 
  no , they 're not . 
  they 're among the richest people in the eu if not the richest . 
  you trying to move the goal post from immigrants to taxes . 
  stay on topic or this discussion is over . 
   germans are turning sour on angela merkel if you ignore the past few months , sure , this is the case . 
  immigration is a hot topic . 
  in more recent polls she 's actually gained a lot . 
  https://www.theatlas.com/charts/417kaxt2e and this is due to her positions that contrast to those of the uk and the us , both of which are anti-immigration . 
   immigrant decent is different than taking in refugees . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  how do you think that immigrant descent happened ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stuttgart#immigrants  40 % of the city 's population is of foreign background ... ... . .  technically i am of immigrant decent as my dad is polish . 
  by your logic , you dad should have been denied access to germany . 
  you would n't have even existed . 
  how does that make you feel ? 
   yeah bro , legal italian / turkish / greek immigrants are on average better than these afganistani / somalian / sudanese illegal migrants in terms of education and literacy rates , just to name two things . 
  why are they better ? 
  because they 're legal ? 
  what about illegal italian / turkish / greek immigrants ? 
   has terrorism gotten worse with the largely muslim immigrant waves ? 
  correlation does n't imply causation . 
  also , most of the recent attacks were made by people with citizenship that were living in the country for many years , and not by immigrants . 
  you 're grasping for straws in order to blame immigrants . 
   people around the world generally want the same things out of life , a job , a family , happiness , etc. 
  so in this way we are all equal , but to say an italian immigrant is on average the same as a somalian immigrant is not correct . 
  why ? 
  how are they different ? 
  be specific . 
   germans act like refugees and get money why ? 
  because  there was a recent one who got money from many bundesl\u00e4nder great logic , bro . 
  if one guy does it , everybody does it . 
   what are you going to do past checking facebook ( usually blank ) ? 
  call the mayor of the town the guy was born in and ask him to vouch for the guy ? 
  you 're doing nothing now but exercising your ignorance . 
  how to the germans catch all of the terrorists that they catch ? 
  they foiled a lot of attacks . 
  little of them were being planned by immigrants . 
  they also deny access for lots of immigrants . 
  do you really think they check their facebook accounts ? 
  or call their mayor ?
