   i have n't heard a thing about < factual news  in the local media . 
  this happens so often in russia that it might as well be in the national anthem lyrics . 
   they would n't have to fight or take part in official exercises until after they 'd finish college or have turned 21 or something . 
  it would be cruel to fuck up someone 's life before it even started . 
  it 's better to wait until it actually starts . 
  that way they 'd have nothing to lose or regret . 
  yeah ... because why let adults volunteer when you can conscript all kids ? 
  if it works for african guerrilla factions , why not in the civilized world ? 
   when you try to argue with someone when they correct you on trying to bring `` factual evidence '' into a discussion on intelligence operations , you 're going to get laughed out of the conversation , no matter how much verbal wriggling you try to do . 
  verbal wriggling ? 
  really ? 
  you ca n't face the fact that you blatantly lied about what i said so you resort to insulting me ? 
  this is not how you win an argument , bro . 
   no amount of forced smiley faces and bold letters can change the fact that you 're wrong , and worse , unable to handle it maturely . 
  have a good one . 
  you 're projecting , bro . 
  you 're the one being immature by insulting someone and then leaving . 
  the people . 
  it 's always the people . 
   i am saying that you 're overreacting . 
  there is a fine line between healthy skepticism and solipsism . 
  i am stating the facts . 
  it security does n't deal with anything else . 
  trust is not an acceptable security plan . 
  also , i never said people should n't use any of those services . 
  it 's a personal choice . 
  i use gmail . 
  :p my point was that this whole eu trend is aimed not at the technology but at the legislation . 
  they want laws to force service providers to store and hand over user data on demand . 
   that does n't change anything - literally anything - about a discussion of whether or not they operate on complete information , which was the point of the original post you attempted to contest . 
  that was n't my point . 
  i said that  `` having a good idea '' is not factual evidence . 
  and this came as a response to someone who was claiming that it takes little evidence for a spy to get caught . 
  factual evidence is require for a spy to be caught and prosecuted . 
  i never assumed they operate on factual evidence alone . 
  ** you fabricated this statement in your mind on my behalf . 
  ** [ my point ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wngxx/swedish_intelligence_says_it_identified_foreign/debsx6f/ ) was actually akin to what you are saying now . 
   this whole `` russia is undermining foreign elections '' looks stupid and far fetched , yet governments from around the world are reporting it . 
  with the point being that you should  try to keep an open mind . 
   yes , you ca n't even trust that you 're inhaling air unless you measure it chemically every time you breathe in by that logic . 
  but you can be damn near perfectly sure by judging the circumstances . 
  you 're only proving my point that you have to trust them with your data . 
   of course that your level of security is going to be dictated by that of the recipient when it comes to email i 'm glad we finally agree on this . 
    there are other open source providers that have closed networks ( like signal ) - i.e. , you can only communicate with other users in their network . 
  i agree on this as well . 
  when it comes to 1 on 1 communication there are lots of open source solutions that you can easily deploy yourself . 
  the matrix protocol comes to mind since it uses peer to peer connections to send all of the communication . 
   oh yeah , and making something bold does n't necessarily make it true . 
  no , but it makes it stand out . 
  and that helps because you were missing my point . 
  you 're forgetting that they intentionally never release their full reports to the public in order to not compromise the investigation or themselves . 
  what they know is usually less than what is required to factually prove something ** but way more than what they release to the public ** . 
  this was my point . 
   actually some of them ( like protonmail ) opensource the code , so you 're absolutely free to audit it . 
  first of all , you have absolutely no guarantee that the code they 're running is the same as the code they 've released . 
  secondly , let 's assume that they do , in fact , protect your privacy and encrypt your data on their servers . 
  ** what happens when you send an email to a person that does n't use protonmail or any such service ? 
  ** most people use notoriously insecure email services that hold little value for user privacy . 
   you should look up tresorit . 
  or threema . 
  or spideroak . 
  again , you have to trust them not to store and release your data because you do n't know what 's behind their servers . 
  all snooping legislation involves nondisclosure of the snooping act . 
  these laws already exist in the us and all companies have to comply . 
  similar laws are now being discussed in the eu and this is bad . 
   it stops being a problem of encryption then . 
  as i said before , the eu does n't want to break encryption . 
  they have no idea how it works or what it is . 
  they use `` encryption '' as a way of saying `` we ca n't read your emails '' . 
  what they want is legislation that will allow them to force companies to store and hand over emails and personal messages . 
  it 's like how trump says `` he has people who are good at cyber '' only less stupid . 
   you 're right about that , and encryption assumes that all wrong kind of things will happen to the message . 
  it should protect against tampering , impersonating , unauthorised reading and the current algorithms do a good job at this . 
  encryption only assures you that the messages you sent is the message being received and that nobody read it while in transit . 
  ** after it 's received , you no longer have control over what happens to it . 
  ** you literally have to trust that the receiver wo n't store it and divulge it to third parties . 
  and trust is never good security . 
   you know there 's lots of zero knowledge system providers , right ? 
  you know this how ? 
  because they said so ? 
  [ you 're so cute . 
  :d ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yahoo-nsa-exclusive-iduskcn1241yt )  and this can be demonstrated by the fact that many of them ca n't port accounts between devices c : hello , customer support ? 
  cs : yes . 
  c : can you guys port my account . 
  cs : no . 
  boom !, 
  evidence !, 
   in the intelligence business you never have `` factual evidence . '', 
  it 's international espionage , not a forensics lab . 
  this statement is based on the assumption that what we see in the news is what spy agencies have . 
  you 're forgetting that they intentionally never release their full reports to the public in order to not compromise the investigation or themselves . 
   if encryption is done properly big if . 
  the fact is nobody knows what happens with the message once it 's sent . 
  and precedents have shown that companies like yahoo actually store your data . 
  how else would you be able to read all your emails from multiple devices and from a browser if they di n't store them and were not able to decrypt them ? 
   most domestic agencies have a good idea who is real embassy staff and who are spies sorry , bro , but `` having a good idea '' is not factual evidence . 
   that 's why you have situations like the us expelling russian operatives and russia having the ability to reply in kind and those things always get serious news coverage because they 're not linked to russia trying to undermine the elections in other countries . 
  because they look serious . 
  this whole `` russia is undermining foreign elections '' looks stupid and far fetched , yet governments from around the world are reporting it . 
  try to keep an open mind .
