  [ greece applauded for budget cuts as investors warm to its bills ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-07-12/eu-is-said-to-acknowledge-that-greece-put-budget-house-in-order )  while largely symbolic , the decision marks an important step for greece , which has been relying on international bailouts to stay afloat since 2010 , as it seeks to return to normality and regain market access . 
  adding to signs of a brightening outlook , foreign investors bought 59 percent of the 812.5 million euros ( $ 928 million ) of three-month treasury bills the government sold on wednesday . 
   and it went as expected when you pile up more unrecoverable debts on top of each other . 
  germany and co gave them those loans knowing that they will probably never pay them back . 
  if you think that greece will pay its debts to germany , then you 're being naive . 
  as you said , germany gave them the money so that the whole eurozone would n't collapse . 
   for now , the lazy greek trope is holding . 
  but in the end , default for greece is unavoidable . 
  greece has had a budget surplus in 2016 . 
  a first since 2008 . 
  they also made poss mandatory for all tourism related businesses to reduce tax fraud . 
  things are getting better , not worse . 
   around 3.4 million british tourists visited the balearic islands in 2016 , with the majority visiting majorca . 
  authorities want to change the islands ' image and reduce the number of mass tourists . 
  recently there have been calls for alcohol bans on flights to the islands . 
  the problem will solve itself in less than 2 years . 
   a different kind of tourism could be promoted in the island , not just getting drunk and wasted in the street . 
  is the ministry of tourism supposed to deny people building bars ? 
  how is the ministry of tourism responsible for what people decide to build on their own property ? 
  is there even such a thing as tourism zone planning ? 
  fool me once , shame on you . 
  fool me twice , shame on me . 
  czechia is in the `` fool me once '' stage . 
  france and germany have skipped this stage by learning from the mistakes of others . 
   how the fuck am i supposed to know you did n't mean what you said ? 
  because i never said it . 
  that 's entirely your own assumption . 
  i told you how democratic countries do it . 
  i never said that 's how they are supposed to do it or else not be democratic . 
  that 's your own biased interpretation . 
  you interpreted what i said based on your own bias and started a meaningless discussion about semantics . 
   i never said i was n't . 
  i told you about my bias . 
  exactly . 
  you never said you were biased . 
  you took a quote out of context and admitted to being biased only after being confronted about it . 
   but you did say that . 
  if you say `` democratic countries do x. . . '' then you are also saying that any country that does n't do x is not democratic . 
  no , dude , i 'm not saying that . 
  you are . 
  do not make assumptions on my behalf . 
  you 're debating semantics at this point . 
  that 's the bottom of the barrel for any argument . 
  you also seem to agree that poland is trying to achieve an imbalance of power which means that you 're arguing just for the sake of it . 
  you 're being a troll . 
  this discussion is over . 
   and i am skeptical because many multinationals are officially `` dutch '' but only for our tax incentives , adding very little to no real benefit to the economy . 
  your `` skepticism '' does n't justify taking a quote out of context . 
  this only proves that you 're biased . 
   except for how the creative accounting was manufactured by goldman sachs starting in 2002 using cross currency swaps . 
  look up for the 2010 spiegel article on the subject on google . 
  goldman sachs is a us company . 
  the 2008 crisis started in the us and affected the whole planet . 
  greece should have recovered years ago if not for their deficit and debt figures being manipulated by their own government . 
   but do n't forget , it is the greeks fault and they deserve an eternal debt hell i never said this . 
  do not make statements on my behalf . 
  this is exactly the kind of behavior that leads to people blaming others for their own problems . 
   yes , anyone who does it any differently than this one exact way with this precise balance is non democratic . 
  good one , comrade . 
  i never said that , bro . 
  why are you assuming things on my behalf ? 
  and what 's up with the `` comrade '' remark ? 
  the point is that , in order to have separation of powers , you need to name your judges by a panel of people that come from more than just one branch of the state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_council_of_the_judiciary  in 2017 the council of europe criticized the inclusion of only six women members on the 25-member national council of the judiciary , and also the fact that the 15 self-elected judges served `` joint '' terms , meaning all 15 are replaced en masse every four years . 
   under a 2017 draft law aimed at reforming the national council of the judiciary , the 15 judges nominated by the self-governments would , instead , be elected by the sejm . 
  the sejm is the lower house of the polish parliament . 
  poland wants reform the judicial system by having the judges named by a council which will be formed by a majority of parliament representatives and remove the local representatives of the people . 
  6 +15 = 21 21 of 25 members , who will name the judges , will be from the parliament . 
  this is a huge imbalance of power . 
   the ft article . 
  see top comment . 
  the ft article says that  such a shift could involve hundreds of jobs moving to amsterdam out of the 2,100 people mufg employs in london . 
  but one person briefed on the plan said it would initially affect fewer than 100 jobs . 
  this means that more than 100 jobs will move in phases . 
  you took that out of context and said that `` less than 100 jobs will move . 
   the article is clearly speaking about the impact the crisis and the austerity measures had on the general population by interviewing some people and generalizing from their out of context quotes . 
  this is n't an article about statistics and objective facts , it 's an emotion driven article based on conjecture . 
  they 're using 2015 study figures to paint a picture of poverty in greece in 2017 in order to ignore the progress made in 2016 . 
  i agree that people in greece are rightfully skeptical about their own politicians , but people outside of greece are using this to blame the eu for how it `` failed '' greece while ignoring the fact that greek politicians failed greece . 
   nothing about how the debt came to be or euroskepticism or whatever . 
  the title of the article reads as `` greek debt crisis : ` people ca n't see any light at the end of any tunnel ' '' . 
  most people will only read that . 
  from what i understand , they recently passed a law that obligates everyone to have poss and to allow people to pay via cards . 
  implementation is slow , but it 's happening . 
   but why did you then bring euroscepticism into it ? 
  it 's not about what the greeks think , it 's about what others think about greece . 
  this is an article in english from theguardian [ dot ] com , an uk news outlet . 
  the article is trying to diminish the progress that greece has made . 
  otherwise , i agree with the fact that people are skeptical about the politicians that brought them the mess in the first place . 
  however , the title and general tone of the article makes it sound like the progress is irrelevant and that greece will never recover , even though they are doing just that . 
   less than 100 jobs will move . 
  according to the other article . 
  what other article ? 
   the german law apply to steam aswell . 
  only if you 're from germany . 
  this is about people from outside germany buying things from amazon.de . 
  german law does not apply to them if they buy things from steam . 
   are n't judges elected only by other judges in poland , though ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judiciary_of_poland  court judges in poland are nominated by the krajowa rada s\u0105downictwa ( national council of the judiciary ) and are appointed for life by the president of poland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_council_of_the_judiciary  the national council of the judiciary has 25 members : a representative of the president of poland , the minister of justice , six members of parliament elected by it to serve four-year terms , the first president of the supreme court of poland , the first president of the supreme administrative court of poland , and 15 judges elected by the `` self-governments '' to four-year terms .
