   typical . 
  they move their money but not their jobs . 
  read the article , bro . 
   mufg could move hundreds of its 2,100 london employees to the dutch capital , sources told the financial times . 
   it does n't ban vpns and proxies . 
  it prohibits vpns and proxies to allow access to banned resources . 
  tl ; dr : we did n't ban the internet . 
  we just banned parts of the internet and the use of technology that would have allowed you to use all the internet . 
  yeah , this is way better . 
  russia is a bastion of democracy . 
  / s  a second law also signed by putin on july 29 -- and published july 30 -- will require operators of instant messaging services , such as messenger apps , to establish the identity of those using the services by their phone numbers . 
   this law , set to take effect on january 1 , 2018 , will also require operators to restrict access to users at the authorities ' request if the users are disseminating content deemed illegal in russia . 
   russian authorities in recent years have escalated efforts to prosecute internet users for online content considered extremist or insulting to religious believers . 
  tl ; dr : we did n't ban you from using the internet . 
  we banned you from insulting the church and you can no longer use the internet . 
  this is n't censorship , this is justice . 
   `` there are 51 families who depend on us , and a lot of them feel desperate . 
  ok , greece has escaped bankruptcy , it has even dipped its toes in the markets again but , so what if its people have been left bankrupt in the process ? '' it 's a shitty article that uses conjecture to paint a gloom and doom picture over a bright canvas . 
  tl ; dr : they acknowledge that things are , indeed , getting better , but they 're upset that they are n't getting better faster . 
  the standard euro-skeptic logic is to blame the eu for their own problems . 
  greece dug its own hole by having its government lie about loan and deficit figures at the start of the 2008 crisis which made it far worse than in other countries . 
  euro-skeptics will be blaming the eu for this for decades , even though it was their own government 's fault . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis  the greek crisis started in late 2009 , triggered by the turmoil of the great recession , structural weaknesses in the greek economy , and ** revelations that previous data on government debt levels and deficits had been undercounted by the greek government ** . 
  the clock is ticking . 
   in german , clumsy censorship , higher quality packaging electronic devices are multilingual and censorship is rare when dealing with movies or games . 
  you can buy these `` censored '' digital products online from shops like steam or streaming services like netflix . 
  democratic countries choose judges via panels that are formed by people from both the government and the parliament , in equal measure ( 50 % each ) . 
  the judges can not be part of either the government or the parliament . 
  poland is trying to change the way judges are appointed so that only the government can name and dismiss judges . 
  this breaches the separation of powers democratic principle . 
  try amazon.de . 
  you can now change the language to english . 
  you also pay in eur instead of gbp while also having the items delivered to you without any border taxes . 
   i know the cons of aging . 
  but i mean on the long run it will be stable again . 
  no idea how long it will take . 
   when will the current immigration policy pay off ? 
  in one or two generations ? 
  maybe longer ? 
  the government do n't comment on that . 
  you 're being subjective , bro . 
  it takes longer for a new-born to get educated and find a job . 
  it takes less time for an immigrant to do that . 
   and to australia . 
  i heard that 0 people died the last years while trying to cross the sea to australia because of theit strict policy . 
  and how many of them dies while in prison without a fair trial ? 
  read the article i mentioned . 
  australia is literally running concentration camps . 
  the people in there will never get educated or a job . 
  they are slowly dying in inhumane conditions while the australian government is paying millions to keep doing that . 
   are you seriously trying to use ppp to compare national economies ? 
  that 's standard procedure , bro . 
   deviations from parity imply differences in purchasing power of a `` basket of goods '' across countries , which means that ** for the purposes of many international comparisons , countries ' gdps or other national income statistics need to be `` ppp-adjusted ** '' and converted into common units . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purchasing_power_parity the prices in the poorest us state are higher than the prices in the richest eu country . 
   the eu has a gdp of 16.5 t. 
  the us has a gdp of 18.5 t. 
  the us has 175,000,000 or so less people . 
  the us is growing significantly faster than the eu as well . 
  those are gdp estimates for 2017 from april 2017 . 
  the year is n't over yet . 
  you 're counting unhatched chicken . 
  also , that 's raw gdp that does n't account for prices . 
  the prices in the poorest us state are higher than the prices in the richest eu country . 
  here 's a list of countries by gdp adjusted by ppp . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ), 
   hungarians also like not taking in illegal immigrants refugees and illegal immigrants are two different things . 
  you can deny immigrants entrance . 
  this has always been the case . 
  it 's harder to deny asylum to refugees because that 's a basic human right . 
  http://hrlibrary.umn.edu/edumat/hreduseries/hereandnow/part-5/8_udhr-abbr.htm  article 14 right to asylum in other countries from persecution, 
  good . 
  this whole thing smells like another attempt by russia to sow dissent within the eu . 
  we need to stand united . 
   why is having a lower populated country bad ? 
  the less younger people with jobs means less people to pay taxes for the pensions , benefits and welfare of the older population . 
  this means an unsustainable economy . 
  you need to have more working young people than older people on pensions and welfare benefits . 
  this is happening because of an aging population . 
  there are more people retiring than people entering the work force . 
   and it wo n't be forever . 
  there will be a day when aging stops . 
  stagnation is also bad . 
  there is only one way for an economy to work . 
  international prices constantly go up . 
  you either keep up , or you do n't . 
   but please in a more regulated way . 
  like in australia . 
  like in australia ? 
  really ? 
  you picked the worst possible example . 
  [ offshore detention : australia 's recent immigration history a ` human rights catastrophe ' ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2016/nov/13/offshore-detention-nauru-immigration-history-human-rights ) australia forcibly detains all illegal immigrants and refugees in detention camps . 
  instead of educating them and giving them jobs to work and help the economy , they spend millions to keep them in prison camps against their will . 
   bertie ahern says there is no possibility of ireland leaving the eu : ` we 're mad , but we 're not that mad ' the mad man actually said it !, 
  savage quote . 
  if you listen closely , you can hear the sound of 1 in 2 brits gasping while their imported jars of marmite shatter on the floor . 
   the question is why poland and hungary did n't enforce it ... poland and hungary are both on the anti-eu propaganda train , so them playing ball with russia makes sense . 
  they are both turkey wannabes right now . 
  poland and hungary are on the anti-eu propaganda train right now so i 'm not surprised they 're playing ball with russia . 
  no idea about slovakia . 
   europe is literally building walls ( look at hungary ) this is false .
