   why is that ? 
  because the number of refugees has increased . 
  it 's basic math . 
  the bigger the population , the bigger the number of crimes . 
  the crime rate has remained the same . 
  most crimes happen in refugee camps and are perpetrated by repeat offenders as reported by the german federal office of criminal investigation . 
  you 're ignoring these facts because they do not suit your one-sided rhetoric . 
  if you look at raw crime numbers only , you 'll see that immigrants account for less than 10 % of the crimes . 
  most crimes are perpetrated by german citizens . 
  this is normal because there are more germans than refugees . 
  ** the refugee crimes has increased in number because the number of refugees has increased . 
  most crimes happen in refugee camps and are perpetrated by repeat offenders . 
  ** read the wikipedia article . 
  it 's not fake tabloid propaganda . 
  it 's official german government statistics . 
   your whole quote is one big misleading red herring . 
  it 's official german government statistics , bro . 
  it 's data from the german federal office of criminal investigation . 
  your picture shows a peak of 694 crimes , while ignoring the context in which they happen . 
  read the wikipedia article . 
   the figures showed that most of the suspected crimes were by repeat offenders , and that 1 percent of migrants accounted for 40 percent of total migrant crimes . 
  you 're ignoring information because it does n't suit your own one-sided rhetoric . 
   the reasons why our elites are in favor of introducing millions of illiterate violent welfare cases to europe have n't changed . 
  illiterate people can be educated . 
  nobody is born educated . 
  do you deport your own babies for being born illiterate ? 
  the violence argument is false propaganda from the new one-sided rhetoric the media is pushing . 
  [ immigration and crime in germany ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime_in_germany )  while some studies show a correlation between immigrant populations in germany and crime , most social studies on the subject have shown little correlation between migrants and crime in germany . 
   in april 2017 , the crime figures released for 2016 showed that the number of suspected crimes by refugees , asylum-seekers and illegal immigrants increased by 50 percent . 
  the figures showed that most of the suspected crimes were by repeat offenders , and that 1 percent of migrants accounted for 40 percent of total migrant crimes . 
   according to deutsche welle 's reporting in february 2016 of a report by the german federal office of criminal investigation , the number of crimes committed by refugees did not rise in proportion to the number of refugees between 2014-2015 . 
  according to deutsche welle , `` between 2014 and 2015 , the number of crimes committed by refugees increased by 79 percent . 
  over the same period , however , the number of refugees in germany increased by 440 percent . '', 
  also , most of these crimes happen within refugee camps because of the poor living conditions they offer . 
  when you force people to live in poor conditions , any people , violence and crime are inevitable within the scope of these poor conditions because people want decent lives . 
  if you force them to live in poverty , they will revolt . 
  everyone does this , not just refugees . 
   most german `` journalists '' are still in favor of unlimited uncontrolled immigration . 
  the articles you see say otherwise . 
  most of them spell gloom and doom . 
  a total 180 from the previous tone . 
  the fact that this study only covers the period up until late 2015 is also one-sided . 
  the point was that what they write changes . 
  the `` one-sided '' message does n't stay the same . 
  and this study only covers one message . 
  it does n't cover the flip-flop to the other one-sided message . 
  and this , by itself , is one-sided . 
   if current situation wont be changed corruption ( birthed from close ties ) will never cease to exist . 
  the current polish government 's rhetoric is that `` change is good '' . 
  not all change is good . 
  it can actually get worse . 
  what guarantee do you have that the current corrupt judges wo n't be replaced with more corrupt judges which are on good terms with the justice minister ? 
  is the current justice minister corruption-free ? 
  what about the next one who 'll take his place ? 
  the change has to be future-proof . 
  as it is , it will only encourage the appointment of judges that are on good terms with the justice minister . 
  [ this does n't guarantee that they will be corruption-free , on the contrary . 
   but is so much better from current state why is it better ? 
  do you want the judicial to be solely controlled by the executive ? 
  this is a huge step backwards . 
   we 're ready . 
  calm your tits , bro . 
  read the whole article instead . 
   efforts by the trump administration to weaken the ability of congress to push back at the executive branch failed , and instead the revised legislation includes some changes that us companies and european allies wanted to ensure business deals were not affected by new sanctions . 
  people really need to read the whole article before jumping to conclusions . 
   efforts by the trump administration to weaken the ability of congress to push back at the executive branch failed , and instead the revised legislation includes some changes that us companies and european allies wanted to ensure business deals were not affected by new sanctions . 
  read the whole article . 
   efforts by the trump administration to weaken the ability of congress to push back at the executive branch failed , and instead the revised legislation includes some changes that us companies and european allies wanted to ensure business deals were not affected by new sanctions . 
  below from the article . 
   efforts by the trump administration to weaken the ability of congress to push back at the executive branch failed , and instead the revised legislation includes some changes that us companies and european allies wanted to ensure business deals were not affected by new sanctions . 
  yep . 
  the top comments are from literally hours old accounts . 
  they get banned for toxicity , then come back with new accounts . 
   they were n't verified nor purged since then . 
  this only proves that change is required , which is true . 
  however , the current proposed changes will only make the system worse and hand over the judiciary to the executive branch . 
  this is not ok . ** if something is new , it does n't mean that it 's better . 
  ** the current reforms , if passed , will hand over the judicial judge selection and dismissal process into the hands of the executive branch . 
  the justice minister will be the only one who can appoint and dismiss them . 
  this is not ok . 
  this is actually a step backwards from an already shitty system . 
  all other eu countries select their judges via mix panels of people from both the executive and legislative , in equal proportions . 
  and the judges can not be part of the executive or legislative branches . 
  ** the current polish government 's rhetoric is that `` change is good '' . 
  not all change is good . 
  ** you can actually change a system and make it worse . 
  this is what they are trying to do . 
   to the same or lesser degree than in germany , denmark , austria , sweden , holland , spain . 
  you 're generalizing . 
  in germany , for example , judges are selected and dismissed by a mix panel of people equally selected by the legislative branch and members of the executive branch . 
  16 people from each branch , legislative and executive , for a total of 32 which makes up the committee who appoints the judges . 
  the judges may not be part of the executive or legislative branches . 
   the judges at the other federal supreme courts are selected by the judges election committee . 
  the judges election committee is convened by the federal minister of justice . 
  the committee is composed of a total of thirty-two members and consists of the ministers of justice of the sixteen german states and sixteen members selected by the bundestag . 
  https://blogs.loc.gov/law/2016/05/how-judges-are-selected-in-germany/ the same goes for the federal constitution court judges . 
   according to article 94 of the german basic law , the federal constitutional court shall consist of federal judges and other members . 
  half the members of the federal constitutional court shall be elected by the bundestag ( parliament ) and half by the bundesrat ( representation of the german states ) . 
  they may not be members of the bundestag , of the bundesrat , of the federal government , or of any of the corresponding bodies of a land . 
  ** poland 's executive branch wants to do this by itself .
