  seriously , though , you 're the one trying to draw away the attention that a person was jailed for peacefully protesting . 
  what else is there to know ? 
  is the article fake ? 
  is the interview on national tv fake ? 
  does n't the law that jails protesters exist ? 
   dadin was the first russian to be convicted under controversial new anti-protest laws in november 2015 . 
  the legislation prosecutes demonstrators who `` repeatedly '' hold unsanctioned protests , effectively outlawing public dissent which has not been pre-approved by the russian government . 
  russia is not the worst country because i 'm being sarcastic about it . 
  nice logic you got there , comrade . 
  :d  now you want to racially insult me . 
  i do n't do insults . 
  it seems you do n't know me that well after all . 
   this is great news . 
  the best !, 
  `` they confirmed that dadin -- who was jailed for 2.5 years under the law -- had been a `` peaceful '' protester . '', 
   i expect this to be the only comment here . 
  free jail spots to fill ? 
   they confirmed that dadin -- who was jailed for 2.5 years under the law -- had been a `` peaceful '' protester . 
  ...  i wonder if slowly we will see good developments like these happen more often . 
  i hope these things will stop . 
  jailing protesters is never good for a democracy . 
  but , hey , russia is n't one so it 's ok . 
   dadin was the first russian to be convicted under controversial new anti-protest laws in november 2015 . 
  the legislation prosecutes demonstrators who `` repeatedly '' hold unsanctioned protests , effectively outlawing public dissent which has not been pre-approved by the russian government . 
  such nice guys to let him go . 
   they confirmed that dadin -- who was jailed for 2.5 years under the law -- had been a `` peaceful '' protester . 
  such nice guys . 
  they thoroughly investigated his case for 2.5 years . 
  mother russia stronk !, 
  stray cats of < european country name here  , go !, 
  what if it 's all a ploy to make you accept a lesser evil by promoting a bigger one ? 
  this is actually a well known tactic to stimulate creativity by proposing a terrible idea to a group of people who will eventually begin to come up with better alternatives . 
   it will feel good . 
  for a day , or maybe a week . 
  possibly a month . 
  and then . 
  like the brits , who wanted to send a message , so they voted to leave europe only to find out that if you vote to leave europe you , actually have to leave europe . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/donald-trump-president-michael-moore-warning-biggest-f-you-in-human-history-a7406311.html ) the funny thing is that people used this speech , with the end cut out , as a way to falsely prove that it 's ok to vote for trump . 
  it spread like wild fire . 
  fake news has that effect . 
  the irony is that even [ trump tweeted ] ( https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/791738173462310912 ) about one such edited version . 
  was the `` devaluation '' mandated or even suggested by the eu ? 
  or was it a local government idea ? 
  the eu does n't give orders , only suggestions . 
  it 's usually up to the local government how to deal with such a transition . 
  i smell corruption is the source of all the problems . 
  mainly , having devaluation happen preferentially and not relative to the conversion ratio of the former currency . 
  romania did something similar a few years ago when we switched from rol to ron . 
  1 ron = 10 000 rol . 
  this was the whole change apart from issuing new bills . 
  the change had zero impact on the economy . 
  some people still use rol when talking money . 
  it generates funny jokes . 
   ) instead of the 1 to 10 000 ratio , you could have any other ratio with the same end result of having zero impact on the economy . 
  my guess is that this was n't the case in spain , and that the process was n't relative to the former currency conversion ratio . 
  that would , indeed , generate huge problems for the economy . 
   corruption is a problem but it has very little to do with this . 
  corruption has everything to do when it comes to money related problems . 
   spain collapsing is not an impossible scenario . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  here 's hoping for the best . 
  i 've never been to spain , but i heard it 's beautiful . 
  here 's hoping things will be better when i get to visit . 
   that 's why spain had to have an `` internal devaluation '' on wages . 
  all countries who adopted the euro as currency had to go through a similar process by reevaluating prices and wages . 
   competitors outside the eu are very very cheap compared to us . 
  if things were expensive before switching to the euro , it 's logical that they stayed expensive after the switch . 
  switching to a new currency does n't have any impact on prices and wages if the switch is made by respecting the relative value of the former currency . 
  if the process did n't go smoothly that 's probably because of corruption . 
  and spain has a terrible history regarding corruption . 
  :| you guys need to handle corruption first . 
   our primary sector and industry with supposedly price competitive products and services is struggling to keep up with the market , because of the overvalued euro blaming the euro for not being able to keep up with the market is not going to yield any solutions because it 's a false accusation . 
  when an industry ca n't keep up with the market it 's usually because the industry is poorly managed and is producing things that people do not want . 
  if even `` price competitive products and services '' are struggling , then it 's a problem with the product or service itself . 
  think about it . 
  if you 're selling something at a low price and people still do n't want to buy it , then it 's a problem with the product itself . 
  the secret to good commerce it to sell cheap and in large quantities . 
  spain apparently has a problem with actually selling stuff . 
  i live in romania . 
  i often see products made in germany , uk , even greece . 
  i do n't remember ever seeing the words `` made in spain . 
  hang in there . 
  greece was doing badly a while ago but now they are recovering . 
  remember to vote when the time comes and do some research before you vote so that you make a documented choice . 
  as far as i can tell , things are already improving in spain from the [ unemployment rate perspective ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate ) . 
  the [ forecast ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/spain/unemployment-rate/forecast ) is also positive . 
  the problem with ukraine is russia . 
   i do n't consider promising hard measures as fear mongering those `` hard '' measures will not solve the problem . 
  the problem is not that easy to solve . 
  people are to eager to accept any solution without thinking it through . 
  that 's how trump got elected and things only got worse . 
  both are bad tactics . 
  people will believe you and vote for you , not because you 'll make their lives better , but because you 're promising them some magic solution to their fear of violence . 
  this is called [ fear mongering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fearmongering ) . 
  this is bad . 
  she 'll only use it to push her agenda . 
  just how trump politicizes terrorist attacks . 
  it 's despicable . 
  she did admit to receiving campaign funds from russian banks , so this is n't big news .
