  you proposed banning somali refugees because they are uneducated . 
  you ca n't ban refugees based on their education . 
  it 's illegal . 
  you already admitted to this . 
  and saying that somalis are uneducated is prejudice . 
  you 're judging their education based on ethnicity . 
  this is xenophobic . 
   he explained why your point about the us healthcare spending is bullshit so , in other words , you 're wrong because he says so . 
  great logic , bro . 
  and to clarify , the us spends the most on healthcare but also has the highest prices . 
  so how much does the us spend on healthcare ? 
  this was my point . 
  you claim to spend the most but acknowledge the `` system sucks '' only after someone else brings it up . 
  that 's a dishonest argument which i explained in bold text . 
  ** spending more does n't necessarily mean more or better services . 
  **  irak ( first or second war ) was a total military success it was based on the false premise that iraq had chemical weapons . 
  they did n't find any . 
  it was n't a war , it was an invasion that led to the creation of modern terrorist organizations . 
  that 's far from being `` a total military success '' . 
   but you 're mixing up war and the politics put in place afterwards , so i 'm not really surprised you 're confused . 
  the guy brought up the topic of wars as a justification for the high military spending . 
  my answer was that high military spending is n't justified by wars because war is a racket . 
   it 's not irrelevant and you refuse to answer it . 
  answer me this . 
  is water wet ? 
  if yes , then you 're a refugee and you should be deported for having no education . 
  that 's your logic . 
  it makes no sense . 
  but , yes , i already told you that if you are an economical migrant from outside the eu , you need a visa to work in the eu . 
  and to get one you need a higher education . 
  ** this means that somalis have little chance of getting in the eu as economical migrants , unless they are educated . 
  they can and do get in as refugees . 
  ** and why are they refugees ? 
  because they come from impoverished countries that lack , among other things , ** education ** . 
  so , to conclude : uneducated somalis ca n't get in , as economical migrants , because they are not educated , but they can get in as refugees because they are not educated well enough in their country . 
  ** not being educated is not a criteria for entering a country . 
  education is irrelevant . 
  you can still get in as a refugee . 
  it 's your basic right . 
  ** you 're asking me a question that has no relevance to whether or not someone can get into a country . 
  ** asking refugees about their education , in order to allow them entry , is xenophobic and illegal . 
   that 's all well and good , but your main claim was that we spend it all on our military to the detriment of healthcare . 
  trump just decreased the healthcare budget while increasing the budget for the military . 
   which is false and repeated far too often by those who know too little to have an opinion on the matter it 's not false , because most of the money does n't translate into healthcare services but into big pharma profits . 
  it 's actually hypocritical that the us spends so much but people still go bankrupt because of healthcare bills . 
  that 's the number 1 reason for bankruptcy in the us . 
  but , please , tell us how much you spend on healthcare to make yourself feel better . 
  morally . 
  because your health will not benefit much from it . 
   the us could have both an amazing health care system and a huge military without spending a dime differently but it does n't . 
  trump actually cut the budget for healthcare while increasing the budget for the military . 
  these are the priorities of the us . 
  this was my point . 
  france does things differently , and that is good because healthcare needs to be the main focus of every government . 
   we were also talking about economic migrants , i did n't realize we were n't allowed to talk about them and that we can only focus on refugees just because of the article . 
  economical migrants are not the same as refugees , bro . 
  you brought up economical migrants while the discussion was about refugees . 
  that 's moving the goal post because you 're childish and ca n't handle being wrong . 
   thank you for proving my point . 
  moving the goal post and asking an irrelevant question is n't proving your point , bro . 
  it proves only that you ca n't handle losing an argument . 
  it only makes you a sore loser . 
  ** it 's illegal to pick and choose refugees based on their education . 
  why ? 
  basic human rights and the german constitution . 
  ** you 're probably confusing refugees with economical immigrants that are not from the eu . 
  they need a visa to work in the eu . 
  and getting one means having a certain education . 
  refugees and economical migrants are not the same thing . 
   it 's the shah that was supported by the us , the one overthrown by the revolution . 
  my bad with that one . 
  i 've edited my comment accordingly . 
  how about the rest of my argument ? 
  i 'm ok with bitcoin if they regulate it . 
   it 's still volatile and the exchanges practice high transaction fees , though . 
   please also use % in your latter comparison there are far more croatians than refugees from syria , afghanistan or africa combined . 
  ** spending more does n't necessarily mean more or better services . 
  ** it the case of the us , this just means bigger prices . 
  the us has the most expensive healthcare prices in the entire world . 
  [ u.s. healthcare : most expensive and worst performing ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2014/06/us-healthcare-most-expensive-and-worst-performing/372828/ ), 
   first it 's blatantly illegal , of course . 
  of course it 's illegal , mate . 
  my point is that if they do it , your investments are not guaranteed by the government . 
  banks are regulated and your investments are protected . 
  if a bank does it , the government is obligated to reimburse at least part of your money . 
  if an unregulated bitcoin exchange does it , you do n't get anything back . 
  you lose everything . 
  it 's already happened at least twice . 
   no , not yet anyway . 
  the price of the bitcoin have risen pretty steadily these last years . 
  most bitcoins are owned by a handful of people/organizations . 
  from what i heard , most of them are from china . 
   because there also more germans . 
  the population sizes are all difference , so just comparing the absolute numbers makes no sense . 
  what part of this you do n't get ? 
  a crime is still a crime . 
  do you treat them differently because they are german ? 
  you do treat the afghans differently , though . 
  you keep them in in refugee camps . 
  do you keep the germans in refugee camps ?
