  and when scotland wants their own ukexit , the uk does n't allow it . 
  the double standards and hypocrisy are mind blowing . 
   his life-destroying bank-run ` causing currency-shorting activities in the uk , scandinavia , malaysia etc are all well known evils of his so soros controls world banks in order to cause currency shortages in dozens of countries in order to ruin lives ? 
  in the uk ? 
  really ? 
  how about brexit ? 
  did that have no effect on the british pound taking a nose dive ? 
  let me guess ... soros funded brexit . 
   and every new report from the government takes the tone that the tone ? 
  that 's a highly subjective argument . 
  if you can interpret it one way , others can interpret it in another way . 
   `` it has n't worked before , but if we do x and y it will work now '' you 're making it sound like the government is actively trying to bring more immigrants into the country , which is n't the case . 
  you are highly subjective . 
   a decent quality of living if you give a damn about your cattle or your people people are not cattle . 
   platitudes about humanitarianism do n't put food on an unemployable syrian 's plate neither does comparing them to cattle . 
  those `` platitudes '' are the only thing that can give people , any people , a fair chance for a decent living . 
  ** comparing them to cattle only takes away their chance of integrating into a society . 
  **  how ? 
  that is the central question i 'd ask you . 
  you can start by not comparing them to cattle . 
  they do n't get jobs because people like you do n't want to give them jobs . 
   monetize the asylum migrants , make them into valuable employees or net contributors to the treasury , and you 've struck a gold mine . 
  they are not there so you can monetize them . 
  they are not cattle . 
  true . 
  but it 's a bit hypocritical of them to get so butt-hurt about it after all these years of anti eu british propaganda . 
   the problem , rather , is that they are n't taking all that many jobs . 
  it 's a long term investment . 
  it takes time to learn the language ( and german is n't easy ) , the culture and the skills . 
  and it 's been only a while since this whole thing started . 
  the war in syria is n't even over . 
   34,000 refugees [ in germany ] have made the step to the labour market . 
  that 's actually pretty impressive . 
   `` if 50 % of them have a job of any kind in five years , that would be a great result . '', 
  exactly . 
  that 's a lot of people and a lot of jobs . 
  the key thing to remember here is that they are people , not cattle . 
  immigration is a very sensitive issue . 
  extreme measures are always bad . 
  close your borders completely and you keep away even the people that you want , like the us is doing . 
  open them too much , and you end up with immigrant camps . 
  germany has done the later . 
  they 've learned their lesson and are making the best of it . 
  find a way to give them jobs , and you 've solved the problem . 
  people just need to be a little bit tolerant . 
  do n't tolerate extremes , though . 
  and that includes violence and harassment to and from both immigrants and natives . 
   canada has/is getting a `` free trade '' deal with the eu - and yet they are not , have never been , and never will be a member . 
  but they agreed to open their borders . 
  that means free passage for all eu citizens . 
  the uk does n't want this . 
   if free trade is an option for canada ( of course not on the scale being in the single market ) then it is an option for the uk . 
  [ eu parliament vows uk wo n't get free trade deal in the next two years ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/eu-parliament-uk-no-free-trade-deal-two-years-brexit-talks-philip-hammond-optimism-theresa-may-city-a7655686.html )  meps also insisted that if theresa may seeks a transition deal , to cushion the economic blow from brexit , it can only run for three years and must be `` limited in scope '' . 
   there will be no special deal for the city of london giving `` preferential access to the single market and , or , the customs union '' , the parliament will also stipulate . 
   it seems to be agitating some people ... 
  when humor is n't working you 're dealing with someone who feels [ b ] regret . 
  these comics are awesome !, 
   they 'll probably make it a low-tax economy / ~ ~ tax haven ~ ~ and cut public spending per head . 
  just like the us . 
   support for the euro is lower now than a decade ago in those new member states that have not yet joined the single currency : bulgaria , czech republic , croatia , hungary , poland , and romania -- the same applies to denmark and sweden too ; multi speed europe is n't working . 
  bad solutions stimulate creativity and cooperation . 
  in a group of people that are struggling to find the best solutions to common problems , it 's enough to propose a bad idea so that people are stimulated to find better alternatives . 
  thanks , trump !, 
  those damn ~ ~ mexicans ~ ~ immigrants are stealing our jobs !, 
  trump was right !, 
  how do you tip them ? 
   the salty arrogance of the brexiters is enough to turn the english channel into a brexit tear cocktail . 
   speaking publicly , and claiming that she has been pushed by politicians across europe , jourov\u00e1 said that she will outline `` three or four options '' that range from voluntary agreements by business to strict legislation . 
  good luck regulating open source projects . 
   in the not-too-distant past meaning not in the present . 
  meaning these things no longer exist . 
  meaning the uk is clinging to outdated principles . 
  meaning it 's a spot-on description . 
  keep hoping for that branch line , uk !, 
  it 's not like there are n't other unions like the eu . 
   let 's not pretend it 's somehow equal amounts of traffic or capital going to both sides . 
  for every business that relocate to the eu , 1000 low skill eu workers come to the eu . 
  is that an official statistic or did you pull it out of your ass ? 
   the sucking up to trump argument is just plain fucking dumb and nonsensical . 
  you still have n't said why it 's dumb . 
   repeating something does n't make it true nor plausible . 
   well both cases are n't true no matter how much you want them to be . 
  because you said so ? 
   bro , you failed to argument any of your ideas . 
  how old are you ? 
   lol . 
  negotiating when the eu does it , blackmail when the uk does it . . not allowing the uk to keep free trade because they do n't want any more responsibilities is not the same as withholding vital security information that could potentially kill people . 
  the first is just fair business while the second is blackmail because it 's gambling with people 's lives . 
  the eu never threatened to withhold security info from the uk . 
   part of why we left was because free movement between countries with wide differences in income levels leads to ** 100 % one way traffic from poor to rich ** . 
  sure , bro . 
  that 's why uk businesses are already starting to leave the uk for other eu countries , because free movement meant only one way movement from poor to rich . 
  those uk businesses never ever used free movement to do business in the eu . 
  nope . 
  they 're moving for totally other reasons . 
  yep . 
   it does n't make sense that they ca n't have a free trade deal because they used to be a member - how does that make any sense ? 
  free trade is one of the benefits of being an eu member . 
  the uk will no longer be an eu member . 
  after that , free trade will not be an option .
