  the article says nothing about them being immigrants . 
  why are you assuming this ? 
  the suspect in the last recent acid attack in london is a white male . 
  the police even admits that the plausible reason was moped theft since most targets appear to be delivery drivers on mopeds . 
  mods are jelly that we have a handsome president . 
   my point is that legal immigrants from turkey , greece , italy , croatia , etc. 
  are much different and yes better for the economy that the economic migrants and refugees from africa and the middle east . 
  that 's a very xenophobic things to say that actually proves my point . 
   your point about stuttgart is wrong the immigrants are mostly from turkey , greece , italy , croatia , romania , bosnia , serbia , portugal or poland . 
  you 've misread the quote . 
  the point was that almost half the population of the city has an immigrant background . 
   40 % of the city 's population is of foreign background . 
  that 's what your wikipedia article says . 
   forty-five percent of people in stuttgart were either born abroad or are the children of immigrants . 
  that 's what my article says . 
  it 's the same thing . 
   lack of skilled workers among the new arrivals is the main problem , because there are much more new arrivals than there are `` brown '' people born in sweden looking for jobs . 
  calling them `` brown '' people only proves my point that the locals in countries like sweden are more xenophobic than the people in germany . 
  the idea that they are not skilled is only a pretext . 
  germany has dedicated programs to educate them . 
  and it works . 
  stuttgart is a living testament for this . 
  sweden is n't doing as much of this . 
  i 'm sorry , but i can not take you seriously when you use the words `` plebs '' and `` narrative '' together . 
  you make it all sound like the brexit vote was just one big conspiracy theory . 
  inb4 : it was !, 
   can you link me to a prediction from before the vote that was accurate ? 
  from before the vote ? 
  considering that most people did n't even predict the vote result , this is hard because most did n't expect the vote as it happened . 
  most accurate financial predictions regarding brexit are from after the vote , just because their necessity was n't clear before the vote . 
  the one thing the economists got right is inflation . 
  the british pound took a pretty big hit . 
  the other thing they got right were the weak brexit negotiations . 
  may losing majority only helped these predictions . 
  you wo n't find an accurate short term projection because most of them are long term projections . 
  when i said that some were accurate , i meant that what they said is already happening . 
  you ca n't 100 % claim that they were accurate because their projected timeline has n't passed yet . 
  we 'll have to wait at least 4 years to be sure . 
  but , so far , things are on track to be quite gloomy for the uk . 
   yes i know , but the experts predicted the the recession would kick in immediately after the vote long before the uk actually left and they were wrong . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're generalizing when you 're putting all experts under the same umbrella . 
  if someone was wrong , it does n't mean that everyone was wrong . 
  you could also argue that they were n't wrong , since these things have already started to happen . 
  the `` immediate recession '' was just sensationalist news titles . 
  if you actually read the predictions , you 'll see that most of them are pretty accurate while the others are off in scale because of tabloid reporting . 
  experts say that a pro brexit vote will slow down the economy economic while tabloids report that the `` predicted recession '' never happened . 
   the actual economic impact has been far been far less than anyone predicted . 
  they 're only predictions . 
  pro brexit people claimed that the brexit vote will better the economy . 
  now they 've moved the goal posts by saying that the predictions were wrong . 
  that the economy is only slightly slowing down . 
  when will they `` revise '' their rhetoric again ? 
   public perception lags behind the figures improving this is true . 
  but the figures are based on facts , not fiction . 
  the problem with perception is also based on the fact that greece has lots of islands with different levels of prosperity . 
  you might live in a less prosperous one and think that the whole country is like that . 
   it 's just that agreeing to an fta with unfavorable terms will be a relatively more simple process . 
  you 're assuming that the uk will actually agree . 
  so far they 've proved the opposite . 
  that 's why the brexit negotiations are n't going nowhere . 
  they want all the cake . 
  and they want to eat all in one sitting . 
  you also need to remember that the brexit negotiations are n't going too well . 
  they 're going badly . 
  and all this despite the fact that the eu is obligated to attend them . 
  so the eu is obligated to attend the new trade deal negotiations and the uk still ca n't manage to get anything done . 
  they have n't even passed the phase of discussing what will happen to the eu and uk citizens that are still on the other side . 
   the uk has did not enter recession as a result of the vote . 
  the uk is still part of the eu . 
  brexit did not happen . 
  it will happen in less than 2 years . 
  what you 're seeing now , with all these companies leaving , is just the tip of the iceberg . 
  you 're assuming that this is it . 
  it 's actually just starting . 
  below from your own article . 
   as it turned out , the experts were all wrong -- ** or , at least , everyone who predicted a instant and immediate recession ** these things do n't happen over night . 
  it takes a long time to move a company or part of it . 
  it takes a long time to even make such a decision . 
   on the plus side , negotiations will be easier for the uk on its own because there are fewer national interests to consider . 
  you 're ignoring the fact that they also have less to offer . 
  the uk has to sign and ratify trade deals with lots of countries while having little to offer , big ambitions and very little time to do it all . 
  it 's a tall order for a country that 's blaming literally all of its problems on the eu . 
  i actually want them to succeed and be the next example of economical success , but so far they 've only been a lesson in practical stupidity . 
   the uk will have to negotiate terms with economies that have much to offer and relatively little to gain . 
  and all these potential trade deals will not happen before brexit happens in less than 2 years . 
  it took the eu almost a decade to negotiate a trade deal with japan . 
   buuuut i do n't pay for news , so i 'm part of the problem . 
  there are still tabloids in print . 
  although the sales are declining , there are lots of people that buy them . 
   i was talking about just landing rights not openskies what part of `` air travel between britain and the continent is currently governed by openskies '' do n't you understand ? 
  you ca n't have air travel without taking off and landing . 
  are you implying that the uk tried to negotiate landing rights separately from take-off and air travel ? 
  air travel refers to the whole thing . 
  it includes everything . 
  are you on drugs ? 
  this is a good analogy in the sense that eastern europe has also gone through this , but for different reasons ( remember communism ? ) . 
  greece is going through this because the greek government lied about debts and deficits and when the 2008 crisis hit , it hit them extra hard . 
  there were also big corruption and tax evasion problems . 
  but things are getting better . 
  greece has had a 0.7 % budget surplus for 2016 .
