  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/czech_republic%e2%80%93russia_relations#history remember how they invaded your country in 1968 ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact_invasion_of_czechoslovakia you 're best buddies now , right ? 
  they only want what is in your best interest . 
  that 's why they invaded you . 
  / s russia is doing the same in romania and all other eastern europe countries with various levels of success . 
  it 's so obvious and common that people make jokes about it . 
   i can agree with that , although i will note that nowhere in the article is blame laid on the eu . 
  i agree . 
  it 's a uk news outlet article . 
  many brits who read the title alone will instantly blame the eu , given how their government has done the same in order to achieve brexit . 
  imagine you 're a brit and readig about how your government is failing the brexit negotiations and how the government blames the eu for uk government them not being prepared for the negotiations . 
  then you read how `` greek debt crisis : ` people ca n't see any light at the end of any tunnel ' '' . 
  it 's not a huge leap from that to `` fuck the eu '' . 
  the article is heavily biased and based on conjecture . 
  it does n't have to blame the eu directly . 
  their readers will do that by themselves . 
   i complain because none of the problems of the greek economy has even been remotely touched so far . 
  has the greek government lied about debts and deficits since 2008 ? 
  that problem was solved the moment it was discovered . 
  `` solving '' it is what led to the greek debt crisis . 
  the real figures pushed greece into a harsher version of the 2008 economy crisis . 
  you 're also ignoring the other progresses greece has made . 
  they 've recently made poss mandatory for tourism businesses in order to reduce tax evasion . 
  http://news.gtp.gr/2017/04/20/three-months-greek-tourism-businesses-pos-devices/ ** not knowing about progress does n't mean it does n't exist . 
   freedom of movement has nothing to do with tourism . 
  lol . 
  then how are all these tourists moving from one country to another without visas ? 
   it 's about the right to live and work . 
  bro , are you high ? 
  read the article . 
  it 's about mass tourism . 
  there 's no mention of `` jobs '' anywhere in the article . 
   i do n't have freedom of movement rights in the eu ( foreign resident ) yet i somehow travel all over europe no problem ( including crossing the restricted border with the uk where i have no rights ) this is n't about foreign residents . 
  it 's about uk citizens visiting spain as tourists . 
  you 're completely beside the point . 
  i bought mine from a store in china because i wanted it early . 
  i got it 3 weeks after the official release date . 
   that 's why i said it 's not done in the way you said in the uk , you see . 
  it 's also not how poland wants to do it after the reforms . 
  you 're debating semantics . 
  judges in the uk are selected by an independent committee . 
  read the wikipedia article . 
   and perhaps explains all that other stuff i said about electing judges being stupid , if you think about it really hard . 
  tl ; dr : `` if you think about it really hard '' , you 'll see that i 'm right . 
  great argument , bro . 
   i 've come to the conclusion that you are incapable of communicating in english . 
  good day to you . 
  you 've thought `` really hard '' about it , right . 
   i think hardly that eu would refuse to give visas to britons after exit . 
  what you `` think '' is n't fact . 
  the fact is that the brexit negotiations are n't going well and people are pragmatic about the whole thing . 
  it 's well known that the uk does n't want freedom of movement . 
  that was one of the key selling points of brexit , to stop immigration . 
   what , like brexit will suddenly change the climate of the uk and they 'll no longer want to get on cheap flights to places with sun ? 
  after brexit , uk citizens will no longer benefit from freedom of movement within the eu . 
  it 's uncertain if another deal will be made and people are being pragmatic . 
  yep . 
  history repeats itself , but few remember . 
  trump in the us is a reminder for those that do not remember history . 
  countries like czechia have not only forgotten history , but also ignore the bad examples from the present . 
   it should be noted that nowadays the ecb is providing loans at rates that stay below inflation , and in some cases even negative interest rates , which means that lenders are expecting to lose money with these investments . 
  exactly . 
  they are investments . 
  they get their money back indirectly via trade . 
  there is no trade to be made if the country is still in an economical crisis . 
  also , those that offer these loans can afford them . 
  germany has had a huge budget surplus for the last 3 years . 
   greece will have a 4th unavoidable bailout next year . 
  and here if where our arguments differ fundamentally . 
  you 're talking about what you think may happen in the future . 
  i 'm talking about facts from the present . 
   the only goal achieved , is that eu governments can say : look they had a surplus , it is all good now . 
  nobody is saying this . 
  do not generalize . 
  the point is that greece is on the right track . 
  has been for a while now . 
  this is the first factual metric that confirms this . 
  it 's way too early to say that `` all is good now '' . 
  there is much more work to be done . 
  you 're complaining that things did n't get miraculously solved over night . 
  that 's not how things work . 
  progress takes hard word and time . 
  progress comes in stages . 
  brexit you can argue that the uk tourist wave is due to the imminence of brexit . 
  i 've actually seen lots of uk tourists , on my vacation to greece , that were joking about this and saying that they 're going to visit as much of the eu as possible before brexit actually happens . 
   that is n't how the uk & usa do it . 
  this is false . 
  you 're spreading misinformation . 
  judges in the uk are appointed by the judicial appointments commission . 
  it 's an independent commission . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judicial_appointments_commission  the judicial appointments commission comprises 15 commissioners . 
  twelve , including the chairman , are appointed through ** open competition ** , with the other three selected by the judges ' council ( two senior members of the courts judiciary ) or the tribunal judges ' council ( one senior member of the tribunals judiciary ) . 
  things in the us are more complicated and vary based on each state and the type of judges . 
  http://litigation.findlaw.com/legal-system/how-are-judges-selected.html federal judges are nominated by the president and need to be approved by the senate . 
   better how exactly ? 
  the only thing the greek governmen has achieved is a surplus in 2016 this is a huge achievement . 
  it 's a first since 2008 . 
  this alone has sparked the interest of investors . 
  if not for this , you 'd still be pointing your finger at their deficit streak . 
  you 've moved the goal post , bro .
