   not myself or relatives but i do have friends that came her after ww2 . 
  they 're not from the group of people i 'm talking about though . 
  so they 're `` good '' immigrants . 
  why ? 
  because you know them personally ? 
  are the others `` bad '' because you do n't know them and you assume they 're bad ? 
   i did n't make a mistake of course not . 
  you 're perfect . 
  :d  of course the one who fucked up has to deal with it germany has the most immigrants in the whole eu . 
  it also has a budget surplus . 
  i think it 's doing ok , given the circumstances . 
  your point is that it could have done better . 
  you can always do better . 
   not because of muslim immigrants who are on the wrong end of any sociological statistic is n't the `` alt right '' claiming that immigrants are `` stealing '' their jobs and are bringing the economy to a stand-still ? 
  or is that just in the us ? 
  us has the worst immigrants , right ? 
  you 're being delusional . 
   that sounds an awful lot like calling us terrorists . 
  no , dude . 
  the point was that , instead of working together on stopping a common threat , the uk is making vague and petty threats as leverage for trade deal negotiations . 
  ** this is when terrorists win . 
  when people are not united , but divided . 
  ** and the uk is doing this because of brexit . 
  and brexit happened because of immigrants , among other things . 
  and people really hate immigrants more each time when a non-immigrant terror attack happens . 
  you see the irony , right ? 
  smart move by hungary to package the asylum and university laws into one rejection . 
  people here easily wave away the shitty university laws and focus on the more juicy immigrant issue and , therefore , end up agreeing with hungary . 
  this is how you make top kek . 
  i have a feeling this is a click-bait title . 
  can anyone translate ? 
   romanian brigade joins german army and this time there 's no crazy one balled dude with a shitty mustache leading them . 
   so we 're terrorists now ? 
  charming . 
  no , you 're generalizing . 
  just how you did with immigrants . 
  you 're literally trying to buy cheaper marmite with vague threats . 
  it 's not cool , bro . 
   no , i 'm talking about the immigration to europe that happened post ww2 . 
  so you 're probably talking about yourself , your relatives or your friends . 
   so the left fucked up and now i as a conservative have to behave like i welcome refugees so it does n't get worse ? 
  you can propose solutions . 
  you do n't have to accept anything . 
   maybe these folks should n't have fucked up to begin with woah , there , buddy . 
  get off that high horse of yours . 
   no merkel , you cunt and whoever supported your politics have to deal with it . 
  calling people names is n't going to magically solve your problems , bro . 
   and , yes , merkel is actually dealing with it . 
  she 's also dealing with all the consequences of her decisions . 
  what are you dealing with ? 
   and every country with a big number of muslims is a target that 's also why countries like poland that supported the iraq war have n't been targeted yet while germany that tried to avoid it became a prime target itself . 
  you have no idea about what you 're talking . 
  germany has the most immigrants out of all the eu . 
  it also has a budget surplus . 
   most of the attacks were commited by children or grandchildren of people that should either have been integrated properly back in the days or should have left europe after their job here was done . 
  when you said `` children or grandchildren of people that should either have been integrated properly back in the days '' you just described the majority of the us population . 
  by that logic , we are all immigrants . 
   by now their numbers in the cities are large enough that integration got harder again . 
  xenophobia also does n't help . 
    of course terrorism is nothing new for europe but with unchecked immigration we 're just ensuring that terrorism in europe is here to stay for our lifetimes and beyond . 
  terrorism was here to stay long before the immigrant crisis . 
  you 're literally blaming the messenger . 
  the message ( terrorism ) got cemented in western culture with every middle eastern country that got invaded by a western power . 
  why do you think the us , uk , france and russia are always the favorite targets ? 
   but part of the blame is on people like merkel that are allowing millions of people unchecked into europe . 
  most of these attacks were committed by non immigrants . 
  but , yes , the immigrant crisis was poorly managed . 
  also , try to remember that it 's easy to criticize others while not coming up with any alternative solution . 
  that 's what we need . 
  constructive criticism . 
  actual solutions . 
   the blame is on the terrorist and the politicians enabling their actions terrorism is a much more older problem than the immigrant crisis . 
  it 's not that `` easy '' a problem . 
   say what you want , but terrorism has won . 
  how about the kids that live in the villages that are being shelled in ukraine by pro russian separatists or the kids in any other active war zone on the planet ? 
  or the kids that had their parents and loved ones killed by gun violence which greatly exceeds terrorist attack fatalities ? 
  ** terrorists win when people lose rights in the name of fighting terrorism . 
   they think there is a middleground . 
  there is n't . 
  people want security . 
  when honest law abiding citizens lose any of their rights , that 's when terrorists win . 
  also remember that the uk threatened the eu that they 'll stop sharing intelligence as a form of brexit negotiation leverage . 
  again , that 's when terrorists win . 
  turkey is aiming to leave nato and cancel all eu talks . 
  but , before doing any of that , it will try to divide the two as much as possible because that 's what the kremlin newsletter said . 
  it 's called [ psychological projection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/psychological_projection ) . 
   psychological projection is a theory in psychology in which humans defend themselves against their own unconscious impulses or qualities ( both positive and negative ) by denying their existence in themselves while attributing them to others . 
  for example , a person who is habitually rude may constantly accuse other people of being rude . 
  it incorporates blame shifting . 
   but not canada which is what we 're talking about lol canada is not in the eu . 
  ceta has not taken effect yet for romania . 
  what part of `` december 2017 '' do n't you understand ? 
  do n't you have the notion of time ? 
  are you mentally retarded ? 
  lots of things . 
  romania joined the eu in 2007 . 
  things have been constantly improving ever since . 
  the most palpable thing is the freedom of movement . 
  i can literally go all over the eu whenever i feel like it . 
   i could go to canada now if i have a job to go to .
