   eu freedom of movement is about living and working in a country you can visit an eu country without having to move there . 
  freedom of movement does n't imply the ability to move to another country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement#residence_restriction  despite the fact that you may be able to travel to and return from other countries , most governments still restrict the number of days you are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the amount of days you are allowed to stay depends on the country you are a citizen of , and the country you travelled to . 
  in some instances ( such as refugees who risk the death penalty upon returning to their country ) , indefinite stay may be allowed , but in most other cases , stay is generally limited to a few months . 
  one notable exception to this is the schengen area , where citizens of any country in the eu generally enjoy indefinite stay in other eu countries . 
  freedom of movement means just that , freedom of movement . 
  working or living in a foreign country freely can be part of it but is n't required for freedom of movement to happen . 
   you 're confusing freedom of movement with tourism . 
  living in a country and visiting it for 2 weeks are n't the same . 
  freedom of movement does n't imply the freedom of living in another country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement#residence_restriction  despite the fact that you may be able to travel to and return from other countries , most governments still restrict the number of days you are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the amount of days you are allowed to stay depends on the country you are a citizen of , and the country you travelled to . 
  in some instances ( such as refugees who risk the death penalty upon returning to their country ) , indefinite stay may be allowed , but in most other cases , stay is generally limited to a few months . 
  one notable exception to this is the schengen area , where citizens of any country in the eu generally enjoy indefinite stay in other eu countries . 
  freedom of movement means just that , freedom of movement . 
  working or living in a foreign country freely can be part of it but is n't required for freedom of movement to happen . 
   tourism in the eu is impossible if you are n't in the eu , hence the total lack of american , chinese and russian tourists . 
  this is false . 
  over 2.5 million americans and over 1.3 million chinese visited germany as tourists in 2016 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tourism_in_germany#statistics, 
   comparing unemployment in a summer vacation country from winter to summer is unwise unemployment in greece has been dropping since 2013 . 
  look at the same graph and choose the 5 year time span . 
  the december 2016 drop is unprecedented since the whole crisis started . 
   regarding gdp ppp , workhours are rising without the corresponding rise in pay , actual number of employees is shrinking with all the private companies dying due to the stranglehold of the government i gave you factual statistics and figures that you either deny or choose to ignore while claiming that there is no progress and that things have gone worse . 
  you have no evidence to support this while the actual evidence that exists contradicts you . 
  this discussion is over . 
  the fact is that brexit negotiations are n't going well and that nobody knows what will happen in regards to many things , not even the uk government who , apparently , entered the whole thing unprepared like they did n't even expect it to happen . 
   in the case of government debt , adjusted ppp gdp does not matter at all . 
  it is the overall product that matters in regard to the ability to repay . 
  so the ability for greeks to buy more things does n't matter at all ? 
  were n't you saying that this is the problem ? 
  that the budget surplus is n't translating into better financial options for the people ? 
  you just contradicted yourself . 
  you just ignored a metric because it is n't related to greece 's `` ability to repay '' their debts . 
  why this obsession with debts ? 
  nobody is pressuring greece to repay them faster . 
  nobody is sending goons to recuperate the money from the people . 
  you 're being ignorant on purpose because the data does n't suit your narrative . 
  here 's more facts . 
  greece 's unemployment rate has dropped from 23.5 % to 21.7 % since december last year . 
  this is an improvement that directly benefits the people of greece . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate let me guess . 
  this has nothing to do with greece 's `` ability to repay '' their debts , right ? 
   overall , the greeks deserve everything they are getting . 
  maybe an other 50 years of misery and bailouts will convince them to vote for someone that has the balls to clean up the shithole that is the greek state . 
  that 's a very spiteful thing to say . 
   those ` refugees ' already moved past multiple safe countries by the time they even get to hungary , and hungary is n't even their destination . 
  theyre welfare leeches . 
  they 're `` welfare leeches '' because some countries refuse to grant them asylum ? 
  wow ... you 're a very ignorant person . 
  this discussion is over . 
   if you do n't have money to go on holidays you also do n't have money to rent an apartment and go live on your own . 
  false . 
  there are lots of people with different priorities . 
  there are lots of people that can afford rent , pay rent , but do not go on holidays because they have other priorities . 
  you 're making a very simplistic generalization . 
   i mean what specifically more could you possibly want from someone at that point ? 
  the whole exchange took about 3 comments from me to end his rhetoric . 
  this discussion is longer and it 's about you having a problem with me for pointing out someone else 's biased comment . 
  and you 're now accusing me of not letting go and claiming that `` bitching '' about it and that i 'm `` feeling superior '' . 
  dude , you 're projecting . 
   lazy easterners and southerners just stay with their parents instead of taking on their fate - they do n't deserve holidays . 
  them staying with their parents is no indication of how `` lazy '' they are . 
  many choose to do this because their parents live in the same town they work in and they do it in order to save money . 
  hence the joke of correlation versus causation . 
  you missed it entirely and jumped straight to causation . 
   do n't need a crystal ball to look into the past . 
  it 's not rocket science to expect a sharp drop in those numbers after brexit happens . 
  regardless of what deal the uk will get , it will be less beneficial than the one they currently have as an eu member . 
  this is a fact . 
   you are one dumb fucker . 
  thanks for the kind words . 
  this discussion ends here . 
  it was a collective effort . 
  greece unemployment is down from 23.5 % to 21.7 % in the last 7 months . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/unemployment-rate spain unemployment is down from 18.63 % to 17.22 % in the same time interval . 
   the uk does n't want freedom of movement , not visa free travel . 
  [ brexit : eu says no compromise on freedom of movement ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36659900 )  european union leaders have warned that the uk must honour the principle of free movement of people if it wants to retain access to the single market after it leaves the bloc . 
   no , it means that more than 100 jobs could move ( in phases ) . 
  it literally says that in your own quote you just provided . 
  you 're debating semantics . 
  it 's unclear if the whole thing will happen . 
  this is n't the point . 
  the point is that the guy intentionally down-played the figure from the article because he 's biased . 
  he even admitted to this . 
   i know that mexico has visa free travel with the eu , the idea that the uk wo n't get it is laughable . 
  it has to be reciprocated and the uk does n't want that . 
   if people value a short comment higher than the article in terms of journalistic value , thats a problem on their end . 
  remember when you said `` i dont see what your problem is . '' . 
  guess what ? 
  you 've just answered yourself . 
   you cant expect that every comment to match those standards . 
  but i can point them out and correct them . 
   i mean , are you trying to say that you have never ever had to provide more context after your initial comment ? 
  the guy made a false statement based on an out of context quote and he admitted to being biased . 
  that was n't an error . 
  that was intentional . 
  he/she intentionally left out the context because he/she admitted to being biased . 
  you 've just answered yourself by stating what the `` problem '' is . 
  at this point you 're arguing for the sake of arguing .
