  that 's xenophobia , dude . 
  i 'm all for regulating immigration , but treating people like cattle is n't ok . you 're also only focusing on immigration . 
  this is n't the only problem france is facing . 
  it has way bigger problems that have nothing to do with immigrants . 
  deporting immigrants is n't going to fix the economy . 
   also the people in gibraltar actually voted very clearly against brexit . 
  gibraltar is uk territory . 
  if the uk leaves , so does gibraltar . 
  if gibraltar wants to stay , it must leave the uk . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  the `` omg !, 
  spain is annexing gibraltar ! '', 
  is a fake rhetoric that only proves that you already understand what i 've said and want special treatment . 
  you want gibraltar to stay in the uk and in the eu . 
  this is not possible . 
  lol . 
  that makes the double standard and hypocrisy even worse . 
   like a bad case of genital warts this guy has made the rounds . 
  you 're giving him too much credit . 
  farage did n't invent nationalist extremism . 
  he 's just using it for his own political agenda just like many others . 
   whatever upgrades they make to the economy will just be drained by the 3rd world openly wandering into france . 
  that 's your xenophobia talking . 
  how is the 3rd world `` draining '' your economy by taking jobs that french people do n't want ? 
  how is the 3rd world `` draining '' your economy by doing a better job for a lower price ? 
  ** that 's not the 3rd world `` draining '' the economy . 
  that 's how the open labor market works . 
  ** if companies prefer to hire immigrants for lower wages , then you have an internal problem with how your labor system works . 
  banning immigrants wo n't fix the economy . 
  the economy fixes itself when there 's healthy and regulated competition . 
  weed out the cheap companies that pay low wages and force them to obey existing job standards . 
  your problem is that you 're accusing immigrants of stealing your jobs , while you 're happily paying them low wages for doing more work . 
  these companies are the problem , not the immigrants . 
  make it so that the same job is payed the same amount regardless of who 's doing it . 
  that 's how you fix the economy . 
   i just doubt there is a politician in france ( or many in europe in general ) that have the resolve to take on the on-going demographic replacement like le pen . 
  lepen is like trump . 
  all bark but no walk . 
  they both make wild accusations that make them seem bold , but when it comes down to implementing change , they 're clueless and crawl back to putin . 
  seriously , why are lepen fans openly ignoring the fact that she has huge debts to russian banks ? 
  how can someone like that negotiate in the best interests of the eu ? 
  it 's ok when farage stokes uk nationalism to leave the eu , but it 's not ok when the irish do it to leave the uk . 
  these guys are not even trying to hide their double standards and hypocrisy . 
   `` this is in the mutual interest of both ** some ** eu citizens as well as the citizens of the united states , '' avramopoulos said . 
  fixed . 
   meps wanted the eu executive to change rules for american visitors as a reaction to the us government 's continued policy of requiring visas for anyone from poland , cyprus , croatia , romania and bulgaria . 
  citizens of other eu countries do not need visas to enter the us and us citizens can travel around all member states without visas . 
  it 's funny how bulgaria , croatia , cyprus and romania are also denied schengen entry . 
  you 'd think that these two situations are related , but it 's probably just a coincidence . 
  / s inb4 trump saying how free travel is a concept invented by and for romanians in order to make u.s. wages non-competitive . 
   france definitely needs to start deporting and/or pulling passports . 
  i have no faith in macron having the cajones to do this . 
  that 's not the only problem france is facing . 
  the economy needs a big boost and deporting immigrants wo n't achieve that . 
  you 're focusing on a single problem , while ignoring the rest which are more important . 
  ** it 's easy to close the border . 
  it 's hard to fix the economy . 
  ** lepen has literally no plan on how to fix the economy . 
  her only plan is to blame everything on immigrants and minorities . 
  macron actually has experience at handling financial issues . 
  and he 's pretty reasonable . 
  none of that is true about lepen . 
   no you 're missing the point none of the other fuckers will do anything about it so you 're left with one choice who 's still a shot choice the article is n't about the `` other fuckers '' . 
  it 's about nationalist extremism . 
   maybe , just maybe they are sick to the back teeth of people like you sticking your head in the sand and acting like there is n't a problem . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the point is that lepen and nationalist extremism blame everything on immigrants . 
  if you want tighter borders , sure , go for it . 
  just do n't blame others for problems that are your own . 
  lepen is using the immigrant crisis to push her political agenda via fear and hate . 
  and suckers like you are falling for it . 
   policy on who we let into our country is not `` extremism '' lepen preaches fear and hate towards minorities . 
  the `` policy '' debate does n't stop at the border . 
  it goes deep within the country and it persecutes foreigners even though they are there legally . 
  and it does so for nationalist faux reasons like `` they stole our jobs '' or simply because of hate like `` go back to your own country '' . 
  this is lepen 's program to improve france . 
  she literally has no constructive policies to fix france 's issues . 
  she blames it all on immigrants . 
   what do muslims give us exactly ? 
  let 's be specific . 
  the only thing i can think of is creating jobs in airport security that rhetoric right there is what the article is talking about . 
  blatant xenophobia is being used as a political weapon . 
  this has happened before and it had catastrophic results . 
  now you blame the muslims . 
  in the past it was the jews . 
  how are you not seeing this ? 
  you 're being manipulated and used while the only thing that you 're promised in return is pain and suffering for the minorities that you hate . 
  you gain nothing from that . 
  and if you really want to be specific , think about all those poor paying jobs that you would n't do . 
  immigrants usually get them . 
  and when you fail to get that dream job , you blame it on immigrants even though you lost the job to someone who could simply do the job better . 
  it did n't even have to be an immigrant and you 'll still blame it on them . 
  and even if it were an immigrant , you 're literally blaming your incompetence on someone else who is more competent . 
  that logic makes no sense . 
  you 're being delusional . 
   `` we fought a war so you would n't speak german , so be grateful you 'll be speaking arabic '' that quote does n't exist in the article . 
  it 's not even an accurate paraphrase of what the article talks about . 
  ** the article talks about the dangers of nationalist extremism . 
  **  but pretend she 's a barbarian overlord and then you feel righteous it 's not about lepen . 
  it 's about nationalist extremism .
