  please do not make assumptions on my behalf . 
   what makes you think they wo n't do it to their children though ? 
  what makes you think that they will ? 
  some might , but most left their countries because of wanting a new life . 
  look at stuttgart . 
  over 40 % of its population is of migrant descent and most of them are turkish , yet there 's no culture shift going on . 
   honor killings are an actual thing that happens in germany though , it was n't an exaggeration . 
  not to germans . 
  only between a minority of refugees and immigrants that have entered the country in recent years . 
  they are punished according to local laws . 
  these things are not only exaggerated in scale , but also phase out completely when the offenders are deported/jailed . 
  their kids will grow up in a german culture while respecting german laws . 
  look at stuttgart . 
  over 40 % of its population is of migrant descent and most of them are turkish , yet there 's no culture shift going on . 
  my bad . 
  32 % was in 2000 . 
  in 1970 it was 15 % . 
  i 've edited the comment accordingly . 
  the argument still holds , since not only the middle class was affected . 
  the changes affected everyone in the country . 
  things like hijabs were optional instead of mandatory like today . 
   and it 's not like everything works ok for germany in comparision to sweden . 
  that 's false thesis from your side . 
  i never said that `` everything works ok '' . 
  i said that germany does a better job at integrating immigrants . 
  always has . 
   chill dude , i am ok with the answer just found the approach funny :p not criticizing you  oh , ok . , 
   they show a very skewed image of those nations , specifically , only the middle-class , city dwelling females , which were a overwhelming minority . 
  how are the `` city dwelling females '' in modern day iran faring ? 
  you do n't see that many bikini wearing women as in the 70s . 
  only the middle class ? 
  that 's over ~ ~ 32 % ~ ~ 15 % of the population . 
  not only the middle class was affected . 
  the changes affected everyone in the country . 
  things like hijabs were optional instead of mandatory like today . 
  i 'm sorry , but it is you who is trying to be deceptive . 
  the point here is that what was before a personal option for each family , has now become law . 
  women in iran are now obligated by law to wear a hijab . 
  the same goes for their entire society . 
  before the iranian revolution , middle eastern countries were actively trying to adapt to western culture and values in order to pursue better foreign relations and to be more welcoming to foreigners . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hijab_by_country#iran  a few years prior to the iranian revolution , a tendency towards questioning the relevance of eurocentric gender roles as the model for iranian society gained much ground among university students , and this sentiment was manifested in street demonstrations where many women from the non-veiled middle classes put on the veil and symbolically rejected the gender ideology of pahlavi regime and its aggressive deculturalization . 
  ** many argued that veiling should be restored to stop further dissolution of the iranian identity and culture ** does any of this sound familiar ? 
  tl ; dr : the middle east was actively trying to be more welcoming to foreign culture , then people started to fight this by saying that their `` identity and culture '' are being threatened just how some people in the eu are now doing . 
  and this has led to a revolution that plunged middle eastern countries into totalitarianism . 
   lolz how is the copy paste working for ya :p is that all you have to say about the comment ? 
  if people keep making the same remarks , they 'll get the same answer . 
  they could read the other similar replies , but they feel the need to personally repeat what others have already said . 
  yep . 
  and if history is to be trusted , things work out for the better when the natural born citizens do their best not to ostracize their fellow immigrant humans . 
  germany did a really good job at integrating them . 
  they have the most immigrants in the eu and the strongest economy . 
  sweden , on the other hand , is having a hard time with the whole thing mostly because people simply do not want to tolerate their presence . 
  it 's like when you suddenly decide to ostracize a random group of people from society , then blame all of the tensions that arise from this on the group of people that you 're forcibly rejecting . 
  ** what does it say about immigrants if germany integrates them well while sweden does n't ? 
  ** ** it says that the success/failure of the whole integration process lies with how each country handles the situation , and not with the immigrants . 
  the immigrants are the same . 
  ** some of them end up in germany , while some end up in sweden . 
  was germany lucky to get the `` good '' immigrants ? 
  no , because all people are the same . 
  we all just want a decent life and to integrate into a thriving society . 
   right . 
  then it will be replaced by honor killings of humans instead of animals . 
  it was supposed to be an ironic joke , meaning that the `` migrant hordes '' do not change traditions or culture , they adapt , and that some of europe 's `` traditions '' are n't much better than middle eastern extremist state executions . 
  the extremism in the middle east is about 40 years old , since the iranian revolution in 1979 . 
  before that , things were quite different in the middle east . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/iran-before-the-revolution-in-photos-2015-4/ bull fights in europe have been happening for centuries and let 's not forget the catholic inquisition . 
  the middle east is going through what europe went through with religion in the middle ages . 
   is n't london one of the cities with the highest female genital mutilation numbers across europe now ? 
  it 's refugee women who have been `` mutilated '' before they came to london . 
  their little girls wo n't go through the same process because they left their countries in search of a better life . 
   that 's a lot harder than it sounds . 
  raising awareness is the biggest problem . 
  it 's easier than becoming an eu commissioner and trying to convince the eu commission on your own . 
  if you manage to go to them with a decent proposal backed by over 1 million people , the impact is far greater than some late afternoon idea that some eu commissioner gets while on the ride home . 
   maybe it would be better to destroy this piece without contribution from migrants ? 
  yep . 
  migrants actually adapt and mind their own business since they are the minority . 
  look at stuttgart . 
  over 40 % of its population is of migrant descent and most of them are turkish , yet there 's no culture shift going on . 
   you mean so they can force gays to fight to the death instead ? 
  it was supposed to be an ironic joke , meaning that the `` migrant hordes '' do not change traditions or culture , they adapt , and that some of europe 's `` traditions '' are n't much better than middle eastern extremist state executions . 
  the extremism in the middle east is about 40 years old , since the iranian revolution in 1979 . 
  before that , things were quite different in the middle east . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/iran-before-the-revolution-in-photos-2015-4/ bull fights in europe have been happening for centuries and let 's not forget the catholic inquisition . 
  the middle east is going through what europe went through with religion in the middle ages . 
   and get replaced with public executions by stoning ? 
  it was supposed to be an ironic joke , meaning that the `` migrant hordes '' do not change traditions or culture , they adapt , and that some of europe 's `` traditions '' are n't much better than middle eastern extremist state executions . 
  the extremism in the middle east is about 40 years old , since the iranian revolution in 1979 . 
  before that , things were quite different in the middle east . 
  http://www.businessinsider.com/iran-before-the-revolution-in-photos-2015-4/ bull fights in europe have been happening for centuries and let 's not forget the catholic inquisition . 
  the middle east is going through what europe went through with religion in the middle ages . 
  this is one piece of european `` culture '' that i hope will actually get `` destroyed '' by the `` migrant hordes '' . 
  this equates to convincing 1 in 440 people . 
  from the european commision fb page . 
  they post all sorts of cool facts about the eu . 
   the us is a country of 323 million people , romania is just under 20 . 
  the us is going to be invaded . 
  you do n't stand a chance . 
   1 million signatures is a fucking lot . 
  it should be .
