  you 're clearly incapable of having a civil discussion . 
  this discussion ends here . 
   no , they 're not . 
  judicial self-government is a part of the judicial branch , as the name obviously implies . 
  the point was that these 15 judges from the national council of the judiciary are elected by the self-governments to 4 year terms . 
  these 15 judges are members of the national council of the judiciary . 
  yes , they are part of the judiciary , but they are elected as members of the national council of the judiciary by the self-governments to 4 year terms . 
  they are under the direct control of the executive branch . 
  the executive branch elects them as members of the national council of the judiciary . 
   it only changes who elects them this is a huge change , because only one branch of the government will elect them , the parliament . 
  this is a huge problem because the parliament can elect people that the ruling party likes . 
   no , they wo n't . 
   no , it does n't . 
  tl ; dr : you 're wrong because i say so . 
  great logic , bro . 
   this from the guardian judge the article based on what the article says , not by who wrote it or where it was written . 
   according to what twisted definition is judicial self-government and the judges themselves part of the executive branch ? 
  this was a typo . 
  i 've edited the comment to read `` judges are part of the judicial branch . '', 
   judicial self-government by definition does n't represent ` the people ' , it represents the judges . 
  the self-governments are not part of the judicial system . 
  they are part of the government . 
  they are part of the executive branch . 
  [ the system of the local selfgovernments in poland ] ( https://www.amo.cz/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/amocz-rp-2013-6.pdf )  yeah , and that 's a good change . 
  there have to be checks and balances . 
  there has to be some form of democratic oversight over judiciary . 
  judges ca n't be a completely isolated caste accountable to no one . 
  i agree . 
  but the oversight can not be formed by people from only one branch of the government because that goes against the separation of powers principle from the constitution . 
  this is a basic requirement for any democracy . 
  poland wants their judges to be controlled by the parliament and the parliament alone . 
  this is not ok .  no , it does n't . 
  first of all it 's not the simple majority , but 3/5 , which ensures that the ruling camp has to compromise with at least part of the opposition . 
  it 's not about the parties , it 's about the branches of government . 
  the opposition you 're talking about exists only because of how the people voted . 
  if people overwhelmingly vote for one party , then the parliament will be overwhelmingly be controlled by one party . 
  the reforms need to be future-proof or you 'll have to go through this all over again . 
   secondly our constitution does n't say anything about who should elect those 15 members of the council and so just as well it can be done by our parliament . 
  ** the separation of powers principle if a basic requirement for a democracy . 
  ** poalnd 's constitution has the separation of powers principle . 
  poland 's constitution specifically prohibits what these reforms are trying to do . 
  that 's why thousands of people are protesting . 
  http://www.sejm.gov.pl/english/sejm/sejm.htm  according to this constitution , the republic of poland is a democratic state ruled by law , whose system rests on the principle of the separation and balance of powers . 
   the idea that the uk wo n't have visa waivers is absurd . 
  eu citizens will still want visa waivers to visit the uk after brexit , it 's important for business as well as tourism , and these things are reciprocal . 
  as long as they are reciprocal , sure , that 's ok . 
  the problem is that the entire brexit vote was based on the idea of `` controlling our borders '' . 
  so , people are rightfully concerned about this . 
   mate you need to understand that freedom of movement is nothing to do with tourism . 
  i just visited greece this summer as a tourist with no extra paperwork but my id card thanks to the freedom of movement in the eu . 
  i ca n't do that in the us because they ask you for a visa which is hard to obtain . 
   americans can freely visit the eu without visas and so can eu citizens , except those from 4 countries . 
  you 're confusing free movement of persons with free movement of labor . 
  one does not imply the other . 
  i 'm talking about the freedom of movement of people . 
   ireland had a grain surplus ( ? ), 
  during the potato famine when thousands starved . 
  it was profitably exported . 
  this is a bad analogy . 
  the government can not dictate what people do with their private property . 
  the government did not own all the food in ireland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ) #irish _ food_exports_during_famine  the problem in ireland was not lack of food , which was plentiful , but the price of it , which was beyond the reach of the poor . 
  the blame lies with the producers and merchants of food during that time . 
  the government can not dictate what people do with their private property . 
   in your quote it 's explicitly stated that judges have 17 members in the 25 members council ( 15 + president of the supreme court and president of the supreme administrative court ) this is false . 
  those 15 judges are elected by the `` self-governments '' . 
  the self-governments are part of the executive branch , not the judiciary . 
  and the reforms aim to replace them with people from the parliament ( sejm ) . 
   under a 2017 draft law aimed at reforming the national council of the judiciary , the 15 judges nominated by the self-governments would , instead , be elected by the [ sejm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sejm ) . 
  this would make the judge selection committee a parliament majority ; 6 +15 = 21 out of 25 members will be from the parliament . 
  this violates the separation of powers principle from poland 's constitution . 
   what local representatives of the people ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  the parliament is composed of the representatives of the people . 
  i 'm talking about the 15 judges elected by the `` self-governments '' to four-year terms . 
  i 'm talking about the representatives of these self-governments . 
  the self-governments are part of the executive branch . 
  the parliament is part of the legislative branch . 
  both of them represent the people for different purposes . 
  judges are part of the executive branch . 
  in order for them to be impartial , they need to be appointed not just by one branch of the state . 
  the current reforms aim to completely remove the self-governments from the judge selection committee and replace them with people from the parliament ( sejm ) . 
   under a 2017 draft law aimed at reforming the national council of the judiciary , the 15 judges nominated by the self-governments would , instead , be elected by the [ sejm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sejm ) . 
  this would make the judge selection committee a parliament majority riven entity . 
  this violates the separation of powers principle from poland 's constitution . 
   nevermind that germany uses that surplus to reduce its debt , so its not exactly free money available . 
  lol . 
  you make it sound like reducing your debt is a bad thing . 
   mexico or the usa do n't have free movement with the eu but that does n't mean their tourists are barged at the border and refused entry . 
  you 're confusing free movement of labor with free movement of people . 
  one does not imply the other . 
   just because say , americans , do n't need a visa to visit the eu does n't mean they can settle down and live in the eu without going through the proper paperwork . 
  you 're spamming my comments with the same non-sense . 
  freedom of movement does n't imply the ability to move to another country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement#residence_restriction  despite the fact that you may be able to travel to and return from other countries , most governments still restrict the number of days you are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the amount of days you are allowed to stay depends on the country you are a citizen of , and the country you travelled to . 
  in some instances ( such as refugees who risk the death penalty upon returning to their country ) , indefinite stay may be allowed , but in most other cases , stay is generally limited to a few months . 
  one notable exception to this is the schengen area , where citizens of any country in the eu generally enjoy indefinite stay in other eu countries . 
  freedom of movement means just that , freedom of movement . 
  working or living in a foreign country freely can be part of it but is n't required for freedom of movement to happen .
