  if only it were so easy . 
  hint : it 's not . 
   how can you blame him ? 
  xenophobia , antisemitism , aryan race superiority . 
  the list goes on . 
  also , it 's not like the germans were defeated before for having the same crazy ideas , right ? 
   what does that have to do with islamist terrorism ? 
  nothing . 
  that 's the point . 
  gun deaths are a much bigger problem , but people ignore it because religion is n't involved . 
  instead , people focus on terror attacks way more , even though the fatalities are far less . 
  i 'm not saying you should ignore them . 
  i 'm saying that terrorists win each time someone blames immigrants for a non-immigrant terror attack . 
  that 's how new terrorists pop up . 
  you 're literally playing their game and helping them recruit more people to their cause . 
   and when it 's so easy as you claim how comes that every western country failed with that for the last 50 years ? 
  failed with what ? 
  the immigrant crisis began a few years ago . 
  you already said that you have immigrant friends . 
  did the state fail them too ? 
   do n't get me wrong i 'm not actively hostile towards them not directly . 
  but you 're hostile towards them behind their backs . 
  and that 's even worse . 
  it 's actually pretty cowardly . 
   what facts did i get wrong ? 
  not you personally , but all those like you that blame immigrants each time a non immigrant terror attack happens . 
   lybia especially and africa in general is full of people waiting on their chance to come here can you blame people for wanting to have a better life ? 
  again , try to put yourself in their situation . 
  i 'm all for immigration control as long as all rights are respected . 
   soviets or germans , how about no thanks ? 
  true . 
  though , you can argue that it would have minimized the damage if it had been the other way around . 
  close enough . 
   note that you got fucked before when you sent your gold to russia and it was never seen again . 
  russia has the best gold safes in the world !, 
  it 's so safe that they do n't even trust you with it . 
   too many people are dying for that the be acceptable . 
  [ 6,700 deaths by firearms in the eu each year ] ( https://www.flemishpeaceinstitute.eu/sites/vlaamsvredesinstituut.eu/files/files/factsheet_firearms_and_deaths_in_eu.pdf )  we become extreme in our methodology ourselves , i 'm all for it . 
  you are becoming your own enemy . 
   according to this law foreign university can operate here only if it actually operates in country of origin too . 
  that seems reasonable . 
   and hungary is proposing exceptions to that law issued by ministry . 
  we have no exceptions in this law . 
  this does n't seem reasonable . 
  this sounds like `` my way or the high way '' aka a dictatorship . 
  yep . 
  we got fucked by the russians for almost a century because that guy and his friends chose the wrong side during ww2 . 
   i wouldnt make it sound like erdo is some kind of puppet following instructions from russia . 
  true . 
  erdogan is just a putin wannabe . 
  he aims to surpass his master and he 's doing a great job . 
   i 'm not predicting ? 
  i thought i just did . 
  you 're not making them feel welcome . 
  you do n't have to , yet you 're doing the exact opposite . 
  xenophobia is never justified . 
  did you skip the ww2 history lesson ? 
   you made a typo there that 's why i asked `` we do ? '', 
   my bad . 
  edited . 
    they 're poor , uneducated and with a background that overall could n't be successfully integrated anywhere in the western world so it has nothing to do with religion and it 's entirely fixable . 
  you can fix uneducated people by educating them . 
  after that you can give them jobs so that they wo n't be poor . 
   at this point you might as well admit that you just do n't want them to be your responsibility and that everything else are just excuses . 
  it 's ok to do this . 
  just be honest about it . 
  making up fake propaganda is n't helping anyone . 
  you said you were not content , but then you said  i for one certainly do n't care about civil liberties anymore , or tolerance you 're contradicting yourself there a little bit . 
   i 'm willing to try anything to end islamist fundamentalism . 
  even if that means becoming an extremist yourself ? 
   it is really stupid threat based on basically nothing . 
  yep . 
  it 's essentially a shit show of power for the tabloids to chew on while pushing the anti eu propaganda forward . 
   this time the dude has no balls at all . 
  this time the dude is a dudette with pretty big metaphoric balls . 
   all i 'm saying is that the problem she caused she actually made it less of a problem . 
  immigrants were inevitable after isis started taking over syria . 
  the immigrant wave is actually dying down because isis is on the retreat . 
  the `` worst '' has already passed . 
    i predict that in a few years when integration of these kind of people failed once again the left will blame the right for being responsible for it because we did n't let them feel welcome enough lol . 
  you are n't . 
   nobody is asking you to take them in personally , but you could at least stop being so negative about them . 
  you already admitted that not all of them are bad . 
  these are poor and uneducated people from a war struck country that landed in a different culture with a different language . 
  try to view things from their perspective . 
  it 's harder for them than it is for you . 
  they 're just a nuisance for you . 
  ** you do n't have to make the problem bigger than it actually is . 
  **  we do ? 
  yep . 
  [ german budget surplus soars as economy motors ahead ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-economy-gdp-iduskbn1620l3 )  dunno do n't care that 's the alt rights 's motto when it comes to facts . 
   if you only care about some things while ignoring others , that 's called cherry picking and it creates a distorted perspective of reality . 
  you 're literally living inside a fake news fueled bubble if you do not view the full big picture . 
   we have the worst refugees and asylum seekers . 
  how so ? 
   these passive aggressive smileys ... urgh , 
   no , when innocent law abiding citizens are murdered , the terrorists win . 
  so terrorists win when people kill themselves with guns ? 
   some 13,286 people were killed in the us by firearms in 2015 , according to the gun violence archive http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34996604 that 's a lot of `` winning '' . 
  fair enough , got the wrong end of the stick on that one .
