  people do n't give a fuck and that 's how xenophobia spreads . 
   `` it 's very likely he was an immigrant because the police are keeping quiet about the identity '' and how is that not the same thing ? 
  the fact is you do n't know . 
  and you 're still blaming someone . 
   i think it 's quite possible actually . 
  but that 's a very different argument to your xenophobic one . 
  of course they 're different . 
  tell that to those that blame it on immigrants . 
   modern capitalism interacting with the third world is giving birth to new , often horrific , cultural trends that we ca n't predict this is true . 
  but this has always been true with all cultures . 
  not just modern versus third world cultures . 
  people use this idea to blame immigrants and that 's bad . 
  there are literally people i 've talked with here that say that it 's `` very likely '' he was an immigrant because of this . 
  that 's a xenophobic stereotype . 
   copycat killer is a term used for serial killers . 
  this is gang violence are you saying that it 's impossible for someone to copy violent attacks unless it 's murder ? 
  really ? 
  is this your argument ? 
  people do this all the time in order to blame immigrants . 
  people copy groups they hate in order to blame things on them . 
  it 's been going on since people started forming groups . 
   what you seem unable to acknowledge is that the rise in acid attacks in other parts of the world , has a direct correlation with the rise in acid attacks in london and the uk . 
  ** correlation does not imply causation . 
  ** this discussion is over . 
   are you saying that it 's xenophobic to even say that the delay is there ? 
  i 'm saying that `` it 's very likely he was an immigrant '' is xenophobic . 
   and the police immediately identified the suspect as white , along with a photograph . 
  and this time he 's a teenager . 
  have you considered that they 're doing this because he 's a teenager ? 
  so why are you blaming middle eastern and african immigrants if romanians are `` the most criminal foreigners '' ? 
  that also sounds a lot like xenophobia . 
  not that you guy love us a lot . 
  that 's far from it . 
  are you guys bored of hating romanians ? 
   very likely , yeah . 
  bro , that 's how xenophobia works . 
  `` very likely '' is bs and quickly turns to `` he was an immigrant ! '', 
  even after it was proved that he was n't . 
  the last acid attack in london was made by a white uk born male . 
  how many people do you think know this ? 
  how many do you think that blame it on immigrants because of the `` very likely '' rhetoric ? 
  a lot . 
  right now we do n't know . 
  if we 're to look at recent attacks , it 's actually `` very likely '' that it was n't an immigrant . 
  saying this is also wrong . 
   acid attacks gained popularity there , and this has come to london through the respective immigrant communities . 
  so when a white uk born male does it , it 's the fault of african `` culture '' because they did it first . 
  is that right ? 
   i was n't even saying as an anti-immigrant statement as well , i was just pointing out that things that happen in the 3rd world as irrevocably linked to things that happen in the west . 
  have you ever heard of copycat killers ? 
   they do n't hide the identity like this when it 's a white british guy . 
  because if it was an immigrant who attacked another immigrant to steal his bike , he was clearly trying to undermine british law and culture and they do n't want people to know that . 
  yep . 
  makes sense . 
   it always takes longer to get anything done when you 've got 27 people in a room you need to get to agree to a plan compared to just one . 
  they also have more to offer as a union . 
  also , if judging by how fast the brexit negotiations are going , you can safely say that speed is n't uk strong point . 
  and the eu is obligated to negotiate with them . 
   because what nation would be interested in doing a trade deal with the world 's fifth largest economy ? 
  5th for how long ? 
  also 5th only on the nominal gdp ranking . 
  on the gdp by ppp ranking the uk is 9th . 
  germany is 5th . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp )  no you do n't , stop lying . 
  you literally spend all your time posting `` see i told you so '' responses to anything to do with brexit . 
  i 'm sorry you see it like that . 
  i 'm just being realistic . 
  and uk people really need a dose of realism to escape tabloid propaganda that has suffocated them for years . 
  as long as people willingly do this , i agree . 
   juncker leaked details about a private conversation and then was forced to apologise for it . 
  uk tabloids took his quote out of context . 
   it was a `` serious mistake '' to leak details of his private dinner with theresa may , jean-claude juncker has admitted , but the eu commission president has denied he was behind the information getting out . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/ean-claude-juncker-disastrous-dinner-theresa-may-brexit-serious-mistake-downing-street-a7728216.html so they did n't leak it and it was a serious mistake . 
  how do you jump from that to `` juncker leaked details about a private conversation and then was forced to apologise for it '' ? 
  i 'll tell you how . 
  his quote was taken out of context by uk tabloids and you did n't bother to fact check it . 
   your comment has 46 points despite a complete lie . 
  no , dude , you 're the one lying . 
  you 've been mislead by tabloid propaganda and you 're now spreading it to others that take your word for it without fact checking it . 
   you were saying ? 
  what 's interesting is how many upvotes you got . 
  the eu did n't leak it . 
  below is the first paragraph from your own article . 
   but eu commission president denies he was behind the leak the eu releases comprehensive reports , not 5 pm dinner discussions that the uk tabloids can spin however they want . 
  there 's a big difference between a leak and an official report . 
  that dinner and the reporting for it was the incident that prompted the eu to start releasing public reports on the negotiations so that shit reports like those never happen again . 
   if it was n't immigrants , they would have said so and made that clear . 
  so it 's immigrants because they did n't say it was immigrants . 
  is that it ? 
   there are more than enough incidents in legit newsoutlets to see a pattern . 
  true . 
  and the pattern is called xenophobia . 
   the point that / u/kingofeggsandwiches was trying to make is that this form of acid attack to the face is common in pakistan so it must have clearly been a pakistani immigrant , because only they can do it , right ? 
  anyone can write a shitty opinion piece article that has little to no factual evidence but lots of fear mongering . 
  the fact that the author is `` legit '' or not is irrelevant . 
  you 're supposed to read and comment on the article based on what the article actually says . 
   when the impact of inflation is factored in , real weekly wages fell by 0.5 % compared with a year earlier . 
  is it safe to assume that more low wage people got hired ? 
  trump 's fake hair looks like it 's dancing to the beat . 
  someone should make an equalizer app from the footage .
