   the north is rich , the south is poor , the whole country is getting poorer because of the problems i first mentioned . 
  this is a crude generalization . 
  you mentioned no problems , but only your personal experiences . 
  that 's biased information . 
   we 're basically lagging behind the other eu bigs in terms of growth and we do n't want/can resolve the issue that have been plaguing us since decades . 
  this is an entirely different problem . 
  yes , italy is n't as rich as other eu countries , but it 's not in the poor spectrum either . 
  the 2008 crisis affected everyone and not everyone recovered as fast . 
  the eu ca n't tell you how to manage your economy . 
  it can give you advice and financial help , but you decide what to do with it . 
   those macroeconomics graph on wikipedia do n't addresse the shitty work conditions of post-graduates , the cost of living , the stagnating wages , the unemployment , the shitty governments . 
  people in germany are saying the same thing about germany , yet you think they are rich while you are poor . 
  you want things to be perfect . 
  you do not accept compromise . 
  that 's not how things work . 
  it 's not an `` all or nothing '' issue . 
  if it was , you would be making absolutely no progress at all . 
  the progress is slow , but it 's there . 
  you just do n't see it because by the time it happens , you 're already accustomed to it . 
  you take things for granted and constantly want more . 
  this is human nature . 
  things do n't dramatically change over night . 
  change takes time and it happens in small incremental steps . 
  and italy is going in the right direction . 
  most eu countries are . 
  even greece is . 
  the problem is that it 's not regulated . 
  those that manage sites where you can buy and sell bitcoin can take all the money and literally run away with it whenever they want . 
  it 's already happened at least twice . 
  people argue that it 's a good currency because the price is going up . 
  volatility is what makes it go up . 
  it 's an ongoing ponzi scheme . 
  the bubble inflates , bursts , then inflates again because there 's nobody to stop people from investing in it . 
  the last burst happened on july 16 this year . 
  3 days ago . 
  the price fell from 2400 $ to 2000 $ in less than 3 days . 
  now it 's back up again because people keep trading it in the hope of getting rich over night . 
  most lose on this gamble . 
  but they keep coming back . 
  make coal great again !, 
  / s it 's cheap , and it slowly kills you when you mine/burn it . 
  what better job could you want ? 
   it 's a shame that eu is only going to have one proper carrier in the future after brits leave . 
  the eu has nothing to do with the military . 
  the eu has no carriers . 
   the cuts are widely unpopular economical stability is not a popularity contest . 
  having unused tanks constantly maintained is n't creating jobs , it 's leeching money . 
  lots of money . 
  look at the us . 
  they invest a lot of money into the military while almost completely ignoring healthcare . 
  the number one reason for bankruptcy in the us is unpaid medical bills . 
  https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2017/05/05/this-is-the-no-1-reason-americans-file-for-bankruptcy/101148136/ as far as i know none of the budget cuts in france affect the healthcare system . 
  people are also ignoring the tax cuts for small and medium businesses while only focusing on the budget cuts . 
   it 's clear that you have no idea about the situation here . 
  just looking at a couple set of datas does n't give you at a better picture of the situation than me . 
  i 'm not saying that there are no poor people . 
  i 'm saying that things are getting better . 
  the reports are clear . 
  you 're only looking at the poor and you 're ignoring those that are getting better economically . 
  you 're also ignoring the fact that most of these poor families are refugees . 
  of course they are poor . 
  that 's why they came to italy . 
  you saw some poor people and then you reached the conclusion that the entire country is poor . 
  and you 're ignoring official government reports on the economy . 
  this is extremely biased . 
   i am not saying we should be choosing the refugees which get asylum based on education . 
  that is illegal . 
  i am saying we should choose immigrants based on this . 
  based on this ? 
  what is `` this '' , exactly ? 
   there are many economic migrants not all are refugees . 
  this discussion is about refugee , not economic migrants . 
  read the title of the article we 're discussing , `` chancellor angela merkel rejects ** refugee ** limit for germany in tv interview '' why are you trying to move the goal post ? 
  economic migrant policies are already in place . 
  they have been for ages . 
  if you 're not part of the eu and you 're not a refugee , you need to apply for a work visa if you want to work in germany . 
  there are specific conditions for that and they do require you to have a certain education . 
  but , again , this is about refugees , not economic migrants . 
  you can not pick and choose refugees based on their education . 
  it 's illegal . 
   um , i just showed you the 700 billion euro german deficit . 
  people owing them money is n't a deficit . 
  you have no idea what deficit means . 
  germany has had a budget surplus for the past 3 years . 
  that means that it 's making more money than it spends . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/business-39064795  the actual surplus figure of 23.7 bn euros represents 0.8 % of gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
   germany . 
  exactly . 
  germany loses money when they loan it to greece . 
  my point is that , even so , germany has a budget surplus . 
   i 've given you proof . 
  what exactly are denying ? 
  there is tons of information on the target2 imbalance . 
  the target2 imbalance only shows that germany manages to have an economy with a budget surplus even though they loaned lots of money to greece and others . 
  you 're ignoring the fact that those loans create profit for germany . 
  and not only from the loan payments , but from international trade . 
  greece uses that money to buy goods from germany and others . 
  that stimulates the economy . 
  you 're only focusing on germany 's loans that they gave to others and ignoring the other facts . 
   exports that have n't been paid for .
