  i never said i did . 
  i 'm just being skeptical of your crazy conspiracy theories . 
  you 've brought no proof . 
  am i supposed to take your word for it ? 
  i 've only said that you 've got no evidence for the crazy conspiracy theories you 've spouted so far . 
   it 's you that does n't understand why i do n't . 
  you 've still not explained it , bro . 
  how am i supposed to understand something when all you do is scream conspiracy theories without even bothering to try and support them with facts ? 
  the hungarian politicians came up the the bs reason of it having `` an unfair advantage '' . 
  they did n't even dare touch the crazy theories you 're spreading because they know they 're false . 
  they 're doing it because of the elections next year . 
  and it has backfired into massive protests . 
  i 'm still waiting for proof for your claims . 
   there is an abundance of information on the shit he finances , on wikileaks for example . 
  how about you bring some of those examples here . 
  you made the accusations , after all . 
  did you really made those accusations without actually knowing if they are true or not ? 
  are you that gullible ? 
   at the end of the day , it 's still a victory for hungary how is banning a university a victory for hungary ? 
  are you seriously ignoring all the people that are protesting this ? 
  how is pissing off people a victory for any country ? 
  how is hate good ? 
  you are being delusional . 
   i implore you not to go out and hit the books . 
  did you hit any books about the 2008 crisis ? 
  people always conveniently forget about that when blaming the eu and euro for their financial troubles . 
  that , and local corruption , is what made spain and greece economical failures . 
  the funny thing is that their economies are recovering . 
  you know . . just how things happen after economic crises . 
  the funny thing is that some of these politicians have also attended the university they are trying to ban . 
  was n't their will circumvented ? 
  and everyone is forgetting that hungary is going to have elections again soon . 
  this all sounds like a boogeyman hunt to gain support and push their agenda . 
  it 's worked in the us . 
  why not in hungary ? 
    while budapest argues its motivation is to remove the ceu 's unfair advantage over local institutions , which can only grant hungarian degrees , the move has sparked criticism from both europe and the u.s. and led to protests in budapest . 
  so instead of allowing other universities to grant foreign degrees , you ban the only one that can ? 
  really ? 
  is this the best they could come up with ? 
  what about all those soros conspiracies ? 
  why are n't they bringing them up ? 
  oh , wait ... they 're just conspiracies . 
  there 's not even circumstantial evidence to prove that soros is `` circumventing the collective will '' , as someone else put it . 
  the idea itself is ludicrous . 
  not even hollywood goes for these themes anymore . 
   his institutions are breeding grounds for his ideologies which are both toxic and oppressive to independent thought . 
  can you elaborate why that is so ? 
  what you said is just typical conspiracy theory material about soros . 
  these things have been used all over the world to distract attention from other issues . 
  especially around the elections . 
  is soros 's university is so bad , and you 've yet to show how that is so , then why are they attacking it right now ? 
  why are they doing this right before the elections ? 
  does n't this seem fishy to you ? 
  have n't you heard of this before ? 
  it 's happened before in the us . 
  now nobody is talking about soros anymore because the elections have come and gone . 
   you see my top level comment ? 
  downvoted to oblivion because it 's speaking ill of the master have you considered that you 're being down-voted because you 're making accusations without actually proving them ? 
  and you 're doing this in a very aggressive tone . 
   he is an unelected official , a force of power in the world which is outside of any natural checks and balances , and his institutions have become a nation unto themselves . 
  soros is dangerous , end of story . 
  can you prove any of these claims ? 
  are you just going to spout hatred and leave ? 
  you 're doing exactly that which you 're accusing soros of doing . 
  that 's called projection . 
  you 're projecting , bro . 
  you 've failed to provide even the most basic arguments for your claims and you 're being very aggressive . 
  that 's why you 're being down-voted . 
   this is a huge topic , and saying things like ` it 's great that we do n't need to change currency anymore ' just implies that you are at the start of a very long road . 
  i 've said much more than that , but you 've ignored it . 
   there is so much out there supporting what i am saying , you do n't need to listen to me ( which you wo n't anyway ) . 
  i do n't have to listen to you because you can argument your opinions with facts . 
  that 's how discussions work . 
  opposition leaders and journalists are dying all over the place in russia , but russia clearly is n't influencing elections in other countries . 
   he 's a secret tyrant who uses his wealth to subvert the collective will and cultural identities of countries all over the world . 
  if so , is he the only secret tyrant that does this ? 
  have you considered that they are doing this only as a way to gain political support ? 
  hungary is going to have elections again soon . 
  do you think this is a coincidence ? 
  this is eerily familiar to what erdogan is doing in turkey . 
  get yourself an external target , turn it into an enemy , then attack it to create fear and hatred to push your political agenda . 
  it 's happening so frequent now that it is n't funny anymore . 
  seriously , how is soros subverting the collective will and collective identities of countries all over the world ? 
  are you sure this is n't just another will subversion thing ? 
  how did that university subvert the collective will ? 
  the politicians that are attacking it were themselves students of that university . 
  was n't their will subverted ? 
   there are hired trolls in the biggest online mediums who are paid to spread russo-friendly statements in comments sections . 
  however , i just can \u00b4 t agree with the `` interference with the elections '' part . 
  russia is interfering in the elections by spreading fake news about their undesirable candidates . 
  why do you think they are hiring all these trolls to begin with ? 
  these things happen right before elections and die off right after elections . 
  there are literally entire websites of fake news that did not exist before the elections . 
  these websites go completely cold or disappear entirely after the elections . 
   not going to read the rest . 
  you make an accusation but do not care to uphold it with arguments and you dismiss the opposing arguments without even reading them . 
  this is not how you improve things . 
  one sided discussions without any arguments , like what you are doing , is the same as propaganda . 
  this discussion is over . 
   no that 's exactly the case , what makes you think it is n't ?
