  uk politicians used people 's irrational fear of immigrants and a false sense of lack of sovereignty to push their political agenda and benefit themselves . 
  you 're now trying to blame someone else for your own failure . 
  your pride will keep you from admitting it . 
  you 'd rather sink and take others down with you in order to justify your choice . 
   published on sep 16 , 2014 might as well tag it ussr propaganda . 
   we are not your enemy . 
  we are your friend . 
   he 's looking at what can actually be verifiably quantified . 
  you ca n't make a judgement based on figures you admitted you ca n't quantify and therefore ignore . 
  it 's a huge gamble that may end up badly . 
  also , these things are n't 100 % unknown . 
  they can and are quantifiable . 
  the economy can be gauged at any time . 
  estimates can be made . 
  the problem is that they were n't made . 
  people were misled with incomplete facts , fear and a false sentiment of patriotism . 
  and most of them are now starting to realize it . 
  the economical part , at least . 
  the point here is that whataboutism is used to invalidate the other person 's point with a logical fallacy . 
  the fact that jimmy stole 5 dollars 30 years ago should n't invalidate his present activity . 
  that means you 're supposed to judge someone based on what they did and on what they 're doing to fix what they did . 
  the us invaded irak , but they eventually left . 
  russia shows no signs of ever leaving crimea . 
  bringing up irak does n't change the fact that invading a sovereign country is wrong . 
   so to many people they 'll be better . 
  that 's what pro-brexit politicians told you . 
  and they 're right when speaking about the upper class . 
  the lower class will feel the burn , as always . 
  people are already regretting their `` yes '' vote . 
  and companies , banks as well , have started moving some of their assets and operations elsewhere . 
   and that led to tensions , which led to brexit . 
  honestly , the eu does n't force you to accept all immigrants . 
  saying that immigrants led to brexit is only the pretext . 
  that 's propaganda talking . 
  it 's true that people fear the unknown and immigrants always have a bad reputation . 
  it 's also true that politicians politicize immigrants to their benefit . 
  immigrants , input/output money exchange and sovereignty are all propaganda . 
  the real reason people voted `` yes '' on brexit is fear and ignorance . 
  and it 's showing in their regret and in the economy . 
   the inflation has made things very slightly more expensive that 's only the tip of the iceberg . 
  i really hope things will be ok for you , but odds are they 'll get worse before they 'll get better . 
   we have n't gone to war brexit was n't a declaration of war . 
  it was a declaration of stupidity . 
   hm , is n't the other name for it `` double standards '' ? 
  saying that jimmy stole 5 dollars 30 years ago does n't give you legitimacy to steal 1 dollar today . 
  people are better off choosing jimmy over you because you 've already made it clear that you want to steal 1 dollar . 
   the good news is that outside the eu we can still have immigration into the uk and benefit from what immigrants bring us . 
  as i said before , you 're only interested in the benefits and not the duties that come with them . 
  if a federation can be achieved while supporting all member states equally and not via a `` multi-speed '' plan , then it 's a good idea . 
  this , however , is very unlikely as the eu , as it is right now , is already pushing towards a multi speed plan and that will end up more or less how the us is right now , meaning a corporation corrupted republic . 
  communism was also a good idea on paper , but in practice it was a failure . 
  some good ideas still remain and make the core ideals for social democracies . 
  unless the equality of states is guaranteed ( in rights , representation and federal aid ) , making another federation is a bad idea . 
   the great benefits we 're getting from free movement of labour largely consist of a pool of workers who are prepared to work for minimum wage and send money home . 
  it 's their money . 
  they can send it wherever they want . 
  you 're talking about them as if you 'd want them to spend it in the uk . 
  and that 's completely overlooking the fact that they do jobs that most uk citizens do n't want and ignoring that lots of specialized workers also come from the eu . 
  as i mentioned in my first comment , you 'd like all of the benefits but none of the duties that come with them . 
   yes , but you receive more money than you contribute ... so . . that 's not contributing ( that sounds harsh , but i do n't mean it to ) the point of this is that all members gain more than they contribute . 
  you 're subjectively omitting from your calculations all of the money the uk made from free trade and the free movement of people inside the eu . 
  romania is n't the only other eu member , even though you benefited a lot from cheap labor that originated from eastern europe . 
  ** you 're just looking at what you directly contributed versus what you directly got back from the eu while conveniently omitting all of the rest . 
  ** that 's not how the eu works . 
   and for the record if we wanted all of the benefits with none of the contributions we 'd be trying to stay in the single market while reducing our contribution and immigration is n't that what the uk is trying to do now ? 
  get good trade deals with the eu ? 
  they 'll be worse than the ones from before , but that 's only logical . 
   i 'm not personally affected but i 'm not going to completely dismiss the concerns of working class communities who have seen their communities quickly changed by that . 
  so you 're angry at all of that cheap labor force that originated in eastern europe ? 
  you 're angry at romanians for stealing the jobs that you did n't want in the first place ? 
  let me guess ... you 're going to bring up gypsies because you saw them once or twice on tv , right ? 
  how about all of those romanians that cook and clean for you in the background ? 
   my point is for the net contributor nations the contributions are arguably smaller than the benefits . 
  the problem is that you 're only looking at the direct input and direct output . 
  there 's way more money being made from free trade and the free labor market . 
  the uk is already starting to feel how much it depended on free trade . 
  so far , brexit has been a negative example and has only served as a reminder of why the eu was created in the first place . 
  cooperation is always better than isolation when you have to deal with others . 
  [ even ais realize that by trial and error . 
  ] ( https://deepmind.com/blog/understanding-agent-cooperation/ ), 
   except that nato does n't do direct payments in and spending out the eu is much more than direct in and out payments . 
  the uk benefited a lot from free trade and free labor movement . 
   in other words , it 's much nicer to be the one getting bought free drinks than the one stuck paying the tab . 
  ** so you want the guy who rolled in on a bike to buy everyone champagne because that 's what the guy who rolled in a limousine did ? 
  ** the guy who rolled in on a bike brought home made pizza because he 's broke . 
  everyone brought what they could afford and they had a good time . 
  i might be assuming a lot here , but you do n't seem to be fun at parties . 
  seriously , though , the more you contribute , the more you benefit . 
  the uk benefits a lot from free trade and free movement of labor . 
  you guys always label us romanians as gypsies even though there were lots of scandals about paid gypsies brought to london to stay on the streets so that people would vote for brexit . 
  the point of this is that all members gain more than they contribute . 
  you 're subjectively omitting from your calculations all of the money the uk made from free trade and the free movement of people inside the eu . 
  romania is n't the only other eu member , even though you benefited a lot from cheap labor that originated from eastern europe . 
  ** you 're just looking at what you directly contributed versus what you directly got back from the eu while conveniently omitting all of the rest . 
  ** that 's not how the eu works . 
   i 'm sorry to get personal but what exactly did you personally lose at the expense of romania ? 
  did the eu take away food from your table to put it on mine ? 
  i highly doubt that 's the case . 
  all eu members contribute and all members benefit . 
  contributions are relative to each country 's gdp because some countries are physically bigger than others and can produce more wealth just by being bigger and having more citizens that work .
