   ( even if they never abused anyone ) spreading and consuming child pornography is illegal because it creates a market for it . 
  this leads to people willing to create more of it . 
   so what ? 
  the reason why child porn is banned and unacceptable is because it has a very high chance of causing harm to a child . 
  do n't they need child models to create and test these products ? 
  that 's how adult sex toys are created , by having actual people as models . 
  usually porn stars . 
  ae there any child porn stars ? 
  do you see my point ? 
   seriously , this shit is not even hard to imagine . 
  is it legal , though ? 
   if those people can be gross in private but still get their creep on isn \u00b4 t that good ? 
  it 's highly debatable because if this `` industry '' thrives , what will it lead to next ? 
  it 's inevitable that it will branch out and make ever more realistic products . 
  and how exactly are they modelling them ? 
  how does their qa department operate ? 
  the article literally plays ping-pong around the issue . 
  it starts by saying that the uk economy will surge and gdp will rise by 2 % , according to a leading annalist . 
  then it switches to the present day economy which is n't surging but growing at half the pace of the eu average . 
  there are quotes in there for everybody to cherry pick at their leisure . 
   mr trump , whose mother , mary anne macleod , was scottish , also expressed concern about whether there would be a second scottish independence referendum - and what the consequences could be for the british open . 
   `` is scotland going to go for the vote , by the way ? 
  you do n't see it . 
  it would be terrible . 
  they just went through hell , '' the president asked the wsj editor , gerard baker , according to the transcript . 
   `` they just went through hell , '' he repeats . 
   `` one little thing , what would they do with the british open if they ever got out ? 
  they 'd no longer have the british open . '', 
   baker 's response is inaudible . 
  mr trump then says : `` scotland . 
  keep it in scotland . '', 
   the us president has several golf interests in scotland , including his resorts , trump turnberry and trump international golf links near aberdeen . 
  the proof of the pudding . 
   none of them , unfortunately , completed the 10-month programme on offer . 
  by late february , there were none at all until finally last week the centre was shut down after a senate committee deemed the initiative `` a complete fiasco '' . 
  this should have been the end of the article . 
  instead , it goes on beating the dead horse and criticizing an attempt to fix a problem . 
  seriously , this type of thinking is n't productive . 
  people ask their governments to `` do something '' while they themselves have no idea what exactly their governments are supposed to do . 
  then , after their governments try and fail , they mock the failure and beat that dead horse until there 's nothing left . 
  during all this time , none of them manage to actually find a solution for the actual problem . 
  it 's like most people like being bitter . 
  it 's like they like complaining and are perpetually dissatisfied . 
  even when the solution actually works , there will still be a lot of people criticizing it for random reasons that have nothing to do with the problem . 
  tl ; dr : it 's a shitty `` back of the bus '' article that condemns the french government for trying to fix a problem . 
   `` splendid isolation '' is a diplomatic policy of avoiding alliances and entanglements . 
  some historians use the term to describe the foreign policy pursued by britain during the late 19th century 19th century tactics used in 21st century context ? 
  like north korea does ? 
  you 're also missing the [ context ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_relations_of_the_great_powers_\\ ( 1814 % e2 % 80 % 931919 \\ ) #british _ policies ) from the 19th century . 
   british foreign policy was set by george canning ( 1822 -- 27 ) , who avoided close cooperation with other powers . 
  britain , with its unchallenged royal navy and increasing financial wealth and industrial strength , built its foreign policy on the principle that no state should be allowed to dominate the continent . 
  the uk lacks both financial wealth and industrial strength . 
  if you stay isolated , you 'll end up like north korea . 
   they did n't disappear nor the people just an union state was no more . 
  people still had their homes and families there . 
  i agree . 
  but the government was gone . 
  it was replaced by others . 
  the way of life was no longer the same . 
  things changed radically . 
   if the job only exists because underpaid migrants will take it , it is n't much of a loss , is it ? 
  this is not true . 
  these jobs were not invented for immigrants . 
  people complain that immigrants `` steal their jobs '' not that immigrants are contributing to the economy via jobs made especially for them . 
  this is moving the goal post yet again . 
  before that it was `` they are stealing our jobs '' and before that it was `` they are leeching off the government '' . 
  are you saying that , if immigrants go away , there will be no jobs for cleaning the city , no jobs for taking care of the elderly and no seasonal jobs in agriculture ? 
  will you live in garbage ? 
  will you let your elders to die alone ? 
  will you stop eating ? 
   i wonder how you rationalize traffic restrictions , speed limits etc. 
  these rules apply to everyone , not just to a specific group of people . 
  if you want safety checks at the entrance of bars/clubs , sure , go for it . 
  they are ok as long as they apply to everyone and as long as human rights are respected . 
   you must be aware that if you talk about `` freedom of movement '' in the context of the eu people will assume you are talking about the rights established under eu law for eu citizens . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a vague issue by default , so context is vital . 
   i enjoyed our talk . 
  us & eu : russia , we 'll be doing way less business with you until you return crimea to ukraine . 
  russia : no !, 
  motherland will less business with you !, 
   one is used in an official legally defined way , the other just refers to the ability to enter other countries in the most general sense . 
  then we 're talking about different things and from here stems our disagreement . 
  you 're talking about `` freedom of movement '' tm and i 'm talking about freedom of movement in general as defined in the wikipedia article i showed you . 
  they are different , but related . 
  you idea is a special and well defined version of my idea . 
  that 's my point . 
  there are more types of freedom of movement than that defined within the eu . 
   the freedom to move from nation to nation exists outside the eu . 
  `` freedom of movement '' tm , in its legal sense , does not exist outside of the eu . 
  with this i agree . 
  i think we just had a problem of understanding . 
    after brexit the uk will have to negotiate new bespoke programmes with these nations . 
  it 's not referring to travel to eu countries . 
  this is normal . 
  the ranking is made from an international point of view . 
   except as i 've explained a bunch of times already , there wo n't be any need for britons to have visas to visit the eu after brexit , and there wo n't be any need for eu citizens to get visa to visit the uk after brexit . 
  you say you 're certain , i say that we do n't know yet . 
  it 's kind of futile to debate the future . 
   ok , so , as far as i 'm concerned , this whole thing was a misunderstanding because we were talking about two different notions .
