  they either get poorly paying jobs or no job at all . 
  that 's the reality of things . 
   i taught myself german and french through tv and books when i was a child , my parents dont speak a word and still do n't . 
   anyone can learn any language in less than a year if they try . 
  do you have millions of teachers or tvs to give to all the refugees so that all of them will learn german within the next 6 months ? 
   they 're lazy . 
  there 's your biggest if . 
  that 's xenophobic , bro . 
  these people literally risked their lives to come to germany . 
  many of them did n't make it . 
  they 're not lazy . 
  they 're being treated poorly by people like you who do n't even give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  sure , there will always be bad apples , but that 's true for every community . 
  they either get poorly paying jobs or no job at all because of their origins . 
  that 's the reality of things . 
  ** there are bad apples on both sides . 
   i would argue that if they were motivated , it would certainly be possible to complete an apprenticeship with 4 years of basic school ( so you can read and write ) and a short german course . 
  the point you 're missing is that there are n't enough teachers for the millions of refugees that need this basic training . 
  you ca n't just teach them all in 6 months . 
  it 's not possible . 
  it has to happen in stages and with limited groups of people . 
  this is already happening and that 's why it 's taking so long . 
   most of the refugees probably have more than that and get better courses in germany . 
  yep . 
  this is already happening . 
   yeah i do n't think china 's economy got to its current size with public services china has a huge population . 
  up to until recent years they really did n't care about social services because there was always someone else willing to take the job . 
  pollution and the lack of social services have started to be a problem for china , so they 're ramping up both sectors because people are starting to notice and complain . 
   neither did the usa in the 1940s neither do they today . 
  medical bills are the number one reason for bankruptcy in the us . 
  https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/personalfinance/2017/05/05/this-is-the-no-1-reason-americans-file-for-bankruptcy/101148136/  getting health and education in any country does n't indicate anything about the quality of those services . 
  it does n't really help people if they have quality healthcare that they can not afford . 
   to be honest , language schools are overloaded right now , but you 're making the situation sound far more hopeless than it actually is . 
  the point is that it 's going to take longer than 6 months because , as you said , there are n't enough teachers . 
  do you have millions of teachers that can speak all the languages of the refugees in order to teach them all german within the next 6-8 months ? 
  an educated person , sure , would learn basic german in less than a year . 
  most of these people will have to start from scratch with their entire education , not just with learning german . 
  that 's assuming you 've had proper education up until then in order to understand the courses . 
  and assuming there are enough language specialists able to teach these intensive courses in the native languages of the refugees . 
  these are big ifs . 
  you ca n't just teach german to millions of people in just 6 months . 
  there are n't than many teachers that can speak the languages of the refugees . 
  this is already happening , but in stages and with limited groups of people . 
   if you actually try hard , it takes 1-2 years at most to learn proper german and 2-3 years to complete an apprenticeship that will give you plenty of job opportunities . 
  if you 're not an immigrant and had proper education up until then , sure . 
  maybe even less . 
   i personally know a guy that learned german in 6-9 months , starting from scratch . 
  is he an immigrant from a war torn country ? 
  these things take time . 
  it 's actually impressive that 25 % of them will be employable within 5 years . 
  how long does it take the average human to learn a language and get the skills required to enter the work force ? 
  do you have millions of teachers that can speak all the languages of the refugees in order to teach them all german within the next 6-8 months ? 
  you need to remember that these people lack the language and practical skills required to work . 
  most western people assume they benefited from the same education as they did . 
  this is not true . 
  they come from war torn countries that lack even basic social services . 
  most of them have to start from scratch with their entire education , not just with learning german . 
   with the french government due to announce on thursday which elements of the emergency rules will be written into the regular legal code , rights groups are calling foul . 
  terrorists win when people lose their rights . 
  stay safe . 
  lakes are beginning to thaw . 
   i said bigger economy does not equal better services . 
  and i told that it goes the other way around . 
  you get a big economy when you have good social services . 
   anyway , just because the eu economy is improving does n't somehow mean public services will improve with it . 
  the eu economy is improving because social services are improving . 
  you can literally go , as an eu citizen , in any eu country to work and live there for as long as you want . 
  you get all the health and education benefits . 
  that 's how the eu economy got so big . 
   what a strange thing that you managed to drag the us into a conversation about internal matters of europe ? 
  the guy asked about `` the things that matter '' within a society . 
  the article we 're commenting on focuses on immigration while completely ignoring everything else . 
  ** i gave the us as an example because trump uses the same anti eu rhetoric as this article and because the us also has an immigration problem . 
  ** people say the eu sucks but they cry foul play whenever comparisons are made . 
  how else are you supposed to learn anything if not by making comparisons ? 
  the us also has an immigration problem . 
  the difference between the us and eu is that the eu uses the money , that the us mostly spends on border security , on social services for immigrants . 
  the us tries and fails to keep them out and ends up with millions of undocumented immigrants . 
  the eu documents them and tries to help them . 
  ** neither system is perfect , but only one leads to a stronger economy . 
  ** whenever you 're talking about the eu , you 're inevitably comparing it to the us and/or china because these are the top 3 economies of the world . 
   nominal gdp does not take into account differences in the cost of living in different countries , and the results can vary greatly from one year to another based on fluctuations in the exchange rates of the country 's currency . 
   such fluctuations may change a country 's ranking from one year to the next , even though they often make little or no difference in the standard of living of its population . 
   comparisons of national wealth are also frequently made on the basis of purchasing power parity ( ppp ) , to adjust for differences in the cost of living in different countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ), 
   bigger economy ! = best public services . 
  it actually goes the other way around . 
  good social services lead to a good economy because people ca n't work if they are sick or unqualified . 
   the european union is the second largest economy in the world ( if treated as a single country ) ** in nominal terms and according to purchasing power parity ( ppp ) ** . 
   there is a threath in this very sub right now talking about crumbling infraestructure in germany because of lack of proper funding and spending . 
  and it says nothing about immigrants . 
  that 's a political and a bureaucracy issue . 
  funding is n't even the problem . 
  each road is the responsibility of each local administration . 
  and some regions are more lazy than others . 
  it 's not a problem for the federal german government . 
   we ca n't ignore the up to 20 billion the german federal goverment spent on refugees last year yeah , bro . 
  how do the germans dare and help them when they clearly had a budget surplus for the last 3 years ? 
  [ german budget surplus soars as economy motors ahead ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-germany-economy-gdp-iduskbn1620l3 )  germany has been running a surplus for three years . 
  soaring tax revenues , rising employment and low debt costs helped drive the gap higher to 23.7 billion euros ( $ 25 billion ) in 2016 .
