  she 's never even been to russia !, 
  / s in case you did n't know , '' / s '' is a mark for sarcasm . 
    it seems that you only argue for business how else are people supposed to get jobs ? 
  how else are people supposed to make money ? 
  you seem to not know how money works . 
    repeat same neoliberal myths over and over again that has been debunked many times what myths have been debunked many times ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
   i 'll take your lack of a response as a lack of knowledge and spreading of meaningless fear and propaganda . 
   and refuse to understand that people simply lack tools to have a stable life tools like what ? 
  jobs ? 
  how are people supposed to get jobs if you said that  we do n't need more business owners . 
  who 's going to make those jobs ? 
  do you think lepen will personally hire every unemployed frenchman ? 
   you are highly delusional , my friend . 
  you 've been fooled by lepen and her propaganda of hate and fear . 
  you literally can not make a coherent argument without going down into vague conspiracy theories . 
  you have been brainwashed . 
  have a nice day . 
   in what world is two words expressed as an obvious and subjective opinion `` propaganda '' ? 
  [ in the real world . 
  ] ( http://www.ww1propaganda.com/sites/default/files/3g11307u-1032.jpg?1309094689 ) that 's literally the definition of propaganda . 
    information , especially of a biased or misleading nature , used to promote a political cause or point of view . 
  ...  sometimes i just feel like expressing an opinion and leaving it at that . 
  all of this is perfectly admissable . 
  of course . 
  arguments cost extra since in lepen 's case they are really hard to find . 
   if i was getting paid to `` shill '' for lepen by the russians , i would n't be worth my pay cheque if all i could add to the `` shill effort '' was `` smart town '' would i ? 
  be off with your paranoia . 
  i already told you that you 're being lazy . 
  it 's ok . you 're just bad at your job . 
   are you trying to imply that liking lepen is somehow a bannable offense on here ? 
  i 'm trying to imply that propaganda without arguments and facts has very little value . 
   [ smart town . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/63jz09/france_the_town_that_turned_to_le_pen/dfuswu3/ ) that wo n't get you banned . 
  but it will get you down-voted because it 's baseless propaganda for lepen . 
  and we all know lepen is getting her campaign funded by russians . 
  we 're just adding 2 and 2 together . 
  if you 'd really have an honest opinion , you 'd be able to argument it . 
   the origin is neoliberal transformation of the 70s and 80s and subsequent globalization . 
  we all know that . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  coal mines are being closed not because of neoliberals or globalization , but because of new technology and capitalism . 
  even if you deport all immigrants and deny them future entry , you 'd still have to trade with other countries . 
  and unless you outlaw the free market , companies will always buy at the lowest price . 
   does n't change the main point that people are rightfully pissed . 
  at what ? 
  you said they should n't be pissed on immigrants and on this i agree . 
  at what should they be pissed ? 
  at technology ? 
  at progress ? 
  at the free market and the competition that leads to better prices ? 
  ** anger is unjustified because progress is inevitable . 
  ** the french government has spent billions in efforts of helping these communities yet people are still pissed . 
  and most of them are angry on immigrants . 
  these people do n't need politicians like lepen that literally do nothing but feed their fears , anger and hatred . 
  they need explanations about how things work and counsel about how they can get help . 
  because they can get help . 
  they just do n't know it or are refusing it . 
   i 'm sorry but that is so fucking entitled . 
  what have you done in your life to give you right to talk down millions of people that have no perspectives and live in economically volatile world that renders them unable to plan their future ? 
  since when are facts being entitled ? 
  these people can easily apply for government aid . 
  they can literally get free money if they can come up with a business idea . 
   obviously there is n't enough help if it 's so easy for populists to hijack . 
  you 're obviously generalizing . 
  the problem is that they either do n't know about these programs , or they simply refuse change . 
  most of them fall in the last category . 
  the video article confirms this . 
  they 'd rather blame immigrants than try to make a living from a new business idea . 
   yes , and they are a small minority that gets extrapolated on the rest of the class . 
  other people , like yourself , fall for their misguidance and spread it further . 
  that 's how you get this general anti eu , anti immigrants and anti establishment sentiment . 
  it 's funny how people always blame all politicians , but seek comfort and hope in other politicians that preach the same falsehoods . 
   it 's not solely about coal too but rather it 's a part of the bigger problem of leaving whole chunks of society behind without a plan . 
  and clearly that 's entirely the fault of immigrants and of the eu . 
  / s take away this rhetoric and politicians like trump and lepen have literally nothing to talk about because their whole campaigns are based on fear , anger and hate . 
  they have literally no plan about how to fix things . 
  they 're only echo-ing the blame on immigrants . 
  trump is already showing the world what that leads to . 
  and it 's not pretty . 
   thanks for your opinion . 
  i respectfully disagree with your interpretation of the fn . 
  you got banned on other accounts before , have n't you ? 
   guess what , there 's plenty of people who like lepen who are n't russian . 
  even like a quarter of france . 
  fake news can only get you so far . 
  people may be stupid and desperate , but they eventually catch on that you 're not trying to help them but only trying to seize power by propagating fear and hate . 
  fear and hate does n't keep you warm and it does n't feed you when you 're hungry . 
  bro , you 're getting lazy . 
  is russian shilling money running out ? 
  you need to reconsider your line of work . 
  fake news , just like coal mining , is not the way of the future . 
  i saw no paywall . 
  the article is a 16 minute video . 
  you can download it as mp4 from here : https://bcsecure04-a.akamaihd.net/34/47628783001/201703/2739/47628783001_5380565298001_5380540538001.mp4, 
   it 's a romanian agency the article says it 's a temporary agency based in bucharest , a branch of the international transport giant and the dutch-american logistics facilities in 170 countries with 51,000 employees . 
  that sounds like the temporary agency was setup in bucharest so that they can justify paying people in another currency . 
   it 's virtually impossible to predict changes in employment trends 20 years onwards this has been a problem for over 20 years . 
  coal did n't just die over night . 
  also , that 's not the point .
