  what he does is representative for the russian state . 
  people refer to him the way people refer to the us when talking about trump . 
   exactly . 
  that 's not evidence of putin sanctioning perepilichnyy 's killing . 
  yep . 
  it 's just a coincidence that only anti russia activists and journalists die in mysterious ways . 
  / s [ list of journalists killed in russia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_journalists_killed_in_russia )  anatomy of injustice , the report by the cpj , displays the conclusions the committee has reached about certain deaths since 2000 : the authorities do not acknowledge some of these deaths as homicide , while several others reached the courts but have led at most to the conviction of the perpetrator , not those who ordered the killing . 
  this is n't a conspiracy theory . 
  it 's a well documented phenomenon that 's been going on for decades . 
   in september , the in report , justice , in which the committee to protect journalists repeated its conclusion that russia was one of the deadliest countries in the world for journalists and added that it remains among the worst at solving their murders . 
  journalists died or were killed , the cpj argued , because of the work they were doing and only one case has lead to a partially successful prosecution . 
  ...  i 'll say it again : there 's literally nothing here connecting putin to perepilichnyy 's poisoning . 
  and i 'll say it again : putin himself would never do it himself . 
  it 's not about putin , personally . 
  it 's about the russian government which he represents . 
   as you just said : submit an assessment . 
  there 's literally nothing here connecting putin to perepilichnyy 's poisoning . 
  saying that there 's no connection between them is factually false . 
  there are many other cases . 
  obviously , putin did n't personally poison them . 
  and , obviously , russia is denying everything while also making it hard for others to investigate these cases . 
  ** it 's all just a conspiracy theory until a guy 's death is officially declared a suicide after he 's found shot in the head multiple times . 
   i 'm sure that us spies regularly talk to buzzfeed and leak them classified information . 
  they do n't have to leak it . 
  it 's publicly available . 
  [ \\ ( sec . 
  503 \\ ) directs the dni to submit to congress an assessment on the use of political assassinations as a form of statecraft by the russian federation since january 1 , 2000 . 
  ] ( https://www.congress.gov/bill/114th-congress/senate-bill/1705 ) that document is referenced in the buzzfeed article . 
  did you even read it ? 
  political assassinations are strategies used by the russian federation . 
  saying that there 's no connection between them is factually false . 
   without leaking the actual original reports to a whistleblower organization ( like wikileaks ) for verification and publishing , there is no reason to believe buzzfeed . 
  because wikileaks has the best anonymous sources . 
  / s great logic , bro . 
   they are claiming that putin himself sanctioned it - without proof you did n't read the source article . 
   us spies said they have passed mi6 high-grade intelligence indicating that perepilichnyy was likely `` assassinated on direct orders from putin or people close to him '' and lambasted the british police for their `` botched '' investigation . 
   a highly classified report on russian state assassinations compiled for the us congress by the office of the director of national intelligence last year asserts with `` high confidence '' that perepilichnyy 's murder was sanctioned by putin , russia 's president . 
   french police are treating the financier 's death as a suspected organised assassination -- but say they have been repeatedly stonewalled by their british counterparts . 
   perepilichnyy travelled to paris before his death for a secret assignation with a 22-year-old ukrainian woman named elmira medynska , who gave an exclusive interview to buzzfeed news , but who british and french police never spoke to . 
  this is n't a `` smoking gun '' with putin 's fingerprints on it , but it 's russian modus operandi . 
  this is just one of many other similar cases in which anti russian government activists and/or politicians die in mysterious ways and end up being officially labeled as `` suicide '' or just left unsolved . 
  claiming that there 's no connection is factually false . 
   in the end it will change nothing . 
  the point was not to judge a book by its covers . 
  this can and has to change . 
  all comments on / r/europe that point to buzzfeed are automatically deleted . 
  that 's not cool . 
   though an expert found traces of poison in perepilichnyy 's stomach , british officials stated that there was no evidence of foul play in his death . 
  people here downplay this because it 's based on a buzzfeed article . 
  you should really read the article before coming to any conclusions . 
   the inquest , which will seek to establish perepilichnyy 's cause of death , opened on june 5 and is set to run for several weeks . 
  it will hear conflicting evidence from the police toxicologist who ruled out poison in the initial postmortem and threw away most of perepilichnyy 's stomach contents , and the independent plant expert who later identified traces of gelsemium in what remained of the sample from the dead man 's stomach . 
  the russian `` friend or foe '' rhetoric is getting really old . 
   are you stupid or just dyslexic ? 
  why are you insulting me ? 
   technically piratebay shows links to stuff that may or may not be illegal . 
  pirate bay describes itself as a place to  download music , movies , games , software !, 
  while showing ads on pirated content uploaded by its users . 
  that 's illegal in almost all countries . 
  had they not marketed it how they did and not displayed ads , the site would have not had all the legal troubles it went through . 
  yes , people use it for piracy . 
  that falls on its users . 
  but the site explicitly markets itself as a place to download pirated content while also profiting from ads generated by traffic to pirated content . 
  ** there are plenty other torrent trackers that still exist and do not have legal issues because they do not publicize piracy and they do not display ads . 
   ever heard of free and open source software ? 
  the wast majority of content is pirated . 
  also , how about music and movies ? 
  show me 10 royalty free torrents of music or movies on pirate bay . 
  ** the site knows people use it for piracy . 
  it openly advertises this and it profits from it . 
  ** the site would have had little to no legal troubles if they had not marketed it as they did and still do and if they had not profited from ads . 
  there are plenty of other torrent trackers that do not promote pirated content and which do not have ads . 
  they still exist . 
   ads are needed to keep the services running . 
  the make way more money than is needed to run the servers . 
  profiting from piracy is illegal . 
  piracy , by itself , is illegal because it infringes the rights of the people that worked on the pirated content . 
  internet freedom is not about piracy . 
   he created a site in which users can put up their torrent links which could or could not contain copy righted material to profit from ads which 95 % of the users block anyway . 
  the site explicitly has and promotes the `` games '' and `` music '' categories on the front page . 
  the site description is  download music , movies , games , software !, 
  internet freedom is not about piracy . 
  remember that this guy created a site that uses piracy to generate traffic and profit from ads . 
  he 's not exactly the most trust worthy person . 
   facebook is popular because you want one social network , not twenty . 
  what if you could have 20 social networks that all use the same communication standard that allows them to distribute data between them ? 
   this will be the future of the internet because things can only scale so much . 
  this would also automatically fix ddos attacks and the need to have your own servers across the planet with data duplication between them . 
  the perfect response . 
  well , the article says there is the one beach at 30 000 m ^ 2 , not multiple totaling that surface . 
   therme bucharest , the biggest wellness and spa complex in romania , announced it would open ** a 30,000 sqm beach ** starting june 10 . 
  maybe that 's the distinction . 
  someone is having fun on [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_unionist_party ) . 
   the democratic unionist party ( dup ) is the largest shower of cunts in westminister and the third-largest in northern ireland . 
  founded by ian paisley after fucking a badger paved into a gypsy tarmac , it is the largest incident of mass suicide in northern ireland 's history following the rape and murder of theresa may 's youngest son , actor and comedian pope francis . 
  a [ print-screen ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pqwvpyl.png ) for future reference . 
  which one is the biggest ? 
  is there an english source for this article ? 
  russia is withholding wreckage critical to the investigation but it 's the west that 's meddling in russian internal affairs . 
  hmm ...
