   you read 4 posts of mine already , and no where have i said anything about the speed of things . 
  you literally said this  the state is untouched , the taxes too high , the beaurocracy and cronyism are as bad as they have ever been , tax evasion going strong , the debt is less viable than it has ever been . 
  the only goal achieved , is that eu governments can say : look they had a surplus , it is all good now . 
  you 're downplaying the progress that has been made by saying that other things have n't been fixed . 
  you 're literally mocking it . 
   even though greece had a surplus in 2016 , the debt/gdp ratio rose , which means the ability to repay said debt got worse . 
  the economy shrinks is not a vague statement , it literally means gdp shrank . 
  raw gdp is a terrible way of gauging a country 's economy because it does n't account for prices . 
  if you look at gdp adjusted by ppp , you 'll see that greece has been slowly progressing since 2013 . https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/gdp-per-capita-ppp  as an external observer you see one year of debt shuffle and overtaxation and assume there is improvement because of the surplus . 
  are you trying to say that greece has n't made any progress and that the greek government and the eu are wrong ? 
  remember that progress does n't mean fixing all of your problems over night . 
   there is 0 % chance that people from the uk will need visas to visit eu countries . 
  and you know this how ? 
  can you predict the future ? 
  things will no longer be the same . 
  the uk ca n't pick and choose benefits while ignoring obligations . 
  the eu has made this clear from the start and has reiterated it every time the negotiations have failed . 
   i dont see what - your - problem is . 
  his earlier comment was missing some context . 
  he then clarified that . 
  he clarified it only after it was exposed as being taken out of context while he admitted to being biased . 
  he intentionally posted an out of context comment because he was biased . 
  if he were n't exposed , others would have been mislead by his comment . 
  this is not ok . 
  fake news is a huge problem . 
   lol you downvoted me for making clear im a different user than you thought ? 
  how extremely petty of you . 
  no , dude . 
  i 'm down-voting you because you 're trying to down-play fake news as not being a big problem . 
  it is . 
   it is unfair to discount anything a british paper has to say on the topic , simply because it is british . 
  i actually quoted the title and a paragraph from the article . 
  that was n't the only argument . 
   furthermore , it is a mistake to reject anything that might hold a hint of criticism of the eu , simply because some nutjobs on an island are misinformed . 
  i 'm ok with constructive criticism . 
  this is n't constructive criticism . 
  the article does n't mention any root problems nor how they can be solved . 
  the article aims to diminish greece 's achievements and to paint it in a perpetual crisis state . 
  and you can argue that it was written for a very specific target audience . 
   clearly a deal will be made for visa and it 'll be # / $ 0.00 and the mass tourism will continue . 
  and you can `` clearly '' predict the future . 
   do n't you get tired of posting garbage comments ? 
  since when are facts `` garbage comments '' ? 
  after brexit , the uk will have to negotiate a separate freedom of movement deal or uk citizens will need visas to travel to the eu . 
  this is a fact . 
  the uk brexit negotiations are going poorly so the chances of this happening are very low , especially since the uk came up with brexit because they did n't like eus freedom of movement . 
  this is also a fact . 
  people from the uk are being pragmatic about brexit and are benefiting as much as they can from the eu while they still can . 
  the 3.4 millions brits mentioned in the article prove this . 
  [ percentage of young adults in europe , aged 25-34 , who still live with their parents ] ( http://brilliantmaps.com/europe-live-parents/ ) causation , or just a correlation ? 
   so are you by not paying attention to usernames . 
  yet you still `` do n't see what the problem is '' . 
   thankfully the silent majority does n't share this opinion . 
  for now at least ... that 's the point , actually . 
  a vocal minority beast the silent majority . 
  that 's when the majority stops being silent , but it 's usually too late because the damage has already been done . 
  you should take action instead of being silent . 
  ** when the only thing being spoken is a lie , that 's when people start to believe it . 
   not wanting to have low skilled migration has nothing to do with tourism . 
  the article has nothing to do with immigration . 
  why are you even bringing up immigration ? 
  what is wrong with you ? 
   i dont see what your problem is . 
  you 're biased and you 're spreading misinformation . 
  this is not ok . 
  the fact that you do n't see this makes it even worse . 
  you are not right if you take things out of context . 
  you 're wrong and you 're misleading others . 
   do you know what things are from the inside and not just the back patting going on with eu leaders ? 
  you walking on the `` i live here so i know better '' path , bro . 
  this can easily lead to a very narrow minded point of view , especially in the case of greece because it 's not just one big state , it also has lots of islands of various sizes . 
  have you visited them all ? 
  do you know how the local governments operate in each and every one ? 
   as long as the economy shrinks while the debt remains the same or grows larger ( which has been the case so far ) not only has there not been progress , but things are worse than a year ago . 
  this is a very vague statement . 
  what do you mean by `` the economy shrinks '' ? 
  i already told you that nobody is strictly enforcing greece to pay its debts . 
  greece is n't the only country with external debts . 
  the uk has way bigger debts . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_external_debt greece 's external debt has actually been decreasing in the past year . 
  https://tradingeconomics.com/greece/external-debt your argument is that greece is n't doing more things faster . 
  this does n't deny all of the things that it has already done . 
   visa free travel is a completely different issue . 
  it 's part of the benefits of being an eu member , bro . 
  it 's part of freedom of movement . 
  freedom of movement supersedes visa-free travel . 
  ** you do n't need visa free travel if you have freedom of movement . 
  **  it 's clear you have no idea what `` freedom of movement '' actually means . 
  there is n't an official definition of it . 
  it depends on how each country negotiates it with other countries . 
  there are always limitations and they vary wildly . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freedom_of_movement#residence_restriction  despite the fact that you may be able to travel to and return from other countries , most governments still restrict the number of days you are allowed to stay in the country . 
  the amount of days you are allowed to stay depends on the country you are a citizen of , and the country you travelled to . 
  in some instances ( such as refugees who risk the death penalty upon returning to their country ) , indefinite stay may be allowed , but in most other cases , stay is generally limited to a few months . 
  one notable exception to this is the schengen area , where citizens of any country in the eu generally enjoy indefinite stay in other eu countries . 
  freedom of movement means just that , freedom of movement . 
  working or living in a foreign country freely can be part of it but is n't required for freedom of movement to happen . 
  the eu did n't invent freedom of movement and has no authority over what it means . 
   and what lesson we are forgetting on this occasion ? 
  people are using russian fake news propaganda outlets to get their news while ignoring the history their country has with russia .
