  it 's not much , but it 's a first since the whole mess started . 
   here 's hoping that greek politicians do n't abuse this and will continue to work in the benefit of their people . 
  at least as they have done in recent years , if not better . 
   i was just in greece last month and people seemed to be getting a long quite well and the mood was very positive . 
  inb4 : you 're in a tourist bubble . 
  you 've only seen what they wanted you to see . 
  the truth is , actually , somewhere in the middle . 
  during my stay in corfu i 've also seen mounds of pilled garbage that were sitting there for 2 weeks because the local dump site was due to move to another part of the island , but the people there did not want it so they did not allow garbage trucks to enter their town . 
  the same thing happened last year . 
  it 's all a political battle between mayors and the municipal workers . 
  greece is having big troubles , but it 's getting better . 
  this is the truth . 
  it 's lagged behind the other countries because the government lied about debts and deficits , because of tax evasion and corruption . 
  these are local problems . 
  those that blame the eu ignore the fact that the other eu members are growing and that greece is also getting better . 
   people in this country have had enough of `` experts '' this is very true . 
  they were warned it will be less advantageous for them after leaving , but they ignored the experts giving the warnings . 
  now they scream bloody murder and point fingers of blame at the eu when these warnings are actually happening . 
  there is no cure for stupidity other than education . 
  and if you reject the advice of experts , you 're doomed to remain stupid . 
  fear and hatred will be the only things left . 
  ironically , this is how brexit started . 
  after years of fear and hatred propaganda . 
  the uk was literally accusing the eu of `` leaking '' brexit negotiation documents so the eu made them public . 
  so much for uk 's honesty . 
   and be realistic with what they can achieve and that it wo n't be the same as when they were an eu member . 
  it will be less advantageous than before . 
  if they accept this , negotiations can proceed . 
   i was talking specifically about landing rights in that part . 
  if you leave the eu , you lose all openskies benefits . 
   air travel between britain and the continent is currently governed by openskies , which is part of the european court of justice ( ecj ) . 
  once outside of the eu , the u.k. will no longer be under the remit of the ecj and will therefore need to strike a new bilateral agreement with the eu in order to continue operating flights to its member states . 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2017/03/29/flights-between-uk-and-europe-could-cease-in-two-years-without-a-brexit-deal-warns-ryanair.html this new bilateral agreement is just that , a new bilateral agreement . 
  the uk expects it to be the same as before . 
  it wo n't be . 
   companies are moving the minimum to conform with protectionist eu legislation . 
  companies are willingly doing this . 
  the uk is still in the eu . 
  nobody is forcing them to leave . 
  nobody would force them even after brexit . 
  they are doing this in order to protect their own interests . 
  they are literally making a choice between to operate freely or to operate under rules that have not yet been written and that will surely be less profitable than those under the eu . 
  whatever deals the uk will get , they will be less advantageous for the uk than the ones they have now as an eu member . 
  this is n't retaliation . 
  this is the eu protecting the interests of its members . 
  if a non eu member gets preferential treatment , this will make it disadvantageous for all the other eu members that obey the eu rules in order to get these advantages . 
  if someone else gets them for free , then what 's the purpose of the union ? 
  you ca n't get them for free . 
  you can only get them if you obey the same rules as everyone else . 
  uk does n't want these rules . 
  that 's why it 's leaving . 
  that 's why it will get less advantageous deals that before . 
  it 's not retaliation . 
  it 's common sense . 
   then we trade under wto rules . 
  lots of companies are leaving to the eu and they 're taking all their trade with them . 
   corporation tax cuts everybody loves it when big companies profit more while regular people struggle to make a living . 
  / s  deregulation because why work in better conditions when you can work more for the same pay ? 
  / s  and if the eu refuses an aviation deal that allows planes to and from the uk it can drop any pretense of being a benign organisation and should freely admit it keeps its members as members through fear of retaliatory consequences . 
  it 's not retaliation , it 's leaving the union . 
  you do n't get to keep the benefits of the union when you leave the union . 
  you lose all the benefits of the union when you leave the union . 
  this is from 10 of july . 
  it mentions cuts for education . 
  it also says that no teachers will be laid off . 
  they also announced tax cuts . 
  those may very well balance things out . 
  the budget is n't final . 
  things are still changing , but cuts are inevitable . 
  people need to understand this . 
   filippov 's mobile phones were switched off when reuters tried to reach him on thursday night . 
  phone is brake . 
  siemens and eu enemies of motherland . 
   it comes from an official statement by the minister of budget . 
  the article says that the minister reassured them that the cuts wo n't affect them . 
  is there another official statement you 're referring to ? 
  do you have a source in english ? 
  the current article is based on drafts , not final budget bills . 
  and it has contradicting statements from the ministry . 
   greece being off the eu budget list helps , sure , but it wo n't do much to the people that need a job now or they need their 5 months overdue salary now . 
  it actually does help , because being off that list means that companies can restart investments . 
  it 's a confidence tap on the shoulder of greece that signals to the entire world that they 're recovering and that things will only get better , provided that the government does n't fool around with the money again . 
  greece has previously had lower deficits in the past , but it grew again shortly after . 
  this budget surplus , however , is unprecedented . 
  it 's up to the greek government how things will move from here . 
  investors were eager for something like this to happen . 
    could there be hope for 10 years from now ? 
  perhaps . 
  but a student wo n't wait for that . 
  he will leave the country now in order to find something more promising . 
  romania had a similar problem in the 90s and 2000s . 
  now people are actually coming back . 
  progress is slow , but greece is n't the only one that has gone through this . 
   yes the weather might be nice , the beaches might be cool , the food is great but when you have to think of how you 'll actually procide for your unemplyed wife and your two kids , things suddenly do n't seem so cheerful . 
  you have a beautiful country . 
  some islands like corfu are actually missing out on a lot of opportunities . 
  there 's a lot of money to be made from the good weather and beautiful beaches . 
  i was actually shocked that there are so few tourist resorts in corfu . 
  most of them are either in poor shape or owned by foreigners . 
  more greeks need to invest in their own land .
