  each country deals with the refugees in its own way . 
  and you ca n't stop them from coming . 
  if you deny them entry , they 'll come in illegally and you wo n't know about them . 
  the uk chose to give up instead of trying to find a solution . 
  ** do you think that immigrants will stop coming to the uk if the uk leaves the eu ? 
  ** they wo n't . 
  they do n't come to the uk because the uk is part of the eu . 
  they come to the uk because they want to come to the uk . 
   farage was a symptom , not a root cause , he just made a good living out of it . 
  while everyone ignored him and played along to the anti-eu fake news propaganda . 
  what are the symptoms , then ? 
  everyone keeps mentioning these big problems , but nobody refers to any actual specific problems . 
  what problems does the uk have because of the eu ? 
  be specific . 
   brexit had reasons yep . 
  xenophobia and ultra-nationalism . 
  you can literally boil it down to misinformed fear and hatred . 
  these are , indeed , big problems . 
  but they have little to do with the eu while having everything to do with the uk politicians that campaigned for years to make them prevalent in uk and even eu societies . 
  remember farage ? 
  the guy toured the eu to campaign against the eu . 
  how does that help the uk to fix its problems ? 
  ** the uk has problems . 
  the eu helped to solve them , not the other way around . 
  that 's why they are now getting worse , because the uk is losing the eu member benefits that helped them deal with their problems . 
  ** also , you ca n't expect the eu to come in and fix all your problems for you . 
  the ultra-nationalists hate the eu for giving guidelines while others hate the eu for inaction . 
  and all of them voted for brexit . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  it depends on what you 're willing to do . 
  i 'm getting the vibe that what you 're willing to do is n't very nice . 
   they are sending russian intelligence hacker 's locations and we 're supposed to trust them that this is the only info that they send , whereas they did n't previously disclose this mechanism ? 
  no , thanks . 
  also , what about false positives ? 
  literally anything can be deemed a `` hack '' attempt . 
  we have to trust kaspersky that they are only sending the `` bad guy 's '' info to russian intelligence . 
  they admitted to doing this only after their emails about it were leaked . 
  this is not how a security company should behave . 
  they are not trust-worthy . 
  lots of people are boarding the eu hate train for this `` failure '' while ignoring the fact that the eu is actually trying to do something about it , while others are just ignoring this problem . 
  they 're also blaming the eu for its `` inactivity '' while they are doing nothing . 
  there is no miracle solution to this problem because it 's without precedent . 
  trial and error is the only way to go . 
  idiots will do that . 
  the same idiots that voted for brexit . 
  it 's clearly the eu 's fault that the uk voted to leave the eu . 
  / s the lesson in stupidity comes with extra chapters . 
  these things that are happening now are just the tip of the iceberg because the uk is still an eu member . 
  the real shit will go down after the uk actually leaves the eu and the borders will close . 
  that 's when reality will start to really sink in for everyone . 
  invest in popcorn , people !, 
  prices will go up after brexit actually happens . 
   that will be the most educational and most entertaining lesson in stupidity of the decade . 
   sure and not everyone wants to live in a soulless glass blockhouse . 
  this is exactly what i meant when i said ** there 's room for both , whereas this was not the case in the 1900s ** . 
  back then , you either could afford the high price of living in a small apartment building/private house or you could live in the slums . 
  these were the only options . 
  now you have more options . 
  ** you ca n't force people to live in slums just because you find tall glass buildings to be `` ugly '' . 
  ** also , what do you prefer , tall `` ugly '' buildings , or slums ? 
  ** do you find slums pretty ? 
  **  new york is filled with these buildings and it remains more expensive than my city . 
  so that 's not really working out . 
  prices vary from country to country . 
  this is a bad comparison . 
  if you want to look at prices , look at local prices and you 'll see that apartments in tall buildings are far cheaper . 
  location is also very important . 
  central housing prices are always higher . 
   considering i live here , actually my opinion does matter . 
  it matters just as much as other people 's that live there . 
  you ca n't force others to do what you want . 
   considering people come from the world over just to look at this stuff , i think it is safe to say that it is objectively better than what we are building nowadays . 
  those buildings have tourism value because of the history behind them . 
  people do n't come to see the buildings , they come for the history and culture . 
  try building the exact same buildings , but in another country , and you 'll see that nobody will come to `` just see them '' . 
  thanks , brexit !, 
  and thanks , trump !, 
  the world really needed a lesson in practical stupidity . 
  we got 2 . , 
   these huger buildings are n't actually housing more people , they are just giving them more and more space my point exactly . 
  nobody likes crowded cities . 
  people like efficient and active cities with lots of things to do . 
   giant glass turds are n't contributing to a higher density or housing more people in many place nobody said that they are . 
  but you already admitted that they give people more space , which leads to less crowded cities . 
  they are also cheaper . 
  not everyone can afford to live in a fancy , pre ww2 building . 
  or to have a house of their own . 
   meanwhile paris is much , much prettier and still houses more people . 
  prettiness is a subjective term . 
  there are actually people that like modern glass buildings more . 
  it 's like art . 
  some like the classics , while others like the modernists . 
  there is place for both . 
   so i do n't think we really need these ugly buildings that they 're putting up nowadays . 
  yes , we do . 
  it 's about surface area and price . 
  tall buildings means less housing areas and more space for other things . 
  they are also cheaper . 
  not everyone can afford to buy a house or an appartment in an old pre-ww2 building . 
  these old buildings are also not safe .
