  it does n't matter if you pay 1 euro or 10 pesos as long as the 10 pesos for 1 euro conversion ratio is respected . 
  it was n't because of corruption . 
  this generated huge problems . 
   they promised to abide by the results of the referendum even if they did n't win , so they did keep there promise that 's an assumption on the motives of their vote . 
  you ca n't possible know why they voted how they did . 
  taking their word for it is gullible . 
  the facts are the only thing that matter . 
  they could have repealed brexit , but they did n't . 
  arguing based on assumptions wo n't change the facts . 
  both spain and greece are doing way better now . 
  and they still use the euro . 
   so does the macedonian goverment . 
  of course they are . 
  they are blaming the protests on soros instead of acknowledging their own problems which started the protests . 
  trump literally did the same thing . 
  soros is the universal scapegoat for all of the world 's problems . 
    if soros finances groups that are actively working against the macedonian goverment , sometimes with violent action and he does not ceases this financiering it should be condemned those funds are given periodically and last those organizations for years . 
  soros is n't paying them on a monthly basis . 
  that 's not how these things work . 
   perhaps the us should not give weapons in the region . 
  perhaps soros should not involve himself with politics of another nation . 
  the weapons where asked for by the syrians . 
  soros funded non profit organizations . 
  if some of them turn around and do other stuff with that money , that 's not soros 's fault . 
  you have to prove it . 
   the man also states on the soros foundation i just linked that he wants to prevent macedonia in backsliding to join the european union . 
  does that sound like philantropy ? 
  does n't macedonia want to join the eu ? 
  it seems that they do and are trying to shift blame for the protests . 
  the exact same thing happened in romania . 
  we 're already in the eu and we had anti corruption protests . 
  the government , of course , blamed soros among others . 
  they provided no evidence for their claims and were ridiculed for them . 
  the same thing is happening in macedonia and other countries . 
  if something bad is happening somewhere in the world , someone will always blame soros . 
   doubtlessly the banking crisis triggered the sovereign debt crisis , but they are two different things and therefore deserve different treatment . 
  if they are related , they need to be treated as such . 
  fixing one while ignoring the other can have devastating effects . 
  if a computer bug causes another one , they both need to be fixed in tandem because one triggered the other . 
   displacing the blame abroad to us or the southern eu is backwards and serves no purpose other than denial or scapegoating . 
  i 'm not displacing blame . 
  i 'm pointing out the fact that people omit the 2008 crisis and only blame the eu and euro . 
   financial crisis of 2008 was only the spark that lit the hay on poorly built and designed eurozone . 
  if the eurozone is so poorly built , then how come greece and spain have been doing better since the crisis ? 
  they 're still using the euro and they 're still in the eu . 
  all of their problems appeared suddenly in 2008 - 2009 . 
  yes , it was the spark that lit the fire for already existing problems that were based on undervalued loans for greece and the housing bubble in spain . 
  the euro was also poorly implemented in both countries because of corruption . 
  prices and wages were not directly converted to the new currency . 
  they went up or down because of corruption . 
  if they had converted them proportionally to the conversion ratio , the inequality problem would never have happened . 
  the currency of a country is essentially irrelevant . 
  it does n't matter if you pay 1 euro or 10 pesos as long as the 10 pesos for 1 euro conversion ratio is respected . 
  it was n't because of corruption . 
  this generated huge problems . 
   very few people claim that the existence of the euro directly lead to those crises . 
  there are literally hundreds of articles that do this . 
  they blame the euro and the eu for everything while literally ignoring the crisis that was still unfolding . 
  back then people were still in denial . 
  this sentiment has survived until today . 
  when you ask people in the us about the 2008 crisis , they blame wallstreet . 
  when you ask greece or spain , they blame the eu and euro because it was a relatively new thing back then . 
  spain adopted the euro in 2002 while greece did it in 2001 . 
  people were skeptical to begin with and were looking for ways to prove that the euro was a bad idea . 
  the 2008 financial crisis only gave them the pretext they wanted . 
   here a much stronger case can be made that the rigidity of the eurozone hindered the recovery of the poorer states . 
  this is an entirely different discussion . 
  and it 's very hard to even measure this impact because in both greece and spain the euro had flawed implementations . 
  instead of directly converting prices from the old currency to the new one , some became higher while others lower . 
  local corruption played a huge role in this and it only made things worse . 
  germany also has the euro and they never complained . 
  germany also has a very low corruption index , so the euro helped them a lot because it was properly implemented . 
  generalization is generally a bad idea . 
  and that includes this statement . 
   it was n't simply the economic crisis either as those countries had major internal problems as well . 
  yep . 
  if you read the articles you 'll see that the 2008 crisis was the tipping point that amplified all existing problems which were being managed until then . 
  things got out of hand fast after 2008 - 2009 . 
   that the majority backed the remain campaign means nothing ? 
  yes , it means nothing when they make a promise that they later do not keep . 
  if they were so against brexit during the campaign , they would have voted against it . 
  but they did n't . 
  it 's almost as if you 're surprised that your politicians do not keep their promises . 
  shocker , right ? 
  and which of those organizations engaged in violent protests against the local government ? 
  and how is soros involved with them ? 
  giving them money is n't enough . 
  there are lots of philanthropic organizations that end up unwittingly sponsoring violence just because the money ends up in the wrong hands . 
  you 're assuming it was intentional . 
  you have to prove it was intentional . 
  us weapons often end up in the hands of isis when isis conquers new territories . 
  that does n't mean the us gave the weapons to isis . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a fan of soros . 
  but i 'm not a fan of conspiracy theories either . 
  everyone is innocent until proven guilty . 
  so far there is no evidence that links soros to these world domination plots everyone is talking about . 
  most of them are completely fake while the others are based on circumstantial evidence , at best . 
   ending 100 's of years of democratic tradition just to say in the eu is n't something mp 's are going to do no matter how much they want to stay . 
  oh , yeah ... politicians rarely give a fuck about laws and you 're talking about tradition ? 
   ) you 're hilarious .
