  they willingly executed nazi orders . 
  that 's a french government led by french people . 
  ** france surrendered . 
  it willingly accepted nazi rule . 
   and while vichy france ordered it 's police forces to take part in it , along with german forces and civil french collabolators , i do n't see modern france as a continuation of vichy france . 
  the same can be said about the inquisition . 
  the catholic church no longer burns people alive , but they used to . 
  and for that the pope issued a formal public apology . 
  france should do the same . 
   le pen later issued a statement saying : `` like charles de gaulle and fran\u00e7ois mitterrand ... [ i consider that ] france and the republic were in london during the occupation '' . 
  she added that the nazi-collaborationist vichy regime `` was not france '' . 
  vichy france was france at the time . 
  france was not in london as lepen claims . 
  denying responsibility means denying history . 
  did france cease to exist during the occupation ? 
  did the french people just disappear ? 
  did the french police disappear ? 
  france during the occupation was the only france . 
  denying that part of history does n't shift the blame for the horrible acts that the french did under nazi occupation . 
  these are documented facts . 
  you ca n't deny facts . 
  you ca n't shift responsibility for the things that france did . 
  hiding behind the `` he made me do it '' rhetoric is what kids do . 
   i imagine in terms of the law you could easily argue diminished responsibility that 's just it . 
  lepen rejects all responsibility for the french state . 
   le pen later issued a statement saying : `` like charles de gaulle and fran\u00e7ois mitterrand ... [ i consider that ] ** france and the republic were in london during the occupation ** '' . 
  she added that the nazi-collaborationist vichy regime `` was not france '' . 
  so france is in london , not in france ? 
  great logic . 
  / s  i mean , the nuremberg trials hardly focused on the normal soldier . 
  that would 've taken decades we 're talking about one very specific incident . 
  there are documents identifying those responsible . 
   nobody 's denying the responsibility that lies on these people . 
  we 're talking about responsibility that lies on the french state back . 
  the roundup was made by the french police . 
  lepen is denying responsibility of the french state by hiding behind the nazi occupation . 
  by that logic , the french police could have murdered those people on the spot and the state would still not be responsible . 
  the roundup was made by french people working for the french police . 
  the people and the state are responsible . 
  the nazis gave the order and the french government executed it . 
  you ca n't blame the nazis for both giving and executing the order . 
  these are 2 different aspects of the crime . 
  if the french government is n't responsible for executing the order , then who is ? 
  french citizens from france did the roundup in france . 
  by your logic if a soldier is ordered to kill an innocent man he is not guilty because he was just obeying orders . 
  he is guilty , as is the person who gave the order . 
   these show the gap they stop in 2010 and 2012 , respectively . 
  here 's the recent graph for [ labor costs in germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/labour-costs ) with data up until 2 months ago . 
  your images are 7 and 5 years old , respectively . 
  things have changed a lot since then . 
  you are living in the past . 
   your link shows nothing ... 
  so average wages mean nothing to you ? 
   these show the gap so i 'm supposed to trust some random images taken from random conspiracy theory blogs as fact ? 
  and do this while ignoring [ official eurostat data ] ( https://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=av_an_wage ) ? 
  here 's the graph for [ labor costs in germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/labour-costs ) . 
  you 're delusional . 
  you 're living in a bubble of lies and fake news . 
   something rare on the internet these days . 
  yep . 
  many people defend their opinions even in the face of irrefutable evidence to the contrary while also ignoring other opinions and facts . 
  yeah . 
  that would work . 
   germany is doing good partly because they have frozen wage rises for many years then how do you explain [ this ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/wages ) ? 
  the average wage in germany has been steadily increasing from one month to the next . 
  this has been happening even during the 2008 crisis . 
   germany also retains huge surpluses that doesnt reinvest which is higly problematic for the eurozone and the world economy given its size . 
  it 's their money . 
  they can do whatever they want with it . 
  dumping it all in the eurozone would fuck up the market by screwing the supply and demand balance . 
  ** you are literally pissed on them because they have a budget surplus . 
  ** take a moment and let that sink in . 
   what it is is an easy tempting solution to implement though . 
  could n't have said it better myself . 
    it depends , again . 
  for money-starved economies , some small level of inflation is good . 
  again , good point . 
  this is n't the case with greece , right ? 
  i 'm guessing that tourism alone brings in lots of foreign euros . 
   not only that ;-) . 
  i think all of the other effects aim to achieve predictability and eliminating extra costs like the ones from exchanging currencies . 
  i see that also as a way of ensuring predictability . 
  this has been a very constructive discussion . 
  free movement with border checks that respect basic human rights is the way to go . 
   nightvision equipped riot police with big sticks maybe ? 
  those things are expensive and easy to brake . 
  so probably not . 
   not really , it depends on the local government fiscal policy . 
  fiscal policy is n't limited to printing more money . 
  that 's actually the worst solution . 
   you can have your own currency , print it without limits , and get inflation . 
  inflation is never good . 
  it can help because it can limit the impact temporarily , but prices always grow as a result . 
  more money means less value for that money . 
   you can have your own currency , limit it , have deflation . 
  deflation is usually good , but it 's bad if it gets out of hand because it can discourage foreign investments . 
  nobody likes trading things from the outside in a currency that is always getting stronger . 
  companies usually like stability and predictability . 
  that 's the purpose of the euro . 
   frances economic growth is far below the target of 1.4 % that means that they want to do better .
