  i made buckets there and was not always just an onlooker of some of the more questionable things that went on . 
  i loved working there and it was definitely a defining period in my career . 
  i just eventually could n't justify to myself some of the things that went on anymore and decided it was n't for me any longer . 
  all that aside , i 'm all for a few rounds !, 
  i used to work in city in fin it . 
  i know it and some of the people that make it what it is very well . 
  as a physical place it is very beautiful . 
  but i 've been witness to the uglier side of human nature in city all too often . 
  it 's the reason i quit my job there . 
  nope ... never-neverland !, 
  city of london is not in london . 
  it 's not in the uk . 
  it 's not even in the eu . 
  it 's in a netherworld where whoever has the most money gets to make the rules . 
  rules which apply only for the poor saps in the real world . 
  i think we have our fair share of roma spreading the sentiment around europe . 
  but yeah thanks romania for lending your name to the cause and freeing the rest of us from the burden !, 
  i feel your pain . 
  my wife had an interesting experience once in germany when she told a german that she was bulgarian , he responded with `` not possible you 're too white ! '', 
  this person had obviously only be bulgarian roma and associated the whole country with what he knew till that point . 
  glass is full kind of person , eh ? 
  regardless of how much liquid or air , still full . 
  it 's slavic - not singularly polish . 
  it does come from `` mute '' but generally just means someone that does n't speak `` our '' ( as in slavic derived ) language . 
  ditto on that . 
  i live in bulgaria and travel around much of western europe and i too find a comparable daily life if romania to be more expensive than it should be compared to other places and even to bulgaria where they should be more or less the same . 
  i race in adancata - just outside of bucharest , i 've been to brasov , and timosoara and the places in between . 
  hotels are more expensive for lesser quality , especially in brasov . 
  that 's not to say they are bad , but for a good quality 4 * hotel it 's comparable to western europe on price . 
  same goes for food . 
  good food is expensive , petrol is comparable . 
  groceries - if you look at organic items are way up there and rising all the time . 
  list goes on ... 
  wow . 
  there 's just so much crazy in the world today . 
  this is ridiculous !, 
  how do such people justify their actions ? 
  how do they then call themselves good people afterwards ? 
  i 've been working with developers in india for over 12 years . 
  the jobs that went their then are and now are just about the same . 
  low level development jobs . 
  not much in the way of engineering . 
  though that does n't speak of tomorrow ... and that 's not about tax that 's about minimizing margins . 
  force companies to pay more `` moral '' taxes and they will recoup that from even lower margins which could mean moving engineering positions to low wage economies . 
  i 'm not sure where you live , but where i live , education sucks . 
  not because of a lack of tax money . 
  it 's just not valued here the way it may be in western europe . 
  but we do get a proper education ... we get educated elsewhere . 
  roads are improving ... 
  even though tax collection sucks the same as it always has . 
  i would not at all agree that the standard of living today is worse than it was for my parents . 
  neither would my parents . 
  the tax system here is broken but not because they do n't collect enough tax from multinationals . 
  rather it 's because too many ordinary citizens skip out on their tax obligation . 
  that 's morally unacceptable because they are using social services for free . 
  companies do n't have that dilemma . 
  we could do this all day ... 
  if i worked in a factory . . 
  yes that 'd would be true . 
  for the most part however , factory oriented production has long been moved out of most developed economies to developing ones where cost is more attractive . 
  the engineers however , paired 10s-100s of times more than said factory positions remain in these developed economies . 
  and if they were to move . . 
  so would i. 
  what 's interesting to me is how do you define `` the right level '' of taxation . 
  this argument is one of `` that 's not fair why do i have to pay x % when the big rich dudes only pay y % '' but then ... who gave the impression that they owe you or society something personally ? 
  these are for profit businesses . 
  not charities . 
  these companies do pay their taxes at the appropriate level . 
  if you want more , write to your legislators and petition change . 
  if governments want to shore up their coffers and avoid this then laws should be made to that effect . 
  but they wo n't be because the very people responsible for making them benefit from their current lax state . 
  apple or any company does n't owe governments more than the laws say they do . 
  no matter what percentage that comes out to be . 
  why is it morally corrupt ? 
  morally speaking these companies sell you a product or service . 
  they hire tens of thousands of people and pay services , benefits , employment taxes etc. 
  why is it morally corrupt to want to keep as much as is legally possible of what is left over ? 
  could the majority of us on here really say that if we had the means to do the same within bounds of the law , we would n't because it 's morally appropriate to pay more than you have to ? 
  this is an idea !, 
  lots of ukrainians here on the black sea coast since the war began . 
  many have bought properties and use that as their means of getting a residency visa . 
  but for the most part , they seem to be the wealthier part of ukrainian society . 
  many of them do not work and do n't yet need to . 
  banks here do it ... it 's one of the most backwards banking practices but fairly common . 
  who does n't love cash money ? 
  i 'm all about cash money !, 
  putin is not a politician , he 's a ceo of a criminal enterprise . 
  seriously - you guys are on a xi jinping tear !, 
  looks cold . 
  i want to visit vilnius - but definitely in the summer . 
  this is full of goodness !, 
  you 're correct there -- you 're just as likely to be stabbed in london unfortunately . 
  i lived there for a couple of years 10 years ago and i remember a spate of stabbings one year in various neighborhoods . 
  paris has some pretty scary areas . 
  on par with nyc imo , but they are more likely to beat you senseless than stab you in the head . 
  rome is pretty safe though - just have to leave all of your shit at home though because someone will likely try to take it from you . 
  quite likely - but there are many places where people do n't chase you down and stab you in the head just to mug you . 
  i get it - you live with it and do n't see it as a big problem at all - neither did i , until i moved . 
  i 'm in nyc multiple times a year for work , so it 's not like i 'm out of touch . 
  i do n't feel unsafe when i 'm there .
