  [ this one about vienna is good ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cft7p9vdq7o&amp;sns=em ) . 
  i watched it before going to vienna for the first time and found it to be a decent intro . 
  the same poster has a video on prague . 
  the u.k. , france even , especially the sarkozy years . 
  parts of spain to an extent except for the militarism . 
  imo in the us , the general population support many of these actions . 
  no one is forcing it on them and those that do n't support it do n't really seem much bothered one way or the next . 
  not buying this one . 
  the us sucks in a lot of ways , but this is a fairly general way to classify a government as fascist . 
  half of western europe would be just as fascist as the us if this were the case . 
  no , not cold war sentiment . 
  yes there are people who idolize russia and thus the us can only be bad in every way , but even these people i would n't say `` hate '' the us . 
  they just see two sides still and chose one . 
  like a football match . 
  the other team did n't do anything to you , but you must support yours by disliking the rest , right ? 
  it 's important to remember that while its true that the recent years of us government especially the legislative branch has been a horrible example of good governance and cooperation , it does n't fall the the level of blatant theft , corruption and arrogance that ours for example in bulgaria does . 
  i 'm sure your senators and representatives line their pockets while in office as much as our mps but it 's not as arrogantly in your face because if they are caught they go to prison , or at least lose their job . 
  here , if they are caught the courts are bought out and cases end without `` enough proof '' and they continue with business as usual . 
  note that i speak of bulgaria specifically in this case . 
  romania is doing a great job right now at establishing principals and rule of law in their politicians holding office . 
  we are little behind the wave . 
  i do n't think there is hate for americans . 
  depending on where you go you can often find admiration for americans and sometimes animosity that covers a bit of jealously is what i encounter if anything negative in eastern europe . 
  we do heartily make fun of americans though , but because tourists from the states generally lend themselves to a bit of fun poking very readily . 
  there 's a lot of ignorance about the rest of the world and europe that comes across from american visitors . 
  what makes it funny is that they think they know more than they do about europe . 
  taking americans to restaurants is the best !, 
  it 's like a sport guessing how many things they do n't eat or rather how few things they can actually eat from a menu . 
  but this is all a generalization . 
  not all americans are like that . 
  wow really ? 
  i would n't have guessed that . 
  i 've never met an italian who liked cats . 
  i did a year university in florence and remember my landlady telling me about how cats bright bad luck and while people may feed them most italians would not let them live inside . 
  she was in her 60s though and this was more than a decade ago so maybe different generation thinking . 
  i left in 2002 then went back again in 2009 and left finally in 2012 . 
  the reserved , conservative nature is quite deeply entwined in us culture . 
  the heavy handed policing , the number of taboos ... public consumption of alcohol for example . 
  a lot of it is just part of the way of life . 
  how bad it is obviously depends on where in the states . 
  it 's a big place after all . 
  the most agreeable city i 've spent time in in the states was probably seattle . 
  night and day difference to new york . 
  i grew up in the states . 
  my opinion of it before moving there : i thought it was a fairytale land - where anything was possible . 
  that 's what i was always told , and honestly that 's how the propaganda was sold to us as kids there . 
  reality - american 's do n't have nearly the amount of freedom we have in bg . 
  too much stress , worry . 
  people are obsessed with money ; making it - spending it - borrowing it - how to repay their enormous loans for uni , houses , cars , etc. 
  life here is much simplier . 
  it 's far too conservative on the whole . 
  i 'm saying that as a person who lived in nyc . 
  religion ( christianty ) permeates just about everything in one way or another , adults are too uptight and they never got over the whole puritanism thing from the 15/16th century immigrants . 
  germany would be my suggestion . 
  you 'll have to do your own research on programs , universities and cities , but it 's relatively low cost and quality education . 
  the netherlands would also be on my list , followed by britain and ireland . 
  in my opinion though , i 'd not go to an english speaking country - i 'd go to someplace where there were courses in english and a foreign language . 
  it 'll be hard at first - but you 'll catch on quickly if you work hard at it and come away with more than just a graduate degree . 
  with only 2 - 3 weeks , realistically , i 'd delete at least 1/2 of the list . 
  i 'm going to assume that you 're driving , so that your schedule is more your own considering the time limit and assuming that you 're more interested in eye candy sights which you can blow through for a couple of days an move on : 1 . 
  london is awesome but you 're wasting your time going for only a day or even 3 . 
  there 's so much to see and do , you will not know where to start . 
  skip it , imo . 
  brussels - not much eye candy there . 
  i go there for beer and friends , not much else . 
  skip it . 
  luxembourg ... if you must . 
  amsterdam is a great place to pop-in pop-out of . 
  go there , spend 2-3 days , see the sights meet some people , maybe you 'll need a bigger car as your company may grow . 
  copenhagen is also cool , worth a day or two in my opinion , but if you 're pressed for time , i would n't bother , i 'd spend an extra day in amsterdam and save copenhagen for next time . 
  germany - lots to see wherever you stop . 
  bavaria has prettier eye-candy imo . 
  berlin is too much fun for 1 day so i 'd spend a few days there if you visit . 
  prague - vienna , ok . 8 . 
  zagreb as was mentioned , i 'd skip it and spend a day in slovenia before heading to venice . 
  venice obviously has much for a tourist . 
  worth a visit if you have n't been there , though my preference is to skip venice and head to verona , modena , bologna and san marino . 
  if you base yourselves in bologna you can day trip around for a few day and still see venice . 
  florence is only a couple of hours drive from bologna as well , so you could feasible spend 5-7 days in one place which you 'll probably be grateful for after all of the road hours . 
  genoa is a personal favorite in italy . 
  cinque terre is also a nice visit , even nicer if you can stay in one of the towns for a few nights and see how it is when most of the day trippers are n't there early morning and late evening . 
  i 'd skip zurich - it 's just going to add travel time to your trip - you can use that time doing better things like eating gelato in genoa before you head to the french riviera . 
  monaco ... 
  i was n't impressed . 
  but i 'm a motorcycle guy and do n't gamble so not much there for me . 
  if you must do the riviera , antibes is a great place and some great uncrowded beaches if you go at the right time . 
  you can pass through monaco and nice on your way . 
  from there you 've got a long drive to andorra - i 'd stop in avignon or aix for a day or two . 
  market day if you 're hungry . 
  i 'm always hungry in avignon . 
  i 've only been to andorra for snowboarding - honestly i do n't know if i 'd go for any other reason and it 's a bit out of the way . 
  your call . 
  personally - i 'd save it for next go . 
  about here is decision time - if you 're pressed for time , skip spain . 
  barcelona and madrid have lots to see and there 's quite a bit of travel time between provence-bcn-madrid . 
  may be better to head to through andorra - spend the night , pop over to san-sebastian , spend a few nights lounge on the beach , then back through bordeaux towards paris and finish up !, 
  if you find yourself with a week or so left by the time you get to spain - by all means spend a few days in bcn and madrid . 
  lots and lots to see and do in both cities , especially eye-candy-wise . 
  that 's my 16-cents . 
  hope its helpful .
