  take a picture of my city in the afternoon and everyone is out for coffee . 
  only the waiters/waitresses work !, 
  half of americans do n't even have passports . 
  make them get a visa and they 'll limit their holidays to canada and mexico . 
  it 's really as simple as money . 
  tourism income and business income and the mathematics of it is that more people travel from their to here than the other way around and spend more money . 
  maybe if america allowed the same visa free travel to europeans in general they would see more tourists as well as i 'm sure the same principal applies in terms of ease of entry leading to more travelers . 
  these recent terror attacks however by european citizens is n't really going to help our case . 
  i 'll have to visit sometime !, 
  never been to that part of romania . 
   you 're nice though , so i 'm not exactly upset :d the sentiment is mutual !, 
  keep riding !, 
  i am a motorcyclist , indeed . 
  adancata is a small town about 12km northwest of urzicheni on a road to ploiesti . 
  there 's a new 4km track there . 
  i go for track days and races there often . 
  actually i 'm there next weekend !, 
  a few guys from bucharest also run a track school , teaching people how to ride on the track . 
  it 's worth a visit , you may like it !, 
  but it 's super far from you !, 
  you 're closer to hungaroring . 
  is it a pleasant part of romania , satu-mare ? 
  bulgaria is trying , really hard . 
  people here are starting to take notice of the progress and want more . 
  but it 's still too often that those with money and power get away with doing whatever they want , plainly and in open for everyone to see . 
  i am ... a man . 
  though i embrace my femininity with my username , 
  while i makes business sense , perhaps , it does n't work out well for human beings . 
  we live in the light . 
  even in the age of electricity . 
  it does screw with when you want to wake up and do things and when you feel the day is done . 
  i would n't want to move bulgaria in to thecet zone . 
  mid summer sunset would be 20h and winter at 1530 . 
  that 's depressing . 
  i 'd move just for that . 
  we 'd all have to shift out day an hour earlier to get by . 
  that would still put us in a different waking time period than the rest of europe regardless of what the clock says . 
  i was also circumcised at an age old enough that i can remember parts of the experience . 
  i remember the doctors and the pain . 
  it 's actually my earliest memory . 
  i do n't think i would say no , however if i were given the choice at an older age . 
  i definitely prefer the way my penis looks to that of uncircumcised penises . 
  this is called a `` police '' force or gendarmerie at most . 
  why would you want a military which does n't leave its home borders ? 
  what would it 's purpose be ? 
  if your enemy is at your border ... you 've kind of half way failed . 
  its a senseless policy to greet your enemy only when they get to your border . 
  a common unified military can not be `` pooled '' units from separate forces . 
  this works as a coalition or alliance but has myriad issues of funding and contribution as nato does . 
  i have no issue with israel historically speaking . 
  however the current state of affairs with palestine - basically a new apartheid state , so close to europe while we all sit around staring as it happens ( again ) is despicable . 
  the arrogance of israeli politicians to think that any past or present transgressions gives them the right to stomp on others erodes at our progress in europe . 
  spot on . 
  if your knowledge matches your years of experience , you 'll find a company in europe willing to sponsor you . 
  however you might also want to try looking for a us company offering a remote position ... there are a growing number of those . 
  then your visa is based on your savings and income , not on a local job offer . 
  much lower compensation , though in comparison to germany and britain . 
  and even in those scenarios , with 20 years of experience it 'll take you a while to find a firm that could 1 . 
  pay you even 1/2 of what you 'd get in the states at a senior level , 2 . legitimately put your experience to work and 3 . present you with a challenge at the same time . 
  not saying it 's impossible , lots of startups could use senior engineers , just most ca n't afford them for very long unless results are fairly immediate . 
  multinationals - auto industry , fin tech etc , present the most sensible options for your experience and possible contribution , so i 'd say germany , britain and france in that order . 
  barcelona if you really do n't mind or can afford taking a serious pay-hit . 
  or start on your own . 
  consulting is a profitable avenue especially with the startup wave pushing forward . 
  lots of new players need the experience of a good engineer for a boost to get off of the ground , while they 'd prefer to afford engineers with 5-10 years of experience as permanent staff . 
  positioning as that guide when needed might be a option for . 
  i myself am american with 15 years of experience as a fin tech software engineer working in europe , as a point of reference to the source of my opinions . 
  as for visas -- you have the experience , in you also have the educational background , and a decent amount of savings in assessable cash , then in most cases visas are not difficult . 
  britain is an exception . 
  it 's a pain to get a visa for the u.k. 
  however elsewhere in the eu it 's a matter of money , having a job or job offer earning a given minimum ( different depending on the country ) and time in government office queues . 
  it 's possible . 
  10 % - bulgaria . 
  even cheap shitty bullets will kill when fired . 
  i do n't think putin is bluffing . 
  he just has less to lose than the rest and is ready to lose it to gain a lot more . 
  mean while the rest of us and too tied up trying to keep things the way they are . 
  i honestly feel like it 's the opposite . 
  i 've lived in the and in various countries in europe and my feeling is you 're less free to express yourself in the us , free of ridicule or disdain when your opinion differs from consensus or your way of life does n't conform to the american dream . 
  i feel the us is good at brainwashing without even realizing it . 
  politically there 's only ever two opinions . 
  socially you 're either `` in '' or `` out '' . 
  in europe i 've always felt i 'm free to be who and what i want and most people do n't give a shit . 
  part of my feeling of freedom however does come from being schooled in the us and having that mentality of `` you can do whatever you want '' engrained in me from a young age . 
  where as here in europe people do professional conform so i have a bit of an advantage as far as out of the box thinking goes just because i was taught to think elsewhere . 
  so i guess maybe ... they are n't so different and just you see and different side of the same coin ... 
  huh ? 
  what 's wrong we being polish ?? 
  sounds like you just need a hug !, 
  i 'd have to agree . 
  the u.k. 
  is n't very `` american '' at all . 
  wow . 
  that makes the world pretty small . 
  i 've lived a third of my life in places where the native language was n't my first language . 
  being confined only to what i understand , to me seems almost like self imprisonment . 
  not if you learn a few of the above subjects in your second or third language . 
  two completely different things . 
  we 're not holding millions of people of a particular group in an open air prison/zoo , in which case push back is understandable behavior from any conscious animal regardless of how hard you try to put it under your shoe , self respect mandates an attempt at reclaiming dignity . 
  i do n't think many europeans support terrorism anywhere .
