  one can however understand someone 's point even if we disagree with their means of proving/displaying it . 
  we have them . 
  imported from italy usually . 
  i see , i see . 
  only ones i can think of that fit that maybe fit that profile is mikkeller and brewdog . 
  there 's a bar in brooklyn that has these . 
  they have others too , but these are the ones i usually have their . 
  ca n't think of much more than these though . 
  there are a few good european beers in the states . 
  in nyc i could find leffe , hoegarden , kronenborg and frogbeer for example in the slightly more expensive super markets and neighborhood bars . 
  easiest to find are various irish and belgian beers . 
  bulgaria - 34m my average day . 
  i 'm not in school - finished years ago . 
  my work schedule is on us - est time so afternoon to late night . 
  my typical entertainment - in the warm months i compete in motorcycle races so my spare time is typically dedicated to either training or taking care of the bike - packing bags and the bus to head off to a race or a track day training weekend . 
  i drive my car mostly if i need to take my daughter with me . 
  otherwise , i prefer my vespa , even in the winter . 
  i do n't have a bicycle , but always think about buying one then the thought melts away until dutch or danish posts in reddit remind me that i do n't have one . 
  my city ( varna ) is very safe . 
  i 've never felt unsafe here . 
  it 's a little hairy from a motorcyclist/scooter rider because people here are kind of spacy , theirs a general lack of attention and slowness to decision making on the city roads . 
  many of my friends have been on the wrong side of some driver 's sudden decisions . 
  i 've been riding since i was 17 , i 'm fairly used to it and try to make up for it by staying aware when i ride . 
  same when i drive . 
  kids play outside when it 's suitable . 
  bulgarians are frequently hypochondriacs in my opinion ( try to give my daughter a cold drink in front of her grandmother and you wo n't stop hearing about how you 're going to make her sick ) so there are far fewer kids playing outside in the cold months for fear of sickness . 
  in terms of safety - there are n't many places i 've been that i could say are safer for kids than bulgaria . 
  adults generally look out for kids at least in my neighborhood and city , even when they do n't know them . 
  i never worry that someone will intentionally harm my child . 
  so my schedule - i 'm not sure how representative it is of others where i live , but it goes as follows : 0730 alarm goes off , i open my eyes to turn it off . 
  0745 get out of bed on the second alarm . 
  wife is already awake most likely . 
  my daughter , ( 5 ) just rolling out of bed . 
  0800 get my daughter cleaned up and ready for breakfast . 
  sit for breakfast . 
  my daughter usually has kasha which my wife makes with dried berries ( aronia , goji berries , red blueberries , blueberries ) chia seeds , maybe some crushed almonds or walnuts , some dates to convince my daughter that its delicious along with a small omelet and fruits ( whatever i manage to get from the market - seasonal so now we have strawberries , cherries are just coming in , oranges and grapefruit all year and today we had pineapple as well ) . 
  i typically just have 6 quail eggs lightly fried with spicy red pepper on it and i eat whatever fruits my daughter decides she 's not eating today ( typically all of them save the cherries and pears ) . 
  0845 jump into the shower 0915 drive my daughter to school . 
  0930 daughter is at school , time for a walk to the caf\u00e9 . 
  0950 i 'm at the caf\u00e9 . 
  i have a long coffee accompanied by 2 biscuits ( jam filled ) followed by a short coffee and a bottle of water - i read reddit , review emails from overnight , check facebook , etc. 
  1045 that 's enough of that . 
  head back to the car . 
  1105 drive home . 
  ** this is about where prod support calls from work will start coming in whenever there are issues . 
  i usually end up working a bit at 1100 regardless of what i 'm doing . 
  i travel with a ms surface in my bag monday-friday just incase , except when i run . 
  1115 do a bit of cardio followed by my favorite core workouts . 
  1145 ready for a run . 
  i usually do 4-5km and 2 round trips on the long stairs to the monument . 
  honestly - sometimes i only do one round trip because the stairs are hard and on some days they just sap my desire to finish the 4-5km at a good pace . 
  1245 finally back home , dripping with sweat and out of breath . 
  give the wife a sweaty kiss , then start my stretches . 
  1310 all finished . 
  jump into the shower . 
  1330 dressed . 
  grab a helmet and head to the garage for the vespa . 
  time for the shopping . 
  1345 first stop , the market - i get fruits and vegetables here , fresh yogurt and white cheese . 
  1405 walk to my wife 's favourite organic shop to give them all of my money for 1 small shopping bag of what seems like rabbits ' food . 
  my wife says it 's healthy stuff . 
  1420 walk back to the vespa , load up and head to place where i get dried meats , yellow cheese and more organic stuff ( snacks for my daughter ) 1440 all done here - now back on the vespa to the butcher 's for meat . 
  1500 vespa is fully loaded . 
  time to head back . 
  1510 quick stop at my friend 's caf\u00e9 for a caffeine top-up . 
  1520 at home . 
  vespa in the garage , struggle to carry everything upstairs , close the garage and open two doors all without putting down the bags or my helmet !, 
  fun !!, 
  1525 i made it . 
  lunch time . 
  my wife makes the best lunches ever !, 
  usually she makes soups for my daughters lunch and i just have some of that . 
  typically chicken , beef , lamb or mountain beans soups . 
  i usually have it with a glass of water with a half lemon squeezed into it , 2 slices of today 's bread buttered and with yellow cheese on them , and a few slices of some dried meats ( lamb in season at the moment ) . 
  1550 start work . 
  i work in it , remotely . 
  1745 time to take a little work break - drive to get my daughter from school . 
  1800 magically found a parking spot just on time ( never happens ) now wondering how to convince my daughter that it 's time to go home now that all of the kids are in the school yard together running around and having fun ? 
  1815 ok that 's enough now it 's really time to leave . 
  1830 at home . 
  continue working . 
  1930 dinner time !, 
  my wife makes whatever i managed to find today . 
  tonight we had baby octopus with spinach , basmati rice and salad , because my butcher is closed ( friday was st. george 's day here which is a holiday for us , my butcher is named georgi , so he usually closes the shop for a while to celebrate his name day ) . 
  2030 back to work !, 
  2145 say goodnight to my daughter , read her a story , or just a small chat . 
  2200 back to work !, 
  0030 time to wind down the day !, 
  finish up any code/ideas that i 'm near finished with . 
  i do n't like leaving work almost finished . 
  if i have an idea or am writing code , i prefer to finish the flow . 
  0100 all done , hopefully . 
  head into the shower . 
  0130 usually in bed by now . 
  that 's my typical week day . 
  obviously weekends play out differently . 
  this post ( super long , sorry ) threw my schedule off by half an hour ( maybe more - i was n't counting ) - but that 's work time and heave knows i have a lot of that so , no problem . 
  kiwi cream is awesome !, 
  my daughter calls it sweet wasabi !, 
  lighten up .
