  unless it 's a vodka martini ... or a vesper . 
  i see some people go 50/50 with the vermuth . 
  because the monarchies united , giving them greater wealth which they used to explore and acquire even more wealth . 
  wealth gave them the ability to open and acquire new territory . 
  there was no vagueness in my `` claim '' . 
  i never mentioned attack . 
  i specifically wrote `` political '' support . 
  i 'm not weaseling out of anything . 
  you 're inflating my words with implications that i did not refer to . 
  clarifying that is not weaseling , it 's informing you that your argument is misplaced . 
  strange - i do n't recall making any false statements of a fool of myself , nor did i refer to patriot missiles in my comment . 
  your assumption . 
  no where in my statement do i specify surface to air or air to air . 
  i refer to the lack of political support from nato after turkey shot down the russian warplane . 
  there was an awful lot of `` um ... so . . um what happened there ? '', 
  had . 
  nato cut them off by not having their back . 
  you 're correct , but there are a significant amount of russians involved . 
  my wife used to work in a medical office in brooklyn 's russian/ukrainian area and she was amazed that every visit seemed to be inflated like this . 
  not only that but then the patients who would roll up in new audi a7s or the like would be using subsidized medical care for poor people then actually complain about the service of their free visits that they later received kick backs for from the doctor . 
  these were most often russians and ukrainians . 
  i wholly concur !!, 
  down with the pineapple pizza . 
  hawaiian pizza in my opinion should be topped with spam , roasted ham , smoked ham , and poi . 
  peppers are always appreciated . 
  jalapenos more so . 
  thanks . 
  i thought i read 70km not 70nm . 
  it 's not special treatment by expecting open comms and professionalism in international waters and airspace . 
  being 70nm off of a port and a warplane approach with no comms and does a low and fast fly over , that 's the beginning of a threat . 
  it 's not special treatment to ask that nations refrain from approaching war vessels like that with no communication . 
  edit : fixed distance measurement . 
  thanks / u/awesomelove, 
  absolutely - corruption is a major problem in southern and eastern europe and should not be tolerated as much as it is . 
  i ca n't speak for all of eastern europe on the subject , but here in bulgaria it 's tolerated at a high level because it 's just as present in the general population . 
  of course it does . 
  but those leaders and institutions are not `` things '' . 
  they are made of living breathing people . 
  the same ones , as a matter of fact which are grown and reared in the local culture , system and way of doing things . 
  the choices our leaders make can not at all be separated from our methods of making choices and our value system in which we make them . 
  which is cultural . 
  thanks , neighbor !, 
  i 'd say the biggest difference in standard of living in the south is lower income and less/unless in some cases social services . 
  i 'd agree it be nice to get up to northern european standards in those areas , but i 'm sure i 'd sacrifice the quality of life here in order to gain those benefits and i think it would need to be sacrificed in large part to make it happen . 
  the carelessness . 
  the long days lounging . 
  the working super hard for really quite little and only complaining about it but not doing much because at the end of the day you do n't want to pay more for what you have and that would really be the only way to receive more in compensation ... 
  list goes on . 
  i 'm not sure you can generalize the `` rest of european citizens '' like that . 
  i for one am fairly content in southern europe . 
  i find northern european cities to be too serious and uptight for my preferences with a few exceptions . 
  i think when your life is not focused on finances , southern europe offers more `` living '' . 
  i know many people emigrate to the north , but most often for financial reasons . 
  many people also comes south ... to try to live a better life . 
  that kind of challenges the viability of a union if you have to compete without and within . 
  in my opinion , complimenting each other 's needs forms a much better partnership than trying to out do each other and then admonishing the loser . 
  because northern countries have a different definition of good quality of living . 
  why should they compete with the northern countries ? 
  i 'd say the economical differences between north and south are more cultural than structural , so besides maybe northern italy eventually , i do n't see southern europe ever being able to `` compete '' with northern europe but then as part of an economic block and political union , should n't we be more focused on complimenting each other 's short falls and maximizing strengths rather than competing ? 
  debt relief would not mean necessarily loaning more . 
  i would just mean agreeing to not get back 100 % + interest on what you 've already loaned or agreeing to wait much longer than original terms to get back your original loan . 
  i do n't see how that 's political suicide ... 
  sounds like the best way to get something back . 
  the other options would yield lesser returns on their loans for the creditors , germany included . 
  you should check with the mexican 's first -- i think they should get to choose since they 're paying , after all . 
  i do n't know about that - but they certainly never have to worry about landslides . 
  the swiss one is looking appealing to me . 
  i 'd like to visit rivendell some time . 
  weird . 
  how is your mother in law pushing you to get married ? 
  i mean , how many mother in laws do you really need ? 
  holy shit , i did n't know that existed !!, 
  awesomeness !, 
  um turbo tax ftw !, 
  costs me about 80 $ for fed and state and takes all of 20 minutes of my time . 
  wow this is super optimistic !, 
  good on you mate !, 
  i hope some of this happens , but in reality , i do n't expect much will change in 10 years . 
  transatlantic trade is already superseded by asia . 
  there are too many differences in the political systems and end goals in my opinion for political ties between asia and europe to even approach those of north america to europe . 
  eastern europe does n't have and i do n't think will see enough venture capital investment to really get many game changing companies started and functional there . 
  people migrate where the money is ... few people will be willing to come from britain or germany to romania or bulgaria for employment when it means taking a 80 % or more hit to their salary . 
  maybe eastern european governments might start taking the need for heavy tech and education investment seriously because that 's what 's needed to get home grown ideas off the ground . 
  when locals start investing in growth and future , then the migration of capital and resources might begin . 
  the refugee crisis as it is will never end . 
  it did n't just start last september when 24 hour news took notice . 
  it 's been going on for years , just on a smaller scale . 
  italy has been increasingly complaining for a decade now . 
  with any luck it will return to its previous numbers . 
  my hope is that in 10 years europeans begin to recognize their common goals and similarities , stop emphasizing and focusing on preserving differences keeping us apart . 
  i think in 10 years europe may be on track to taking its union a little more seriously and we can get back to feeling european commonly as it sort of was 10 years before anti europe politics really began to take hold . 
  i was wondering the same thing . 
  i 've been to hong kong on a number of occasions and while i 've never felt unsafe , i would n't go so far as to say it 's safer than scandinavia . 
  i 'm not even sure i 'd label it safer than bulgaria . 
  common military is near impossible without fiscal union . 
  else we end up with a `` peacekeeping '' force like the un has . 
  with fiscal union , the budgeting for a common military does n't have to be taken in 28 proportional pieces so no one complains . 
  but too many member nations are still too self-interested to get anywhere near this in the foreseeable future . 
  for some reason , europe still feels the need for individual military forces even though the majority of said forces do n't have the support , technical prowess , size or equipment to be of any practical military use if they ever became necessary . 
  no need to apologize .
