  but i 've seen my share of violent homeless people , i 've been `` whatcha looking at yo !? '', 
  and a dude stroking his bare penis on the q train and other things that do n't need enumeration . 
  i often sit in a subway car and wonder - how many of these people have ccs on their person , or any other weapon . 
  why do they need it ? 
  i was cool with it - but i do n't think my daughter has to grow up like that . 
  i did n't live in an unsafe neighborhood . 
  i lived in park slope . 
  about as hometowney as one can get in brooklyn . 
  lol . 
  you 're leading the count then . 
  i lived in nyc 15 years and never had a single problem . 
  never . 
  but now with a 4 year old daughter , i ca n't imagine taking the chance that she 'll be as lucky as i was given what i read and watch in the media . 
  its true , media makes it a lot worse than it really is - but its also true that contentious 2nd amendment politics and generally 19th century view of the value of another human being 's life makes it worse than just almost anywhere else in the developed world to live . 
  this is why i ca n't live in the us anymore . 
  almost any place worth living in the states carries a good chance of dying for the honour of being there . 
  for trivial matters - like a bag . 
  then there 's trump thing that 's like a bad dream i ca n't wake up from . 
  indeed we can . 
  but there are in my opinion still too many people in bulgaria who benefit from/participate in the massive corruption here on a day to day basis . 
  it 's part of the system here and until that system is untangled and made transparent and 100 times clearer to follow , corruption in bulgaria is not going to go away . 
  i think eastern europe , to generalize is too closed minded for terrorist cells to operate for months or years without anyone taking notice . 
  the passive racism and general suspicion of anyone with darker skin - much less a group of them would make it difficult to organize , imo . 
  plus - what 's the point ? 
  one of the targets of these attacks recently seems to be multi-culturalism . 
  to instill fear of muslims , thus making it easier to radicalize even more of the moderate population . 
  there is already fear of muslims in eastern europe and disdain and there is little in the way of multi-culturalism to attack . 
  i would n't put it past hungary or bulgaria or romania to embark on mass blind deportations if something like paris or brussels attacks occurred in these countries . 
  take care of the issue in one swoop and the voices of those against the idea would be easily drowned out by the cheers of the supporters . 
  it 's a sad reality in eastern europe , but one that keeps it relatively safe from terrorism at the moment , as far as i see it . 
  these guys are popping up everywhere !, 
  europe is finally showing some initiative !, 
  barcelona in the autumn of this year . 
  looking forward to some roasted lamb , most definitely . 
  haha  thanks . 
  that , i 'm sure of . 
  i do n't expect spain will ever reach real northern european compensation levels just because the productivity level is n't there . 
  however rising salaries means more opportunities make money without relying on tourists/expats as is often necessary in bulgaria for instance . 
  it means a more stable economy , which means more domestic growth an investment , which leads to more international investment , which in turns feeds back into the cycle . 
  hopefully . 
  i think if refugees were just looking for a safe place to live they would have stopped in greece . 
  it 's safe and close to home when they are ready to return . 
  they are certainly looking for more than just a safe place to ride out the war ( s ) . 
  this is reassuring . 
  spain is moving the the right direction , kind of . 
  my family and i will be moving to spain alter this year and one thing that is always at the back of my mind is the low compensation compared to germany . 
  it 's good to see that slowly , it 's getting a little better . 
  cleaning my vespa !, 
  happy easter to those celebrating . 
  it 's too late for bond . 
  he failed to prevent them from obtaining the key card . 
  now it 's jack 's turn ... we europeans are too civilized for what comes next . 
  where is jack bauer when we need him ? 
  please do n't talk about my eyes - i gauged them out soon after i saw the tree to save myself from oppression . 
  you 're on to something here ... 
  i grew up in the states and in my family , dinner was at 19:30 . 
  we went to bed at 21:30 , eventually 22:00 before the murder , rape and general pillaging tally that was `` the news '' started . 
  happy independence day !, 
  yes , indeed you did , 
  by `` conservative '' , i do not imply political , but rather sociological . 
  which is indeed what defines the mental definition of `` western '' , as opposed to geographical location . 
  poverty , crime , disease are everywhere in continental europe . 
  corruption , private or public is only a matter of public visibility , and who 's pointing the finger at who . 
  i think that 's from the western european perspective in which `` the west '' ends at portugal if you 're very conservative - or ireland if you 've made it to the 20th century - maybe even as far as iceland ... 
  lol , do i get a vote ? 
  i ca n't argue with that point - that 's a deeply engrained part of being european - my family , my neighborhood , my town/city , my province/federal region , my country ... . then somewhere in the after thought - europe . 
  that 's the order of importance , and politically speaking it still goes that way . 
  it 's hard to go against your nature , and many may argue , why bother going against your nature at all ? 
  i think it 's a viable long term goal - bringing europe to a place of slightly higher than nil priority in the average europeans consciousness . 
  will we get there ? 
  i do n't know - right now , all the wrong people and issues are blocking the path . 
  europe and the eu more specifically are taking steps to better cooperation between member nations . 
  however , i think these steps are too slow , too small and try to hit at low-hanging fruit first as far as target areas for cooperation go . 
  meanwhile , the world around us is evolving faster than we can cope with . 
  it should n't take crisis after crisis to point out the weaknesses , but the reluctance to unify information , personal data , ie . 
  airline passenger lists , who was arrested where for what is holding us back and giving the people who are willing to go above and beyond to hurt us the unmitigated advantage . 
  the us had similar issue between local police , state police and federal organizations pre - 11.09.2001 , however they sort it out quickly with homeland security and a lot more data sharing than was even conceived possible prior . 
  it took a big tragedy there too to point out the short falls in basic communications . 
  europe should learn from that mistake - instead it does feel like we 're waiting for 3000 europeans to be blown to bits before all eu countries take this problem seriously . 
  well ... it 's an open secret . 
  but true indeed , european jews got the short end of the stick . 
  where i am - you may as well say you worship the devil by ` admitting ' to being jewish . 
  with a 2 month pool party !, 
  it 'll have to be best of 3, 
  because they are n't all that way . 
  i just try to look at those who are n't and ignore those who are as long as they keep their shit to themselves . 
  my wife and i have this discussion all the time . 
  she was attacked my a group of gypsies when she was a teenager so of course she is turned against them for life . 
  but i 've honestly never had a bad experience with gypsies that has n't been repeated with a bulgarian , so i guess it 's easier for me to keep an open mind . 
  i 've interacted with `` the average gypsy '' and we have the same prejudice here in bulgaria . 
  i strong hatred for them . 
  but i can say that if you remove the hatred you begin to see that their are good gypsies and bad gypsies the same as there are good bulgarians and bad one . 
  it seems silly to hate an entire people and associate them all to the worst of them . 
  it also seems that such hatred only helps to propagate the very behavior we disdain . 
  that 's my experience . 
  i do my best to keep an open mind with gypsies . 
  i do n't tolerate the beggars or the thieves . 
  but i try to be kind to the kids who are only doing what their parents make them do . 
  maybe a little good influence will make them question the bad that they are being taught . 
  this is so true .
