yeah , i got the joke reference a little late  slow me !!, 
  i race motorcycles at the track in adancata . 
  urzicheni is the closest place with a decent hotel and good food . 
  it is a relatively boring region , but i have n't been to many places in romania . 
  compared of all of those places urzicheni is bland . 
  but still pretty nice for such a small place . 
  i 'm a little jealous at how much faster romania and romanians are developing compared to bulgaria . 
  i remember years ago when it was quite the opposite !, 
  at least they are still legal tender . 
  it would suck to have to go turn them in and be interrogated on where they originated from . 
  i read the relevant part of the wikipedia article and i 've read other articles to the same point . 
  i still however do n't totally agree with the assertion that the dark ages was a classicalism propaganda term . 
  to an extent yes , they idolized the greeks and romans and ideas were pivoted from and compared to what would the romans have done . 
  but this is in my opinion because a civilization ( rome ) fell and was not replaced by a greater one . 
  it was n't conquered it was ravaged and left to die . 
  nothing greater came until the renaissance in the form of freer thinking and a revival of what was lost centuries prior . 
  from the 6th - 14th centuries in europe very few advances were made , centralized and accessible to the masses . 
  with a few exceptions like viking maritime technology , mostly europe rehashed what was already known from the romans . 
  new tech came from the east into europe but those few centuries were definitely a time of subpar innovation as religious devotion supplanted the need for development and improvement . 
  i like romania . 
  you guys are doing way better than we are . 
  i 'm there very often , i one of your lesser cities , urzicheni . 
  even there and the tiny villages on the road to slobozia are 10x in better state than comparable locations in much of bulgaria with a few exceptions . 
  brasov is one of the most beautiful , completely understated city centres in europe and the region around it is full of things to discover !, 
  not to mention your awesome playgrounds in even is smallest of towns !, 
  my daughter for the first time enjoyed a road trip when we explored romania because every couple of hours wherever we stopped there was a big clean playground to explore !, 
  you have a lot to be proud of !, 
  this is very true . 
  this is how many of us are raised as kids - sort yourself out . 
  the problem is when the kid has been raised with the constant support of it 's guardians then the guardians throw their collective hands up and say - i 've had enough , you can take care of yourself now . 
  said kid is likely to be a little discontent and may foster some animosity about it . 
  not that we 'd probably be much worse off than we are now with the current situation - but just end up creating large groups of people sympathetic to the cause of isis and other groups bent on holding mankind back . 
  while i think in theory your suggestion is precisely what we need , i think in practice we are perhaps a bit too far down the wrong road to turn back now . 
  i find wales to be the most beautiful part of britain !, 
  so your reply is to stop said people from entering your country because of the possibility that your countrymen/women would be radicalized for contact with them ? 
  seems to me that the greater the influences of mcdonalds `` meat '' in your country , the greater the odds that your countrymen will encounter heart disease , cancer , obesity and a generally poor quality of life . 
  there 's nothing complex or surprising about that . 
  yet , the stuff is still allowed to cross borders . 
  it makes sense to me that people are radicalized because of issues that they have - making it easier for them to buy the shit that radicals are selling . 
  resolving those domestic issues would seem a more logical solution to me - since you ca n't eliminate all radical influences , external or internal . 
  i think do n't think romanians share that hope . 
  looks like the government is trying to delay joining the eurozone as long as possible , by setting no hard targets for being procedures to join . 
  bulgaria is of a similar mind . 
  greece made the euro seem a bit dangerous to our finance ministry and threatens our free money from the eu if we have to give it back in a community bailout . 
  you mean the wildlings of the cold north . 
  winter is coming . 
  we prefer free money . 
  that 's a bit over the top . 
  i 'd say a modern comparison would be south african apartheid . 
  but definitely not holocaust level at all . 
  what the israelis are doing is despicable and truly regrettable that it 's allowed to continue as if it 's something normal . 
  at least they are n't systematically exterminating palestinians . 
  although , slowly wearing them down with poor treatment - i ca n't say it 's `` better '' . 
  that 's quite a leap . 
  and what about the europeans who are involved , those who do n't come from immigrant families ? 
  should they not have been allowed in either ? 
  how far back should we take this logic ? 
  what if they bought the bike through the racing organizer - used it for races and official practice , and the bike goes back to the organizer to seal and store till the next event . 
  it 's still the cyclist 's bike - just not for use outside of events . 
  if they choose to take it bike - it would not be entered into another event - something along those lines could work . 
  it typically is legally binding in professional sport , even if you retire . 
  she is also liable to return all winnings since oct. 2015 , which i imagine will total more than the fine . 
  bulgaria was a sort of half-hearted axis-member . 
  it was a choice of germany is going to march on greece and we 're in the way -- join them or be invaded . 
  yes the government at the time saved jews from going to concentration camps - but those were bulgarian jews . 
  they did n't manage to save jews from other neighboring territories then under bulgarian occupation . 
  like i said - we do n't hate jews - it 's just a perpetuation of a stereotype that you 'll hear many people repeat if you ask them what they think of jews . 
  come on now , you ca n't exclude yourselves from all of the cool games !, 
  rivers take the strangest courses !, 
  it was inevitable . 
  it 's only the beginning ... 
  hate is a strong word in that respect . 
  it 's more like mistrust and poor association with jews loving money more than people and having vastly different principals and values in life . 
  i 'd say it 's a matter of misunderstanding and taking a stereotype a bit too seriously . 
  but yes you 'll find a general feeling of dislike for jews here , especially among business people . 
  for the most part though , i think bulgarians generally still befriend turks and jews and whomever else we dislike . 
  in my opinion and experience the dislike or `` hate '' is not often on a personal level . 
  i 've seen it in action . 
  a friend of mine who claims to hate muslims , having a very entertaining time at a club with another friend of mine who is a muslim . 
  there 's this confusion : `` he 's such a cool person ! '', 
  `` oh my i do n't like muslims ! '', 
  `` so , when are we going out again ? '', 
  bulgaria has n't forgotten . 
  people here actively do have a negative opinion of turks because of the centuries bulgarians were enslaved to the ottomans . 
  it 's sad , but very real here . 
  i wonder the same thing here in bulgaria . 
  my wife is one of those bio nuts so we spend an ungodly amount on food . 
  my monthly income is more than 10x the average here , and i spent more than an average monthly income each week on food . 
  but even when it 's not all organic crap , it 's still way more than an average person could afford by themselves . 
  it makes me wonder ... what exactly does the average person eat in terms of quality , not quantity ? 
  well i tried it for two weeks last year . 
  i ate out with a friend who eats at some of the cheaper places in my city . 
  i can attest to the fact that i started putting on fat in those 2 weeks eating cheap even though my 3 times weekly jog stayed the same . 
  what was odd is that we ate 90 % meat . 
  chips were just about our only vegetable . 
  you 'd think it was a lot of profile but turned out not to be the case . 
  and i 'm not completely sure either . . 
  but [ this might help ] ( http://m.dariknews.bg/liubopitno/otkyde-idvat-shvedskata-trojka-shvedskata-masa-i-shvedskata-stena-1237466 ), 
  yes they are  when i 'm in bcn it 's hard to not have a gin tonic . 
  and i 'm not a big fan of gin tonics but it seems just about everyone else is , so must give in ...
