please define . 
  she lived with us . 
  so we saved a lot of money, 
  not always . 
  my daughter was in university of wisconsin - 8000 per year . 
  in california state university is even more affordable . 
  honestly so far i did n't like femen . 
  but this action changed the whole thing . 
  very brave girls !, 
  relatively old joke : when la manche tunnel was about to be constructed , three companies tried to get the contract . 
  the first was an american company . 
  they said they need 1 billion dollars , they would start digging from england and france and meet in the middle with 1 yard mistake . 
  the second was a german company , which said they need 2 billions and the mistake would be 1cm . 
  the third was a russian company , which said they are going to construct two tunnels . 
  there is exactly the same russian joke , but 1 . 
  it was russian who lost and broke the balls . 
  he was not crying.he won and was the only one the devil let go . 
  i agree . 
  most of middle east countries are ruled by dictators . 
  most of them have problems with human rights ( even turkey , where some democracy is present ) . 
  but somehow everybody got focused on assad only . 
  maybe he is a bad guy , but why we are so sure that the rebels are better ? 
  also he is mostly secular , while the rebels are mostly religious . 
  in any case assad has no chance to switch sides and join isis , when the rebels can do this ( and some of them already have done this ) . 
  this one ? 
  did any group take responsibility for this ? 
  you did n't get it . 
  it was a training !, 
  the `` protesters '' were also police . 
  why did they use any flags in the first place ? 
  the funniest part is that during this training `` protesters '' are waving russian flags . 
  this is crazy !, 
  i can not imagine us riot police training against a mob waving american flag . 
  literally : here is yuri 's day for you , granny . 
  the meaning : something that was expected did not happen . 
  if you are interested , i can explain how yuri 's day ( actually st. george day ) is related here ( long historical reference to 15 century ) . 
  yes , it is partly true . 
  but at the same time it was stalin who purged 3/4 of generals right before the war . 
  agriculture was in bad shape . 
  stalin promoted science , but at the same time some scientists were oppressed and killed . 
  genetics and cybernetics were declared wrong and evil . 
  so stalin 's contribution into victory in the war and economy in general is very controversial . 
  well , it is a stalemate now . 
  it was much more unstable before . 
  exactly . 
  the reports by ukraine about coming russian attack are as frequent as reports by russia about coming ukrainian attack . 
  imho it is a stalemate . 
  no side has resources or will to start anything serious . 
  i would love to visit italy ( hopefully this spring ) . 
  even though my friend , who visited most of european countries , told me that i should visit italy after all other countries , because after italy all other countries look mediocre :-) . 
  france got my second place . 
  thanks for the warning , but these days i treat all sources as heavily politicized :-), 
  hey !, 
  til polish !, 
  interesting . 
  now in ukraine a lot of people point at poland as an example of successful decommunisation . 
  so it is not that successful after all , is it ? 
  also poland is viewed as an example of successful economy development and european integration . 
  i hope at least this is true . 
  thanks , it looks very similar to kgb approach . 
  i know one man in ukraine , who was `` asked '' to cooperate with kgb at soviet time . 
  he agreed , but then secretly informed all his friends about it . 
  may i ask another stupid question ? 
  the name is actually `` wa\u0142\u0119sa '' , which is often written as walensa . 
  so it looks like polish '' \u0119 '' is close to `` en '' . 
  right ? 
  well , that was rather risky retirement strategy for commies :-), 
  sorry for stupid questions , but ... as far as i remember lech walesa was leader of solidarity , which defeated communist regime . 
  if he was a sb agent , why would he do this ? 
  also why did n't sb stop/blackmail him ? 
  i remember similar accusations against solzhenitsyn . 
  again it is difficult to believe that solzhenitsyn worked for kgb . 
  i agree . 
  there are nice ideals , and there is an ugly reality . 
  even if all these people a ) come from syria b ) are real refugees , europe should think twice before accepting so many people . 
  imagine tomorrow a civil war would start in ... china . 
  and 1/2 billion people would become refugees . 
  should europe invite them ? 
  like youtube video or report by osce, 
  yeah . 
  such predictions/rumors are pretty useless . 
  i would wait for more reliable sources . 
  honestly i do n't understand the whole problem . 
  israel appeared on the map by un resolution , which created two states : israel and palestine . 
  how is it possible to recognize israel , but not palestine ? 
  imho not recognizing palestine means more chaos , more grounds for radicals and terrorists , so it is not even in israel 's interests to oppose recognition of palestine . 
  thanks for the clarification !, 
  i just noticed that malopolski dialect is close to ukraine , which used to be named in russia - malorossia . 
  has lesser polish any influence of ukrainian ? 
  what does it mean ? 
  does moscow ( or moskva ) mean anything in finnish ? 
  i read somewhere that the word has finnish origin . 
  i remember reading of `` the cattle raid of cooley '' , which is full of really strange names like c\u00fa chulainn . 
  very interesting story !, 
  uncle sam is watching you :-), 
  nice try :-), 
  indeed : keep calm and carry on !, 
  well , trust me , if a unit in us army starts using neo-nazi symbols and periodically performs torch-lit procession in us cities , they would get full attention of us media . 
  and if us government does nothing to stop them , the government would get even more attention . 
  there is nothing special about sviatoslav .
