  the only thing that people like to discuss is that he did not convert to christianity , contrary to his mother olga . 
  but the whole issue is not svyatoslav . 
  it is azov and other ultra-nationalists who irritate people . 
  they love nazi symbols , they love this torch shows , they are well armed . 
  nobody can predict what they would do next . 
  i agree . 
  and i was really surprised to find out that some of my russian friends believe that everything that is written in `` gulag '' is a lie . 
  here is one more detail about replacing the picture of president petro poroshenko : semenikhin , as well as many other ukrainian radicals , believes that poroshenko represents `` regime of internal occupation '' . 
  they detest poroshenko and call for revolt against the current government . 
  here is an [ interview with artem semenikhin in russian ] ( http://argumentua.com/stati/artem-semenikhin-ya-ne-sobirayus-ostanavlivatsya-na-konotope ) . 
   at these demonstration you will see plenty of people who have tape over their arms and legs because they have to cover tattoos that depict illegal nazi symbols wow , that 's funny !, 
  i understand this . 
  what i miss is any information who were these right-wing guys ? 
  what kind of party ? 
  who is their leader ? 
  yes , people have right to assemble peacefully . 
  but if they are real neo-nazi , then i think germany has some laws that prohibit nazi ideology . 
  right ? 
  i am just surprised that in germany they can send a man to prison for denying holocaust , but the neo-nazi rallies are legal . 
  am i missing something important ? 
  or maybe these right wing guys were not neo-nazi ? 
  please enlighten me . 
  one more reason for bear attack - when humans approach their food ( e.g. , a killed deer ) . 
  you may not even see the place , but a bear can protect it by attacking you . 
  i was in a group in siberia , which had this experience . 
  fortunately we had guns and scared the bear away . 
  but who knows , may be bears in finland are different ( i do n't think so ), 
  actually they were talking about this [ declassified document ] ( https://www.judicialwatch.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/pg.-291-pgs.-287-293-jw-v-dod-and-state-14-812-dod-release-2015-04-10-final-version11.pdf ) , and specifically about this part :  `` the west , gulf countries , and turkey [ who ] support the [ syrian ] opposition ... there is the possibility of establishing a declared or undeclared salafist principality in eastern syria ( hasaka and der zor ) , and this is exactly what the supporting powers to the opposition want , in order to isolate the syrian regime ... '' . 
  as for master and margarita , almost all is beautiful . 
  maybe the last part , when the master and margarita `` die '' is the most touching . 
  but imho white guard is even better . 
  i was responding to an irish guy :-), 
  i do n't know , it is all good . 
  i tried his `` at swim-two-birds '' , but it was too complicated for me . 
  ok , poland , bulgaria ... 
  i hear nothing from hungary . 
  strange ... 
  in my view - it is the only right decision . 
  i hope poland would not change it under pressure from eu . 
   the third policeman by flann o'brien is it about bicycle ? 
  :-) i love this book !, 
  i love it too !, 
  well , i see a lot of people emigrating from ukraine to the western europe , but the map does n't show how many people emigrated from ukraine to russia . 
  what do you think about chechens fighting on ukrainian and russian sides in ukraine ? 
  what do you think about chechens fighting for isis ? 
  it could be expensive to give each immigrant balalajka , bottle of vodka and a pet bear . 
  putin may object ... 
  it is quite possible that people will not elect current dnr/lnr leaders . 
  my point was that the parliament may not pass any law about any amnesty , which can ( and will ) be used by russia to blame everything on ukrainian side . 
  and woman, 
   so now the ball is in russia 's court . 
  not really . 
  according to minsk-2 agreement now ukraine should change constitution to give donbas more autonomy and it should provide amnesty to rebels , so they can take part in the election . 
  this second part ( amnesty ) is the most painful for kiev . 
  we 'll see how ukrainian parliament will handle it . 
  i saw it a couple of times in california ( we have here a small , but active portuguese community ) . 
  it was a bloodless corrida , and it was amazing !, 
  first man in space ? 
   the strikes have hit the army of conquest , an islamist faction that includes the nusra front , al qaeda 's syrian affiliate , as well as more-secular groups that often fight alongside it , including some that have received covert american aid . 
  so usa helps `` more-secular '' groups that often fight alongside nusra front , al qaeda 's syrian affiliate . 
  great !, 
  should n't we help the `` more-secular '' groups to fight ** against ** al queda ? 
  so i do n't see any problem if russia bomb them . 
  meanwhile bernie sanders starts something against tpp : https://go.berniesanders.com/page/s/stop-tpp honestly i have no opinion about it . 
  is it good for usa ? 
  is it good for europe ? 
  is it good for asia ? 
  who knows ... 
  i hope it was mostly a joke , but who i am to talk about `` art '' :-), 
  the singer worked in russian defense department and managed to steal many millions rubles . 
  she created this video while she was under investigation . 
  then she was sentenced to a couple of years in prison , but she was pardoned in a couple of months and it looks like she did n't spend in prison a single day . 
  do n't forget about russian pop culture : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zgpb5lsqhdm, 
   staring like a calf at a painted door ... the origin of this belief is unknown ... actually the origin of the phrase is well known ( at least in russia ) . 
  usually in small villages there is a special guy - shepherd , which goes through the village in the morning , collects animals ( sheep , caws , goats , etc. 
  ) , spend day in pasture , then return the animals back . 
  and animals know their houses , so they find their way easily . 
  but if the house owner changes something ( e.g. , paint the gate or fence or house ) , the animals are confused : they stay in front of the gate , but are afraid to enter . 
   liberate texas from mexico hmm . 
  do n't be shy . 
  not only texas was `` liberated '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arizona#/media/file:mexico_1824_ ( equirectangular_projection ) . png edit : formatting, 
  sunbath at midnight sounds cool !, 
  it is not available in california , where i live now :-(, 
  because a polar bear could eat me ? 
  man , it was a joke :-), 
  til you can sunbath in sweden . 
  pardon my french . 
  sorry , i am late for the party ... viva la france !, 
  where can i get my baguette ? 
  that 's the problem : they do n't take orders from anybody . 
  first of all , it is a sad news : the guy died . 
  secondly , it is another evidence of how often the minsk agreement is ignored by both sides . 
  russia was supposed to stop supplying weapon and specialists to separatists . 
  ukraine was supposed to remove paramilitary units ( including right sector ) from the front line . 
  well done indeed !, 
  and i always wanted to ask : why do n't gb play as one team ( england + scotland + wales ) ? 
  separately you never win ( at least on my memory ) . 
  together you have a good chance . 
  why not ? 
  the game reminded me the following football related russian joke : the husband and his wife were having diner .
