lol the average person in america is not poorer . 
  i 've been to naples , you ca n't trick me . 
  i do n't know anything about this . 
  in your opinion is the akp responsible for the growth , or are they just lucky enough to be in charge while the economy is doing well ? 
  is the right wing normally pro-stalin ? 
  europe in general needs more young people . 
  romanians moving to spain just shifts the problem to romania , since they also have low birth rates . 
  when there is a hole in your roof and your house is filling up with water , you have to fix the leak before you worry about drying out the carpet . 
  i think the correct catholic response at minimum should include : 1 . 
  admit fault and apologize without equivocating , complaining about being persecuted or implying that it was justified 2 . 
  ruthlessly root out the people responsible and punish them severely 3 . 
  purge the leadership of anyone who allowed that behavior to fester , and punish them criminally where applicable 4 . 
  take steps to make sure nothing similar can ever happen again muslims have done none of those things and they should n't be shielded from criticism for that . 
  i do n't think that putting people in prison for blaming catholics is the correct response . 
  both are organizations that tell people what they should believe and how to live their lives . 
  i believe it is fine to criticize both . 
  only islam has the special veil of protection where you ca n't criticize it . 
  you have to make up an imaginary strawman called `` radical islam '' and pretend it is distinct from vanilla islam . 
  no one in europe goes to jail for blaming catholocism for the spanish inquisition or the pedophilia scandals , but if you blame islam for brussels you end up in a cell . 
  how is radical islam different from islam ? 
  how is believing the tenets of islam as written in the koran different from the tenets of nazism as written in mein kampf ? 
  all three want me dead or forcibly converted . 
  can i hate nazis in general or do you go to jail for that ? 
  to be fair the `` ca n't shout fire in a crowded theater '' argument is from the supreme court , in a ruling where they put somebody in prison for opposing the draft in wwi . 
  i think our free speech rights are better than in most european countries , but we should n't get complacent . 
  i suspect we will see a strong push from the left for european-style hate speech laws in the next 10-15 years . 
  the tsarnaevs in the us . 
  bernardino was a married couple though . 
  the us has fewer security problems than germany or belgium though . 
  i 'm ok with being europe 's safety net against russia , but right now we are a hammock . 
  it 's time that they either step up to the plate , or we should take our ball and go home . 
  to be fair the soviets were the country most responsible for wwii after germany . 
  they willingly allied with the nazis to invade poland , which removed the only buffer state they had . 
  most of their deaths were due to their own greed and aggression . 
  if they had presented a united front against germany , instead of invading their neighbors and watching france go down alone , they would not have suffered nearly as much . 
  bernie does !, 
  i just googled to see if $ 30k was reasonable as a sanity check . 
  the cornell website says $ 25k for the 9 month spring + fall semester for a ta/ra , plus $ 5k for the summer . 
  this sounds roughly in line with what my professor said when he was pitching the phd program to our class at a state school in the midwest for engineering , but that was years ago so i could be misremembering . 
  if you are including the us in anglo countries then i do n't think this is accurate , at least in the science and engineering fields . 
  i know a number of people who did a phd and all of them were getting paid between $ 20k and $ 30k a year above what their tuition was . 
  i 've heard it is harder to get funded in the humanities though . 
  i thought the whole point of legalizing abortion was that women should be allowed to do what they want with their bodies . 
  now it turns out that if what they choose is to not have an abortion , then they are a `` manipulative bitch '' , and the father is absolved of his responsibility to help raise his child . 
   i assume you know that carrying to term and giving birth is much more dangerous to her health than an abortion . 
  so health reasons are n't usually a justification . 
  so women are too dumb to make their own medical decisions , and the state needs to step in and punish them financially for making the `` wrong '' choice ? 
  real progressive there sweden . 
   lol then it would n't be paid to the manipulative mother . 
  fucking women , am i right ? 
  no it allows deadbeats to avoid helping to raise the child the willingly brought into the world . 
  child support is something the father should owe to the child , the choices of the mother are irrelevant . 
  it is unfair for the father to willingly conceive a child , and then decide they do n't want it anymore and get out of paying unless the mother undergoes a serious , invasive medical procedure . 
  it 's a woman 's choice until it interferes with what a man wants , then fuck that bitch . 
  they were stolen and then sold at auctions and galleries . 
  the article is like 200 words dude . 
  cost of the ticket here is a couple hundred dollars usually , but your insurance rates will go up which is where the real cost is . 
  not really true in the us . 
  hispanics in the us vote in lockstep for the democrats , largely because they promise amnesty and less border security . 
  the iron age had advanced civilizations that , though they had their flaws , made fundamental advances in art , government , literature , philosophy , law and science . 
  modern islam is nothing like that . 
  notice that the list of islamic terrorists in the us is about the same length as the list of christian terrorists ( though the islamic death toll is several orders of magnitude higher ) , while muslims are < 1 % of the population . 
  when 1 % of the population is causing 99 % of your terrorism death toll then there is clearly something going on there . 
  it 's completely insane to continue importing these people when they cause so many problems . 
  there probably are more `` extremist '' christians in the us than in europe , in fact there are probably more practicing christians of all kinds in the us than in europe . 
  that said you have a very different definition of extremists for christians compared to muslims . 
  you are complaining about christian extremists for staging tasteless protests , the muslim extremists kill people and join isis . 
  clearly they are more extreme , given that this announcement was necessary . 
  or has bosnia had a problem with hundreds christians running off to join terrorist organizations ? 
   he was specifically invited to present a paper . 
  and he said he was going to go to austria even though his conference was in italy . 
  being deceptive about your reasons for applying for a visa is absolutely a good reason to deny it . 
  if you combine us , france and uk spending , turkey spends 2 % of that . 
  the main purpose of the turkish military is to overthrow the government of turkey once every 20 years or so . 
  i 'm pretty sure we can survive without whatever technological marvels turkey manages to churn out with $ 20 billion/yr . 
  turkey has a smaller defense budget than canada . 
  the internal cohesion we would gain by not being saddled with sultan crazypants as an ally would far outweigh the loss of the turkish army , which is basically a rounding error compared to the rest of nato . 
  well the boston bombings , the mohammed contest drawing shooting , numerous shootings at recruitment centers , the fort hood shooting , the washington snipers were both muslims and used it explicitly as a justification . 
  that 's what i could think of off the top of my head . 
  wikipedia has a more complete list that is way longer than mine : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism_in_the_united_states#islamic_extremism for being 1 % of the population they keep pretty busy . 
  e : plus a ton of failed attacks , like the shoe bomber . 
  and the constant stream of americans going over to join isis , al quaeda or other groups . 
  and besides , the terrorism is just a symptom of how our society is being changed . 
  the attacks in themselves are just pinpricks , but they mean that we have people who hate western values building up parallel societies in our borders . 
  saying there is no problem is like getting a lung cancer diagnosis and saying you do n't need chemo because you do n't feel sick yet . 
  good luck with that , i 'm skeptical that people in the west will ever wake up . 
  the us got hit with the biggest terrorist attack ever , over 3000 people killed , and it did n't change anyone 's mind over here . 
  islamic immigration has doubled since 9/11 . 
  the posts on r/islam about the hebdo shootings seem to mostly be whiny self pity about how people will be mad at islam and congratulating themselves about the grocery store owner who did n't turn people over to the shooters . 
  i think they do see something wrong with ransoming hostages , they just do n't want the bad publicity of throwing a hostage 's family in jail for paying a ransom . 
  the us government does not ransom hostages . 
  what obama is doing is refusing to enforce a law that would punish families who try to ransom their relatives back . 
  i think that 's dumb , but it still is n't the same as the us government paying a ransom . 
   did fucking go out of style ? 
  nope , it 's just people doing the right thing and delaying having kids until they secure a steady income . 
  croatia has a higher birth rate than germany despite being poorer . 
  i do n't think this is a good explanation . 
  well they would be arrested if they posted it . 
  yeah but someone paying $ 1m only receives the same as someone making $ 150k . 
  the original point of ss was to provide a poverty level retirement to people who saved nothing , lived very long lives and had no options .
