  it was n't supposed to be something that covered everyone . 
  the problem is that now everyone wants to work for 20-30 years and then retire for another 20-30 years while saving maybe 5 % of their income for retirement . 
  it is n't sustainable without high population growth . 
  so shitholes like cuba , north korea , iran and venezuela can defy us for decades , but poor little italy is just a helpless vassal state crushed under the jackboot of american imperialism ? 
  grow up . 
  oh come on . 
  nobody is forcing you to do anything . 
  any european country could tell the us to leave and we would be out . 
  nothing is being `` forced '' on you . 
  yes poor germany and italy . 
  never did anything wrong , just invaded and occupied for no reason . 
  i do n't really see the point of immigration then . 
  i thought it started out as letting people with job skills in who wanted to immigrate and contribute to society . 
  why would we let in people with no skills , who do n't want to integrate , and who will murder us if we do n't give them enough `` social wealth '' ? 
  what exactly are we getting out of this ? 
  the second generation is even more radical than the first if anything . 
  one of the san bernadino shooters was born in chicago . 
  and were n't most of the paris shooters second generation french ? 
  i do n't know why this `` indonesia is moderate '' myth is so widespread . 
  it is absolutely false . 
  they require you to have your religion on your id card . 
  they make women police officers and soldiers undergo a virginity test . 
  they are extremely fundamentalist and oppressive by any reasonable standard . 
  only in comparison to complete psychos like saudi arabia or iran do they look even remotely reasonable . 
  germany has taken in 1 million refugees in 2015 alone , probably mostly ones who speak arabic . 
  with migration rates like that plus high birth rates , i would n't be surprised if they outnumber the turks within 3-4 years . 
  these interest rates are subsidized by the government , so the taxpayers are ultimately the ones losing out . 
  yes , thank goodness italy is so well run . 
  would suck to be a tourist in sweden in january anyway tbh . 
  when you try to police the poor areas people get mad because more blacks and hispanics are arrested than whites . 
  $ 6 billion over 16 years is kind of a pittance in exchange for permanently and irreversibly altering the demographics of your entire country . 
  not to mention suppressing wages . 
  and they have n't even retired yet . 
  flying is more fuel efficient than driving . 
  flying is not destroying the planet . 
  europe is really in no condition to start a trade war right now . 
  france could make them citizens at literally any moment and they would have free entrance to the uk . 
  the uk has no meaningful control of its borders while part of the eu . 
  they are at the complete mercy of every other member state, 
  i doubt running the country during the great depression and ww2 was less stressful than today . 
  this is amazing . 
  please keep going !, 
  the central areas are probably the most densely populated , so the white brits could be an overall minority even if they are the majority in most districts ( i.e. 
  because they are a majority in the least populous districts and a minority in the most populous districts ) . 
  wikipedia says white british people make up 44 % of london , so it 's really no longer even a british city despite being the capital . 
  that only helps for one generation . 
  ten years from now those kids will be grown up and even more extremist than their parents . 
  reddit hates the saudis and loves iran . 
  not sure why because iran also funds terrorism and hangs gays . 
  we are handing money to an islamist theocracy and relying on their promises that they wo n't build nukes a few years from now when the inspections stop . 
  i 'm pretty sure the only ones calling it `` the bing bang theory '' is microsoft . 
  you 're kidding yourself if you do n't think the same thing is going to happen here too . 
  or that it would matter if we caught them . 
  the russians told us the tsarnaevs were radicals and nobody cared then , i doubt we have gotten any more vigilant since then . 
  and another 10 % that 's only `` somewhat '' opposed to isis . 
  plus tons of awful , extremist groups also hate isis so it 's not like only the isis supporters are potential radicals . 
  i heard train stations are a good place . 
  logically that makes sense to me , but if being poor stopped people from having kids then why does africa have such a high birth rate ? 
  depending on the company , actually using those sick days can be more or less frowned upon though . 
  also you usually get 7-10 paid holidays like christmas , good friday etc. 
  one thing to take into account is that we get waaay less vacation . 
  for a new graduate , 2 weeks starting is pretty standard . 
   and is there even a client for rpi 2 you can load osmc on there and play netflix . 
  may even be able to play in the browser , have n't tried that though . 
  but we weigh twice as much so it evens out in terms of $ / lb . 
  subsidized by your employer . 
  if you walked in off the street to buy dental insurance it would cost more . 
  the article makes it sound more like the drop is from an increased police presence because of the shootings . 
  that is interesting , that haiti was one of the first countries to throw out the colonizers but is doing worse than many countries that were colonized for longer . 
  free speech yes , but only for popular opinions . 
  if this happened in france there would be people crawling out of the woodwork to say that free speech is only an american concept and that some speech is n't protected . 
  apparently arresting people for their opinions is only bad when someone else does it . 
  stealing this post i saved from / u/supergeometric but : https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/bridge/deficient.cfm 1992 : 216,301 out of 572,629 bridges are functionally obsolete or structurally deficient ( 37.78 % ) 2012 : 151,497 out of 607,380 bridges are functionally obsolete or structurally deficient ( 24.94 % ) 2014 : 145,890 out of 610,749 bridges are functionally obsolete or structurally deficient ( 23.89 % ) https://www.fhwa.dot.gov/policy/2013cpr/es.cfm the percentage of vmt on nhs pavements with `` good '' ride quality rose from 48 percent in 2000 to 60 percent in 2010 . 
  the share of vmt on nhs pavements with `` acceptable '' ride quality increased from 91 percent to 93 percent . 
  overall , according to this fhwa report : 1 ) highway safety has improved 2 ) pavement conditions have improved in many areas 3 ) bridge conditions have improved politicians who tell you that our roads and bridges are `` crumbling '' are liars . 
  he was offered a plea deal where he would only serve 6 months in a minimum security prison but he rejected it and then killed himself before the trial . 
  i do n't think this is really comparable . 
  europe has already passed the `` political correctness is out of control ! '', 
  phase and is now in the `` jackbooted government thugs will punish you for saying or thinking the wrong thing '' phase . 
  if they are doing it for social cohesion then it does n't seem to be working , based on the constant terrorist attacks , strikes and riots . 
  it 's a weird country that can put a man in space but not make bubblegum . 
  bulgaria is almost 10x poorer than sweden in gdp per capita . 
   in 2015 there were 29 attacks on media in germany , 12 of those incidents were connected with the far right . 
  so , the right wing is responsible for less than 50 % of the attacks on journalists ? 
  i wonder what wing the other attacks are coming from ? 
  also they included graffiti on their list of `` violent attacks '' . 
  when the left wing does this it 's called `` art '' and they get documentaries made about them . 
  kind of funny how throwing a few punches and some spray paint is enough tarnish the entire right wing but when muslims repeatedly commit mass murder the lefties go all #notallmuslims . 
  it was a pipe dream anyway . 
  europe needs to band together and collectively defend their own borders . 
  bribing other countries to do it could never have worked . 
  how about just `` no entry '' ? 
  no see when golden dawn gets 7 % of the vote it 's proof that nazis have taken over europe and want to build a new berlin wall . 
  but when 20 % of young muslims support isis then it 's just a small minority that we do n't have to worry about . 
  the media calling the sd and fn far right : http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2015/12/13/459589303/far-right-national-front-falls-short-in-french-elections http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35088276 http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34784424, 
  the swedish democrats and national front are both fairly boring overall but if you listen to npr they are the nsdap . 
  trump in the us wanted to stop muslims from immigrating in the wake of two horrific attacks within a couple weeks and i have n't heard the end of it . 
  yeah but `` far right '' used to mean nazis . 
  now the media calls anyone who wants to restrict immigration far right . 
  and if you think our current policies are a stable ideology then you have n't been paying much attention .
