  ceaseless terrorist attacks and sharia police are the opposite of stable . 
   this year 's four-fold increase - compared to last year - amounted to 817 attacks on buildings sheltering asylum seekers , including arson , property damage , ** racist propaganda and incitement ** . 
  so saying or writing something mean now counts as an `` attack '' ? 
  the us and britain did use diplomatic pressure to secure a better peace treaty for the you from the soviets . 
  the us does allow workers to come to the wealthy side and they still moved the factories to the poor side . 
  open borders do n't work . 
  it 's easy to be popular when you do n't have to participate in the election or put forth any policy proposals for people to criticize . 
  people project whatever they want onto him and think about how much better he is than the ones who actually have to go out and make speeches . 
  if he was actually in the race he would n't be nearly that popular , especially after people found out it his tax plan means the average american takes a 10 % pay cut . 
  i 'm glad you live in europe too . 
  they announced the investigation ages ago . 
  they recently announced that they found new evidence , because that is when they found the evidence . 
  if hillary had been upfront with everyone when she was originally subpoenaed this would n't have been an issue . 
  she had a bunch of emails deleted instead of turning them over and it keeps getting back in the news as more evidence is discovered . 
  that 's not the fbi 's fault . 
  yes how dare they investigate crimes . 
  i 'm so triggered, 
  nothing about the german language makes sense . 
  i vote latin for maximum logic . 
  that 's what people said before the last referendum . 
  yeah i guess not having nudity on daytime tv is pretty much the same as going to prison for insulting a politician . 
  it wo n't crash the economy because they will get a bailout somehow . 
  i do n't think we should go easy on eu companies while europe is fining every american company they can get their hands on . 
  why is that stupid fire alarm still going off ? 
  the room i 'm in is just fine . 
  so has hillary . 
  pretty sure their heirs would . 
  i doubt anyone was worried that the commies sent 2 delegates . 
  right , the us and other occupying powers first fired , imprisoned or executed anyone that would disagree with them . 
  then they allowed the germans to write up a constitution similar to other western countries and looked it over before approving it . 
  if the us/uk had n't approved it would have been back to the drawing board . 
  similar to what happened in iraq in a lot of ways . 
   we 're not the us . 
  well we did create your government from scratch . 
  the lives of others, 
  you must be joking . 
  major news channels call trump a facist/nazi/racist / psycho all day long . 
  they are absolutely hysterical . 
  where did you get the idea he is treated with kid gloves ? 
  i feel like people bring this up to imply that republicans are sitting around on welfare while hypocritically voting against it for others . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  democrats are far more likely to get government aid to and to be unemployed than republicans . 
  the ones voting for big government are the ones who benefit from it the most while contributing nothing . 
  right but you do n't have to know programming to go on that site . 
  less than 40 % of the challenges they are looking at are in the `` algorithms '' category which is the only one you need to know programming for . 
  the others are basically tutorials where you need no prior programming experience . 
  the other major problem is that these challenges go from very easy to difficult . 
  knowing the score someone gets is useless unless you also look at the difficulty . 
  it 's an english language site so anyone in from an english speaking country can jump on and try , but if you are bulgarian you need to at least read english so the least educated are weeded out . 
  i bet that explains a lot of the difference . 
  that 's essentially how it works in the us , except that instead of being framed as `` childless people pay more taxes '' it 's `` people with kids pay less taxes '' , but it amounts to the same thing . 
  in my opinion it 's more of a cultural issue than an economics issue . 
  if people really want kids i think they will make it work , even if they are poor . 
  if they do n't want kids i doubt an extra few thousand a year would convince them . 
  or maybe the french government could do its job and protect the people of france from foreign invaders . 
  why would we need to import people to spend money ? 
  give me the national credit card and i 'll spend it for free . 
  and as an added bonus i promise not to rape or suicide bomb anybody . 
  when the balkan countries save germany by closing their borders , and then germany calls them racist . 
  there is n't a fixed number of migrants that you can take to solve problem . 
  the more you let in , the more will want to come . 
  if those 2 million enter then they write their friends and family back home and tell them how great it is and next year it 's another 2 million . 
  you ca n't solve this problem by migration unless you are willing to take in half the population of africa and most of the middle east . 
  it 's so frustrating to talk to european immigrants in the us who left because they could n't find work and then they support the same socialist policies here that ruined their homeland . 
  i wonder how much of this is due to the central government siphoning money from the provinces and spending it in the capital , making the capital seem artificially rich and the rest of the country poorer . 
  i bet a lot of people in paris and london are employed by the national government . 
   `` deeply troubling , as it would effectively constitute a transfer of revenue to the eu from the us government and its taxpayers '' . 
  that would be terrible . 
  it sure is a good thing the us government does n't send billions of dollars of taxpayer money to foreign governments . 
  that 's not true . 
  there have only been 500 fatal shark attacks since 1958 . 
  in 2016 there were almost 2000 terrorist attack deaths during ramadan alone . 
  in horse racing the favorite often only has 5-1 or 6-1 odds . 
  it 's the same here . 
  in most events the difference between 1st and 4th place is so small that lots of people have a realistic chance of winning . 
  clearly a racist . 
  that 's not too shabby . 
  do you also get free room and board ? 
  the pope does not say that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/why_didn%27t_you_invest_in_eastern_poland%3f e : also http://www.somethingawful.com/photoshop-phriday/invest-eastern-poland/1/, 
  we could easily protect it but choose not to because it provides a steady stream of loyal democrat voters . 
  black people commit way more murders per capita, 
   the extreme right claims that all muslims are terrorists nobody says that . 
  the left likes to pretend they do though because it 's easier to argue against a strawman . 
  one guy with a truck killing 80 people is `` inefficient '' ? 
  most terrorists who use guns and bombs do n't manage to kill that many . 
  it 's not like isis has a military capable of attacking western countries conventionally . 
  the us invaded afghanistan in 2001 and iraq in 2003 . 
  the migrant crisis started in 2015 , 12 years later . 
  and only a small fraction are even coming from iraq or afghanistan . 
  are you kidding ? 
  that may be the point of some terrorism but not the recent stuff in france and the us . 
  do you seriously think this guy was pondering what % of their gdp france would lose when he drove his truck into a crowd or that omar cared about what shooting a bunch of gays would do to obama 's approval rating ? 
  the purpose of these attacks is to kill people because that is what the koran tells them to do to infidels . 
  i doubt european immigrants to the us had a 50 % unemployment rate . 
   the court official described the one-year suspended sentence as `` lenient '' . 
  `` had she been a muslim woman , she would have received at least five years in jail . 
  no one can get out of such charges here in qatar , '' he said . 
  so really the punishment for a woman is far , far harsher than for a man . 
  she just got off light because she 's from the west .
