  it would just be buffered on the cache so hdd speed wont matter . 
  when you get to the realm of high quality linux distros , that are about 40gb , that does n't work . 
  here 's why : - torrents dont download sequential data and dont write sequentially on the drive . 
  it 's random write . 
  the random writes on hdds are abysmal . 
  - not only are you downloading , but you are also seeding that file and many others . 
  this takes up a lot of the disk 's throughput . 
  right now , i 'm uploading with 22.1 mb/sec . 
  - after you 've downloaded the linux distro , you may want to watch it . 
  while downloading something else . 
  while seeding . 
  all this will drive down the write speed considerably . 
  all of the above are still ok if you have a dedicated hdd for torrents . 
  if you dont and you are also loading up games while downloading and uploading , yeah ... , good luck seeing more than 20-30mb / sec write speed . 
  around a minute , maybe 2 . 
  your bottleneck becomes the hdd used to save the torrents , not the connection speed . 
  not really , we got lucky , most of them left to ~ ~ steal ~ ~ work in western europe . 
  only a few gypsies left now compared to what was 30 years ago . 
  keep them . 
  the games have always been 60euro here . 
  steam loves us , it considers us a western europe country when it comes to pricing . 
  because your brain will release endorphin if the [ bliss point ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bliss_point_\\ ( food \\ ) ) is reached, 
  that traffic light system is stupid . 
  what i consider `` green '' as someone who does keto for 2.5 years ( butter , lard , cheese , all meats and all green vegetables ) goes against what someone who 's a vegetarian might consider `` green '' . 
  the label should have all the details you need to make an informed decision . 
  the traffic light will only shift the market from some foods to others , like the low fat craze did in the 80s in us . 
  doesnt matter that the food was crap , was low fat . 
  watch this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r7x-rgfd0yk, 
  yey , we 're first . 
  downloading legal linux distros via torrent . 
  a lot of medals are awarded just for participation , you can check / r/military for details . 
  this happens in all countries . 
  they would black out the nipples in us , its all good . 
  well , you have to be delusional to think that fat is beautiful . 
  in that case , banning or not banning a poster on a bus will make 0 difference for that specific person . 
  i dont agree . 
  i used to be really fat , 30kg more than i am now . 
  i did n't lose weight because i wanted to be healthier , i just wanted to look better . 
  we are all different , some people will react better to `` be healthy '' while others will be motivated by vanity . 
  in the end , the result is what matters . 
  this really sucks for the turkish people , hope things will get better soon . 
  i visited turkey twice and loved it both times ( istanbul and bodrum ) , would have gladly went there again this year , but giving the shit that 's been going on there i probably wont come back anytime soon . 
  it 's neutral . 
  in theory , we have left and right parties . 
  in reality , we have the same type of thieves who migrate from party to party , depending on where they have the most chances of wining the most profitable seat . 
  so today you might be left , tomorrow a democrat , whatever brings in the best opportunities . 
  some say that the left party , psd , is the most corrupt one , but looking at the numbers of open cases by our anti-corruption agency , it seems everyone steals about the same . 
  edit : to give more context about both left and right being the same : - both kiss all the icons and grab all the priests they can during election times because they know that 's what sells to the old people . 
  - both are pro eu - all our political parties have been , at times , allied with each other or enemies , because that was what suited their interest better . 
  - both ignore the constitution and both had high value members arrested and convicted of various corruption cases . 
  while i understand your point , i really dont agree with it . 
   actually laying down a line ( if belatedly ) regarding chemical weapon usage there 's still no proof provided by anyone that the attack was indeed with chemical weapons.it does n't make sense because assad is winning using conventional means so why risk a retaliation for such a small gain ? 
  i dont want to minimize the impact on those people , but more civilians die in syria in a regular week in car bombs , svbieds , rocket attacks , etc. 
  on the other hand , even if there 's no proof , i would n't put it past some of the people in syria 's military/government simply based on their track record . 
  but again , it does n't really make sense from a tactical point of view . 
   russia should n't be allowed to stand in the way of that besides the political points , like russia actually being one of the only 2 countries who have a legitimate reason for being there ( with iran a 2nd ) the reality is simple : while russia does have a shit economy , they have nukes . 
  more than enough to obliterate the human race . 
  so if russia wants to be involved , no one will stop them . 
   escalation would be a disaster for russia escalation would be a disaster for everyone , not just russia . 
   if anything , the signal that assad ca n't simply hide behind russia should lead to iran ( assad 's real patron ) and/or russia either muzzling assad , or finding a more compliant puppet hard to do in a country where only the cult of personality is seen as powerful . 
  who you 're going to put in charge and have everyone be ok with ? 
  assad 's brother , the one everyone agrees is a psychopath ? 
  a moderate rebel figure head that wo n't hold any power over the hardliner islamists that started to dominate the rebellion since 2015 ? 
  maltese women must be really something special . 
  i think its worse than during communism tbh . 
  during those times , we knew about the propaganda and most people ignored it . 
  now , because it 's not forced , most do n't stop to question it . 
  i kind of makes sense to be honest . 
  why would an average citizen in france care about something that does n't directly impact him today ? 
  its the same for us here , the only times we hear about france is when some nut-job terrorist does some crazy shit or you have a riot where you burn cars . 
  the current pm is just a puppet , whatever he thinks does n't matter . 
  the only reason this decree was made was to clear the party leader 's name because that party leader wants to become the pm and he could n't do that because of a previous conviction . 
  and also he has a trial in a few days that might add even more dirt on him . 
  i think that in psd ( the party that won the elections and gave us this pm and this decree ) there 's a huge internal struggle between those few who would have benefited enourmously from this , and the others who ~ ~ did n't have time to steal as much ~ ~ are clean . 
  the clean ones feel their popular support is slipping and they are not getting anything in return . 
  i 'm 99 % sure this is what 's going on , there were a lot of resignations by important members in these past few days . 
  and i 'm romanian , i 'm not an idealist , i know they did n't resign because they feel the cause is unjust : they resigned because they were getting fucked without getting payed . 
  is the coat of arms of the constanta region . 
  the romanian coa is an eagle that incorporates the coa of its smaller regions . 
  ca n't speak for everyone , but when i was in school and they made us take this test , they also told us that it wo n't influence our grades in any way . 
  was mandatory to show up , but not to actually do it . 
  so from about 24 students , i think over 20 of us just signed in , took the paper and gave it back . 
  we then went home . 
  again , not saying everyone in romania does this , but at least all the people i know have treated the test as a way to get off school faster . 
  maybe they should hire little boys to serve food , i bet the vatican would be all over that mcdonalds . 
  not surprised at all . 
  first time i went to england i could n't believe the train prices . 
  i stayed in reading and went to london twice , once to cardiff and once to bath . 
  after we did the math , we realized it would have been way cheaper to rent a car . 
  the shooter is , conveniently , dead . 
  still looks like shit near the louvre . 
  if it were anywhere else , maybe . 
  but why they decided to ignore the aesthetic of the palace and go for this modern monstrosity right next to it , it 's beyond my understanding . 
  no , and no party even thinks of discussing a change of attitude towards russia . 
  they fucked us in the first world war , stole the romanian thesaurus they were supposed to keep safe , really fucked us in the second world war and brought us 45 years communism . 
  this is one thing most romanians agree upon . 
  this and the gypsies . 
  it 's not a waste of resources . 
  once i finish reading it , i can pass it on to a friend/colegue and he will do the same . 
  since its paper , you can read it anywhere .
