  i 'm on my 3rd switch in 2 years : my old 100mb died 2 years ago , got it replaced . 
  4 months later , the ips upgraded the speed - for free - to 200 . 
  had to replace it . 
  now , i have 500mb/s . 
  i cant be bothered to upgrade to 1gb , 60mb/sec download on steam is good enough . 
  it 's ok , it 's because you 're still on dial-up , takes a long time to get information on that 128k line, 
  come visit the balkans - where everyone fucks everyone !, 
  in bucharest its almost impossible to get a 100 line now . 
  the lowest offer is 200 . 
  depending on your ips , you have either 200/500/1gps lines in most big cities . 
  its the country side thats dragging us down with their 20-50mbs lines ... 
  i pay about 8-9 euro / month for 500mb line . 
  to put it in perspective , its 2 movie tickets or 3 kebabs . 
  not expensive at all for what i 'm getting . 
  +1 holy damage aura for nearby units, 
   gun ownership has absolutely no effect on the murder rate do you know how many mass shootings we had in romania last week ? 
  or last year ? 
  it 's 0 !, 
  want to know why ? 
  because it 's fucking impossible to get a gun . 
  all countries have crazy people , blaming the mass shootings on mental health problem is a straw man argument . 
  we have crazy people here too . 
  it 's just much harder for a crazy romanian armed with a shovel or knife to kill 30-50 kids in a school than it is for someone who can buy a gun . 
  the cynic in me has a feeling all this bullshit initiated by turkey 's ruling party is just a smoke screen to hide some other crap that goes on in their country . 
  maybe a turk can let us know if that 's the case . 
  ca n't say i feel too bad about it either . 
  if there 's one guy from congo who speaks romanian , fuck it , he deserves to be here . 
  it 's not necessary , head over to / r/keto or / r/zerocarb . 
  i agree with / u/noxav , it 's fine in moderate amounts , but not at all necessary . 
  5 billion euro ? 
  you guys are n00b $ !, 
  really ? 
  i thought they were bombing shit because of how much they love the west . 
  less than 1 % of romanians are muslims , and most of them are as romanian as i am . 
  their families have been here for hundreds of years , so they are nothing like what you find in western europe . 
  i have 1 acquaintance that 's muslim : he drinks , he eats pork , he doesnt even know a single prayer . 
  his family is the same . 
  you were n't here in the '90s . 
  we had over 300 % yearly inflation rate and no , that 's not a typo . 
  in ' 93 , our gdp was only about 5 % higher than papua new guinea 's . 
  being poor is no excuse for being fucked up in the head . 
  i think we have like ... 5 . 
  no , it wont happen . 
  we made the news for having 2 refugees missing the route to hungary and when they found out they are actually in romania , they started crying https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3l51xi/two_afghan_immigrants_got_lost_in_serbia_and/ we 're safe . 
  going legit , paying for someone and still having to use vpn is dumb . 
  it 's like buying a game and hunting the torrent sites for a crack . 
  you either buy it and have everything working without you doing anything special , or torrent and ... have everything working without me doing anything special . 
  torrenting is way faster than you describe . 
  it takes me around 40 seconds to download an hd source of 1.5 gb . 
  11 euro for the hd version ? 
  and you dont even get the newest shows on the day they air ? 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  decided is not the correct term to use . 
  they did n't attend any form of education so they ca n't find any jobs . 
  most of them dont know how to read or write . 
  since they do n't have these skills , they dont make their kids go to school either , they see it as pointless . 
  now , their kids are condemned to live like that . 
  during the communist times the police would force them to at least go the first 4 grades to school ( learn to read , write and basic mathematics ) . 
  now , they are not forced so they just do n't go . 
  since they can only live from subsistence agriculture , they make more kids to help out with the work . 
  they dont go to the city-hall to make ids for their kids , so they ca n't receive any kind of aid - they do n't exist from a bureaucracy point of view . 
  the dude goes out for a run , decides to do a nice thing for his girlfriend and runs into a hipster photographer . 
  private hospital . 
  for a public one , the birth would have been * free . 
  some ~ ~ bribes ~ ~ gifts would be required in the public hospitals to make sure the nurses come and check on you often , or stuff like that . 
  in bucharest , not so much anymore , a lot of them are scared right now about accepting ~ ~ bribes ~ ~ gifts , but in the smaller towns it 's a must . 
  i 'd say , the free one will cost you about 100-150 $ if you want your bed-sheets changed at least once a day and a decent amount of comfort . 
  if you ca n't afford it , you 'll be ok health-wise , but you wo n't enjoy the stay . 
  wow , that is expensive . 
  wonder why that is , there are not a lot of expressive drugs used and the procedure itself is trivial . 
  a normal birth would have been about 1100 $ . 
  same 3 day stay in the hospital , same care , food , etc. 
  my wife gave birth via a c-section at a private hospital : 3 days stay , all things included , from the operation itself to the foot massage she got : about 1.300 $ . 
  only difference was that carthage had no nukes and no way of projecting their power other than the navy . 
  trump said a lot of stuff to get the voters . 
  one of the benefits of being romanian , you dont get hung up on what politicians say during election times . 
  hell , even italians know this feeling . 
   putin literally has nothing to lose . 
  what ? 
  he is one of the wealthiest man alive and has rules over a world power with an iron fist . 
  he has everything to lose in the event of an war . 
   no one in europe gained from ww1 or ww2 either again , what ? 
  lots of countries exist today because of ww1 . 
  russia got bumped from the big thing in the east that no one cared about really until the 1900s to the world power status in just 40 years . 
   do heavy espionage and meddling in all western democracies this is being done by all countries , all the time . 
  it 's silly to think that only russia does it . 
   they seem to have a clear agenda and narrative pushed to the population that the economic problems are due to the west and usa just like the west pushes the agenda of the big bad russia that 's bent on world conquest . 
  both lie and exaggerate to get their point across . 
  when did russia tried to hide the soldiers sent in syria ? 
  visit / r/syriancivilwar and you 'll see tons of pictures , live interviews , etc. 
  they kind of are . 
  [ here is an image ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/sugarstacks/colas.jpg ) that shows you just how much 50g of sugar ( what you find in the regular 0.5 l bottles ) actually looks like the main point is that most people have no idea and when they realise , they are stunned . 
  i know a lot of my friends stopped drinking cola & co once they realised just how much sugar they were drinking . 
  there 's one thing to eat a cake because you want something sweet : you 'll know you ate it , at least you have some facts . 
  but you can easily drink 2l of cola per day on top of your normal meals . 
  you hated the night shift anyway . 
  i can understand austria , that dude killed a name and a mustache style , but poor romania ? 
  for us vlad \u021aepe\u0219 is a national hero . 
  that 's only in theory , real life is different . 
  now , your reasoning is sound if you 're only downloading something really small , like a 700mb linux distro .
