  saying `` allah akbar '' when they receive aid/food/accommodations : normal reaction saying `` allah akbar '' when they toss bricks and demolish barricades : fucked up mentality . 
  that 's called a good business plan . 
  the need for your job never rans out . 
  we bless the shit out of everything here . 
   what are you going to do germany ? 
  fill trains [ ... ] and send them in eastern europe ? 
  would n't be the first time in history they did this ... 
  neah , just another monday in europe . 
  i wonder what will be on during next week 's episode . 
  that 's us , somehow i 'm not surprised . 
  as a romanian , i disagree . 
  i dont care if some think of themselves as `` moldavian '' . 
  they are still romanians so we ( romania ) should help them if we are able to . 
  since smurd ( an emergency rescue service ) is one of the few things we all agree is great , i 'm happy we can help them out and expand it there as well . 
  damn , with that money we could have built at least 200 meters of highway , even 250 since next year we have elections . 
  i ' t the extension of the silk road introduced in the latest patch !, 
  / r/crusaderkings represent !, 
  indians produce tea -  russians drink tea  crimea is russian now -  indians are just securing their trade route . 
  confirmed indian tanks !, 
   that the us went to iraq for the oil and power projection but not for helping the population or anything like that !, 
  well , it 's not a conspiracy theory if its the truth . 
  two reasons : the fines are huge , and it 's legal to keep the item and not pay for it if you dont get the receipt . 
  we use it as you guys use green leafy salad . 
  it 's really cheap , tasty , easy to store and stays fresh for a decent amount of time without doing anything special to it . 
  you can get about 3kg for 1 euro . 
  you 're on / r/europe . 
  politically correctness is not something we care about . 
  yeah , `` eu '' is the correct , literal term , but `` io '' is more commonly used during informal talks . 
  your tourism industry is literally booming in the east now . 
  the measure was twofold . 
  one was the lottery , the other was a new law that allows you to keep the item without paying for it if the seller will not issue a receipt . 
  for example , you go to a restaurant and for the check they bring you a blank piece of paper with only the total , you are entitled by law to get up and leave without paying . 
  or if you buy a shirt/chocolate/cheese / car whatever and they dont issue a receipt , you can keep the item without paying . 
  so , now people actively ask for the receipts because the possible winnings are quite high ( about 10 times the minimum salary ) and the sellers will give you one because otherwise you might just refuse to pay for the item and just keep it . 
  so , to answer your question , yes . 
  everywhere i go now i get a receipt . 
  so the state does make some money that last year would have just vanished . 
  the initial post contained a phrase saying something like `` if the allies helped germany after ww2 , why are they not doing the same for greece now '' . 
  paraphrasing , ca n't remember the exact wording . 
  i see the op has been edited since yesterday . 
  as a romanian , reading this makes me bitter . 
  the greek gdp is more than twice what we have , with half the population . 
  yet you are still complaining and believing populist politicians . 
  you fail to realize that your most serious issue is the crazy tax evasion you have : a study by researchers from the university of chicago concluded that tax evasion in 2009 by self-employed professionals alone in greece accountants , dentists , lawyers , doctors , personal tutors and independent financial advisers was $ 28 billion or 31 % of the budget deficit that year ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_evasion_and_corruption_in_greece#extent_of_greek_tax_evasion ) you also have unsustainable social spending in extremely high pensions - [ an average 882 euros per month ] ( http://greece.greekreporter.com/2015/06/26/eurostat-greek-pensions-average-e882/ ) . 
  that 's over 15 % higher than the average pension in germany !, 
  your country received some extremely efficient loans , but instead of using them to try and fix some of your problems , they simply vanished . 
  vote whatever you want , it 's your right . 
  but dont lie to yourself by saying your country is now in any way similar to germany after ww2 . 
  nope , i would n't . 
  mainly because of all the cultural weirdness that us has over countries in eu . 
  meat and fat wo n't make you fat , quite the contrary . 
  haha , well , until catalunya is official , i 'll stick with what was written on my plane ticket  . 
  the only really crowded places were gaudi 's cathedral and some of the other buildings designed by him , the ones in the gaudi park . 
  but that was to be expected . 
  ( and these were the things i liked the least of the entire trip ) i spent about 2 days wondering around , on foot , with my girlfriend . 
  in one day , the pedometer app told me i did 25km . 
  so . . it 's safe to say we ventured a bit further than where the normal tourists would go . 
  ok , then who ? 
  and how do you judge ? 
  was it constantine because it helped spread christianity , was it augustus because he was the first ? 
  i explained why i consider him the most successful . 
  if you disagree , that 's fine . 
  but at least give some insight into your thought process . 
  it 's a romantic way of looking at history , but has some roots in truth : - trajan was the most successful roman emperor , ever . 
  during his reign the empire reached it 's peak , at least if we look at the landmass it occupied . 
  yeah , he conquered dacia , but we 're ok with that , after all the dacians were not conquered by a random dude , he was most important emperor of the most important empire in europe 's ( if not the world 's ) history . 
  it 's like messi kicking your ass at football . 
  yeah , you lost , but you cant really be mad about it . 
  - our language is latin . 
  the grammar , most of the words , the structure , everything . 
  this obviously would n't have been possible without the roman conquest . 
  since it happened under trajan , he gets bonus points . 
  - it makes things easy to explain , we say that we 're descended from dacians and romans . 
  the truth is a lot more complex , with a lot of other migratory tribes crossing what is today romania 's borders and leaving their marks . 
  but it 's just easier this way . 
  - differentiate ourselves from our slavic neighbors . 
  even though about 25-30 % of the vocabulary is slavic in origin . 
  the part about trajan killing a lot of dacians , as you 've mentioned , it 's relative to those times . 
  the dacians were not angels either , raiding roman territories as much as they could . 
  ( today 's bulgaria , or moesia at it was called back then ) . 
  they even forced a truce from rome 's emperor domitian and got a lot of gold and technology in return for peace . 
  ** spain . 
  ** went to barcelona for about 5 days , i heard it was nice , but i dont know why , i did n't expect too much . 
  damn , was i wrong . 
  beautiful city , very relaxed , lots of open spaces , really friendly people . 
  would definitely go again . 
  as a romanian reading the title `` romania turns hacking - * oh what the fuck did we do now * - crisis into advantage , helping ukraine - * wtf , are we stealing from ukranians now ?? 
  * read the article : romania stronk !, 
  for me , its about 10 euro , + / - 1 . 
  that 's about one and a half movie tickets or 3 kebabs , to put it in perspective . 
  http://www.speedtest.net/result/4348830835.png you can get 1gb/sec for about 3-5 more euro , but there 's no real point . 
  my download hdd already struggles when downloads reach 60-65mb / sec . 
  this is because a 1024x768 or a 20mega pixel image will load in the same amount of time for us . 
  i did n't even noticed the size until i read your comment . 
  i so hope he goes to jail , but i bet nothing will come of it in the end . 
  it never does . 
  obscurity is his best reward . 
  we dont want to create traffic to his site , he will start to take himself seriously . 
  if no one knows about him , he has 10-20 views per week . 
  no one gives a fuck .
