  german tribes used to inhabit parts of the country in the 6th-8th century . 
  lots of germans moved to transylvania during the middle-ages and they kept their culture to this day . 
  even though germany is far away , we 've always had german people close and historically , romanians and germans never had issues . 
  yeah , there 's not a lot of respect for people who do n't stand up for their beliefs . 
  this article does n't sound convincing at all . 
  the `` source '' does n't say anything about how they actually took down the plane and there 's nothing in his testimony that makes me believe him . 
  also , the `` pro-russian rebel '' is not admitting anything . 
  he just says that 's what he heard from others . 
  i still dont understand why we dont have radar images from nato . 
  i 'm sure they are monitoring that area constantly and there 's no way they would miss that rocket . 
  that would be an undeniable proof . 
  but no , what we have now is some random dude saying unverifiable stuff and normal political rhetoric : the west blaming russia , russia blaming the west and everyone agreeing that the ukrainians are unable to control their county . 
  one night should be enough in any city , except bucharest . 
  i dont know about the hostel prices , never stayed in one . 
  as far as food goes , you really should try : * sarmale : minced meat and rice wrapped in cabbage and cooked in the oven . 
  various other condiments are used , but these are the main ingredients . 
  * mamaliga ( polenta ) : cornmeal boiled into a porridge with added heavy cream , eggs , butter and sheep cheese . 
  in transilvania you can ask for `` bulz '' - same thing , they add bacon . 
  * ciorba de fasole : beans soup with smoked beef and in transilvania it comes inside a bread `` plate '' . 
  weird to describe , but trust me , it 's awesome . 
  there are more , but these i 'd consider a `` must try '' . 
  hope you have fun , 
  for romania , you really should n't miss : * danube 's delta : its amazing and you cant really see something like it anywhere else in europe . 
  * bucovina in the north of the country has a great scenery and some really old churches ( 5-600 + years old ) that are part of unesco . 
  the paintings are really cool and well worth the visit to at least 1-2 of them . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/churches_of_moldavia * in the middle of the country you have brasov , sighisoara and sibiu . 
  all are medieval cities that look great and , in my opinion , sibiu is one of the best looking cities we have . 
  well , the historical center that is . 
  near brasov ( 30-40km ) you have bran and rasnov ( a castle and a citadel ) . 
  * bucharest has some really great museums that you can visit and the center of the town looks really great . 
  but it should n't take you more than 2 days to visit it all . 
  * if you 're going from bucharest to the middle of the country , make sure you go through transfagarasan . 
  there 's a reason topgear called it the best road in the world . 
  also , you 'll get to see the vidraru dam , the biggest ( i think ) we have . 
  * the most amazing natural site for me was the apuseni national park . 
  it was the first time in my life when no matter where i looked , all i could see were just forests . 
  * in maramures you can visit the sapanta cemetery , also known as the happy cemetery . 
  tbh , i dont know if it 's worth it for you because all the jokes written on the crosses and graves are in romanian and some are hard to translate . 
  * alba-iulia is also a nice city featuring the biggest citadel in romania . 
  the citadel is newer , what you can see now is from around the 17th-18th century . 
  but the city itself has been there for about 2000years so you can also visit a roman fort , within the citadel . 
  accommodations usually cost around 25-35 euros per night , per room . 
  the trains are slow and always have delays , you are better off getting a bus between cities . 
  crime is not really an issue here , you can walk home at 3:00 am and no one will bother you . 
  just use common sense in crowded place and keep your wallet safe from gypsies . 
  local food is fatty and full of meat . 
  hope you 're not a vegetarian or you 'll have a bad trip . 
  beer is cheap ( on average , around 1l for 1euro at supermarkets , or 0.5 l for 1.5 euros at restaurants ), 
  you 'll be safe from gypsies in romania , most of them went to western europe and they are fucking shit up there . 
  in romania things are very safe , but you will have some language problems outside of the big cities . 
  if you speak italian or french things should be easier for you . 
  what kind of suggestions are you looking for ? 
  really nice article , thanks for sharing . 
  its really amazing to see how russia managed to get crimea with such a low investment . 
  yeah , things went bad for this guy 's regiment , but in the grand scheme of things , they dont matter . 
  the cost of training them was negligible and apart for a few weapons and khaki cloths , russia didnt lose anything . 
  i find it really fascinating to read about the different `` work mentality '' russia has when it comes to annexing territories . 
  they dont `` bring freedom '' and spend billions on `` pacifying terrorists '' with drones - they use ultra low cost actions with maximum results . 
  oh for fuck sake , can we stop with the stupid putin bashing ? 
  now you are trying to make him sound like a nazi sympathizer ? 
  really ? 
  russia lost more man in ww2 then any other country . 
  label them commies , that 's ok . 
  but nazi ? 
  and yeah , strictly speaking , goebbels was great at his job . 
  we ca n't condone what he did , but he was very efficient . 
  from what i 've learned in school many , many years ago , this is a thracian and roman custom . 
  and since both bulgaria and romania used to be inhabited by thracians and then conquered by rome , i dont think its a matter of who came up with it first . 
  romania : martisor http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/martisor on 1st of march man give out `` martisoare '' to all the women they know . 
  from their mother to the 70 year old neighbor . 
  the most important part of it is the red and white string , not the jewel . 
  the most common jewel designs are horseshoe , chimney cleaner or a snowdrop . 
  their price is fairly cheep , you can get 3-4 for 1 euro . 
  some people tend to buy more expensive ones ( silver plated , gold plated ) , but in the last years there 's been a nice resurgence of tradition and people accentuate the symbol ( the red and white string ) and dont care so much about the jewel . 
  most women will wear the string on their hand for a few weeks . 
  in some regions the string is tied to the blossoming trees , to welcome the spring . 
  but we also had most of the beggars leave the country and go somewhere else so not all bad . 
  it would suck . 
  the great part about europe is that if you travel 500km in any direction , you will encounter a different culture . 
  no one will want to give up their heritage . 
  what language will we use ? 
  english ? 
  why not latin , vatican is in europe as well . 
  take any people in europe , they can trace their heritage at least 1000 years back . 
  you will have to be retarded to give something like that up . 
  europe is not us , we were not settled in a few years by colonists from other countries . 
  the current system might improve and expand , but without a major conflict to re-draw all the borders , eu will never become `` use '' . 
  i agree , i dont care how they calculate it , but its obviously wrong . 
  yeah , its a really dumb map . 
  you have countries that are always at war or that `` bring freedom '' to other places marked as medium . 
  us is marked as medium , just like belarus for example . 
  yeah , i dont care how they measure it , its wrong . 
  never drank blood in my life -  worst vampire ever !, 
  man , if i were gay and serb , this would 've been awesome news . 
  can you imagine , having the power to flood 2 countries , just because you are gay ? 
  fuck , i 'm jealous now . 
  at best , i can only flood my bathroom . 
  ok , i understand for turks , they are a different ethnic group . 
  but irish not white ? 
  they are half vikings , half celts , how do you get whiter than that ?
