  til that romanians are a different race !, 
  guess it 's too hard to teach journalists the difference between racism and xenophobia . 
  let me plan a response to you about our planning 's planning . 
  `` romania plans to '' is totally different than `` romania to boost defence spending '' . 
  * we also plan to have 3 new highways . 
  we 've been planning for 20 years . 
  * we also plan to improve the country infrastructure . 
  we 've been planning for over 20 years . 
  * we 've been planning to lower vat for over 12 years . 
  still planning now . 
  and the examples can continue . 
  who cares what basescu says ? 
  yeah , definitely . 
  and greece was in a much better shape than ukraine is - economically speaking . 
  average income in 2013 was 315 euros for ukraine and 818 for greece . 
  tough times are ahead for ukraine . 
  what they 've experienced so far will seem like childsplay . 
  i `` m really curious as to how the ukrainians will react when the vat will go up , the retirement age will go up , all the prices will increase and they wo n't actually gain anything . 
  no offense , but your current president has n't been elected yet . 
  it was appointed . 
  that 's a big difference . 
  right now , ukraine is as much of a democracy as it was before the revolts . 
  i hope things work out for you , ( ukraine ) but you should be happy the russians didnt use force at all . 
  just look at how the west got democracy in irak , afganistan , lybia , etc. 
  i am actually surprised by how well the russians were organised and how they pulled it off without killing innocent people . 
  dont delude yourselfs , eu or us wont come to help . 
  no one will mess with the russians while they supply so much gas to the entire eu and while they have so many nukes . 
  all wars are just about profit . 
  and there 's no profit in fighting russia . 
  none at all . 
  eu might impose some weird ass economic sanctions , the russians will increase the gas price , nothing will change in the end . 
  ukraine will still suffer while the rest of the western countries will make `` stern declarations of friendship and condemn the russian actions '' . 
  as much as you may not agree , ukraine doesnt matter for the west in the way you hope it does . 
  us got to destabilise a country under the russian influence , the russians got pissed and got crimeea , and you - the ukrainian people - are just pawns in a bigger game . 
  can we stop with these titles ? 
  seriously , terrorists now ? 
  ok , dont call them freedom fighters like us calls their tropes when they are ~ ~ invading ~ ~ bringing democracy to a country , but find a middle ground . 
  soldiers would make the most sense . 
  you want the `` politically correct '' reason or the real one ? 
  * politically correct : you are free to express your opinion in any way , shape or form as long as your opinion does not blindly discriminates against an entire group of people based solely on personal experience . 
  you have a british flair , so this would be like your queen saying something like `` we know the pakistanis are all terrorists '' . 
  so free to say it , but it doesnt mean you should actually say it . 
  * real reason : no one in romania gives a fuck about politically correctness . 
  seriously . 
  much less so when it involves the gypsies . 
  the only reason this ( the ticket ) happened is because elections are coming up and each side tries to embarrass the other . 
  to all the romanians : next year , no traffic problems !, 
  wasted 3 minutes , didnt see any police violence . 
  why the protesters were protesting is not relevant to this video , the police seemed very professional to me . 
  my tip : dont do it like you planned it . 
  skip london if you want florence and rome . 
  only 10 days are not enough and london isnt such a big deal anyway . 
  get more of italy done in those 10 days , lots of places to see . 
  `` those problems with dambovita and the lakes and the lack of highways , i 'm pretty sure they would have been taken care of 10 times better if a communist regime did n't existed in romania . '', 
  * not really an option since after ww2 the only form of government could 've only been communism due to our proximity to ussr . 
  again , please dont go all democracy crazy and say that something else could 've happened . 
  it could n't . 
  before the war , we were either getting attacked by the germans or by the russians . 
  since we wanted transylvania more than basarabia , we choose the germans . 
  after the war ended , we had no chance to stand up to the russians , so we went along with whatever they wanted . 
  anyone thinking otherwise is either deluding himself or has n't study history at all . 
  * i have n't said anything about jobs , how good ceausescu was or anything like that . 
  stop using a straw-man argument . 
  i hate these shitty articles , with a biased view of things . 
  that was bad , that was wrong , bla bla bla . 
  it 's easy to speak now , 20 years later without any social context . 
  i was born in 85 , 4 years before the revolution so i was not indoctrinated in any way under the communist regime . 
  i love it when hipsters who were born even later discuss how bad the communist period was , without even living it . 
  no one will argue that historical buildings were n't demolished and that a huge blow was dealt to bucharest 's architecture . 
  but most of these dumb fucks ( cant call them anything else ) forget that ~ 40 years ago , dambovita - the river that runs across bucharest - was a shithole : polluted , always flooding the city after every rain and people would have washed their laundry in it . 
  they also forget that all the lakes in the northen part of the city were a huge hazard everytime it rained all these things were fixed during the communist period . 
  also , they forget how their parents were able to buy a 3 room/70 square meters appartments with the equivalent of 6-12 salaries right after the revolution . 
  why ? 
  because bucharest was full of 7-12 stories flats built during the communist regime . 
  i wont even go into the other things , like the huge extension of the infrastructure ( water , roads , rails , etc ) at a national level . 
  fuck , 20 years later , we only managed to build a 300km highway and sort of maintain the old stuff . 
  that 's it !, 
  again , i dont defend the bad things done during that period , no sane human can . 
  but i also ca n't ignore the huge infrastructure projects accomplished - something we have n't been able to replicate yet . 
  well , obama got one , so unless putin starts a war , he stands no chance . 
  largest population of bears and wolfs in eu . 
  '' says zsuzsanna zsefle , who has been homeless for 21 years . '', 
  how the fuck can you be homeless for 21 years ???? 
  ok , i understand , you make some bad choices , you lose your house , everything you own and have to start over . 
  it 's gon na take you a few years , but not 21 !!!, 
  a fine is just a way of showing the politicians ` are trying to fix something '' but doesnt actually do anything . 
  how can you fine someone with no regulated income ? 
  the policeman will work harder , they will fine them . 
  the homeless wont give a shit about a fine , they will get another one . 
  afer a few months , the police will realise they cant do anything other than give more fines that will go unpaid . 
  in romania is 10 days . 
  right after israel, 
  romania - bucharest tennet telecom 100/100 - 9euro/month speed test result : http://www.speedtest.net/my-result/2939779289, 
  please dont call them romanian since they are not . 
  they are gypsies . 
  spain ( barcelona to be more precise ) - thought it would be boring before going there and was really disappointed when my gf said she got us tickets to visit it for 4-5 days . 
  loved that city , spent about 3 days just randomly walking the streets , i 'd definitely go again the first chance i get . 
  weird color scheme chosen for this map . 
  the one that stands out the most is the best one , while the worst are a neutral gray . 
  and then there 's the light blue that 's there for apparently no reason than just to create more confusion .
