  you ca n't predict what the next group of terrorrists will be and how long a wave of terrorrism will continue : ira and eta are no longer ( all that ) active . 
  you ca n't discriminate between your own citizens who immigrated decades ago , because that 's morally wrong . 
  in the interbellum period fascism and communism was quite common among citizens of almost all european countries . 
  culture changes and you ca n't know whether islamic cultures will still have as many terrorrists a few decades later . 
  islamist terrorrism definitely is a problem right now and muslim communties need to be monitored as they are right now , but discriminating ethnicities is n't the solution . 
   knowing vr , the state monopoly on rail traffic , the weather was too flawless and the trains just could n't handle it and broke down . 
  vr is known for having annoying issues with trains , like autumn leaves causes train delays . 
  this is actually the same in the netherlands with the ns . 
  is n't it a normal social liberal party ? 
  for more democracy , limited social security but enough so the poor wo n't have it bad , more international cooperation , more personal freedom ( gay marriage , euthanasia , abortion etc. 
  ) , for privacy and a neoliberal economic policy . 
  not sure if this applies 1:1 to macron , but these are values shared by most social liberals/centrists . 
  if you look at the sp in the netherlands , the far left is anti-eu too , since they see it as a neoliberal institution . 
  just like how the soviet union did n't use his seat in the un , because they saw it as a capitalist institution . 
  social democrats , christian democrats and liberals tend to be far more pro-eu than far left ( and nationalist ) parties . 
  did n't britain intervene , because germany went through neutral belgium and the brits did n't want a new naval power across the channel ? 
  the us is also 114th/163 , really low . 
  lost like 75 % in the netherlands too ( pvda , not sp ), 
  when france was divided in estates under the kings it was kinda segregated . 
  whether it is on the european continent can be disputed in the case of cyprus , parts of turkey are undisputed on the european continent . 
  culturally it 's the other way around . 
  well , turkey has parts that are definitely on the continent , cyprus is culturally european but way east of the bosphorus and south of the caucasus . 
  and moldova and turkey ( and cyprus if you count it as european ), 
  do you mean that your ancestors are european ? 
  i 'd say that the current government of the netherlands exists since 1848 with the implementation of a representative democracy and a constitution , even though mainland the netherlands was occupied for 5 years between 1940 and 1945 . 
  because the basis on which is governed is still the same . 
  if they still have the same constitution as in 1600 , it 's still 400 years old , whether it was a constitutional republic for all those years does n't matter . 
  i would never live in africa either , but you just ca n't accept economic refugees , since there are simply too many and they have little perspective . 
  once you are n't fleeing for a war or evil government anymore , you become an economic refugee if you 're still moving . 
  they are n't at risk in estonia , so they should stay in estonia . 
  i do n't mind the netherlands doing their fair share , but do n't open the gates for economic refugees . 
  no , but it is more  being higher than finland is all i care about . 
  ehm no ? 
  the dutch have more police officers per capita . 
  he notes that churchill did let a lot of people die unnecessarily , even though he also did some good things . 
  because equal treatment in equal circumstances is the most important democratic value . 
  discrimination purely based on gender should be punished . 
  this is n't about muslims , just like how the christian sgp had to accept that women could run for a seat in parliament . 
  if gender does n't matter , then different genders should be treated the same way if other circumstances are the same , just like how you ca n't deny anyone a job purely based on their religion , race , sexuality or gender if it does n't affect the job . 
  i do n't know about switzerland but in the netherlands discrimination based on race ( among others ) is explicitly prohibited in article 1 of the constitution if all other circumstances are the same . 
  if the only issue you have with someone is their race , you can be forced to treat them the same way . 
  it 's a nice contrast, 
  3,7199333 * 10 ^ 41 years ? 
  that 's really old . 
  germans fuck with non-germans, 
  growing cannabis on a commercial scale is still and has always been illegal in the netherlands . 
  selling it is also illegal , but tolerated . 
  the thing is , i 'm talking about muslims who can take it . 
  but there are muslims who do nothing about things they deem blasphemous , but they do n't want to take part in acts were blasphemous things are done . 
  i do n't know anything about you , but i assume that you do n't go to some black metal concert , because you do n't agree with the message . 
  that does n't mean that you do n't tolerate the concert . 
  morderate muslims tolerate it , but they do n't want to take part in something they think is blasphemous . 
  just like how some christians wo n't go to some metal event because they think it 's blasphemous , but those people do n't try to violently stop those events . 
  not wanting to take part in something is entirely different from not tolerating something . 
  erasing greek debt would cost the other eu-countries ' taxpayers billions of euros . 
  they should n't pay for greek missmanagement , only do whatever is necessary . 
  he probably meant trump, 
  was the hre or the roman empire the first reich ? 
  ouch, 
  it 's still in the desert and ( less important ) muslim , when i think of sub saharan africa i think more of rainforests and christian/indigenous religions and everything south of that . 
  he 's the textbook definition of a social liberal , social liberals are most of the times right-leaning centrists is democracies . 
  so he 's pretty liberal . 
  yeah , but the thing is that all the other parties denounced him , so every vote for another party was a vote against him . 
  the 2nd party with 15 % of the vote in the netherlands . 
  well , the netherlands still voted right , just not far-right . 
  the netherlands also had other voter booths in earlier elections . 
  why is it bad if centrists win all the time . 
  should n't the president be someone ( almost ) everyone can kinda agree with since he represents the whole state ? 
  like the king in monarchies . 
  do n't you mean 80 years war ? 
  there was only a 15 year period where belgium was part of the netherlands though , between defeating napoleon and the revolt . 
  majority of english european internet users are atheists . 
  the thing is , they are also german citizens . 
  the german state has to protect them against unconstitutional behaviour . 
  no , the whole state of the union speech , thanks !, 
  where is the whole speech ? 
  d'accord . 
  elections for the assembl\u00e9e nationale if im not mistaken , the french parliament , not 100 % sure though . 
  well , in this case macron is the new candidate , while le pen came from a political dystanty which is hate by a large part of the french electorate . 
  well 50 % of the brits thought that it was a good idea to leave , it 's almost as if she called an early election to capitalise on that . 
  it is in the link , page 16 . 
  90 % of the macron respondants is quite sure that they will vote for macron and 86 % of the le pen respondants is sure they 'll vote for le pen . 
  while social democrats are revisionists , they are for western countries still socialists . 
  the thing is that socialism includes both communism and social democracy in the netherlands for example . 
  thus differentiating between the two makes no sense in that perspective . 
  communists defending syria ? 
  oh , i thought that it meant that they have to notify the commision if the queue is longer than 15 min and they want to do checks . 
  i thought the last part of the title : `` slovenia should open the border and only do targeted checks '' was n't part of the article , since slovenia can still decide whatever they do . 
   slovenia and croatia agree that they will notify the commission -- in accordance with the schengen borders code -- of the decision to carry out targeted checks whenever the waiting time at specified land border crossing points between the two countries is longer than 15 minutes no ? 
  i stand corrected , but still not nearly as deadly as the gun which killed 70 . 
  i just think that his rethoric is quite hostile , even if it was to be expected , he should still be called out on it . 
  no , because those are way more essential , and more important , way less deadly . 
  he killed more than 70 with his gun , but the bombs did n't kill anyone if i recall correctly . 
  breivik actually tried in prague to do it illegally but failed , but succeeded in norway to do it in a legal manner . 
  people who lack connections , which are most lunatics , like breikvik would n't be able to get a semiautomatic rifle , thus severely decreasing the lethality . 
  i think that if he had a pistol or something like that , het would 've killed perhaps 20 , but not nearly 80 . 
  the small minority part is n't 100 % true . 
  tons of people have shot air guns , but those are n't really that letal and wo n't allow to go on a rampage . 
  breivik probably , but that was 6 years ago . 
  and millions died of cancer .
