  you 'd rather have someone break in and do nothing about it than notify the authorities because they did n't waste thousands , if not millions on useless architecture ? 
  [ kazakhstan ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7a/council_of_europe_%28blue%29.svg/800px-council_of_europe_%28blue%29.svg.png ), 
  there was a dutch mission in srebrenica and a dutch mission in kosovo . 
  developments around srberenica are still covered in dutch news . 
  to be fair , this was on the asian part . 
  i still think it 's relevant to europe , but this was n't in europe, 
  even shittier, 
  sounds pretty shitty, 
  i know that cromwell ended the monarchy , but can you give me a tl ; dr of what he did to the irish please ? 
  these are americans though , where hitlers biggest fans right now live . 
  there are n't any german streets named after him for building the autobahnen . 
  when your government killed millions of people a normal person is n't going to name a street after you . 
  this is more aimed at / u/uskumru since you only pointed out that the streets actually exist . 
  that does n't mean that they do n't trade . 
  a planned economy can also trade only not with companies but with the state . 
  not sure if you 're joking , but they could just cancel that without a deal . 
  i 'm curious whether the north of italy feels safer and how much . 
  i actually like the white a lot and do n't really know if it looks better with colour . 
  i do n't know whether she invited herself or got an invitation from the eu , but whoever decided that she has to speak before the parliament probably has to reconsider what they deem important . 
  in the netherlands foreign heads of states do n't get to speak before parliament and just make trade deals and such with the government . 
  a speech before parliament seems quite redundant in the case of a president of the marshall islands . 
  i agree about malta , but i do n't feel like the president of the marshall islands demands that the parliament has to be almost filled . 
  did n't know that , thanks !, 
  meeting with groups of interests and citizens to determine whether something is good or not . 
  the marshall islands are n't an eu member though or an important partner or a regional power though . 
  they have less than a tenth the population of malta . 
  if meps decide that they 'd rather work on legislation than listen to someone on the other side of the world with almost no ties with their country , they 're hardly to blame . 
  the dutch often compare something they do n't understand with chinese or turkish . 
  it can be a cultural thing , but i doubt that op has a thorough understanding of how arabic sounds . 
  since greece is closer to italy than to england , it may be that he has a decent understanding of how greek sounds . 
  i think that he meant that he can understand just as little of the dialects as of arabic , it was a figure of speech . 
  lately it is quite nice , but autumn and rain and winter are quite bad . 
  birmingham is a city . 
  because all those other countries did it after 9/11 to piss off the muslims of course . ^ / s, 
  suck it suomi, 
  there really is n't in the netherlands , only that for ending a marriage you need a judge and for ending a union you do n't . 
  the thing is that differences in legislation without hard borders , mean that guns which are for example declared `` unusable '' in the czech republic can be made usable , way easier than the guns that are unusable in the netherlands . 
  i was n't really talking about this law , which i do n't really care about since it does n't really change much . 
  just the fact that czech gun regulations also impact the netherlands , not because `` czech people [ are ] using legally owned guns to commit crimes in other eu countries '' . 
  it is illegal , but hard to do anything about it without border controlls . 
  the thing is that a citizen can buy a gun , give it to you and take it with you to your home country without border controlls . 
  the thing is that while organised criminality might not be an issue in the czech republic , it is an issue in the netherlands . 
  organised criminals use guns from eastern europe to kill each other . 
  due to the open borders and less strict laws there , they can be easily imported . 
  having criminals with guns also makes it harder for law enforcement to enforce the law . 
  10 people were killed in amsterdam in 2016 due to organised drugs gangs with illegal fire arms . 
  restricting the import of weapons from eastern europe would severely harm these gangs , since they would be way less effective with killing opposing gangs and they would have way less means to intimidate people . 
  knives made for killing are , at least in the netherlands , also regulated or prohibited . 
  uniformity on the subject of knives in schengen would also be a good change . 
  anders breivik in the eea , tristan van der vlis in the eu . 
  because with schengen uniformity is needed , because else a gun that is illegal in one country can be brought from another . 
  you see it as a tool for what exactly ? 
  he did n't deny that fear of swimming pools might be rational . 
  he just said that fear of guns is rational . 
  if you are afraid of swimming pools because you can drown in them , than that 's very rational . 
  i agree that this should n't be in the constitution , but this change is meant to prevent future anti-gun legislation from the eu , not against the current anti-gun legislation . 
  it 's meant as garantuee for the czech voters that the guns remain available . 
  i do n't think that this decision is just , but this is n't about semi-automatic weapons i think . 
  ah , did n't know that , thanks !, 
  ios and windows are good alternatives with a decent market share or is android really that dominant ? 
  www.beslist.nl , do n't know the uk equivalent , but at least in the netherlands there are multiple . 
  human rights are n't a left-right thing , but a non-asshole-asshole thing . 
  not everyone has to be able to be in the government . 
  representative democracy is in the legislative branch and not in the executive branch . 
  23 % does want to compromise and i 'm guessing that the same 23 % wants out of the eu themselves . 
  peace be upon her hips, 
  i think france and the netherlands are because they denied the eu a constitution in a referendum and thus there would be no support for symbols . 
  rip net neutrality, 
  do you mean happiest or most men : women or most homosexuals per capita ? 
  a minor thingy , but his name is m\u00e9lenchon , not molenchon . 
  his comment was neither left nor right . 
  he just responded to a personal attack with another personal attack . 
  you had as good an argument as he did . 
  do n't you want adele nationalised ? 
  it would pay dividends to the tory party , but the primary goal of any prime minister must be to do good for the country and not abuse a system for political or personal gain . 
  then why did she call the snap election after triggering article 50 ? 
  why not call it before triggering article 50 , now there is a time limit and britain is kinda fucked . 
  starting an important process and then making your country potentially instable seems like blackmailing the people in voting for you . 
  especially if you combine it with a ton of unpopular measures and unlawful changes . 
  it 's just flat out irresponsible to use the future of your country for political gain . 
  what is pence ? 
  kensington, 
  it allows people to vote lib dem in a tory/labour constituency and have labour as second to still oppose the tories . 
  governments , rutte has 0 children , but willem-alexander has 3 and the netherlands is 0 . 
  any estimate when kensington will be declared ? 
  they are n't nazis , just homophobes and religious fundamentalists . 
  is n't it normal for a politician to resign because you caused something ? 
  he is/was a mep, 
  i 'm not french , but with my high school french i 'd say that it means `` i notice that mister corbyn has an excellent score despite all the attacks he had to suffer '', 
  the shareholders of banco popular perhaps, 
  you pay 6,5 % yearly on stundent loans in the uk ? 
  or are they different things ? 
  the rulers are from the house of liechtenstein . 
  because they are n't the same , the vatican is n't a tax haven and a theocracy and an absolute monarchy ( with the pope as monarch ) , while liechtenstein is a german speaking constitutional monarchy which is part of schengen . 
  jersey is n't independent so i think that it wo n't be a seperate post . 
  san marino is a republic so entirely different than the rest . 
  andorra has two monarchs . 
  you ca n't just group small nations together and deny them statehood , because they 're `` poinless '' , they 're all pretty unique . 
  when muslims emigrated to western europe , islamist terrorism was n't an issue . 
  just like how when the netherlands in the 50s got a large moluccan community , it did n't know that there were men among them that would resort to terrorrism in the 70s .
