  `` ubi solitudinem faciunt , facem appellant '' is the quote . 
  the original is : `` ubi solitudinem faciunt , pacem appellant '' , `` where they make a desert , they call it peace '' . 
  but facem means something like torch . 
  so `` where they make a desert , they call it a torch '' ? 
  what kind of quote is that ? 
  i am, 
  sa has eastern european time , so it 's not that much needed for timezone coverage . 
  perhaps they do n't have the time to fill out a survey ? 
  [ it seems like you can walk towards the fort ] ( https://www.google.nl/maps/@45.8549783,-1.1695216,3a,75y,313.72h,90.04t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1s8xt7enn8yb29zdcbqtcwxg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656!6m1!1e1 ), 
  i do n't think trump is going to build a wall around himself . 
  his point comes across really well and the message is clear , the faq is just unnecessarily passive-agressive . 
  he could have just ended with a request : `` please behave on memorial sites '' and the message would have come across . 
  probably because it goes all the way to the pacific , making east of the ural a colony would be better . 
  if it 's honestely that bad , coal should be subsidised . 
  how do you find the last one ? 
  i 'm quite curious . 
  is an \u03b7 pronounced as an i in modern greek ? 
  the informational book , is that only in german/whatever languague is usual in your canton or in all official languagues ? 
  but the money that was spent on the game is now circulating in the ukrainian economy instead of the russian . 
  due to the multiplier effect it loses russia the cost of the game plus whatever the multiplier is in gdp . 
  but luxemburgish , french and german are n't foreign languages right ? 
  tour d'eiffel, 
  you 're totally right , the difference is too big . 
  i just wanted to show how you can ignore the ones that are undecided . 
  50/79 = 0,636 29/79 = 0,367 so with your statistics it would be 63,6 % for and 36,7 % against . 
  just do n't include the undecided . 
  71/29 is a significant difference , but possible . 
  because he already did the work , he linked directly to the pdf and ca n't really give a more exact source . 
  if you still questions his data , the only thing to proof him wrong is by looking in the pdf he directly linked . 
  in the netherlands no one brings gifts with christmas . 
  i do n't really know a lot of eastern europe but countries like belarus and eastern moldova would gladly become russian . 
  you missed sexbierum and hendrik-ido-ambacht . 
  never heard of it before , i do n't get it with my television subscription . 
  organised crime is n't exclusive to italy , but it has way more influence in every day life in southern italy than in the rest of europe . 
  because it 's just that , one subject . 
  the dutch republic with it 's empire and 80 years war , enlightenment with democratic revolutions and napoleonic wars , the formation of germany , modern imperialism and wwi&ii and the cold war are also very important subjects . 
  of course wwii with all it 's tragedies is in there too , but should be seen as more important than rest that it comes back everytime . 
  it 's the result of wwi which is the result of the creation of the german empire , which used nationalism which was a result of getting beaten up in the napoleonic wars , which was result of the enlightenment , which started due to the scientific revolution , which started after the renaissance . 
  if you give , say 33 % to wwii , you do harm to other subjects . 
  wwii definitely deserves its fair share , but not more than that . 
  really ? 
  in the netherlands alcohol abuse leads to higher sentences when fighting or something like that . 
  same bills , different coins . 
  pretty sure that it 's french and not latin . 
  i think that you 'd have to go to a sauna . 
  palestinians only get support cause the israelis direspect un conventions and violate human rights and are the stronger force in the region . 
  if the palestinians were stronger and trying to colonise jewish land , the israelis would have received the extra support that palesitinians receive now . 
  the moldovan ssr is younger than the latvian though , so it makes sense to not include them . 
  whether you see the ussr as an occupation is a second , since latvia had it 's own ssr . 
  are n't ukraine , armenia , georgia , azerbaijan , kazakhstan and belarus successors of the ussr ? 
  these maps feel very arbitrary . 
  he just signed a bill that politicians ca n't elect relatives . 
  what 's wrong with single issue parties ? 
  give them 1 minister and some representation on their issue and get their support . 
  a few single issue parties combined with a normal party and you have a government . 
  a large part of the reasoning of ( at least the dutch ) akp voters for voting akp is because of the economic growth under erdogan . 
  that groth is mostly due to tourism . 
  if you take away the growth , you take away the reasoning of their voters . 
  it sucks that people that do n't support erdogan get hurt in the process , but i do n't want to be part of the reason why he 's in power . 
  i am not in a position to put sanctions on him , but i can decide to rather than help turkish citizens to help greek or spanish citizens . 
  if the consequences of the actions of erdogan is that tourism disappears from turkey , he 'll be overthrown/voted out . 
  like you said : erdogan needs tourists . 
  so by becoming a trourist to turkey , you 're supporting erdogan . 
  it is n't about fear , it 's about not wanting to support a certain regime . 
  by that thinking democratic germany should n't pay for fascist germany 's crimes . 
  it did and it gives the same vibes . 
  is this some kind of red scare 2.0 ? 
  russians are n't omnipresent in all european institutions and nations . 
  you ca n't just send thousands of tourists with weapons across a secured border . 
  this is n't some lawless place we 're talking about like eastern ukraine . 
  this is a country with a small land border with russia and not a significant pro-russian population . 
  implying that russia can easily overrun poland with out declaring war is stupid . 
  minimum wage is the lowest amount an employer can pay for an ( adult ) employee . 
  there is no such thing as an unofficial minimum wage . 
  i think i was thinking of export . 
  oops , thought it was more . 
  liberals are per definition pro free market though and thus against communists . 
  calling them extreme-liberals for supporting communists is weird . 
  social liberals do n't support communist countries though . 
  i 've never seen d66 supporting mao , while the sp did . 
  a large part of that gdp is importing and exporting through rotterdam , so it 's quite inflated . 
  well , the parliament controlls the government , so it would be weird to rate them differently . 
  they are candidate members just like serbia , montenegro , macedonia and albania . 
  it can be expected of such a candidate to like the eu , because else they would n't try to join . 
  le pen was n't technically running for fn though and people vote against macron too , so i do n't think the second round at least is representative . 
  yeah , they took out the universal part . 
  utrecht got some trouble with the minister of social security if i 'm not mistaken . 
  he was n't french either . 
  living in the later seat of the holy roman empire does make him at least just as much holy roman as french . 
  do you want them to legalise these guns ? 
  because he was born in germany almost on the border of the netherlands and belgium . 
  in the later residence of the emperors of the hre . 
  i 'd rather die than live in a fascist junta cause people are scared of terrorists and want to suspend human rights . 
  death is not reversible and there is no way to prove anyone guilty without any doubt . 
  besides , this is n't a war in europe , these are attacks aimed at random people , he has just as much chance to die in a terror attack as anyone else , assuming they all leave their houses . 
  less than 1000 deaths in a continent over more than 5 years is n't a reason to suspend human rights , else you 'd have to drop traffic offenders off in the ocean too . 
  the thing is , he did n't change the wording , it could 've been per 100 000 or per 1000 for all we know if it was n't for the per 1 million on the map . 
  we rekt finland , 
  that 's the only reason i updooted it tbh . 
  do they want to become a part of spain ?
