  and why does he fight the police in melilla and not in al hoceima ? 
  that seems like an exception and it 's not the generic web adress but a fb page . 
  [ not in the netherlands ] ( https://ossinhetnieuws.nl/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/199209.jpg ), 
  is n't the european alarm number 112 ? 
  you 're welcome < 3, 
  airbnb makes house prices rise unnessisarily and due to worse infrastructure due to too many tourists the cities become less attractive to business headquarters . 
  we do n't all want to work in restaurants . 
  / u/wearebrics russia is a stupid country with a stupid leader . 
  he is all alone in a cell with 3 rooms and can never leave , kinda hard to make friends then . 
  is the whole constitution is dutch or is there also a french and/or german constitution ? 
  edit : never mind saw the link , all three languages . 
   gdp ( national output ) is significantly greater than gnp ( national income ) due to the repatriation of profits and royalty payments by multinational firms based in ireland . 
  not really the most reliable [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_republic_of_ireland ) , but since gdp is used here , is the 186 % significantly higher than it would 've been without the repatriation of profits . 
  it might get old , but if thought i 'd at least partially explain why the number is so high . 
  jeltsin destroyed the soviet union and formed a russian democratic state , just like atat\u00fcrk destroyed the ottoman empire and formed a turkic democratic state . 
  i 'd say that jeltsin is probably the most comparable thing there is to atat\u00fcrk , he just did n't have the idiolisation . 
  ireland might have something to do with tax evasion . 
  suck it finland, 
  italians can call garibaldi a bastard , germans can call bismarck a bastard , dutch can call william of orange a bastard , russians can call jeltsin a bastard , indians can call ghandi a bastard . 
  all without prison sentences . 
  this treatment seems on par with insulting mao in china , lenin in the ussr or kim il-sung in north korea . 
  william of orange is probably widely regarded the founder of our country ( `` vader des vaderlands '' ) and i could call him a bastard and his mother a hooker . 
  this law only applies to the living afaik . 
  there 's also a reward in the form of money if you give a tip that leads to an arrest . 
  according to the cbr 1,5 hours/standard glass of alcohol . 
  but that 's for 0,5 , so i do n't know about 0,0 . 
  you 've never been to the st. peter ? 
  libya has 3 governments . 
  libya is more a warzone than iraq is at the moment . 
  her mum heard from her that she got called a stupid pole . 
  a lot of people hide things from their parents to not make them worry . 
  i might be way worse in reality than she told her mum . 
  judges appoint other judges , so they are harder to be influenced by political choices . 
  the americans justice system is extremely politicised , but the us is n't an eu member . 
  cameron did just that . 
  i just do n't like the taste . 
  when working on something i 'd much rather have soup/water and sometimes cola . 
  when socializing beer and tea are fine . 
  when you need coffee to wake up or work you 're kinda addicted . 
  i have drank maybe two , three full cups of coffee in my life . 
  tea consumption is what matters , not coffee consumption . 
  europeans are mostly ethiopians arriving around 15 000 bc . 
  they are just africans in europe . 
  after three centuries they 're for all intents and purposes african . 
  not everyone is a bigot like mugabe , even though afrikaners were bigots untill the 20th century themselves . 
  the thing about conscription is that it is n't voluntarily . 
  if a dutch saudi arabian guy were to get punished for homosexuality in saudi arabia , is it the duty of the dutch government to provide help ? 
  the saudis could just say that they are prosecuting their own citizens . 
  you have duties to two nations . 
  if some war were to break out and the us and ireland were to call in conscripts , you could have to serve in two armies at the same time . 
  and if you get locked up in a foreign country , it 's unclear which embassy should help you . 
  foreign governments can also assert pressure on dutch nationals and since they are also foreign citizens , there is n't much they can do . 
  dutch turks recently were a danger to public order when turkish ministers wanted to talk to dutch turks on dutch soil . 
  the eritrean embassy recently blackmailed former eritrears in paying them money . 
  the us forces her citizens to pay them taxes when overseas if i 'm not mistaken . 
  it 's mostly practical and has nothing to do with nationalism what he said . 
  if the netherlands and britain , even if it 's on the same side , were to end up at some total war and someone has two nationalities , where does he have to fight in the army ? 
  also , who has to give him aid abroad ? 
  dutch turks recently were a danger to public order when turkish ministers wanted to talk to dutch turks on dutch soil . 
  the eritrean embassy recently blackmailed former eritrears in paying them money . 
  the us forces her citizens to pay them taxes when overseas if i 'm not mistaken . 
  reintegrating the benelux with spain perhaps . 
  just like northern cyprus , the cypriot government wo n't provide eu-related services in northern cyprus . 
  if you 're de facto independent , you 're de facto out of the eu . 
  nah , that 's the baguette, 
  yup , it 's just how much you value your life and when you think it 's worth it to keep on living . 
  i think that the death penalty is bad because it 's irreversable , but if something could be proven without a doubt ( which is n't possible ) , it 'd be a lighter punishment in my opinion than a lifelong sentence without any chance whatsoever of getting out . 
  with `` the final punishment which ca n't be appealed '' i meant after appealing untill the highest court . 
  sorry if i were n't clear , my english is n't fluent . 
  that 's a practical problem . 
  if the death penalty were to be reinstated , which i do n't support , you 'd have to execute death penalties within a week or so after the final punishment which ca n't be appealed . 
  i do n't doubt that , but those in a death row will have nothing to worry about in a week , even though it 's really cruel . 
  just like why people who commit a mass murder usually shoot themselves afterwards . 
  of course on death row it 's way worse because of the prospect . 
  but afterwards it 's way better . 
  i highly doubt that people who are locked up for the rest of their lives are really happy . 
  well , punishment is almost always against someone 's will . 
  and of course people are free to disagree . 
  but the only issue with the death penalty that i have is that it is irreversable if people were to be found innocent later . 
  of course , while alive i 'll try to avoid death at all costs , but living with regret and missing family and friends and freedom for the rest of your life might be worse than just getting it over with and dieing at the state 's hands . 
  because after a lifelong sentence , you 'll die anyway . 
  while the build-up to your death is intense , afterwards you probably do n't feel anything about it , whether you get to the afterlife or there 's nothing . 
  you ca n't really miss the little joys if you do n't feel anything anymore . 
  if your freedom is taken away however , there 's something to clearly miss . 
  life in prison without any chance of getting out is worse than death in my opinion because you also get hopeless and have to `` suffer '' till your death . 
  however , the death penalty is irreversable , so it 's not commendable to reinstate it . 
  the image of the french revolution is an image of executions everywhere in the world . 
  the guillotine is probably the most linked object with the french revolution . 
  their is right , since it 's plural ? 
  so `` the us want to fuck their population '' or her ? 
  french-german i think, 
  just like why people use holland for the netherlands , it is the most important part economically/demographically/politically . 
  oops, 
  you are/were a senator or intern ? 
  zerorating still helps establish monopolies and oligopolies , it 's bad for competition and thus for consumers . 
  that the us wants to fuck his population over does n't make zerorating a good thing . 
  [ dutch ] ( https://tweakers.net/reviews/5533/de-nederlandse-netneutraliteit-na-de-t-mobile-uitspraak.html ) [ english ] ( http://nltimes.nl/2017/04/21/t-mobile-can-continue-data-free-music-streaming-service-court ), 
  i quite like the eu , but eu legislation recently forced the dutch government to allow free data for certain music streaming services , so net neutrality is perhaps not the best example . 
  i think this building is for administrative purposes mainly and to use it as a place to store stuff . 
  the dutch police have seperate buildings with holding cells , so it 's cheaper and more secure .
