finland had slaves ? 
  it was mostly in the new world and to a lesser extend in european colonial powers mainland . 
  where is the netherlands ? 
  they 're quite socialistic . 
  perhaps far left , but not right . 
  only when it 's about immigration . 
  habsburgian, 
  international zones . 
  i do n't think trump is dumb , he knows what he 's doing . 
  making dumb remarks just gives him for votes and that 's why he does it . 
  wait , this sub is about space ? 
  i thought it was about the europa , that jupiter stole . 
  are the amounts in euros or pounds ? 
  ca n't she never show up and still get a salary ? 
  thanks !, 
  why do you think the source uses autocomplete ? 
  it states : `` according to google search data '' . 
  wow , canada sells a lot of islands . 
  `` if the 2020 target is met , it would mean that millions of people ( literally ) would have free access to the knowledge and information produced by experts in physics , astronomy , mathematics , engineering , biology '' is it exclusive to these fields or all science fields ? 
  the amount of preference and nationalism would be roughly the same , perhaps the french are even more nastionalistic , thus french would still be bigger than dutch . 
  if ca . 
  100 % think english and ca . 
  60 % think french and ca . 
  40 % think dutch as extra languages are important , it 'll show english and french , because 60 %  40 % and it shows the first 2 . 
  why i 'm sceptic is because when the turkish authorities were asked for proof , they did n't provide it , instead the turkish ambassador responded by saying that the turkish nation was attacked and they needed support , while only saying that there are hundreds of documents and confessions , but he did n't release any information on the documents nor confessions . 
  yeah , ideally you get a `` people from x race unjustly shot by the police '' statistic , i meant with my comment that you ca n't just state one statistic and say it 's not a real issue . 
  i did n't say the system is racist . 
  just that this is an american issue , whether the cause is the police or the people being shot does n't matter : it is a real issue . 
  considering that more than 60 % of the us and about 15 % is black , a black person is twice as likely to be shot as white people . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demography_of_the_united_states#race_and_ethnicity ), 
  if they are being discriminated while they behave the same as every other german , they have the right to complain , something their ancestors ' government did a century ago should n't take that right away . 
  only complaining about being discriminated and denying the genocide is hypocritical . 
  if they are being discriminated while they behave the same as every other german , they have the right to complain , something their ancestors ' government did a century ago should n't take that right away . 
  only complaining about being discriminated and denying the genocide is hypocritical . 
  the dutch , swiss and scandinavians are safe as well , but not safer or much cheaper than the german . 
  so they consider toll on something you can barely call a road . 
  i did n't argue about that , the title states `` eu '' , so it does n't matter whether turkey is part of europe or not , the attacks were outside of the eu . 
  these attacks were on the european continent by the way . 
  istanbul is n't in the eu though . 
  it 's a select number of nations , so they did n't research those countries . 
  not if your opponents do n't have the same oppertunity to support it with eu funds . 
  ah , it 's fine < 3 . 
  when nearly twice as many people are religious , that 's still two times as many . 
  if a market share of a company goes from 5 % to 10 % , that 's still two times as much and an increase of 100 % , the company has twice the profit etcetera . 
  the chincken thingy is different , since they are talking about how many % of the chicken . 
  no such trick was used here . 
   it 's an increase of 4 ** percent point ** i do n't get your point . 
  it 's an increase of 4 percent point , which is in fact an increase of 74 % . 
  if 90 % believes in god , it 's quite hard to not believe in god due to peer pressure i think , but i 'm by no means an expert on the matter . 
  when the amount of non-believers doubles i think that that is important . 
  what does the pvdd want with the eu ? 
  i thought they hated is as well . 
  more trade , thus better economies . 
  easier travel . 
  more efficient enviromental policy . 
  less power of multinationals . 
  of course there are problems with ineffeciency and a lack of democracy , but those can be solved . 
  well , a lot of roads are being constructed with eu funds in southern europe . 
  it 's not going to fix all their problems and it 's also not that bad a deal for the richer countries . 
  however , it 's as much as the can do without getting huge anti-eu sentiment . 
  just like how the marshallhelp was n't only to help europe , but also help the americans , but europe recovered due to the money . 
  i do n't mean that the bailout was meant to solve the greeks problems or economy . 
  i meant the regular funds that go via the eu from the richer countries to the poorer ones . 
  i 'm sorry , i generalised the southern european nations too much and went in too harsh . 
  the iberians , irish and italians handeld the situation well . 
  i just generalised the greek situation too much . 
  i changed my original post . 
  edit : i 'm sorry , i unfairly generalised the greek situation to all southern european nations . 
  it was a metaphor , of course the southern european nations do n't have completely incompetent governments . 
  however , the causes of these insane debts are n't the result of normal ( north-western european ) governance . 
  populist measures and corruption all result in the deficits leading to these debts . 
  that was fine , until we all got the same currency . 
  now the southern european countries ca n't devalute or default , without significantly harming the other euro countries . 
  greece , who got into the euro with fraud , is now in big trouble due to corruption , mass tax evasion and populist measures . 
  the eu already pays the greek billions of euros to solve their problems and economy , but letting their debt rise to unhandleable levels and lying about it just creates a hostage situation . 
  their lenders have to pay them or the whole eurozone will suffer . 
  of course the greek youth and syriza is n't to blame for these problems , but unfortunately they inherited these problems . 
  the solution which was agreed on : wiping away millions of debt and greece taking a huge economic hit , was in my opinion the fairest and best for the eurozone as a whole . 
  the greek got severly punished for their fraud and we got no uproar in the northern european countries . 
  btw , i honestly could n't care less of these generalisations because i know they are ( mostly ) false . 
  do you have a link ? 
  because she already was in germany and entered through germany . 
  they mayors are part of the government though . 
  i personally think that scotland should be able to join the eu if they decide to declare independence . 
  i personally think that there would be an amount of time between declaring the will to be independent and the actual independence , in which scotland can set up it 's own institutions and diplomatic ties and perhaps join the eu for a smooth transistion . 
  i do n't think that because sturgeon says that they can easily join the eu , that it would be that easy , because she has a clear stance and thus she would use any interpretation that could persuade voters , whether it 's a good interpretation or not . 
  really weird to see that the scots were the least open to eu membership . 
  i 'm by no means an expert , but i think that it would n't matter , since scotland probably wo n't be an eu member directly after independence , whether the uk is in the eu or not . 
  one whole city , olivenza . 
  is this ( partially ) due to migration inside the eu ? 
  and portugal . 
  it shows the dutch flag though . 
   dutch : kino no , it 's not , it 's `` bioscoop '' . 
  the romans did use the x and q though . 
  only the difference between ` j' and ` i ' and ` u ' and ` v ' did n't exist . 
  http://store.steampowered.com/app/236850/ it 's quite often -75 % , so i would wait . 
  so , the games in / r/europeplaysparadox are not official anymore ? 
  thank you for the / s , would have been impossible to spot otherwise ... / s, 
  saying that the plans of your party are incompatible with those of another party is n't undemocratic , just like how the vvd would probably not sit in a government with the sp , because the voters have such big differences . 
  second of all , they do n't have enough tought-out plans .
