so if your father commits a murder , you should be punished for it as well , because you are his successor ? 
  i 'm 20 years old , i did nothing wrong , why should i pay for something other people did ? 
   lugenpresse you know that 's the term hitler used to overtake the media right ? 
  wait ... 
  is n't that sexism ? 
  it would be illegal , yes . 
  however , he did n't say it never happened . 
  he revered to the holocaust as `` a certain event '' and called it `` a religious outburst '' . 
  all that without condemning it . 
  so he basically tried to imply it never happened and downplayed the scale of the genocide . 
  denial of the holocaust is illegal in germany as well . 
  oh come on !, 
  again ? 
   the european union is a historic achievement of peace , prosperity and security on the european continent and remains our common framework . 
  at the same time many people express dissatisfaction with the current state of affairs , be it at the european or national level . 
  europeans expect us to do better when it comes to providing security , jobs and growth , as well as hope for a better future . 
  we need to deliver on this , in a way that unites us , not least in the interest of the young . 
   this is why we are starting today a political reflection to give an impulse to further reforms , in line with our strategic agenda , and to the development of the eu with 27 member states . 
  this requires leadership of the heads of state or government . 
  we will come back to this issue at an informal meeting in september in bratislava . 
  seems like the brexit will be a good thing for the eu after all . 
  i 've been to london 5 years ago . 
  it was the crucible of cultures in my eyes . 
  i was astouned by how all those different people from all around the world lived together in this city . 
  based on this experience i always thought of britain as the country of tolerance . 
  seeing this now ... 
  it just makes me sad . 
  holy fucking shit , those youtube comments . 
  i see . 
  thank you very much for that post !, 
  editing the op . 
  i also get that feeling . 
  but they are damaged none the less . 
  the will lose so much credibility in the eu if they remain . 
   here 's what i wrote eight months ago . 
  so your only argument for ttip is that it 's transparent ? 
  i ca n't see any concrete pro arguments for ttip in that post . 
   i can assure you that the whole film is a one-sided propaganda piece i honestly do n't see that , it obviously shows both sides . 
  as in the small companies and buisnesses being able avoid a crapton of unneccesary bureaucracy . 
  i however agree that it seems to have an agenda , i could n't find a docu on why ttip is great for the eu . 
  the reason why i do n't like ttip is because i do n't like the american system of pure , unregulated capitalism . 
  i think it 's a system that hurts small people and benefits rich people . 
  ergo largening the gap between rich and poor . 
  if they manage to make a deal where we both are able to freely trade with us and keep our own eu regulations . 
  then ttip can be a good thing . 
  i however do n't think that 's likely . 
  the us have a history with nafta on promesing things and then breaking them . 
   to be frank , i have n't made the decision whether i think ttip will be good or bad . 
  simply because the goddamn agreement is not finished yet . 
  in your opinion , what would it need to contain for you to consider it good ? 
   i will make my mind up . 
  i will however argue against all the people who oppose it for arbitrary reasons or because of misinformation . 
  what kind of misinformation are you talking about ? 
  good , go ahead , debunk that `` one sided opinion '' and tell me why ttip is a good idea . 
  i always aprecciate more points of view/input on a topic . 
  tell me why i , the small worker in the big machine , would want such a treaty ? 
  more competition does n't only generate more winners . 
  it also generates more losers . 
  ability to protect the losers of free competition is gone . 
  `` free trading '' sounds nice , but also hides risks . 
  the gap between rich and poor will probably get bigger , since you bring the american capitalism to europe . 
  us is the stronger partner in the treaty and will therefore probably dominate it . 
  if you are able to produce products cheaper with us standards , by lowering standards for workers , why bother providing those worker standards ? 
  it will put pressure on small companies and big companies from eu and us will profit from it . 
  the docu also includes several experts ( economy professors and doctors ) both from eu and us calling it a bad idea/warning of the risks . 
  but it also includes buisnessman calling it a good idea . 
  since i see pure , unregulated capitalism as a bad system , i disagree heaviely with ttip . 
  since you are also german , that : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-7pcrox3ocy, 
  look at what nafta did to mexico . 
  how about we blame assad then . 
  if he would have been a good `` leader '' and would not have lead to a syrian civilwar , there would not have been refugees . 
  we could also blame assads mother though , for giving birth to him . 
  or his grandma , for giving birth to his mother . 
  good . 
  edit : highly recommend reading the comments on this . 
  a few guys from bosnia and kosovo went to my school . 
  they were super awesome people . 
  that was 3 years ago . 
  i wonder what they are up to atm . 
  if you ask me , he did n't call out that `` mistake '' before the vote . 
  that 's why he is also indirectly responsible . 
  so he just said that he is incompetent ? 
  cameron wanted to united his own party by silencing the eu opposers with the referendum . 
  he might have ended up splitting the country instead . 
  but the majority of people there voted remain . 
  and did n't scotland vote against indenpendency to stay part of eu as a part of gb ? 
  [ that would be funny because he would be on the opposite side then . 
  to make an example . 
  britain leaves , we let them back in . 
  now other countries will think `` oh nice , they made it back in without consequences . 
  maybe we 'll try our luck as well . '', 
  which would n't be in the interest of the eu . 
  free speech is a human right in germany . 
  but also : a human right can not , under no circumstances hurt another human right . 
  the dignity of a human being ( race , religion , handicaps , etc ) is above everything . 
  free speech does not protect racism , antisemitism or other forms of discrimination . 
  that 's all . 
  you are allowed to attack a person based on their personality or character . 
  if you want an example we literally had a minister calling the bundespresident an asshole in front of the whole government . 
  also native americans , even trump tweeting something along these lines .
