well , i think that to restructure a nation you need much more time than a couple of years . 
  in italy unemployment is not as bad as in spain , but we have other problems to cope with , and i do n't think that those things will be fixed in a short period of time . 
  i think that to see if this worked or not , we have to wait 5-10 yrs . 
  why do you say that it 's not working ? 
  why do you think it 's a pipe dream ? 
  ( not arguing , i 'm genuinely interested ), 
  italian here : of course the main problem that led into the crisis was bad government , and of course if we still had the lira we could de-valuate easily , but that would n't solve the problem . 
  the fact that we can not devaluate any more means that our politicians have to face the reality and solve the problems for real , not by just printing more money , and i think that that 's a good thing  . 
  if you translated it with google translate : that translation is incorrect . 
  if not , i do n't see the point of your comment . 
  it is not that different from other countries ( aside : imho , the fact that some seats in the house of lords are still assigned on ereditary basis is barbaric ) and anyway : i still do n't see why being in a political union would be a problem in dealing with extra european states , since pretty much all europe has the same interests in dealing with the rest of the world . 
  the ` we share the head of state ' is more folkloristic than a real thing , try to say to an australian or to a canadian that they are subject to the british monarchy and see how well they react . 
  i do n't see what you mean by political system , if you mean democracy ( ^ oh ^ sorry , ^ you ^ still ^ have ^ a ^ queen ) you share that with many others . 
  english is de facto the lingua franca , i do n't see any problems in dealing with someone who does n't speak your language . 
  i do n't know enoguh about legal systems to argue , but i can not see how this would imply that what you can achieve trough an agreement with australia can not be achieved by europe as a whole, 
  i do n't think that the rest of europe wants to close on itself and never ever make a treaty with canada , australia , usa , or anyone else . 
  * you 're not the special ones * . 
  i think that 's exactly the problem . 
  you may pretend that europe is just your neighbour , but you ca n't argue with the fact that you are in europe , not 1000 miles off the coast of portugal . 
  i do n't think that the ` anglosphere ' is something you should still talk about : the english empire is long gone . 
  it 's true that the uk retain some influence over some of those countries , but it 's clear that this is not something that will stay like that in the long run . 
  individually you also make it easier to attack ( not necessarily speaking of an armed attack , a economical / political one is more than sufficient ) one of them at a time . 
  `` divide et impera '' ( divide and rule ) is what the romans did with the neighbouring kingdoms , you make different agreements with each of them , in order to keep them separated and incapable of a joint response to your power . 
  imho berlusconi says positive things about renzi cause he is scared of him . 
  he knows that by saying `` i like renzi '' he will increase the doubts that a not-so-small part of the electoral base of renzi 's party has about renzi without loosing his votes , since his electors will continue to vote for him no matter what . 
  i hope i made my self clear , cause after re-reading the comment i 'm not sure if what i 've written makes sense . 
  ask if you do n't uderstand . 
  with the sytem our parliament has just approved , if you get 40 % of votes you get 55 % of seats . 
  if you get under 40 % a run-off is held to decide who gets 55 % . 
  in this way there is for sure a party with a large majority , and there is no need for coalitions . 
  after a history of governments which were not able to do anything due to ` blackmails ' by small parties in the coalitions , i think this may be a change for the better . 
  the problem now is that if a party with somewhat ` extreme ' ideas ( i 'm looking at you , m5s ) wins , we 're in for 5 years of crazyness with no way of getting out . 
  italian here . 
  i used to complain about the train system in italy . 
  went to the uk for one year , then to germany for another . 
  i dont ' complain any more , i 'm actually pissed at the trains in germany and uk . 
   as far as i understand it it 's virtually impossible for any judge ( and it will be judges that interpret this ) i interpret this law in a way which allows internet companies to pay for preferential treatment from service providers . 
  i hope you are right on this . 
  to be precise , i did not know that the ` specialized services ' could not be obtained by paying . 
  i 'm still not totally convinced , since many internet companies are standing up to block this law , but it may be a bit better than what i thought . 
   the provisions also allow for specialised services to have priority internet access on the condition that they do not harm the open internet access . 
  such services can include healthcare services like tele-surgery or remote surgery where a doctor can perform surgery on a patient even though they are not physically in the same location but can advise another doctor via an internet connection . 
  using tele-surgery and the like to justify priority to ` specialized services ' is just a bait and switch which will be used to circunvent all the good words above about open internet . 
  this is what we have to fight against . 
  the problem is not that priority for tele-surgery is bad , is that the law is not clear about which services deserve the titile of ` specialized ' , and that could be interpreted to mean anything ( like tv streaming , music streaming etc. . ), 
  basically , a big fuck you . 
  that 's your opinion . 
  no offense , but i like the fact that most people disagree with you . 
   political union . 
  that 's the idea . 
   the only difference is whether you have to show your passport at the border or not small correction : you do n't need your passport . 
  you are allowed to go trough any eu border with just a id document ( such as a national id card ) . 
  i 've lived in london in the past , and never used my passport to get into the uk . 
  italian here . 
  i would not bat an eye if the eu government could overrule the italian one ( as long as it could overrule all the other national govmts as well ) , i would be happy . 
   all national cuisine are good if done properly . 
  they have to exist in order to be done properly . 
  i do n't want to be polemic , but is yours a passive-aggressive threat ? 
  i mean , do you really expect europe to be willing to take in a country drifting towards islamism ? 
  in your posts you are trying to guilt trick europeans into wanting to help turkey , and that is not a good attitude if you want people to like you . 
  saying `` the turk has no friend but the turk '' does not really work if you goal is to make friends . 
  as was said in other comments , if turkey can proves that that it can become a western , liberal country , then there is no one that will stop turkey from joining . 
  i completely agree in principle . 
  but since the end result of tips is that the owner will pay his employees less , those taxes are being evaded by the owner , not by the waiters . 
  i might be just bad at noticing them then . 
  til, 
  maybe in touristic locations . 
  again , i 've lived there for 25 years , never tipped . 
  never felt like i had to , never saw anyone tip . 
   italy  tips choose one . 
  in my 25 yrs of existence , i 've never seen anyone tip in italy . 
  and that 's a good thing , we already have a decent amount of tax evasion , we do n't need more . 
  ^ ( yes , tips are basically income which is not taxed . 
  no one pays vat or income taxes on tips ), 
   switch sides which never happened . 
  rekt, 
  thanks !, 
  have a nice weekend as well !, 
  yeah ... but i put the !, 
  as an exclamation mark , not a factorial . 
  hence , i 'm stupid . 
  now i feel ashamed, 
  fuck , i 'm stupid . 
  ^ ( and i have a master 's in physics ... ), 
  that 's amazing ... you can make opinions out of thin air with n = 0 !, 
  spotted the german ... , 
  yep , in embassies the laws of the hosted country apply . 
  for example , italian police is not allowed to enter those buildings . 
  the 'em bassises ' are not that many , the list is [ here ] ( http://www.vatican.va/roman_curia/secretariat_state/archivio/documents/rc_seg-st_19290211_patti-lateranensi_it.html ) ( allegato ii , tav 1 -12 ) . 
  they are technically not part of the vatican territory . 
  they are part of italy , but vatican has jurisdiction over them . 
  they are like embassies . 
  for those who read italian , art 15 del concordato : '' [ gli edifici ] bench\u00e9 facenti parte del territorio dello stato italiano , godranno delle immunit\u00e0 riconosciute dal diritto internazionale alle sedi degli agenti diplomatici di stati esteri . '', 
   carpets on walls ? 
  the are called arazzi in italian . 
  [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tapestry ), 
   your opinion about why boschi 's father bank was saved ? 
  the same about why all the other banks were saved , and not in italy alone , but around the world . 
  the bank would have been saved with or without boschi 's father there . 
  if you want to say differently , the burden of proof is on you , otherwise we are just speculating about ` aria fritta ' .
