  just because it 's convenient does n't make it desirable . 
  i do n't care for mra much but if you look at their sub , you 'd have to wonder - what do they have to do with men 's rights ? 
  certainly a reactionary sub devoted almost exclusively to bashing women deserves no such name . 
  literally the point of most subs including / r/anarchocapitalism, 
  of course , it 's not in google 's interest to actually police its users - when you view it in a vacuum . 
  however , in the bigger picture , there is an entire industry of selling your private data , in which google and facebook are just the most prominent end-nodes . 
  why do you think facebook bought whatsapp ? 
  because they could n't write some code and hack up a bsd infrastructure ? 
  they bought it for the userbase , and the most valuable asset there is your personal data . 
  and it 's not just any data . 
  they can deduce more information from a couple of messages , searches , and likes , than the amount of characterization in the search for lost time , a 4000 page opus by proust pretty much devoted to introspection and relationships . 
  liked a particular french fries brand ? 
  we can predict your iq is higher than x with  90 % accuracy . 
  now imagine all the patterns we could deduce if we * literally knew everything that ever interested billions of people personally , politically , scientifically !, 
  * imagine if we knew where you were , how much you liked certain stuff , how you wrote ... 
  imagine having access to literally all private/personal communication . 
  and best of all , imagine people giving this to you for free ( and of course sometimes asking their friends to rat on them , e.g. 
  facebook tagging ) . 
  people have n't thought about it . 
  we have to spread awareness and try to built safer and more private means of communication ( shout out to / r/privacy , / r/eff , / r/gnu , and / r/tox - subs socialists should definitely be at least familiar with ) . 
  now of course that the government , presently , is a larger physical threat . 
  but they too get much of their data from these corporations . 
  why waste electricity when facebook and google are kind enough to hand you over their own analysis ? 
  besides opposition is not a dichotomy . 
  i 'm against both government and private spying . 
  in fact they are often one in the same . 
  actually i do n't think it 's that bad . 
  sure this particular post is quite out of touch , but most regulars are calling it out . 
  woah that 's radical , take it slow / s, 
  i think you 're seeing to much into it . 
  most people just want to feel like they belong . 
  for example comics such as these are actually quite common on ancap sub . 
   guy who revolutionized several areas of linguistics , can be credited with quite a chunk of modern computer science , acted as a public intellectual and inspired debate for decades , was one of the loudest anti-war activists , and promotes anarchist thought , is just a dummy, 
   because i said so in a vitrolitic comment on reddit, 
   truth does n't matter , we need *** both sides ***, 
  [ you are literally engaging in cognitive dissonance . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/sgarqof0tpq ), 
   my cognitive dissonance and reactionary views should be tolerated by everyone because * muh feels *, 
  yeah , no . 
  yeah that 's why we still teach people about his grammar theories . 
  his work has practically transformed programming languages and compilers . 
  clearly you are very biased against him , present no arguments based in reality , and succumb to insults , i suggest you try being more rational . 
  how is docker , a server technology , related to a consumer electronics os ( assuming that 's what this hp 's thing is ) ? 
  lol what ? 
  c++ did n't come out of a `` c + '' , such a thing probably does n't even exist . 
  c++ ( and other ' + + ' naming schemes ) are a joke/throwback about c 's + + operator , which updates a value by one in place . 
  ah , ok then , thanks . 
  not sure that you 'd benefit much from docker in that case . 
  there are already solutions for doing just that . 
  i could be wrong though , as i have n't used docker . 
  yes what ? 
  covered what ? 
  yep , sure , i just thought he was being specific because * current * operating systems make use of containerisation , for example ubuntu ( at least in development ) - he did n't provide much reason for these two technologies would be more than the sum of their parts , i.e. 
  why docker relevant here specifically and not everywhere else . 
  i think most are interpreting my comments as attacks or serious rebuttals , when i 'm just asking questions . 
  i 'm not professional in this area and certainly have n't claimed he 's * wrong . 
  sorry , but `` workstation '' ? 
  what was wrong with ` desktop ' ? 
  how is a non-english-speaking or non-it person gon na orientate around that ? 
  haha yeah , i know about that :d, 
  ( just to be pedantic , above the syntax level , they 're really two different platforms with two different methodologies behind development . 
  this is not an actual progression like from c -  c++ , but simply a joke . ), 
  ah , i had n't noticed , sorry, 
  in europe i 've never heard of that term . 
  on the us-internet , it 's almost exclusively used to refer to actual workstations . 
  yeah your university might have but my point was that using ` desktop ' would be simpler and more recognizable . 
  i was looking for that option until i realized that it 's just called ` workstation ' now , for some reason . 
  fartpurfartism ? 
  still not my point , and still irrelevant to the discussion . 
  also are you seriously downvoting me ? 
  what do you think that achieves ? 
  microservices sound like a concurrent unix ... 
  do you have some more examples of organizations using this model ? 
  except google which sounds like the archetype . 
  the point is that other people of similar backgrounds could be confused by the name . 
  does n't mean one side is n't completely full of shit . 
  that i * have * seen . 
  not how i understand the word desktop or workstation , but i 'm obviously in the minority here . 
   private companies built the internet into what it is, 
  even disregarding practically all academic research that went into it , the internet was still almost completely a military/research/government invention . 
  just like most of science and technology . 
  it 's not immediately exploitable by a single entity , so private investors could scarcely do it . 
   interestingly , drm is 100 % completely and utterly pointless, 
  [ you could n't be more wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.defectivebydesign.org/ ) it 's extremely effective . 
  in these situations it 's always smart to assume that companies maybe are n't telling you the true purpose , not that they 're just too dumb to subtract two numbers to see that they 're losing money . 
  first of all i 'm pointing out that you were historically wrong . 
  most important technological research in the 21st century has been government funded . 
  i 'm not saying other models are n't possible , but that in a capitalist system such research is n't encouraged . 
  you can improve a processor working for a processor company , but you can hardly jump-start the their silicon valley ( thanks in large part to nasa ) . 
  it simply involves extreme levels of risk only government can take and the nature of the research ( fundamental , wide implications ) make it hard to directly profit from . 
  everyone was better off with govt . 
  spending trillions on the computer industry and research in the end . 
  you can easily do that without extending i 's scope . 
  however , when would you actually do something like that ? 
  seems like a code smell to me . 
  i ca n't think of any situation where this would be a more elegant solution , and even if there were , my criticism still applies in general . 
   this is a very weak ground you place your argument upon . 
  i 'm not basing an argument on a construct i can not find a use for , you are . 
  when discussing something it 's completely valid to express doubt .
