  the libraries , frameworks , compilers ? 
  the application logic ? 
  database engineers ? 
  in reality all software systems are so complex that even if you manage to pinpoint the bug i would highly doubt that going after its creators makes much sense . 
  the person or organization that is left is the one that used their knowledge of the vulnerability for their own benefit and did enormous damage . 
  in a fair legal system - i do n't see why they would n't be held responsible for their own wrongdoing . 
  it seems to me you are only defending your political ideology and not trying to achieve a fair and equal legal system . 
  as far as other points about states and police go , i would rather not engage you , because i know in advance nothing would come out of it , and they 're not that relevant either . 
  it 's generally best to actually state the point you are trying to make . 
  as far as i see , you 're arguing against personal responsibility when it comes to a certain class of attacks . 
  actually north korea is not communist , not even nominally . 
   do you believe that we should create laws that punish people based on what it is possible or not possible for them to do ? 
  do we punish people who own pencils because its possible for them to stab someone with it ? 
  do we punish people who have the information on how to make pencils ? 
   even from your perspective of justice which seems retribution based , does it even make sense to punish people based on possibility and not what has physically happened ? 
  i am not advocating any policy in that section , merely contesting your definition of information . 
  no punishing involved ( at this point ) , just a different perspective on the concept of information and how it relates to justice and society . 
  essentially , and i repeat myself , you have a completely materialistic view of information - you view it as the actual physical representation ( bits and bytes ) - but what i am saying is that this information can function just as material property because of the meaning we give it ( as to how , see my previous post ) - and should thus be protected by law . 
  you touch an excellent point there though - about the retribution-based legal system . 
  it had me wonder ( and i 've concluded that punishments are still quite important , because how else would crime be deterred and social norms established ? 
  - we might totally disagree on this too but again , it might not be very relevant ) . 
  but really , we are not discussing punishment , even if i may have talked in the framework of the current legal system which assumes it - we are discussing responsibility . 
   and do n't we agree that what has physically happened is not an actual physical invasion of any kind ? 
  define ` physical invasion ' . 
  an attack that results in material damage ? 
  clearly hacking attacks * can * be physical , if that is your definition . 
   it seems that you agree with my explanation of what physically happens from a computer network perspective but you do n't `` like '' the idea of blaming the people who are physically responsible . 
  no , i do n't agree with you on who is responsible . 
  intention and power are two concepts very close to responsibility . 
  the attacker has both . 
  i am not , however , completely relinquishing the victim of the responsibility - you could almost always have acted better in retrospect . 
   why are we calling people who broadcast messages `` perpetrators '' ? 
  do you not agree that the messages that ultimately are received by the computer systems in question were in fact broadcast by equipment owned by the operator , and not by the individuals you are calling `` perpetrators '' ? 
  if you do not agree , can you offer a factual counter argument in the terms of physical actions and results ? 
  i am calling them perpetrators because they caused harm for their personal benefit . 
  if you cause harm with a borrowed gun , i would still consider you the primary perpetrator - but i did n't completely disregard the responsibility of the borrower . 
   this is easy . 
  the person is distressed because their secrets were copied . 
  those secrets were copied because they put them on a public network without fully understanding the risks . 
  it 's their fault . 
  so basically you are arguing against ... the internet ? 
  as it stands i do n't consider your position to be a practical one . 
  the road analogy does * not * apply here either , it 's a completely different situation when you consider the power balance , i.e. 
  regular users vs. trained hackers , and the intent - hackers who steal credit card information do so with significant effort and planning , unlike most of those who cause traffic accidents . 
  even if it was comparable , would you put the entire weight of the blame on an unknowing victim of a road-maniac ? 
  i would n't - we have many laws that protect victims in such cases . 
   `` but this analogy is lame , information being publicly displayed on a street lamp is totally different than public computer networks . '', 
   i can understand why it might seem that way if you are not familiar with how these networks physically work . 
  but it is not different . 
  if you send your users ' passwords in plain text over such networks ** it 's solely your faults because that 's the dumbest thing you can do . 
  ** practically no one does that . 
  companies rely on technologies like ssl , hashing , firewalls , and i assume many others to actually prevent that . 
  i 'm not talking about such cases , where it 's very clear that it was within the company 's ability to protect themselves . 
  these are edge cases , but even here * - it 's not the user 's fault * , it 's the company whose bad practices have caused the damage - because as you 've described , they 've put their users ' information in the public . 
  let me make this clear - if you put any information in the public , you are responsible for it . 
  the difference is when someone has to hack you to get it , where you follow the industry standards , but someone breaks in regardless , because they invested effort and knowledge . 
  even if they hack you , it 's still their responsibility as to what they do with the data . 
  if they use it to steal your user 's property - it becomes their fault as well . 
  an analogy will help - if you leave your front doors open , you definitely get a share of the responsibility for the possible case of theft , but so do the people who 've actually stolen . 
   government employee homes though, 
  how could you possibly advocate this ? 
  your ideology is based on moral , but right now you are advocating harming human beings simply for their role in society . 
  that 's completely amoral . 
  wait is that a real thing ? 
  i thought it was a derogatory term for women invented by 4chan . 
  i mean they sure use it like that . 
  sides -  orbit, 
  not an american . 
  does that mean that they just switched names ? 
  or the parties changed ? 
  why and when ? 
  pedophilia is a legitimate psychiatric disorder and can thus not be an ` orientation ' . 
  i do n't think incest is even connected to any of that . 
  it has nothing to do to what you are attracted , it 's completely situational . 
  [ here 's is an interesting account of all the technical problems with marriage equality and polygamy . 
  ] ( http://qntm.org/gay ) do n't worry , it 's not overly technical , i believe you could understand it even if you 're not a programmer . 
   does n't give women 's free choice enough credit, 
  only if you assume we 're living in an equal society . 
  case in point : prostitution exists . 
  wait , those who could afford to attract multiple women , already do it . 
  i mean what 's the difference between this and a system that has polygamy ? 
  if you are rich you can just buy whores . 
  i 'm not a polygamy advocate because it 's simply not what many people want , but a lot of people consider it taboo . 
  i do n't see anything to gain by allowing it , and a much bigger effort would have to be mounted to achieve that . 
  just does n't pay off . 
  the difference is that incestual sex frequently results in kids who are fucked for life . 
  smoking and drinking are personal choices that may harm you after a while , or may not . 
  it 's totally different . 
  sure , with the tiny difference that homosexuality makes you want to spread love and rainbows , and pedophilia to hurt little kids . 
  there is nothing similar between the two and using `` homosexuality used to be a disorder '' is not an argument against pedophilia actually being one . 
   `` liberal '' being stolen by democrats, 
  from what i 've seen it 's pretty much an insult in america . 
  i doubt democrats `` stole '' it as much as republicans demonised it . 
  in europe liberal still implies being in favour of market economy though . 
  besides , ancap is a * different thing * than both libertarianism and liberalism . 
  depends on which country . 
  most western european countries have government-run healthcare and pretty much free higher education . 
  which is much more socialist than the us . 
  us finance is managed by a non-federal , non-sovereign , private entity , i think ours are more state-managed . 
  also , those monopolies you described have nothing to do with socialism .
