  almost any other topic is meant by people crying `` leftist oppression '' where none exists . 
  jesus only now can i put myself in the perspective of people complaining about it prolonging ... for me it has been half a year of leisurely reading and zero wait time ... 
  i was wondering why it was n't * longer * - but i 've never thought about people who had been waiting for over a decade for it ... 
  i 'd love to hear what / r/anarcho _ capitalism has to say about protection of rights . 
  especially from externalities . 
  i do n't , what extension ? 
  now imagine being able to do that instantly , without thinking or any effort , at the age of 10 , because * logic * . 
  rights are values that we find worth protecting . 
  they 're meaningless if there is n't a system to protect them . 
  obviously , the current american government is failing to protect the citizens ' rights to not being poisoned . 
  the solution that i see here is stricter regulation , the problem stems from the fact that america is too `` business friendly '' - which is a code for `` we let rich people do anything they want '' . 
  this could never happen in my country because anything like this is checked to hell and back . 
  ( but then again we have more ecologists who are keeping an eye on businesses and have like 4 mil . 
  people total , so it 's kind of not comparable . ), 
  what would be the the free market solution in this case ? 
  ah , the chrome/firefox thing ? 
  the one people who are frustrated about tech buzzwords use , or something reddit specific ? 
   they 're against my political movement centered pretty much solely on criticising feminism and women , therefore they hate men !, 
  is / r/feminism even a legitimate sub ? 
  i read it was basically started ... preventively . 
  did n't even make a judgement , only fun . 
   well done , you * typed * it perfect !, 
  subtle or what, 
  ( very inexperienced with bootstrap , only used it on a couple of side projects ), 
  looks like something that 's about to be aborted . 
  wow , that sucks , although i have no idea what half of those acronyms mean ( pua ? 
  is there any progress to resolve this ? 
   the term patriarchy has the same problem the term feminism does - it is a gendered term . 
  yes , but that was the reality back then . 
  the word `` patriarchy '' does n't have to imply it was good for all men - simply that they held power , which is true ( and still is given that men control everything that matters ) . 
  as opposed to ... what ? 
  what did you expect them to be ? 
  secret unicorns ? 
  god ? 
   if that the original public goal , i think people would be more on board with it . 
  people cried about every little addition to systemd , i doubt anyone would let it pass because `` muh unix philolosophy '', 
  we got to trick the neckbeards and now they ca n't do anything about it , at least that 's the way i want to look at it . 
  what ? 
  since when ? 
  not a native speaker , usually took these people for illiterates, 
  honestly you should take my post with a grain of salt - i approach the issue primarily from the standpoint of a desktop user , and at the moment really do n't care about this if it does n't disrupt my workflow . 
  it 's just kind of funny to see people going nuts over it all the time ... 
   invented in someones garage, 
  the computer revolution was kickstarted by the small , personal investments , `` from someone 's garage '' . 
  that 's still the private sector 's doing , though . 
  however , in general , you are correct - technologies like the internet , and practically everything that formed the foundation for modern computers , was researched by the us govt. , and a big chunk of it , by the nasa ( without it , you americans would n't have your precious silicon valley ) . 
  maybe i should 've prepended `` personal '' to computer . 
  but yes , it all started as clubs , labs , and later , companies , from individuals . 
  yes , that 's what i meant . 
  personal computer industry would n't be a thing if not for the enthusiasts in clubs and labs all over america in the 70s/80s making their shit in their garages etc. 
  of course none of that would 've been possible if decades of public research had n't laid the foundation and provided everything that was required . 
  it 's an editorialized title . 
  not one of those comments fits the description . 
  by `` individual '' , i meant individual , personal , small capital investments , that belong to the private sector . 
  what do you mean `` where '' ? 
  that entire `` industry '' is a fraud created by useless bloggers who want to sell you books about an imaginary `` skill '' . 
  create good content and you go up in ranks , simple as that . 
  do n't fuck up basic server settings , ie . 
  hire someone competent . 
  no , not investors as in banks , but individual inventors like steve jobs , bill gates , and many more that followed . 
  they were building the first personal computers , while the giants focused primarily on enterprise and business solutions . 
  the most recent example of this would be linus torvalds creating linux in his own time - thus enabling modern internet services and the web , but apple started in a garage as well , and microsoft bought their revolutionary os - also from some guy . 
  the entire hacker culture is based on examples like this . 
  not fundamental scientific discoveries , but rather their application into our daily lives - which is equally important . 
  jobs would n't be able to create a personal computer had he not had access to processors and components that were a result of government funded research , but his contribution was still immensely important . 
  you might disagree with their individual contributions ( however i think they were still important ) , but they are just the most notable examples , ie . 
  the ones who got filthy rich off it . 
  besides , i 'm explicitly not describing capitalists , but students/nerds/hackers , stealing cash from their parents to buy a computer ( or parts from a computer ) and make something useful with it ( or join a pc club and showcase their progress etc ) . 
  they became capitalists later , but they were n't then . 
  they were still not the public sector though . 
  yeah , because private companies are incapable of spying or doing moral wrong . 
  if i was able to actually get information about which products i should stop buying , then i could have the full freedom to make an informed choice . 
  but that is completely impossible . 
  furthermore , through marketing , analysis , and propaganda , the private sector further takes away my * freedom of choice * . 
  essentially your argument that `` i can just stop buying their products if i do n't like them '' is analogue to an equally dishonest one that `` you can just get out if you do n't like government '' . 
  if we were to follow such arguments we 'd find ourselves living in the next jungle . 
  we should be more realistic and honest about our arguments . 
  both the government and the private sector can do terrible , damaging , things - but they 're the reality and they 're not going away any soon ( maybe the forms will change - but the underlaying power structures will remain ) . 
  we can only work to make them more transparent , to give people more and more freedom . 
  sometimes the two `` freedoms '' seem mutually exclusive , but i do n't think they are . 
  what does it mean for power to be decentralized ? 
  is that good , if so , why ? 
  how is it achieved by ` getting rid of the government ' ? 
  is that the best way to do it ? 
  what are the costs and benefits of this way compared to another ? 
  would that system be sustainable ? 
   also , i do n't really see how advertising takes away your ability to choose whether or not to buy something . 
  if advertising did n't influence you , then advertising would n't be a thing . 
  the entire purpose of it is to make you want things , and it 's god damn successful . 
  sure you make the choice , as long as it 's between coca cola and sprite , they 're happy . 
  do you have a choice about seeing these ads ? 
  in today 's world , no , not really . 
  * i * personally try to limit my exposure , but they 're still a huge part of my daily life . 
  and other people are n't even conscious about ads , and even enjoy them . 
  ( i 'm not making a value judgment here , just observing , ), 
   amazon.com has a pretty good system for getting information about which products you should buy , so i would n't call it completely impossible . 
  the government gives you a neat system called democracy . 
  do n't like taxes ? 
  vote them away !, 
  meanwhile in reality , that 's absurd .
