  the problem itself is complex . 
  `` let 's beat their children '' ** is not . 
  ** it 's nazi . 
   it 's inspiring for those that do n't believe that a single person can make a difference . 
  please do n't tell me i 'm the only one laughing my ass off to this . 
  all you have to do is wish it hard enough and you 'll become a rich capitalist !, 
  i do n't want microsoft to have my data , that 's where it ends for me pretty much . 
  this is just in : guy discovers that comments voluntarily posted on a public online forum can be read by other people . 
  reddit literally worse than hitler ? 
  read the full article to find out !, 
  you 're a bit thick are n't you . 
  my private data is not the same as shit i ** voluntarily post on a public forum . 
   deep characters that are not 1 dimensional . 
  yeah the show has quite a lot of * dimensions * to it heh, 
  umm are you serious ? 
  to me it seems like his friends do it in a garage . 
  i only listened to his older/ironic stuff tho , i 've seen him pop up recently i guess he 's trying to become `` real '' these days , but i have n't listened to him, 
  ok i 'm just gon na conclude i ca n't recognize good production . 
  sounds like my own local trap rappers https://youtu.be/wxjxznga_oc, 
  this thread is a huge circlejerk and there 's pretty much nothing you can do about it . 
   white males are the oppressed ones , no wait oppression does n't exist, 
  so you believe women and people of color are biologically worse at programming ? 
   irrelevant . 
  no but you see , you 're being inconsistent with your reasoning . 
  only one of these two explanations of why much less women and minorities are contributing can be true at the same time :, 
  they are biologically incapable of being as good as we , white males are . 
  this includes pre-programmed lack of interest in women for things which seem to be important in society , and can also include simple inferiority , pick whichever you feel less uncomfortable with . 
  there are things in society that shape us which are out of our control , such as stereotypes , gender roles , harassment , role models , etc. 
  to me it seems pretty obvious that it 's 2 . 
  especially when you consider that there are about 10x more women working in commercial it roles than in open source . 
  pretty direct proof that it 's the culture to blame . 
  and from there it 's really easy to conclude that we should be taking steps to make our society more just . 
  you 're definitely right that you can learn stuff about me by cross-referencing it . 
  you 're * probably * right that you could find stuff which would make real-life me uncomfortable . 
  but you 're missing the point on a whole other level : all of this data i give off with an acknowledgement that it can be cross-referenced , because that 's the implicit assumption of public media . 
  my issue is that i simply do n't want to give that consent to microsoft . 
  i do n't know what they 're collecting . 
  they 're closed source . 
  they were collecting all keystrokes at one point . 
  i do n't give a shit about what their pr department twisted into `` telemetry '' : i give permission to debian to report anonimizied crashes , i ** do n't and should n't ** give permission to microsoft to collect whatever they wish . 
  debian is transparent . 
  debian gives me choice , and complete control . 
  debian warns me ahead of doing it . 
  microsoft - who knows ? 
  so it 's my right to say : fuck off microsoft . 
   there is absolutely nothing keeping anyone from submitting code . 
  go to it . 
  there 's about as many women as there are men in society . 
  if a lot fewer women are submitting code , clearly * something * is preventing it . 
  if women are collectively deciding not to participate , * there is something behind that decision . 
  * if they 'd like to , but ca n't , * there is something behind that inability . 
  it 's a simple fact of physics that things have causes . 
  you ca n't wiggle your way out of logic . 
   culture to blame ? 
  what utter nonsense . 
  compelling , but no . 
   what you 'd like is for people submitting bad code to be held to lower standards based on gender or ethnicity . 
  no i would n't . 
   second , you neglect other possibilities , including the blatantly obvious `` maybe they just do n't want to '' . 
  this is not a cause . 
  this is an outcome . 
  this is the outcome we are trying to determine the cause of . 
  if women and minorities collectively decide to participate less in some social activities , there has to be a reason for it . 
   both of those explanations can be factors to varying degrees . 
  this is true . 
  there can also be a feedback loop between the factors . 
  i was banalizing the situation to make it easier to grasp . 
  however , i and most other people tend to view these as mutually exclusive positions , and it is very likely that only one of them is a major contributing factor . 
  if you believe 1 is true , you probably also believe it causes some form of 2 , and if you believe 2 is the primary cause you are very unlikely to believe in 1 . 
  this is n't really important for the discussion at this point though . 
  at this point you 're just repeating yourself . 
  since you 're irrational i do n't care what you believe , i just hope that people who are reading this discussion can see that you 're denying logic . 
  it 's an acknowledgement that people do n't make decisions out of thin air . 
  you did n't grow up in a vacuum and suddenly had an idea that linux might exist and that it might be cool . 
  you , just like me , grew up and were influenced by pressures from your environment : culture , expectations , stereotypes , physical limitations , role models , peer pressure , and so on . 
  classes as in `` ways to pack data '' or classes as in oo ? 
  for the former i can hardly think of any , an for the later ... any non-oo language ? 
  like c , haskell , etc. 
  literally what the op was saying . 
  his sentiment is that systemic oppression is not a thing . 
  really compelling argument, 
  uhh how do you pronounce europe ? 
  he sarcastically wrote :, 
   did n't you know meritocracy impossible because minorities are systematically oppressed ? 
  and that claiming it is possible is perpetuating the lie ? 
  which implies he does n't believe systemic oppression is a thing . 
  so yes , yes it was . 
  here 's a hint : the entire point of even talking about systemic oppression is that some people , go figure , are being systemically oppressed , and do n't have equal opportunities . 
  now if you believe that you can have meritocracy without equal opportunities then you have some other definition of meritocracy than me . 
   cute girl saying things i agree with, 
  oh man must be comfortable in that echo chamber . 
  lol, 
  there is none . 
  this entire thread is your echo chamber . 
  most of reddit is . 
  the majority opinion here is on your side . 
  i ca n't believe this is getting downvoted . 
  emo is a subgenre of hardcore punk , it has nothing to do with dressing weird and wearing excessive makeup as a guy . 
  in fact from what i 've seen the dresses are very often casual or working class-y . 
  then again these people probably think tokio hotel is emo too so why bother .
