  with free software ) , share with anyone i want , and do anything i want with . 
   socialist tabloid, 
  you call the guardian a `` socialist tabloid '' ? 
  really ? 
  that `` socialist tabloid '' has done more for freedom than couch revolutionaries like you ever dreamed of . 
  ah , i already put ` moz_use_omtc = 1 ` in my ` . profile ` - but it did n't work , and still does n't . 
  when i export it in the shell and start ff via the command line - then it works !, 
  fuck you i 'd be a short asian girl , but no one asked me, 
  if you 're actually implying that women have more rights in the third world i really do n't know what to say . 
  you do know that they get stoned for getting raped , frequently ca n't drive cars , are treated like property ? 
  shh do n't break the circlejerk, 
   every survey carried out in the uk shows that females instigate more domestic violence against men than the other way around . 
  source : daily mail, 
  it is disgusting to compare the number of people killed to benefit your ideology , but what about those 99 % of people who * do n't * get killed - they do n't matter to you ? 
  women are systematically denied basic rights like having any say in any public matter , getting an education , they are oppressed beyond reason ( having to wear what men tell them, 
  is it a contest to you ? 
  war exists so no other problems are significant ? 
  besides war directly affects a small number of people ( women too ) - but everybody suffers indirectly regardless of gender . 
  sure , i do n't really care about that thread since it was pointless , but hopefully you can see that a death threat does n't really have any other response . 
  was i supposed to put forward an elaborate treatise on the irony of his position and provide sophisticated arguments defending my right to live ? 
  nah , this is reddit , i did n't really care and i told him to go fuck himself in the nicest way i could . 
  next time i wo n't even engage such a lunatic . 
  please point me to that section of their mission statement/constitution/defining document . 
  i seem to have missed it . 
  they fight for your right to privacy , have you missed the whole snowden situation ? 
  ever heard of glenn greenwald ? 
  and no i 'm not referring to your entrepreneurial activities as advancements of freedom , lol , tone done on the ego . 
  i agree with pretty much everything . 
  war is awful and the draft ( which is gone in most of the developed world , rightly so ) - is a horrible injustice towards men . 
  but war on general * does * affect women as well . 
  they rarely choose to fight , true - but they also live in the cities that get sacked , they also get bombarded , they also lose their homes , families , die of famine , and such . 
  but that 's not really relevant to the discussion above . 
  wow what an objective and unbiased analysis . 
  in either case it would seem you 're only interested in shitflinging , not actual discussion . 
  ca n't say this is n't a frequent experience on this sub sadly . 
  i always had the opposite situation . 
  when the educational system forced us to read books , i thuoght * they * were full of shit , and carried own reading my own stuff or what i 've read about on the net . 
  i was basically an / r/books member before it was cool . 
   the last one only took 2-3 hours to die . 
  what ? 
  oh my god that sounds horrible, 
  wait - why not concentrate on making the ** course ** , and then publish it on one of the existing websites ? 
  that way you deal fully with the actual content . 
  other people have solved the dev/legal/infrastructural problems for you already . 
   make an `` okay '' sign with your hand . 
  not from the us so i 'm probably missing something , but why do brothels seem to be almost always disguised as massage parlors in the us ? 
  if only there were people who could read code . 
  and if only there existed some means of communication between people ... 
  that 'd be pretty sweet because then those with the required knowledge could spend their time developing and researching free software , and then use the means of communication to recommend and distribute their work to others !, 
  man that 'd be so awesome i 'd donate to them . 
  now . 
  [ gnu ] ( https://gnu.org/donate ), 
  [ debian ] ( https://www.debian.org/donations ), 
  [ gnome ] ( http://www.gnome.org/friends/ ), 
  that 's why no one is literally talking about asking every individual reddit or 4chan poster for their opinions , thankfully . 
  none of that compares to what linux has to offer . 
  dynamic workspaces that allow you switching and sending with a simple shortcut or dragging a window between them is quite awesome . 
  desktop one - ide , terminal , a couple of text files, 
  desktop two - documentation ( evince , etc ), 
  desktop three - firefox windows and unrelated stuff, 
  they do great stuff all the time . 
  it 's just that it 's very popular to hate them . 
  and also because most people dismiss animal cruelty until someone makes a story that they can relate to . 
  worse things happen every day to animals . 
  you just do n't give a fuck . 
  each time you 're having these silly thoughts , replace ` cow ' with ` me ' . 
  babies cry because it works and because they do n't know any other form of communication yet . 
  it 's essentially yelling for attention . 
  totally different than being tortured . 
  is it ok now ? 
  yeah not really making a mathematical statement . 
  and it really does it no justice to compare such crimes . 
  but animals live in brutal conditions and then get slaughtered by machines . 
  maybe it is not as painful in the end - but they certainly sufffer their whole lives both physically and psychologically . 
   sierra club, 
  did n't know about them , so thanks for informing me . 
  they seem great . 
  uhh , it might be more fun , but i doubt it 'd be easier then pen and paper + simple schematics for anyone . 
  i sincerely doubt that given that even assembly is totally different than redstone , let alone any newer programming language . 
  so did i , i started with 8-bit microcontrollers and learned about logic gates , adders , etc , on my own . 
  it might get you interested in electronics but i do n't see it being a huge influence in the sense actually doing the stuff would be . 
  which is mostly just wanting to actually code something , or being pushed/shown . 
  i ca n't see how minecraft would inspire me - but actual electronics that you need to get running , definitely . 
  ca n't judge for others , just saying i do n't see it as probable . 
  only if your definition of it is mob-rule , which is not an accepted definition . 
  only if your definition of it is mob-rule , which is not an accepted definition . 
  only if your definition of it is mob-rule , which is not an accepted definition . 
  the anarchists and socialists on the left too ? 
  the leftists in all those organizations any non-profits fighting for your freedom as well ? 
  it 's sad to see so many here blinded by their ideology . 
  the fight for privacy in the us is pioneered mostly by leftists in fact ( free software / open source communities , mozilla , many others ) . 
  do n't confuse democrats/obama with accrual leftists . 
   college is about learning mostly useless cool shit, 
  only if you plan on working somewhere very boring . 
  in that case , almost definitely . 
  but it has nothing to do with their leftist views because the rightists are just the same . 
  true , but if you are conscious of it , you can work on stuff that interests you . 
  is working on compilers the only interesting thing you can work on ? 
  is working on compilers the only interesting thing you can work on ? 
  the poster i was replying to included pretty much every non-mainstream subject .
