  are you seriously calling my sourced refutation circle jerking ? 
  who am i circle jerking with for christ 's sake , all these people who disagree with me ? 
  i 'm not sure you know what that word means . 
  well , ok , but i thought you were making a point . 
  there are obnoxious individuals in almost every movement . 
  i honestly think you need to look up the definition of circle jerking in the context of internet discussion . 
  it does not mean posting sourced replies and refuting someone , which is what i was doing . 
   he was talking about stem vs social studies not female stem vs male stem, 
  yeah , and i told him that it was not something feminists talk about about , and corrected him that the actual issue is representation of women in stem fields . 
  to argue that different fields should have equal pay is retarded . 
  i do n't know whose ass he pulled it out from but i 'm in no way obligated to discuss it . 
   he made a statement about some of the feminists he 's argued and you make a sort of true-scotsman reply about what [ all ? ], 
  feminist truly argue about, 
  huh , so i can basically say `` i saw some people arguing for x , some of them were assholes , therefore fuck x. '', 
  it does n't work like that , and i 'll point out bullshit where i see it . 
   woah who does * this * guy think he is , using correct definitions of words !, 
  and correcting ** me ** ? 
  on the *** internet ?!, 
  yeah since it seems like you just reply with `` no u '' type comments , i 'm going to ignore you from now on . 
  well the us has shown absolutely no regard for international law , and we know for fact that cisco , intel , amd , and most other manufacturers of not only hardware but software components of computer systems and networks , install backdoors for the us government . 
  china simply does n't have the capacity to reach the us levels , although they sure are trying . 
  the us is simply better at it . 
  lol what the fuck ? 
  are you 15 ? 
  made me lol haha, 
  i think it progressed from childish to less so , i mean even though it 's an easy read opalina ai n't really childish , and there are some serious themes creeping in like mental instability , death of close persons , identity , etc. 
  how was harry bad ? 
  it felt like one of the rare movies that actually pulled off child actors . 
  i used to read word up magazine, 
  that was in my copy , which is basically falling apart and is written in a language that does n't even officially exist anymore . 
  are you sure it 's not the original ending ? 
  was n't that idea started and scrapped like five times already ? 
  i remember hearing about new ones periodically some time ago , i was all hype , but then just nothing happened . 
  maybe it was all a single movie that they 're just developing rally thoroughly ? 
  anyway , half life 3 confirmed get tinfoil, 
  serbo-croatian haha  it does exist practically , it 's just croatian , but not officially since the war . 
  til i apparently did n't read all the books, 
  it was a long time , i remember the plot and characters , but i guess this is the reason i could 've never ` remembered ' the ending - i forgot to read it lol . 
  no it was the official language of sfry , which was mostly croatian with some serbian constructs . 
  it was an artificial , ` political ' language , mostly . 
  at least that 's how its perceived now by members of former yugoslavia . 
  wikipedia will tell you that we all still speak it , and we will all deny it . 
  serbian and croatian are like 95 % the same , there is definitely a linguistic argument to make , it 's just that literally everyone 's blood sizzles at the mere mention , and the newer generations do n't even know about it . 
  edit : small correction . 
  `` croatian '' is n't really a single language , we have dialects that are barely intelligible , some are more similar to slovenian than official croatian . 
  we standardised on the less popular shtokavian dialect because it was similar to serbian ( historical and geographical context allowed for it , we did n't always hate each other , and the people who did it were serbs anyway ) . 
  the guy who standardized it was basically the godfather of serbian nationalism , vuk ( means wolf , kinda badass do n't you think ) . 
  man that was fun and awkward to learn about in school . 
  in my country we have free higher education , but only for good students . 
  basically if you care about it , you 'll get it for free . 
  as a bonus there are also no rich people except an enclave of billionaires who already stole everything of value 20 years ago so , hah , checkmate , capitalists , we have nothing left for you to oppress us !, 
  well , ok . 
   i would also argue that that usage of the word socialism would n't `` include almost everything , '' because it would n't include private property . 
  what do you mean `` would n't include private property ? 
  socialism is a socio-economic system . 
  i 'm using the word inclusion in the context of nation-states . 
  if you define a socialist nation-state by the quality of having public ownership , then you 're including all forms of nation-states , because even the most liberal ones had some aspects of it . 
  maybe you did n't fully comprehend it , totally possible for a kid . 
  lego movie , for example , great for kids but a little fucked up if you know what 's going on . 
  oh shit i remember that he lost his memory . 
  did n't it happen like multiple times ? 
  and i honestly do n't remember there being so many books ... 
  although i could 've just read through it and it all merged together into the first two , the eternity code , and the opalina one , which were the most memorable to me . 
  i like it how you 've completely disregarded the most influential open source project in history , and maybe the most influential open source project ever . 
  gpl haters are usually much bigger ideologues than the people they accuse of being so . 
   it 's not like there was an alternative compiler back then when linus started the project . 
  still does n't make it any less impressive . 
   today he would have chosen clang . 
  no he would 've built a plan9 clone , in go and haskell , you filthy casual . 
  ok yes , i think you are right . 
  because guns . 
  [ clang working on it ] ( http://clang.llvm.org/docs/modules.html ), 
  what are those ? 
  once you start using more functional idioms , you will see how optional types are some of the most useful features a language could provide you with . 
  essentially you 'll get no more null exceptions if you start seriously incorporating them . 
  and no more ` if ( bla = = null_ptr ) ` or ` if ( option.defined ( ) ) ` stuff , either - you 're not supposed to use checks . 
  the gist about options is that you treat them as containers of one or zero elements . 
  an undefined option is an empty container , and a defined option is a container of one element . 
  and then you can do stuff like flattening , mapping , foreach , and all other kinds of functional processing - without ever encountering a single segfault !, 
  if you 're interested , here 's [ more ] ( http://danielwestheide.com/blog/2012/12/19/the-neophytes-guide-to-scala-part-5-the-option-type.html ) ( it 's in scala , but it should n't really be a big barrier ) . 
  i honestly suggest using linux if you want to start programming in c or c++ . 
  most technologies are developed for it , and getting your compilers to work on windows is an excruciating process . 
  an ide is a tool you should only use once you already know what 's going on behind the scenes . 
  so they 're definitely not great for learning c or c++ . 
  besides , vim has better editing support for c-family languages . 
  + superior compilers and it 's just easier to work with on linux . 
  what you did n't have recess ? 
  what ? 
  your classes just started as soon as they finished ? 
  we had 5 mins in between classes , usually just enough to get to the next classroom , but you need * some * kind of a pause . 
  also , we had 15 mins in the middle of the day , to get food and shit . 
  yes , they do n't , because they obscure the details of how programs are structured and built , which is essential knowledge for anyone learning c or c++ . 
  you just have to eventually learn how to interface a compiler , how header files and object files function , and maybe even how to write makefiles or configure some other preferred build system . 
  using a bottom-up approach is excellent because it will make more sense along the way , especially because after you feel comfortable in your environment , you wo n't have an incentive to go back , even though you might have holes in your knowledge . 
  if you have a point , say it , sarcastic remarks that do n't really amount to anything are a waste of time . 
  no , of course you wo n't get newbies to code in vim , i said just `` text editor '' . 
  for example , geany or gedit . 
  they are cross-platform , and implement those ide features that help you with programming , without taking away your control from project structure . 
  what i 'm talking about are not `` pro level features '' in terms of the language of library , but rather crucial insight into how it actually * works * ( on a really high level ) . 
  but in the end you are right , it 's a matter of personal preference .
