  `` information '' is not at all a concrete concept that you can reason about as a whole . 
  digitalized content , maybe . 
  i 'm with you on that front . 
  but `` information '' is too vague and encompasses too many different things . 
  my credit card details ? 
  medical details about members of my family ? 
  matters of national security and military intel that could cause havoc if publicly available ? 
  global commerce networks ? 
  memory of routers that facilitate secure transactions ? 
  all of that falls under `` information '' , along with other even less connected concepts . 
  i do n't get it . 
  you hate culture ? 
  i think that the difference between `` hacking to get the information '' and `` copying the information somewhere '' is purely semantical , that is , it 's difficult to actually separate the two in reality , and one often leads to another . 
  essentially i do n't see the merit of the differentiation , it does n't bring any new insight into the situation , nor can it be used to justify something . 
  and i maintain , the legality and morality of the situation strongly depend on the context and the type of information in question . 
  on an unrelated note , i like it how wikipedia is now better read in mobile view on my desktop ... 
  seriously the default wiki design needs a refreshment . 
  why ? 
   but i have never even heard of anyone being against net neutrality, 
  really ? 
  i see it often attacked as a government intrusion into private business , at least on reddit and facebook . 
  which is even bigger bullcrap than the arguments isps are using . 
  mostly libertarians , from what i 've gathered . 
  this , ladies and gentlemen , is what we call a corporate shill . 
  man do n't be such dick , 
  [ you have been misled by the media companies to think drm is about copyright enforcement . 
  it is not . 
  it is about restricting your freedoms so they can sell them back to you as `` services '' . 
  drm is highly successful . 
  ] ( https://defectivebydesign.org/what_is_drm_digital_restrictions_management ), 
  why does it have to be ** in the specification ? 
  ** it 's a blatant attack on freedom . 
  this is a huge part of it . 
  firefox will already include it . 
  this has nothing to do with fsf . 
  it 's about harming linux . 
  read the post you are replying to again . 
  lol dem librul athreists right ? 
  i do n't know enough to agree , but from what i 've seen , that could be true , especially the business part . 
  the part about them being socialist is obviously true . 
  what would you change about them though ? 
  i only ever see people either claiming that unions are basically worse than hitler - i do n't trust those people because i know their reasons are dishonest . 
  but i rarely see constructive criticism . 
  i would generally very much support the idea of greater labour bargaining power . 
  [ gnu ] ( http://www.gnu.org/ ) also deserves credit for this . 
  they provided the crucial radio software , but are n't even mentioned . 
  it would be great if you donated to them to support free and open source software !, 
  i trained in mixed-sex martial arts . 
  believe me , girls are unbelievably physically weak . 
  even your scrawny teenager could easily overpower a girl who had a couple of years of training . 
  besides , it 's also mental . 
  girls just avoid fighting more , and do n't get that ` hype ' feeling that makes them want to wreck you up that easily , at least from my experience . 
  are there some sources you would recommend ? 
  left-libertarianism sounds ideal to me . 
  yeah , rich people totally do n't have any power and would never oppress anyone !, 
  instead of letting them do whatever they want , we should regulate them in order to give others a more equal standing . 
  that was the crux of my point in the case it slipped . 
  and no i do n't buy into your populist talk . 
  sure corruption happens , and we should try to eliminate it , but it 's not at all a reason to not have * any * regulation . 
  re-read my comment . 
  you are constantly repeating yourself , using populist rhetoric , and basing your entire argument upon conjectures . 
  mixed you up with the previous commenter , but it does n't matter at all . 
  you 've said the same thing he did . 
  re-read my comment . 
  he does n't even run gentoo, 
  filthy casual, 
  why does race matter ? 
  white people had more violent protests this whole year . 
  this is n't about race at all . 
   stability is worse than windows !, 
  and windows stability is pretty bad !, 
  so yeah . 
  wait, 
  what, 
  i do n't buy that , but i can probably not debate my case here because it 's a forum for ancaps , and i am not an ancap . 
  your argument can be used in its exact form against material property as well . 
  i do n't see a significant difference between `` they hacked my back account and stole everything '' and `` they broke into my house and stole everything '' . 
  one is virtual and consists of someone getting hold of access information , and the other is material , but they 're both theft that i want the state to protect me from . 
  not all information is the same , and there is a reason why no one with judicial authority should be an absolutist on an issue like that . 
  there are varying levels of responsibility and you ca n't just automatically blame the people who got damaged . 
  ease is subjective , but i do n't see your point at all . 
  it 's easy for some people to steal and rape because they are strong , so thank god we invented law and police to prevent that . 
  your definition of information is only relevant if it was impossible to do any damage with it , which is clearly not the case . 
  in your definition , you pretend that it 's all just literally copying bytes - nothing further than that . 
  well , plainly , i reject that definition , and substitute my own - it is not the representation of information that matters , i.e. 
  the bits and bytes that make up a financial transaction , but the * interpretation * of information - its meaning , and the social structures ( money , laws , etc ) around it - that is what we should be talking about . 
  and again , i do n't see the reason why you insist on ~ ~ blaming the victims ~ ~ making positive factual statements of responsibility about everyone except the actual * perpetrator * of the attack . 
  ( snark snark ), 
  let 's say a hacker uses a security vulnerability to get hold of credit card information of users of some company - and then proceeds to use that to his financial benefit - damaging the users , ruining the company itself , and very likely the designers of their networking systems . 
  are users to blame ? 
  of course not . 
  unless they 're currently attending blackhat or def con - they do n't know * shit * about it security , and depend on others . 
  fun fact : half of those security people * can not even protect themselves * ( wall of shame etc ) . 
  it 's not a matter of ** personal ** responsibility at all !, 
  is it the company 's fault ? 
  totally depends on their security practices which range from `` nothing they could 've done to prevent it '' to `` they are completely incapable '' . 
  is it the fault of the designers of that system ? 
  well - which system ? 
  the os ? 
  the network stack ?
