  it 's not about the mouse pad i just bought , it 's about the behavior of private entities . 
  you have no power over some company spilling toxic waste in your area , you have no power over chinese corporation that spy on you using your chinese-made electronics , you do n't even have power over your isps ( but given that you 're a libertarian - you probably think you do n't deserve that power , because they repeated `` we 're being oppressed by the big bad gubmin1 !! '', 
  sufficiently ) . 
  they do this shit all the time , they will continue doing this shit all the time . 
   if government takes your money , then you do n't have a choice . 
  if government bans something , then you do n't have a choice . 
  maybe i 'm missing something . 
  yes , you 're missing the part where taxes are worse than any of that . 
  i think taxes are great . 
  the us government does a whole sack of awful shit , but redistributing wealth they should be doing more of ( and more efficiently , of course , but republicans would never let that happen ) . 
  personally , taxes are a much more acceptable burden to me than private sector propaganda . 
  they do n't try to manipulate me , they 're useful to the society , and the system is comprehensible by a normal human being . 
  simply put , i do n't give two fucks about anarchism on moralistic grounds . 
  i like reality . 
  show me how your government-less system would be better , and then we 'll talk . 
  til blacks are a majority in the us, 
  it 's about leveling the playing field . 
  til racial issues and discrimination are nonexistent, 
  then you open source it . 
  anything related to government should be open source anyway . 
  yes because the current system is designed to only benefit the white majority . 
  which is the very definition of racism . 
  my point is that , in the context of the current system , it is just to treat minorities differently , as otherwise the system is designed to give the already better-off majority , more power . 
  by the way , to people posting in this comment 's thread : this is exactly why the rest of the world sometimes thinks you 're crazy . 
  pretty much no one in my country owns weapons , but if a cop killed a person the streets would be on fire . 
  hell the streets were on fire when they tried to make the students pay more for their education ( from pocket change to a bit more ) . 
  now that you 're talking about farmers when automatic rifles and referring to the people of a country you illegitimately invaded and slaughtered as goat fuckers , now that 's some dense shit . 
  would n't want to even live in a country that let 's any crazy idiot get a hold of a gun . 
  what do you mean `` when '' ? 
  if he watched it , how would he not notice ? 
  or do you mean when as in why ? 
  i never understood the gun thing . 
  actually , i think americans do n't understand it . 
  you always talk about it in binary terms : guns are either sold in candy shops even to kids , or they 're banned and you get yours taken away . 
  it does n't have to be like that at all . 
  here in europe , you mostly just have to get evaluated as a stable person , and give a reason , and you can get a gun . 
  any normal adult that wanted one could get it , especially for self defense . 
  guns are n't `` banned '' - they 're just better controlled . 
  and they need to be . 
  i do n't want your kids to find your gun and kill themselves/others with it like many times it has happened . 
  i do n't want to promote a gun-friendly culture . 
  guns are fucking dangerous because people are unpredictable - when someone tells the old party line that `` guns do n't kill people '' - i just ask them if they 'd rather be near a psycho with a loaded shotgun or without . 
   reddit and facebook being my primary sources on a very controversial subject , i have the slightest hunch that my complete simplification of the situation and blatant bias without a drop of substance or historical context - might in fact not be the accurate representation reality, 
  wow gee how 'd you figure that ? 
  i do n't get how you could miss it , but ok . is the polaroid his camera , or a filming technique ? 
  no , i have seen the movie , literally yesterday , i just do n't know what polaroid means . 
  googled it and saw images of an old camera similar to the one leonard had . 
  great post , you can really write about technical in an approachable manner . 
  wow man , thanks , first time i ever got gilded !, 
  when i saw the message in my inbox i immediately thought `` reddit is coming to its senses , accepting me as the rightful resident opinion-maker '' - but then i noticed that i only had one upvote and read your comment haha ... 
  still , it 's great ( now i just have to learn what exactly that does lol ), 
  now that you described it , i do know those things , just not by name . 
  we never really had them here though ( in europe , the shitty part \u2122 ) . 
  i 'm confused , is n't mcdonald 's already ` owned ' by some entity that then opens these restaurants ? 
   but now there are over a billion linux users, 
  we 're talking about gnu/linux here . 
  there 's a couple million of those i think , and the very vast majority certainly has superior , or at least above-average , knowledge of technology . 
   security holes ( either intentionally or not ) , however most users will never look at any critical source code, 
  thank god the army of programmers from various organizations and volunteers do though , right ? 
  i do n't need to look at the source code of linux - thousands already did . 
   and even some of the most popular ( and crucial ) open-source projects have had enormous security holes . 
  so you 're saying that software has bugs . 
  neat , never would 've guessed . 
  meanwhile , open source is much stricter and efficient and not creating bugs in the first place , finding them , and fixing them . 
  sure there was heartbleed - but it was discovered and patched in an instant . 
  but there might be 10 heartbleeds in your windows server and shit they 'll probably never get fixed . 
  in fact , there are backdoors by the american government , so there you go . 
  no , there are no government backdoors in linux , it 's open source and * used * by multiple rival governments , security agencies , and organizations . 
  let me repeat : there is no software without bugs , open source or not . 
  you think heartbleed was funny ? 
  then you 'll crack up at this : windows xp . 
  they were n't even thinking about security . 
  linux literally has the best people in the field working on its security , the entire hacker community uses it . 
  if `` microsoft * probably * has good enough security '' is enough for you - that 's fine , i just hope you do n't manage any systems that i might interact with in the future . 
   we are entering a time when basic programming knowledge is as necessary as basic math . 
  this is an absolutely ridiculous and dangerous statement . 
  non-programmers should n't to get near any code , and the only reason should `` know the basics '' is if their job requires communication with developers - eg . 
  qa , management , etc - we could benefit if they knew what developers were talking about . 
  do n't you have an informatics subject where teachers would already be required to know how to code ? 
  i have that in my country , and i interpreted this as simply lowering the bar , ie . 
  starting the teaching three years before it 's usually done ( 13 , or 5th grade in my country ) . 
  you 'd just need a bit more teachers though . 
  you could say the same thing about mathematics . 
  everything is enforced in schools , i do n't see how this in particular is a problem . 
  but it 's the government doing it so we have to choose a politically loaded word, 
  you 're on reddit for christ 's sake , act like it, 
  or hack up a line or two in perl to do some basic maintenance , right ... ? 
  meanwhile in reality the majority of people ca n't install their printer drivers correctly without assistance . 
  i 'm just saying that teaching them programming at the age of ten wo n't fix anything , and definitely wo n't actually teach them to think like programmers or apply their skills in the workplace ( speaking from experience of both being educated , educating people , and working with them ) . 
  that requires a certain level of talent and dedication * both * on part of the educator - which most public school teachers simply are n't , and the student - where most students are n't really ready for that ( and never will be ) . 
  if you work with people that write regexes on a daily basis , you 're practically working with an elite club already . 
   non-programmers should n't to get near any production code, 
  yeah well that was mostly snark on my side , of course they wo n't be getting anywhere that matters . 
  my point is that the average person ca n't benefit from being taught programming at that level and age in any measurable way . 
  i still believe that exposure should exist , for the obvious reason of identifying those that do have some potential and continuing to educate * them * . 
  but definitely not on a level of a mandatory class for 10 year olds - that 's plain torture for most . 
  in my country it 's accomplished by simply giving a few optional lectures/demonstrations and then letting the kids who are interested decide . 
  we started from this :, 
   we are entering a time when basic programming knowledge is as necessary as basic math . 
  to which i replied that it 's absolutely not .
