  and now we 're at this :, 
   sure , teaching kids programming wo n't magically make them into super-coders , but i think it would go a long , long way towards improving computer literacy . 
  at the very least it will teach them that computers are something that can be controlled and influenced , as opposed to just perceived . 
  we 're arguing about two different things here . 
  one claim is that programming is a practical skill that will be useful to them in the workplace , and the other a rather vague `` it will improve computer literacy and thinking skills '' kind of argument . 
  the first one is obviously wrong - for programming to actually be useful you need real dedication that i 've already described - which simply can not be achieved in a classroom full people with mixed ( mostly nonexistent ) talent , interests , and concentration . 
  especially if they 're ten . 
  besides , there are extra-curricular activities that are open to anyone interested . 
  additionally , i 'm not buying into your example with regexes . 
  i 'd bet you wo n't be able to get them to understand a basic sorting algorithm . 
  some exposure to programming is great , i 'm not contesting that , and most likely does help the development in similar ways that music or shop classes do . 
  the main difference is the age , intensity , and context of exposure . 
  my argument is that you 're going to have much better results if you focus on teaching programming to those that are actually capable of profiting from it . 
  that means that you filter out those who are n't ( and would introduce costs and inefficiencies into the classroom otherwise ) - do n't make it mandatory , ie . 
  make programming extra-curricular for those who are interested , and/or wait until they get into a technical high school . 
  that 's a rather unsubstantial statement . 
  refer to this [ comment ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/2ann7w/til_the_number_of_chinese_killed_by_the_japanese/cix07kj ) :, 
   the japanese killed 22,000,000 civilians . 
  not even counting the few soldiers that took up resistance . 
   also , human experimentation , and all sorts of horrendous government sanctioned industrial extermination attempts make it a very valid comparison . 
  look up unit 731 , they make mengele look like mother theresa, 
  yes yes of course, 
  ok , i generally agree with you now , it 's just that i did n't agree with the original statement that programming is going to be as necessary as basic math . 
  but i guess i really do n't know enough about this class to judge its feasibility and merit . 
   why in the world would i teach a kid a basic sorting algorithm ? 
  i just gave that as a random example of something much more fundamental and useful than regexes . 
  it 's probably true that they would n't be able to get it , but take your pick from anything simpler ... 
  maybe he died of cancer the next day you judgmental prick / s, 
  i 've certainly seen dumber lamentations of some imaginary political rival on reddit . 
  croatian , possibly other exyu countries : ivan kova\u010d, 
  yep . 
  that 's john smith . 
  you mean cyvasse ? 
  so basically just like the original ? 
  it was mostly snark , but cpu-z looks abysmal , especially for people who have slight vision impediments - i have to lean in to effortlessly read it . 
  the ui is too dense and could use a redesign and restructuring . 
  pretty sure that it does open a website when you install it , but i could be wrong . 
  many similar tools eg . 
  by piriform do open such websites definitely . 
  no , he literally copy posted it , and he had the extension . 
  i see it on my mobile which does n't . 
   bing is eating their lunch, 
  said no one ever , even microsoft employees . 
  i was the only one to notice the irony of a microsoft employee suggesting we search google in one presentation . 
  because i was the only one in the room to remember bing , and had to remind others . 
  that guy worked on azure and had a bing shirt . 
  out of all the things you could take from google ... search is the last one . 
  vim editing and bash sounds too advanced and bores * me * , and i do it for a living . 
  give them the robots , servers ( let them make networked applications ) , pythons - there 's where the fun 's at . 
  i practically only see them on reddit where bing has become a meme for porn lol, 
  what i do hope however is that microsoft makes true on their promise of bing being `` more than just search '' , ie . 
  integrating it better and using it for more services , because google really could use some competition . 
  if you 're using any microsoft software you 're in the same basket . 
  besides , bubbling can be turned off , and actually makes sense . 
  is n't charcoal cancerous ? 
  well most people who use these programs are n't really that familiar with command lines though . 
  maybe on linux , but definitely not on windows , where the gui is much more capable and used than on linux . 
  yeah , does this software really do that every time you start it ? 
  even with piriform it 's only when they have updates , and i 'm pretty sure that 's how it is with cpu-id guys as well - which is fine . 
  opening it every time though , definitely is n't , but i ca n't be bothered to test this, 
  what do you mean by stem master race here ? 
  have you been living under a rock the whole last century ? 
  `` poor rich people , do n't tax them , they have the divine right to destroy society and accumulate all wealth !, 
  * you 'll ruin the economy !, 
  the european union does n't have that much power . 
  it 's all up to the individual countries . 
  some of which are doing fine , democratically speaking . 
  they 've been selling it to the highest bidder for as long as they 've existed - this is a natural phenomenon to them . 
  fascism is the fusion of the corporation and the state . 
  edit : spelling, 
  are you being sarcastic ? 
  do people actually share/discuss porn in social media ? 
   socialism works only when the middle class is completely gutted . 
  then it collapses into a police state . 
  are you one of those people hired to shill in internet discussions ? 
  i can find no other explanation for the level of cognitive dissonance and lack of any tact . 
  what 's next , wealth trickling down ? 
  yeah well nigel farage said the eu eats babies and some other political said some other part of reality mysteriously aligned with his agenda . 
  i do n't listen to them because i live in the eu and can actually inform myself . 
  i know for fact that my comet country is at constant odds with them and i watch laws that are passed . 
  after the initial body of sweeping agreements , we have retained divergent sovereignty . 
  the eu does n't effect the uk as much as it does some other country too . 
  you mean corporate handouts , right ? 
  since when ? 
  i definitely see a very positive sentient towards them on reddit , since a lot of us fall into that category as well . 
  reddit is definitely a pro-technology and science place . 
  do you live in the eu ? 
  can you , without googling , describe the roles of various eu bodies ? 
  i bet you do n't , and i bet you have no idea about it . 
   75 % -80 % is influenced by european laws from the european parliament, 
  this is practically meaningless . 
  besides , you vote for the european parliament , and personally , i 'd like if they had a greater influence on the separate countries . 
  it 's as almost if infighting served a political purpose to someone !, 
  anyways , seriously now , i really hope you saw some isolated cases . 
  if you believe in the idea of wealth trickling down , you 're a paid shill or an idiot , probably both . 
  what if i told you that the reality is much more complex than `` israel baaad ! '', 
  like it 's constantly being portrated here . 
  then yes , it is a complete circlejerk . 
  either that or victim-crying about an imaginary pro-israel lobby here . 
  if such a thing exists , they 're doing a terrible job , unless they 're using this community as an example of complete bias and simplification .
