  ] ( http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2397700/mono-project-why-is-mono-faster-than-net ), 
  in other news : they 're still leeches and patent trolls who are taking money from the pockets of android users by illegitimate patents . 
  they shit all over innovation and openness . 
  i like it how shills do n't even try around here . 
  just look at this worm 's post history . 
   all they really need is his original , long-form birth certificate and they most certainly have that , and obama most certainly knows they have that . 
  and what would be contained in that document to make it such a threat to obama ? 
  i honestly do n't understand your point . 
  are you suspecting he 's not american ? 
  why do you even think it 's about his birth certificate , and not something else ? 
  not american , what is that supposed to signify ? 
  you need to adapt to your hardware . 
  i have a 2gb underpowered netbook that i can program on just fine - i just use it for lighter projects with vim , and do n't code in eclipse or some modern ide . 
  linux is usually much better at handling low-end hardware than other os ' , so there 's that . 
  linux applications are compiled for dozens of architectures . 
  unlike windows stuff , i could build an arm , ppc , or anything more obscure , linux based desktop - and it would work just fine with all my apps being the same . 
   most higher ups in communism were jewish, 
  what does this even mean ? 
  are you confusing an ideology with a state ? 
  yeah , you sure do value your rights over there !, 
  except you are spied on 24/7 , and your government can imprison , kill , or torture you whenever you say anything they do n't like , your worker 's rights are laughable , your future intellectuals are slaves to the banking system . 
  but at least you can be home to the largest neo-nazi groups though !, 
  yeah , you sure do value your rights over there !, 
  except you are spied on 24/7 , and your government can imprison , kill , or torture you whenever you say anything they do n't like , your worker 's rights are laughable , your future intellectuals are slaves to the banking system . 
  but at least you can be home to the largest neo-nazi groups though !, 
  wait , how come ? 
  what freedoms are you denied in europe ? 
  to go on nazi marches ? 
  somehow i ca n't empathize with you on this issue . 
  actually your government is made up of elites and bought by corporations . 
  they 're not `` the people '' too , and i would definitely see them as my enemies . 
  they do n't have your interests at mind or at heart . 
  it 's a very different situation in europe though . 
  or at least in some countries . 
  so are you denying the holocaust or ... ? 
  i support the freedom of fiscal conservatives to advocate policies i strongly disagree with , but i do n't support the right of someone to organize rallies that advocate for genocide . 
  if you do n't see the difference then i feel sorry for you . 
  so what is your point ? 
  that you agree with me ? 
  try to give some context to your statement because i ca n't comprehend it . 
  so enlighten me , what is his point ? 
   considering climate change impacts the entire planet and a nuclear war between 2 nations wouldnt , i dont see how its silly at all . 
  [ nope , we got that covered ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutual_assured_destruction ), 
  i think as a european union citizen i think i 'm more aware of the situation than you are . 
  i vote in locals , parliamentary , and eu parliament elections . 
  it 's a joke on microsoft . 
  they 're the scammers . 
  the joke is that if you are buying microsoft products , you are being scammed . 
  that 's what the op meant . 
  thankfully those probes are n't running windows . 
  `` indeed , zorblarg , but the design of this operating system is so elegant and extensible , that it 's almost as if they were anticipating it !, 
  we have to give them credit for not sending us a virus infested system like the ones we 've got here from macroblob . '', 
  i 'm sure that if you were here to discuss the intricacies of os design , you would have something more substantial to say . 
  feel bad for you then . 
  and i bet you have all the relevant research to support that statement . 
  surely you would n't pull that straight out of your ass . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  what is `` mainstream science '' for starters ? 
  i-isn ' t this how everybody feels , except deluded parents ? 
  kids are fucking horrible . 
  are you female ? 
  honestly kids are bad enough as it is , no need to rip on those that have actual problems . 
  ah , absolutely . 
  that 's not an opinion for starters . 
  `` i hate gays '' is an * opinion * . 
  you are making a statement . 
  i thought you had something to back it up . 
  can someone explain what this is ? 
  they do n't even have an about page . 
  and their website is horrible - they 've even not removed the sample wordpress content ... 
  i do n't think you understand how the private industry works though . 
  they do n't have your interest at mind . 
  only profit . 
  ah , sweet , so it 's some hdl code ? 
  or software that facilitates making it ? 
  if only . 
  if there 's one thing the private sector is undeniably superior at , it 's propaganda ( marketing ) . 
  these are regular people , not just libertarians , who 've been made believe that reducing funding to nasa and the private sector are in their interest . 
  but hey , at least billionaires get to enjoy space tourism !, 
  science lol !, 
  why is this post in * every fucking * threat-related thread !, 
  what is that even supposed to mean ? 
  the rest of the world has much more sensible gun control laws , and weekly shooting rampages are a very american thing . 
  no one wants to straight out ban guns . 
  why not make them harder to get ? 
  instead of selling them in random stores to anyone with an id , you should have a psychological check , background check , a mandatory training , and a limit on the types of weapons you may posses . 
  why would you treat a hunter and someone who needs a handgun for self-defence the same ? 
  they 're not the same , and treating them so can be very dangerous . 
  just letting a random person have an automatic weapon , even if he has good intentions , is more dangerous than not . 
  and gun culture should definitely stop being encouraged . 
  i watched some documentary a long time ago , so i 'm not sure whether this is still true , but the guy basically got a gun as a fucking present for making a deposit in a local bank or something crazy like that . 
  in my country , you are allowed to have a gun if you pass the checks , get the appropriate license , etc. 
  if you want it for self-defence , fun , hunting - you 'll almost certainly get it . 
  shut the fuck up you fucking commie , no one wants your free shit , muh freedoms / s, 
  look at uk . 
  not even the criminals need guns , because the police do n't have them either . 
  certainly a better system than `` lol let kids buy machine guns what could go wrong '' exists . 
  as much as you 'd like it to , `` laws '' do n't exist on a `` more '' and `` less '' scale , just as the government is n't just `` big '' or `` small '' . 
  it 's much more complex than that , and your logic does not hold at all . 
  you 're basically saying that because your laws are outdated , unenforceable , and plain fucking dumb - no better laws can exist .
