  the concept of concentrating capital would n't exist in your mind . 
   yeah , and we all know how well that turned out . 
  i definitely do n't subscribe to the idea that every aspect of ussr and prc was worse than hitler . 
  i think they achieved tremendous things , like improving literacy , gender equality , industrializing feudal society ... 
  it is the duty of contemporary communists to learn from and critique past revolutions and theories , though . 
  and you can not do that from an anti-intellectual standpoint like that , though . 
   if the path to a stateless classless utopia requires an indeterminate period of heavy-handed government control , then no thanks . 
  which specific problems are you referring to ? 
  i agree that communists states should be more discriminatory when it comes to things like forming a cult of personality , ideological purity through violence , etc. 
  but most of these were deviations from lenin 's way of doing things anyway ( democratic centralism ) . 
  if you do n't like economic planning , then you 're basically a liberal and anti-communist . 
   the ussr did not cut off foreign trade . 
  they imported a lot of things from other , non-communist , countries . 
  you are wrong here . 
  they did n't trade with capitalist countries . 
  they did cooperate with communist countries . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign_trade_of_the_soviet_union, 
  you are not a socialist . 
  you are a social democrat . 
  all important changes are bloody , look up the history of the worker 's rights movement . 
  edit : love the fact i 'm being downvoted even though i 'm literally correct by every metric . 
  can you elaborate on india ? 
  i read their intro to mlm it was really great . 
  do they have influence in their society ? 
  that 's like more than 10 times the population of my entire country !, 
  it 's incredible . 
  i wonder how i did n't hear about these things before . 
  i 'll research it myself when i have time , but if you have some good texts about them , and the communist movement in india in general , please link it comrade , 
  that 's categorically wrong . 
  see rosa luxemburg , the practical founder of democratic socialism . 
  just because a certain american social democrat appropriated the name , it does n't mean that the definition has changed . 
  the * democratic * in democratic socialism is not opposed to revolution ( rather the opposite ) , but to authoritarianism of marxism-leninism . 
  lol wrong , heard of nasa , darpa , universities , cern , or the military ? 
   i am not opposed to regulation . 
  i do not believe in complete laissez-faire capitalism either . 
  but i am highly skeptical of the notion that central planners can predict the exact needs and preferences of a large population . 
  i think it is possible . 
  read the link i gave you . 
   through laws that prohibit the re-institution of those things . 
  that requires , you know , a state . 
  capitalism did n't emerge out of nowhere , but it certainly is n't a completely artificial phenomenon . 
  there were bitter wars fought between the older classes and the bourgeoisie , but there is a reason why the bourgeoisie had won . 
  capital 's nature is different than the other means of production possessed by the older classes : it 's in its nature to accumulate , to centralize , to expand -- it 's more flexible , it 's more * progressive * . 
  the means and relations of production determined the course of history . 
  the bourgeoisie seek to , and indeed , must , seize state power , i agree . 
  but they * can * and * do * that because of underlying reasons . 
   even hunter-gatherer societies engage in trade from time to time ( albeit between groups and not within their own groups ) . 
  if you give people the freedom to conduct economic activity for themselves, 
  capitalism is n't about trade , it 's an entire social and legal system . 
   some form of inequality is bound to emerge , since some people are more productive than others . 
  wait do you * honestly * believe this is why inequality exists ? 
  i mean if you define productivity as `` ability to accumulate capital , mostly due to luck and inheritance '' , then sure , i agree . 
  but if you 're telling me that i as an engineer and educator and less productive than the jackals of wall street we do n't have much to discuss . 
   the development of society is not a linear process . 
  there have been many periods in history in which societies have moved backwards in terms of complexity . 
  i do n't subscribe to the view that progress is inevitable and irreversible . 
  well it is . 
  and local regressions do n't be much and are in fact quite predictable , as revolutions are volatile . 
  marx did n't make the claim that history is * literally * linear in the sense that there is never a reaction to the revolutions , nor did he claim that revolutions spread in a clean predictable way . 
  he claimed that the progress of the means of production determines the progress of relations of production which we called society . 
  and i believe he was mostly correct . 
  i have my doubts about being 100 % sure that socialism is the next step though , i 'm an empiricist . 
  but that still does n't mean that political activity is not worth it : i mean , the struggle is real , it happens , we could n't do without it . 
   neither do i. 
  the increase in equality and removing the monopoly on power of the landholding classes were certainly admirable . 
  the problem is that they replaced the old ruling class with a new political class that was just as oppressive . 
   and improving gender equality and education is not something that requires socialism or communism . 
  historically there is a very clear relationship between the feminist and the communist movement . 
  feminists fought for worker 's rights , communists fought for women 's rights . 
  there is a reason for this , though in first world imperialistic nations women can transcend gender roles and rise to a position of the oppressor . 
  but this is very limited to the rich spheres of the first world . 
  true emancipation requires full communism . 
  i fully believe that education is a communistic value , in the sense that bourgeois institutions are not interested in creating an educational system that betters the person , but a functionalistic education that prepares people for the labour market without focusing on them as a person . 
  do you agree that there are worthwhile qualities that could be imbued in people that would n't directly help them to perform a function on the market ? 
  it 's not about some nebulous form of `` virtue '' but very concrete different approaches , but creating a sense of caring for the world , for the community , for science , for * creating * . 
  i have a * lot * of personal experiences with informal education of all forms : debate , science , engineering , and usually the communities that perform these activities do so against the forces of the capitalist system and against the forces of the state . 
  this is because such activities do n't function well under the logic of the market , even though they are very beneficial to the individual and society . 
  formal education is bland , uninspiring , and its purpose is not to educate but to cultivate acceptance of the capitalist system !, 
   the squashing of dissent . 
  the imprisonment of `` class enemies '' and `` counterrevolutionaries '' . 
  in class society this always happens . 
  that 's the exact function of the state . 
  same goes for the proletarian state and the revolution : they 're violent affairs . 
  i do n't think violence by itself has a moral character , rather the motivation for it gives it one . 
  the motivation for the revolution is destruction of oppression . 
   my parents grew up in china during the cultural revolution . 
  i 'm quite familiar with what conditions were like during the communist era . 
  mao in particular made many mistakes i do n't generally agree with . 
  but i 'm still learning about china in particular and do n't have a very strong opinion . 
   i happen to think that respect for individual rights is a good thing . 
  it 's not the only important consideration of a society , but societies that do have it are much more pleasant to live in than ones that do n't . 
  individual rights like the right to accumulate capital ? 
  i consider that the source oppression . 
  it 's not a right that is relevant to workers . 
  ownership over their work and themselves , i.e. 
  emancipation , is what is relevant for workers . 
   without individual rights , you and i would n't be having this conversation ( which i have quite enjoyed by the way , thanks for humoring me ) . 
  well communists are accused both of being censors and of being annoying debaters all the time !, 
  i think most quality political debates happened on the left . 
  and continued to happen in workers ' states .
