  it can be anything from hardcore algorithms , numerical hpc , distributed systems , functional programming / maths stuff , low-level proc things - so many things that are interesting other than compilers and oss . 
  well that 's a victim complex if i 've ever seen one . 
  calm down no one 's coming to get you lol . 
  also you might want to expand your political horizons a bit . 
  there 's not an entity , a group of people , or even a unifying set of beliefs called ` the left ' . 
  what i said was that , from experience ( which includes friends , conferences , hackerspaces , projects , and communities ) - people involved with those technical organizations fighting for freedom tend to frequently exhibit anti-corporate , socially liberal , and sometimes socialist beliefs . 
  in fact , if you go watch stallman 's quote from his bitcoin conference speech - apart from pointing out how privacy , anonymity , and free software are important - he also mentions that we need a state and democracy , so that the people can defend themselves from the greed of the rich - a very leftist idea . 
  and if you look at gnu , gnome , mozilla , and similar organizations that are actually involved with this on a technical level - you will see a strong note in favor of social justice , also an idea i associate with leftists . 
  not at all . 
  maybe greek democracy , where educated old men ruled , but not the modern conception . 
  if you think it 's mob rule then you 're ridiculously uneducated about the society you live in . 
  referendums are pretty much the only way to directly influence anything - and even those are limited by a constitution , at least here in europe . 
  as an example - a political movement in my country wanted to ban the writing of a certain ethnical minority , and the constitutional court struck it down . 
  separation of power , representative democracy , constitutions , freedom of speech - all of these are limits democracies place as to not devolve into mob rule . 
  if you look at the most undemocratic places on the planet - china , saudi arabia , dprk - you 'll see that those places are the real centres of inhumanity . 
  so procedure , separation of power , a judicial system , a republic , and a constitution are basically just the same as mob rule to you ? 
  must be a weird country you live in . 
  i 'm not gon na go away from here but i 'm certainly not going to continue discussing anything with you , since you seem to only be interested in cheap ideological euphemisms . 
  important point but an awful way to make it . 
  can you show me a picture of a thought ? 
  or a mathematical equation ? 
  sure you can show me a picture that represents a visualization , but not the thing itself . 
  in reality rights do n't really exist , they 're just ideas we use to communicate and organize society . 
  but that does n't mean they 're not good ideas , or unjustified . 
  it 's just that you have to justify them - which is something i 've never seen an ancap do ( although i 've spent only half an hour of my life reading stuff in here ) . 
  in fact , the whole idea of a ` natural right ' - and i do n't know exactly what that is , but i 'll judge by its lexicographical attributes - is an attempt to evade the fact that rights are just social constructs , not something innate to any moral system . 
  i like moral systems when they 're introduced for * practical * , not religious or ideological reasons - another thing i do n't really like about this community . 
  mob rule is anarchy - no laws to stop you from exercising your freedom to drop stones on other people , take their possessions , rape , etc. 
  just the mob ready to lynch you - or someone 's private army . 
  democracy is a step above . 
  when society realizes that anarchy does n't scale - they agree upon a set of rules , and enforce them . 
  democracy is one way of doing it originating from greece . 
  indeed , in democracy , the majority of the electorate decide for others ( usually not a literal majority of society , as it would be in mob rule ) . 
  republic is a further evolution . 
  it enchances the democratic process by protecting minorities , introducing a separation of powers , representative democracy , and numerous other checks to ensure that the state is as just as possible and does not oppress minorities - religious , ethnic , etc. 
  so no , discussion does n't work like you think it does . 
  if you repeat `` democracy is mob rule ! '', 
  over and over , it does n't make it so . 
  provide a better analysis than mine , relate it to what we actually think of when we say `` democracy '' - clearly we do n't have the direct greek approach - and that 's how you advance your position . 
  normal * distribution . 
  and iq does n't follow it . 
  people age , therefore it 's not a random fluctuation . 
  this . 
  i can not fathom the people who bash the bible . 
  it 's one of the greatest works of arts and so many successive works refer to it or are even based on it . 
  in not taking about the matrix but what we consider to be the best literature in western history - dante , shakespeare , and c.s. 
  lewis of course . 
  inversely i can not fathom the people who take it to be more than that . 
  * tip * to you as well , sir, 
  ( also , the philosophical influence is much more judaistic than greek . ), 
  the new linux display server enables such neat tricks as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgtba_gpg-u . 
  ubuntu already provides the 3.17 kernel !, 
  just grab it from [ here ] ( http://kernel.ubuntu.com/~kernel-ppa/mainline/ ) , and [ install ] ( https://wiki.ubuntu.com/kernel/mainlinebuilds ) it !, 
  i use it on my c720 - works perfectly . 
  yes , they did . 
  much of greek philosophy is interpreted through christian saints , like st. augustine . 
  christianity is like a merger but it originated as a judaistic faith and has fundamental differences . 
  polytheism , for example , is a major one . 
  wow you sure sound objective an rational , not at all like throwing an emotional fit about things you do n't like for obviously ideological reasons . 
  the alternative is to get a kindle . 
  there 's much more quality content in books , and you 'll start reading a tonne !, 
  nah he 'd only worry about the non-free javascript . 
  he has no problem with private code . 
  but personally i do n't agree with him . 
  i 'd feel better if all the websites i used were free software . 
  yes , that 's my point . 
  you guys seem to have misunderstood me . 
  stallman really would be ok with reddit being private , for example . 
  yes because oil industry is the only profitable thing you could possibly invest to , and universities do n't have a mission above profit in society . 
  they can just continue funding the destruction of the planet with a clear conscience !, 
   you are just buying and sellin ownership rights to a company, 
  it is my understanding that when buying shares from a company at an ipo ( is there such a thing as successive ipos ? 
  why say ` first ' if there 's only one ? 
  ) , you are giving them money in exchange for a part in the profits ( i.e. 
  ownership ) . 
  thus , you are funding their expansion - which , in this case , is harmful . 
  this is opposed to buying shares from the stock market , where you 're not giving the company money , but just buying from other owners . 
  am i wrong ? 
  ok , i understand now , thanks . 
  do you think that divesting from fossil fuels and investing into renewables has a positive effect on the renewable companies though ? 
  because it makes their stock more valuable ( and vice versa for fossil ) ? 
  ... parent company ? 
  of a university ? 
  what the fuck , americans ? 
  [ b-but drm is good for you !, 
  why are you questioning their right to make a profit ?!, 
  ] ( https://defectivebydesign.org ), 
  well in the data abstraction chapter of sicp ( chapter 2 ) , you can definitely say that they 're hiding data , or implementation details . 
  that 's the modern definition . 
  they use rational number arithmetic , and by defining common methods like rat-add , rat-mul , etc , they 're hiding the details of how rational numbers are actually implemented , allowing you to think about them as isolated , abstract patterns , and build upon that . 
  church needs to be there as well . 
  his work on computability and lambda calculus was up to par with turing 's in relevance . 
  use linux on school computers , it 's much simpler to develop on . 
  you just execute ` manager install name ` - installation , dependencies , uninstallation , and all else is handled for you cleanly and automatically . . 
  definitely do n't link to it or anything useful like that, 
  edit : that 's what i get for trying to be a smartass i guess ... 
  his name was mihai patrascu . 
  ** his name was mihai patrascu . 
  why was this downvoted ? 
  how would that be a spoiler exactly ?
