  the perfect punishment is the one which is never used . 
   purgatory i can understand , but not eternal torment . 
  this is a bit too literal for me . 
  yes that 's why scientists are rich and not ( mostly ) just assholes . 
  [ being rich is ** not ** a function of intelligence , but of safety nets and others ' help . 
  ] ( http://qz.com/455109/entrepreneurs-dont-have-a-special-gene-for-risk-they-come-from-families-with-money/ ) aka society . 
  this is * literally what hitler did . 
  * this guy is either a troll or a nazi . 
   you are n't the fittest , therefore you must attack and tear down those ahead of you instead of working together to build everyone up . 
  the amount of contradictions per second is astounding , surpassed only by the bitterness of his comments . 
  quick reminder that while this might be true in this particular case , usually it is not . 
  [ wealth is a function of safety nets and society 's help . 
  ] ( http://qz.com/455109/entrepreneurs-dont-have-a-special-gene-for-risk-they-come-from-families-with-money/ ), 
  the smart and moral do n't get wealthy , it 's usually just people willing to exploit others the most . 
  otherwise tesla would n't have died poor and alone . 
  wait did you just respond to my literal research with an `` anecdotal example '' ? 
  my argument was n't that they inherited it . 
  safety net does n't mean inheritance . 
  society * definitely * does n't mean inheritance , it 's a much more elusive concept . 
  the point is that you ca n't just wake up one day and decide to become rich . 
  there are many things which impact the way you behave , interpret the world , which limit you in acting . 
  american society is not a meritocracy . 
  the smartest and most moral are n't the ones with most power or money . 
  i honestly do n't care about character or moral integrity of wealthy people , i care about the system which reproduces inequalities and is unjust . 
  you 're welcome at / r/socialism _ 101 if you want to learn more !, 
  true . 
  obviously businesses like yours do n't exploit anyone . 
  i 'm talking about large corporations and the system as a whole . 
   tesla was smart but did some stupid things in terms of finance . 
  so i 'd call him stupid in finance , which is what we are talking about . 
  literally what i 'm saying !, 
  the tobacco industry selling cancer sticks is really , really smart economic behavior !, 
  oil companies contributing to pollution is too !, 
  lets not mention wall street , predatory creditors , and all other scum which buzzes on incentive gradients into moral septic pits . 
  my point is that capitalism is orthogonal with an ethical society . 
  and being smart gets you nowhere . 
  sorry , tesla was not dumb no matter how you spin it . 
  ah i see what 's the matter . 
  you 're not talking about * nonfree * software , you 're talking about * private * software . 
  i think stallman states that the free/proprietary distinction matters only in case of * released * software , i.e. 
  that which is n't private . 
  no one cares if you want to write software for yourself or your group and not release it . 
  in that case , i agree that you should be able to do whatever you want on your private repos . 
  but as soon as i can see them , then it 's released , and you * need * a license !, 
   socialism has never worked in any country, 
  [ nope  ( http://socialism101.com/basic ), 
   no , plenty of them succeeded . 
  in most places where you 've heard of there being a socialist revolution , material conditions have massively improved . 
  had there not been revolutions in those places , you most likely would not have heard much about them , and they 'd just be among the rest of the third-world countries you also probably do n't think about . 
  take the ussr , for example . 
  it grew from a feudal society hundreds of years behind the rest of the world to one of the most productive industries in a manner of like two decades . 
   just look at greece, 
  what ? 
   humans are inherently greedy , and a system based on equal distrubution of wealth will just breed corruption among the governing body . 
  humans behavior depends primarily on the systems in which they behave , therefore we should strive for more just systems . 
   capitalism created the device you 're using to spew your misguided political narrative . 
  the cookie i just drank is just as ` capitalist ' as this computer i 'm using . 
  so what ? 
   capitalism encourages innovation . 
  socialism encourages corruption and laziness . 
  lol this entire post reads like it 's written by a fifth grader, 
  we 're literally talking about people 's opinions . 
  so yes it 's a literally nice anecdote . 
  yeah but if you get paid for working on your project it 's still true to the original idea , is n't it ? 
  that 's how i initially interpreted it actually . 
  i always assumed these guys worked crazy amounts of time . 
  this happened to me after my first build . 
  the led near the ram modules was shining red instead of green and i had no idea why . 
  after a few desperate attepmts at tweaking , i just sat there and tried turning it on every few minutes like programmers often do . 
  can you imagine my amazement and satisfaction when it * just worked * like the fourth time ? 
  and it 's been working since . 
  can someone explain this meme, 
  uh shit i mean the entire fantano obsession , why is `` trap flavored '' a thing for example ? 
  what why ? 
  i 'd say it 's tyrion then arya . 
  i do n't even have any other candidates . 
  that was just leading them to a conclusion that the dragons are n't indiscriminate beasts . 
  why did n't brienne specify that it was the hound who arya was with ? 
  could you explain how is that not contradictory ? 
  if their software uses it , how do they ` not have it ' ? 
  then it really depends on the way this data has been entrusted to google . 
  if they just handed it to them based on a promise , it 's as good as nothing . 
  the problem being that this bicycle can be copied and used in robbing a store . 
  holy shit that comment section, 
   first and foremost because not even capitalism needs most of these regressive social ideas anymore and the minute the useful idiots on the right no longer served the interests of neoliberalism they were kicked to the curb . 
  who are you referring to here , which group was kicked to the curb ? 
   i have long maintained that south park is one of the most conservative shows on tv . 
  could you elaborate ? 
   as `` open source '' is becoming more and more just resume padding, 
  what ? 
  this sounds ridiculous, 
  there are objective differences between languages and languages shape the way you code . 
  many tests that dynamic languages require are shit compilers and type systems are meant to solve statically ( thinking mostly of javascript now but probably others judging by the article , i have no reason not to trust him ) . 
  of course this is true . 
  i do n't think he was making such an absolute statement , that was n't his point . 
  wait you ca n't actually believe that ubuntu is the only functional distro there is . 
  that 's insane . 
  on my machine , ubuntu has more problems than fedora , although no show-stoppers . 
  it depends on so much . 
  can you link me some explanation of how intellectual property is so vital ?
