  happens to me here , but i eat it up because there are still interesting ideas ... 
  the guardian is mainstream but they shock me with their content . 
  it 's line they actually care about freedom and information . 
  wow you sure showed me , being condescending and all that , what will i do now, 
  at least you have n't even attempted addressing what i 've said , that would 've been the nail in my coffin, 
  ( `` they '' as in gender-neutral for the poster i was relying to ? ), 
  sure , but i 'm telling them how they can know much more . 
  it 's not about terms at all , but ideas and systems . 
  as i said there 's been a lot more said about the fundamental nature of human knowledge , inquiry , and `` truth '' , than what is said here . 
  lol you have some issues, 
  why is that allowed ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  muh freedom markets ? 
  coming up with something does n't require intelligence . 
  hard work and intelligence are required when developing it into something useful , which is what the author had failed at . 
  i guarantee you that the premise of ` hitler appearing in the modern world ! ', 
  is not exceptionally brilliant . 
  what 's brilliant here is the marketing , as it often is . 
  honestly , i 'm just circlejerking, 
  honestly i 've not determined myself at all . 
  socially i 'm a liberal/libertarian/whatever , of course , and anyone with a basic respect for other people should be i believe - but fiscally i 'm just not sure . 
  `` this week , in logical fallacies '', 
  yeah we all know that open source flourishes in magic and is damaged by money, 
  yes ? 
  i can not believe how disgusting your bread is . 
  like i refused to eat it at all in the us . 
  i wonder if you guys have ever tried freshly baked , hard integral bread from some village . 
  so tasty :3, 
  whot ? 
   liberals ( depending on what type you mean ) are much different than libertarians on social ideas . 
  i was n't referring to a political faction , but just using the word liberal as an adjective to mean supportive of gay rights , secular , against discrimination , against the war on drugs , and stuff like that . 
  since most of that stuff involves the government taking less freedom from its citizens , the liberals ( american kind , democrats ) and libertarians usually agree . 
   what concerns you fiscally ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  everything ` concerns me ' , i 'm just undecided as to which general system would be better ( i 'm browsing both communist and ancap subs with similar approaches ) . 
  when doing politics in real life ( i.e. 
  voting , discussing , etc ) - i usually just do it case-by-case without appealing to an overarching ideology because that just tends to divide people . 
  well the concept of a right itself is quite problematic . 
  how did those specific rights come into being , and why them and not some other ones ? 
  i tend to be more practical , i.e. 
  i 'd rather argue based on some tangible economic benefits than the rights of some billionaire to exploit the environment for example . 
  i 'm just doubting that there is a well-defined set of natural human rights that you can make judgements with . 
  even on a political level no one agrees what these rights should be and why . 
  i often hear people assuming something about rights and basing their arguments on that , and rarely about the rights themselves and why they are as they are , and why they should n't be anything else . 
  can you tell me exactly when and how this happens ? 
  is it before or after learning about long division ? 
  i feel like i 've missed out an important day or something : /, 
   2 weeks ' notice, 
  what 's that ? 
  i use firefox for tonnes of other reasons , not just because it 's floss . 
  why should i have to switch ? 
   you use a service that has drm so that means you should have to use a browser that spies on you , install additional proprietary software , and go thorough the inconvenience of having separate browsers for different sets of services, 
  i thought we were past this . 
  except when they organize raids with a specific cause to spread racism , sexism , and homophobia . 
  i 've been browsing 4chan for years and it was not overtaken by sjws , it was overtaken by people who mistook our jokes for * actual racism * . 
  you can go to / pol / now and see people discussing how to advance far-right politics and make the world a worse place for minorities . 
  like literally . 
  yep , this is the primary reason i stopped going to 4chan . 
  bad humor was replaced by people who were actually racist . 
  so you think it 's ok to have two separate browsers for two incompatible sets of tasks you want to accomplish on the web ? 
  like , switching to chrome when you want to check out reddit , but firefox when you want to message people on facebook ? 
  how is this compatible with what the web is supposed to be ? 
  why should my browser even matter ? 
  i never experienced this pressure . 
  i guess my environment is just more relaxed about these issues . 
  what are some resources for getting better at competitive algorithm programming ? 
  yes , definitely . 
  i remember when adults at tech conferences where the ones to reference 4chan , the ones who were the most contributing members . 
  now you can literally see 15 year olds sharing it on facebook . 
  i have nothing to do with that site anymore . 
  but there 's also a more sinister element . 
  a couple of years ago , moot resurrected the / pol / board , which was home to obnoxious libertarians or ancaps - which were fine to have . 
  but it was recently quite intentionally invaded by stormfront and is now a more extreme version of it . 
  and they pretty much all the time have efforts to penetrate other 4chan communities . 
  i mean when you have to listen to how awesome racism and sexism are or how sjws will soon overtake the planet - on the fucking technology and science boards - then you have a problem . 
  oh , great , so it 's all a joke . 
  like / r/whiterights and / r/greatapes - haha , the jokesters !, 
  when you 're actively spreading your agenda on other sites i 'd say that you 're far away from joke territory . 
  also if discussing how great the third reich was is a joke to you , you do n't have a sense of humor . 
  i think you 've already confirmed your reading comprehension status enough , you could just as all stop posting now . 
  out of interest why would you want this ? 
  what exactly are you referring to ? 
  also , what does a cyberneticist do ? 
  automation ? 
  seems like you 've misunderstood me . 
  i 'm not saying that they * should n't * joke about it . 
  i 'm saying that they 're * not * joking . 
  if you want unfunny racist humor , / b / is your board . 
  they 're may be tasteless , but they 're in it just for the lulz , not some political movement . 
  however , / pol / is not that . 
  it is not about humor . 
  it is about * actual * racism , and * actual * effort to spread it and other parts of their agenda . 
  i 've been on that board quite frequently because i was interested in the development of the community - and if you tell me that a board that organizes and promotes white-only neighborhoods , celebrates killings of leftists and the rise of fascist parties in greece , and many other despicable ** but serious ** shit - are in it for the `` lulz '' - then you are full of shit . 
  wait a second :, 
   the searches take up another six machines , and the site 's database currently runs on two vms . 
  i do n't have a lot of experience in backend development or system administration - but is n't performing searches done by querying a database ? 
  if so , how can the `` search server '' and the db server be separated , when the search is essentially performed by the db ? 
  it 's nice to see / r/scala and / r/rust getting popular . 
  ah , right , thanks . 
  the worst thing is i knew all this .
