  you can hardly attribute the failure to communism . 
  chinese society is capitalistic . 
  contrary to what libertarians tell you , the involvement of the state in the economy does not disqualify it from being capitalistic . 
  ok , i should have also added that ` free market ' is not a relevant political category , but an ideologem used to promote commodification and privatization , useful to a specific group of people in a specific time . 
  so the chinese economy is definitely a `` success '' story of capitalism , free market or not . 
  the thing i find interesting is that it 's usually people who do n't know shit about rap or kanye that are obssessed about him . 
  you , that is . 
  but ca n't blame you it 's probably a very intentional part of his image . 
   but he 's also annoyed by the `` affirmative girls '' commonly used in movies and wanted to hold something against those . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  how is his approach to affirmation different ? 
  lol that 's such bullshit, 
   and due to the nature of their ` capitalism ' it 'd be closer to the truth to suggest that it was a success story for fascism . 
  i agree , especially with contemporary prc . 
  but i do n't think it 's a dichotomy at all . 
  fascism was after all a tool of the capitalists . 
  not really . 
  solving the economic calculation problem is an emergent feature of markets , independent of individuals . 
  it is the market which guides their decisions , not they who guide the market 's . 
  this is , after all , why they 're called ` rational ' , not ` free ' agents . 
  but your central point still stands : the market economy is conceptually a decentralized price signaling system . 
  except it is n't a counter-argument to what i said : i 'm perfectly aware that the market is a thing . 
  my argument revolves around productive work -- creation of goods and services with use-value -- not around how prices are determined . 
   or a couple investing their savings in opening up a mom and pop to meet an underserved market they have identified, 
   but i do not identify as a marxist, 
  ok so what are we talking about then , exactly ? 
  what do you want to test out ? 
  are you one of those commune people ? 
  i 'm certain that there are individuals who would do really well in communes , i can see how that could help mental health , happiness. , etc. , let 's just not pretend that this is anything other than lifestylism that does n't solve any actual issues for society . 
   your language mirrors what ideologues have been saying for over a century , down to the keywords, 
  most political discourse does . 
  nothing wrong with that -- your views should evolve along with society , but if society still has elements that are centuries old ( like , you know , capitalism ) -- i do n't see how core concepts in the critique should be changed . 
  certainly you do n't believe that communism has stayed completely static over the years ? 
   a section of the working class could create a successful communist society without all of that ` proletariat ' and ` seizure ' nonsense . 
  no it could n't lol, 
  you do realize how many people died for even basic rights , and how every attempt was immediately attacked by capitalists ( paris commune , russian civil war , by fascists in germany , spain , etc ) . 
  you 're being extremely ignorant of the bloody history of the working class . 
  you do n't get to separate from society and live out your fantasies of a struggle-less world . 
  first off , i appreciate the substantive response . 
  second , my source is that i was born and lived my entire life in croatia . 
  i 've been to every other ex yu country for multiple months and have many friends in each , and family in some . 
  i was n't alive during tito and socialism , but my parents and pretty much every older person was , so i know very well how it was . 
   in general , part of what tito did to keep the country together was mass imprisonment of dissenters, 
  more like fostering ethnic solidarity , peace , and independence . 
  the people in yugoslavia enjoyed immense freedoms , their lives , taken as a whole , were much more free than they are today under capitalism . 
  most of the people tito imprisoned in the actual `` gulag '' sense were stalinist elements working against the state . 
  and all states do this . 
  it is really ironic because nationalists are constantly crying about tito 's oppression at goli otok but it was literally a prison from people who were * more * communist . 
  political expression was , of course , limited -- for example you could n't be an open nationalist ( i mean you could , you were just actively fought by the state ) . 
  and there are open nazis ( i mean this literally , not just nationalist , actual supporters of fascist regimes ) in governments of ex yu countries today . 
  all communist states had a huge problem with how they treated dissenters : and mainly left-wing ones . 
  there was left-wing criticism of the party , which i do n't actually support . 
  what stalin did to his fellow comrades is despicable , for example . 
   and a playup of yugoslavia 's non-aligned status in the cold war to get massive amounts of foreign aid from the u.s. , the u.k. , italy and the soviet union which kept the country 's coffers full . 
  oh and today it 's so different !, 
  except every ex yu state is like a 100 times more in debt than they were in yugoslavia . 
  oh and we do n't even have our own industry anymore . 
  it was all sold off , criminally ( i mean this both figuratively and literally ) . 
  tu\u0111man had an official plan and sold of all socially owned industry to foreigners and created a domestic bourgeoisie of `` 200 powerful families '' . 
  so that 's capitalism for you , the people have nothing left . 
   it was n't economic pressures as much as it was ethnic tensions that cause it to collapse , but either way the system still ultimately failed and the socialist system contributed by relying upon political loyalty , fear and a robust police state to suppress divisions rather than using systems of democratic inclusion or economic opportunity . 
  i agree with this . 
  socialists actively fought against ethnic pressures . 
  and there were certainly mistakes in yugoslavia as a state . 
   serbia is practically ran as a kleptocracy these days, 
  and so is croatia . 
   and bosnia is a political clusterfuck , so i will accept that analysis , but the rest of the former yugoslavia has recovered amazingly well since the war , and have even flourished . 
  croatia has n't recovered to it 's former yugoslav heights though , and hardly ever will . 
  we keep spiraling in debt and selling off what little industry we have left . 
  the bdp is like twice lower than in late 80s , unemployment is much higher , half of tourism is domestic , etc. 
  i was under the impression that pretty much everyone had characters on both factions though ? 
  so there 's like a 50 % of the population whose main could be on the other faction , and it takes only one such person to simply relog and tell everybody, 
  you find it hard to believe women could have a strong emotional investment into a video game ? 
  i mean stories about wow destroying people 's lives are fairly common i think getting kicked out of a guild by a person in a position of power can be a very serious thing to some . 
  i mean obviously the stakes involved are much lower than irl but it 's still a bad , coercive experience . 
   there are plenty of solutions provided by blizzard to no longer have to interact with people you are n't having fun playing with . 
  that 's the thing . 
  they * want * to interact with the guild , since they really like it . 
  but the guild leader has power to shame them and throw them out . 
  i 'm certainly not attached to any game like that , but i see how people could be . 
  that 's simply because things you were saying were vague and bogus . 
  `` hey guy how do we fix poverty '', 
  `` just win the lottery loser ! '', 
  `` what '', 
  `` it 's possible i saw it in the news now fuck off you poor shitstain ! '', 
  am i the only one here just being completely amazed that these people exist and say shit like this, 
  hey guys you know how ** everyone all the time ** ca n't stop crying about how left-biased / r/politics is ? 
  we have literal nazi here , so there you go , so liberal and left-wing, 
  no he is n't socialist . 
  socialism has two major definitions :, 
  synonym for communism ( you said it yourself , he is n't that ), 
  the period between capitalism and communism, 
  no , he is n't a democratic socialist either . 
  you 're looking for `` social democrat '' . 
  which is * opposed * to socialism . 
  when did he lie ? 
   sorry for enjoying the work i do, 
  i never mentioned it . 
  i do n't give a shit what you do . 
   i 'll let you go back to sulking .
