  nice try lol . 
  fuck you and your reactionary propaganda , and i say that with a smile . 
  yes i too see the overwhelming support clinton receives on this sub and reddit in general . 
  solid 5 maybe light 6, 
   who is supposed to be a dark twisted symbolic representation of herself, 
  what ? 
   we never really saw her successful at her training . 
  yes we did . 
  she progressively got better and started kicking the waif 's ass . 
  and then progressed to legit missions . 
  is an anesthetic lol ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  are you being fucking serious . 
  the blinding obviously was n't about gorging her eyes out it was an ** intentional , controlled punishment . 
  ** it was like a curse . 
  we all knew she 'd get her sight back . 
  submission statement : very insightful article on the political motivations of the silicon valley elite, 
  i found the article definitely worth reading . 
  this is very clearly not a clickbait article but a well-researched and well-argued piece . 
  the bias on this sub is incredible . 
  how is joe a meme ? 
   i am wary of people who are trying to `` uncover '' silicon valley as some uniquely evil place, 
  i think there are definitely many critiques one can make of the tech world , such as those put forward by evgeny morozov , but this is n't one of them . 
  granted my ss is a bit spicy with the reference to a vague `` silicon valley elite '' -- but i think that it 's obvious i 'm referring to the neoreactionary libertarian elite which is definitely * a thing * there . 
  and , to me , an evil thing . 
   despite it being on the whole very beneficial ( which is not at all certain about gawker ) . 
  i do n't believe in things being `` on the whole very beneficial '' . 
  it 's a way to shut-down debate . 
  marx praised capitalism for its increase in productivity and its role in dismantling feudalism . 
  guess what , he still criticized and fought against it , because he was a nuanced thinker . 
  i think the same can be said of silicon valley . 
  technology itself is morally neutral , it 's about how we apply it . 
  am i happy to have all this technology , much of which is due to sv ? 
  absolutely . 
  but that does n't mean i ca n't criticize it . 
   but i note that no one gave a shit about taxi drivers back when they were being oppressed by rent-seeking monopolistic taxi-companies . 
  yeah , now they 're being oppressed even more by an even more monopolistic and rent-seeking business , that 's pretty much the very definition of uber . 
  draw people in , lower their standards , cast them off when they can take no more , draw new stock in . 
  they 're vampires . 
   what thiel said about no one needing college is crap , but so is the leftist idea that everyone must go to college no matter what . 
  i would n't exactly call that a leftist idea . 
  i do n't consider american liberals leftist . 
  however , i do think that college should n't be mandated by privilege and accessible to the rich only . 
  i believe in fully public education . 
   as for life extension , i am very skeptical of the whole field . 
  but in case it does end up working , something based on adult stem cells seems more likely than his dystopia . 
  again , the problem is n't the technology , it 's access to it . 
  i do n't want to live in a world where the rich are literally immortal gods , they 're horrible now as it is . 
  be it blood or stem cells . 
   much bigger problem is overpopulation , but that is already screwing us . 
  have you been paying any attention to the west 's demographic changes at all ? 
  the * opposite * is the `` problem '' , we 're dying off and becoming older . 
  but to me it seems kinda natural , except our socioeconomic systems are n't designed to deal with it . 
  i think i kind of need the context here , i 'm not american . 
  reading about how he landed a cool gig setting up pools is just confusing . 
  i really do n't know why i 'm getting into this ridiculous analysis , but would n't that math imply that they equally care about these groups ? 
  a social democrat , not a socialist . 
  he could believe anything at all . 
  it does n't matter . 
  what he does matters . 
  is this website a joke ? 
  it 's seeping with insecurity and identity confusion . 
  ` how to be an oldschool gentleman ' archer would burst laughing at anyone who actually frequents this site . 
  funny to me and many of my friends . 
  she 's famous worldwide . 
  i did the same thing and i agree !, 
  why would we never see ados ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i mean it could take long - i think not as long as twow - but why would he just fucking give up ? 
  you 're all being irrationally pessimistic . 
   because he will eventually kill him . 
  what ? 
  so it 's undesirable to defend yourself when someone starts beating you up for no reason ? 
  in that way , yes of course . 
  but often violence becomes desireable because you can not change the circumstances . 
  well that 's just semantics, 
  and this is a good argument against absolute freedom of speech . 
  before you think : wait , this is n't the 19th century anymore , let me remind you that they are burning roma villages in hungary , protesting against jews , and so much more shit . 
  reddit is mostly americans and they tend to universally believe that ( not all of them , that 's why i said `` tend to '' ) , so i just wanted to point it out . 
  not arguing against you or anything . 
  they mean the soviet union ... 
  no the connotation of semantics in that context is literally `` unimportant '' . 
  that 's what `` it 's just semantics '' implies . 
  it 's not important . 
  that 's why i was asking . 
  the show is very intentionally * not realistic * about the consequences of getting shot , 
  i mean there 's that character whose * only thing * is getting shot repeatedly . 
  let 's break this up :, 
  you do n't understand what `` it 's just semantics '' means as a phrase , interpreting it as the literal definition of semantics . 
  fine , no biggie . 
  i fucking explain to you what i meant . 
  i literally say `` it 's not important to distinguish between those two concepts in this context '' . 
  at this point the word semantics nor the phrase i used it in * no longer matter at all . 
  you reply with a fucking definition of semantics . 
  what am i supposed to do here ? 
  you 're supposed to explain how it 's important , not about what semantics is . 
  but while you 're at it also google the definition of ` colloquial ' and ` phrase ' . 
   freedom of speech is supposed to protect you from the government . 
  that 's it, 
  ehh not really .
