  well then i 'm misinformed but there are many cases of socialists breaking up fascist rallies here in europe . 
   because you 're a savage who has no place in society, 
  nnnnno , they are savages with no place in society . 
   except it has to , no ? 
  actually this discussion is not very relevant for primary and secondary education , which is what i would concentrate on the most . 
  higher education is regarded as autonomous , and works according to faculty capacities as far as i understand . 
  the state should fund research and education here without much say in how it gets spent anyway . 
  and the primary goal of these activities should be * betterment for all * , not just for capitalists . 
  there 's of course lots of overlap , but for example humanistic departments have been continuously drained of resources over the past decades ( despite what reddit would have you believe ) -- as a direct result of market logic . 
   personally i think we are going to see consolidation of the best material and instructors online for free . 
  believe me i 'm all for learning online . 
  khan academy is an awesome approach and i would definitely want to see more of that . 
  but it does not substitute real-world interaction with your peers and guidance from your mentor . 
  there is a lot more to education than just theory !, 
   i think all of this will be able to happen over the internet . 
  we are close now but a lot of new immersive technologies will unlock this stuff . 
  well once we 're brains in a vat it wo n't really matter , will it ? 
  let me help you illustrate one way how informal education can work : you come to a campus outside of any city . 
  there , you are assigned a partner , or work alone . 
  your project is to help complete a huge telescope tower , more specifically the positioning and tracking systems . 
  you are given responsibility over real , industrial-grade equipment that real scientists will use , and you are creating something that will be useful to your peers and other students . 
  you have to learn a lot of math , electrical engineering , physics , and programming . 
  over the course of a month , you work on your project , and you make a progress report , releasing your work as free software for other people . 
  you come back later that year to work with other teams on integrating your work with other subsystems , and you all write a final report detailing how you completed this enormous tool . 
  you ca n't have that online . 
  i mean , you can , for purely theoretical math and programming projects , but you 'd still benefit from socialization and talking to your mentors irl . 
  because ridiculous , outraging behaviour of a member your outgroup is an extremely potent polarizing political tool . 
  one thing is ti criticize and another is to * literally create a ritual out of spazzing over it almost daily . 
  * it 's unbelievable how much it gets mentioned on / g / . 
  holy shit that guy . 
  no , the entire so c++ community is toxic as fuck . 
  i remember once they all understood my question wrongly and shat all over it , even after i explained how they were wrong . 
  so it 's pretty much redundunt now . 
  it 's totally different , because those users have perceived authority and use it to bully you . 
  on reddit , i frankly do n't give a shit about you or your shitty subreddit , everybody 's equal . 
  and let 's be honest , most serious subs do n't go around just harassing and banning people . 
  it 's still an extremely useful resource . 
  boards ? 
  stack overflow is still the best online resource there is . 
  it 's unfortunate that you have to suffer abuse there , though . 
  i ca n't ask anyone to do that , but sadly i can manage it so i still just use so . 
   nay . 
  it 's the c++ community ... of standards nazis . 
  what do you mean by this ? 
   do n't worry it 's mostly cause they look like this guy, 
  the problem is with new or more sensitive users . 
  i actively engaged those guys and showed them how they were completely wrong and toxic , but you ca n't expect other users to do that . 
  especially when they notice a small technicality and like 5 of them gang up on someone - the person thinks that they 're wrong and ca n't defend themselves from the abuse !, 
  so their only option is to steer away . 
  first off , i want to say : thank you !, 
  for recognizing the problem and trying to handle it . 
  i think it 's really a threat to your site , because you 're essentially saying to users : if you want to participate , you will have to handle abuse . 
  i realize your dilemma , but as a user who has suffered from these people ganging up on me multiple times , i 'm not sure it was worth it . 
   again , i do n't get the capitalism bashing . 
  what does that have to do with it ? 
  capitalism is opposed to :, 
  programs which benefit the public as a whole at the expense of capitalists . 
  public education is expensive , its payoff is hard to measure , and it 's very vulnerable , so market logic will deteriorate it . 
  ideologically , things which benefit the individual and the community , but are n't immediately commoditized . 
  they want you to learn programming , but they do n't want you to learn about and agree with free software / open source ideology , for example . 
  on a grander scale , humanities , philosophy , the arts and so on , are hard to commoditize , so they get defunded under capitalist pressure . 
   the us is a capitalist society , that 's not going to change , nor would it be a good idea to change it . 
  the us is probably the last country which would abandon capitalism , yes . 
  but i disagree it would n't be a good idea to change it . 
  my country was much better of during socialism . 
  and no , my parents were n't party-affiliated , and my grandfathers were anti-militarization activists who were discriminated ( nothing serious ) even then they lived much better than they would now . 
  \u017di\u017eek has an interesting thought on this : today it is easier to imagine the end of the world , than the end of capitalism . 
   if anything at the local level we need more capitalism and less government intervention in education . 
  this is the standard neoliberal rhetoric , and i 'm not buying it . 
  we need good public programs , and you do n't get that by defunding those same programs ( and then later pointing to them and saying how they suck , of course they suck once you defund them ) . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean by government intervention though , how would the government intervene ? 
   it 's the fossilization of government that has created bad schools to begin with . 
  what do you mean ? 
  if you mean that our current political landscape makes it extremely hard to change systems for the better , then yes , of course . 
  but the current political landscape is capitalist , it is market logic that is driving our public services to the ground . 
   i agree today . 
  once vr is mass market i think it will change all this . 
  including people not bother to go to offices in general . 
  well in order for education to be completely vr-based , you would need first the entire world to be - so yes , on the level of people not having to come to offices anymore . 
  but that 's so far away in the future and i would like solutions that work now . 
  as time increases , certainty decreases , and it would definitely be useful to start enacting change * now . 
  yes i agree , debating that further is totally too wide for the scope of this discussion . 
  i was just explaining the ideological underpinnings that inform my views on education . 
  but a lot of it is very functional and non-ideological so there 's no reason to disagree with much of what i 've said . 
  you 're conflating `` people do stuff '' with selfishness . 
  selfishness is a word with a much more specific meaning , tied to specific social contexts and transactions . 
  yes , it is a fundamental fact of existence that individual 's acts are , in the end ( or beginning ) , something that happens in their brain . 
  you weigh various influences , memories , in some dynamic process we call '' ( free ) will '' , and then act . 
  there is no other scientifically correct way to even think about * acting in general . 
  but selfishness refers to a very specific subset of acts , i.e. 
  types of processes that lead to these acts . 
  it refers to the subset where , in that dynamic weighing process , you are not taking into account other people 's feelings and perspectives . 
   do you want to compare dr. dre with mozart ? 
  yes , i consider dre a better composer . 
  of people really or hypothetically affected by your actions . 
  how much , well that really depends on the social context , but i think it 's the job of ethics to explore exactly this part of the question , to essentially produce interpretations and ideologies regarding various social situations as less or more fair . 
   i do n't buy into all the p.c. 
  so basically just like the entirety of reddit ? 
  edit : by downvoting this you are literally proving me right, 
   i am literally incapable of understanding hyperbole,
