   you want to aim for 1gram per 1lbs of lean body weight . 
  ok , but is that in addition to my current diet , or the absolute goal ? 
  thank you . 
  now i guess i 'll just need to organize my meals better ... 
   assuming full-out religious wars happened, 
  which is quite a ridiculous assumption since these people have been demonstrating for literally decades that they fight guerrilla and profit off all conflict because more recruits and more ideological support by current non-radicals . 
  aw shit that 's right , the thing we need now more than anything else is decontextualized nietzsche quotes , that 'll help, 
  likewise : you do not have the right to be tolerated as an asshole . 
  i 've seen many people use the above logic to basically purposefully offend people - but that 's fucking horrible . 
  proving a point about freedom of speech is one thing , going around being a dick - another . 
  i do n't understand why the religion part bothered you , could you elaborate ? 
  i read it when i was around 14 and it was and still is one of the most beautiful series i 've read . 
  i especially liked the last one , and think the work got better and better - more complex too - as it evolved . 
  well i be cursed, 
  well it depends on several things , most of all , context intention and consideration of others ' feelings . 
  it is not the same when a cartoonist draws muhammed to promote free expression , and when someone tries to just anger people and offend them for the sake of harming them . 
  the border is not always clear , but we must do our best to think rationally before judging - in doing so we have fixed half the problem since the insulter did n't achieve his goals ( the other half is what even lead to that situation ) . 
  i do n't really understand your examples , maybe i should 've chosen a different word than asshole . 
  i did n't mean obnoxious or annoying - i meant actually inconsiderate of others ' feelings . 
  no you 're missing the point . 
  it 's not about changing how other people think or express themselves , it 's about realizing the impact of your own actions and messages and how it affects other people . 
  it 's completely personal . 
  yeah i do n't know , to me it sounds like you 're just being stubborn . 
  but as i said , if you want to go through life behaving like that , it 's entirely on your soul ... 
  did n't mean it literally , nor do i really wish to instruct you or anyone else how to live their lives , i 'm just saying that there exists a difference between being an intellectual martyr and being unpleasant to say the least . 
  it 's up to ourselves to choose how we act and how much we consider others ' wellbeing , but the difference still exists and can be seen by anyone . 
  i think he 's being sarcastic . 
  i agree with most of what you 've said , but, 
   thus socialism + democracy is the only solution, 
  i do n't see how that can come about without forceful and violent takeover of private property , which is hard to justify . 
  i also can not see how that takeover will not end up in the hands of not the workers - but the socialist leaders , making the situation even worse for the workers as you could 've seen in many examples of communist revolutions !, 
  res publica implies democracy . 
  huh ? 
  yeah because , uh , muslims have violently taken over america , slain half the white population , and sent the other half into slavery to every part of the world , and created several new races by raping white women . 
  you sure are a bright one . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  that looks ... problematic, 
   eye witnesses are notoriously bad witnesses . 
  i 'm pretty sure that they were n't witnessing it with their eyes , and if they were , that 's even fucking more reliable . 
  dude , study your history . 
  these lands had a large amount of ethnic tensions and conflicts through their entire history . 
  balkan wars , world wars , there 's no wonder balkan is called a gunpowder keg ... 
  maybe , if you 're talking about the last yugoslavia , but there were others that were problematic . 
  the problem is that things did actually collapse violently and you ca n't absolve the system of any blame . 
  the sets of open source and free software are almost identical . 
  this infighting is completely detrimental to both movements . 
  the definitions of both philosophies describe the same sets of software . 
  must developers do n't actually agree with the difference and work for the benefit of the community - only a small minority cares much about it . 
  what still stands is that being sectarian causes damage . 
  it creates a barrier for communication and working together . 
   that is why the difference is important . 
  i fail to see how such a difference is important . 
  if the open source approach results in more free software being used , why is that a bad thing ? 
  why ca n't free software advocates work on top of an open source base , and vice versa ? 
  they really are neutral though . 
  the entire point of open source is an exclusive focus on technology and methodology , not ideology . 
  that results in software being more attractive to business , but so what ? 
  thanks , i will and reply there, 
  i 'm not even sure what we 're discussing here anymore . 
   `` open source '' is and always has been a reactionary movement to remove the emphasis on user freedom that was present in the free software movement . 
  i disagree with this . 
  the idea was to make such software more marketable so the world would use more of it . 
  you ca n't argue that they 're reactionary freedom-removers when they actually give * more freedom * in their licenses . 
   open source advocates ( including the likes of microsoft these days ) are - whether or not they believe they are - trying to kill copyleft licensing . 
  they enourage developers to license their software permissively , so that it may later be used in proprietary programs that take freedom from the user and serve to centralize power and capital . 
  i think you 're vastly overstating and playing the victim card here . 
  no one , except maybe a vocal minority , wants to kill off copyleft . 
  they just place emphasis on different benefits of free software and try to spread it differently . 
   they 're now trying to kill the copyleft compiler gcc by creating the permissively licensed llvm . 
  capitalists from microsoft , facebook , oracle , netscape , google , etc. 
  all looove open source . 
  no one trying to kill anything . 
  it 's called competition . 
   took years of intensive work and then he died, 
  existentialism in a nutshell . 
  camus should 've been an ornithologist . 
  ca n't you replicate that example in any language that allows you to refer to functions without evaluating them ? 
  it 's free for students and many people who could n't otherwise afford it . 
  the wealth is then redistributed so the rich prop up the poorer . 
  it 's certainly more free than having a hundred thousand dollars debt or having to choose which body part you save . 
  is n't it a rite * of passage ? 
  the infinite mysteries if grammer, 
   you wake up one day and you start to dislike entertainment that is out today , you do n't get the music or the cartoons , you think it is funny to shake your first and shout `` you damn kids '' in a funny manner . 
  so essentially i grew up around 11 ... :p, 
  can you tell me what happened to you to cause you to have a more negative outlook on growing up ? 
  muh feels, 
  what are you referring to ? 
  certainly we benefit from science , and having at least a scientifically literate ruler willing to listen to science would be an improvement . 
  well i do n't disagree with anything you said !, 
  however i do n't see how science and ethics are mutually exclusive , so i do n't see how criticism that `` ndt values and understands science * too much * '' is justified . 
  but how do you dismiss the value of something that is already worthless tra - jkjkjk :p, 
  what does ` wrong ' mean ? 
  you can construct some axioms and then use rules of logical inference to arrive at conclusions based on those axioms , but ultimately that does n't mean that those conclusions tell you anything about the real world . 
  from what i 'm gathering from here it seems like people without formal backgrounds trying to discuss formal decision theory and elevate their limited conclusions to some higher status of ` moral truth ' . 
  no , it ca n't . 
  in the sciences which study the material world , empirical data forms the foundation . 
  can you observe moral rules ? 
  test your moral theories ? 
  nope , because ` morality ' is just a social construct . 
  you could argue that adoption of certain moral rules would be good for society according to some criteria , but that 's a political argument .
