  they are creating a more equal economy through redistribution of wealth - and people are better off overall . 
   memory usage, 
  like 500 mb ? 
  i do n't consider that much . 
  if you do n't have at least 2 gb then your pc is probably not even good enough to run it considering other components . 
  you ca n't really complain about that because there are a dozen other des that specifically target such old hardware . 
   they do n't work well with dual screen setups, 
  worked for me . 
  had a laptop and a normal monitor for quite a while , although now i have a desktop pc . 
  was using gnome 3.8 at the time . 
  having the ability to learn programming is not the same as actually learning it . 
   i equate people who disagree with me with dictators, 
  that 's great bud enjoy being an ideologue . 
  sweden is basically the next nazi germany according to you . 
   no , we 're talking about communism in general . 
  communism is incredibly diverse , and i would argue that militaristic socialism of stalin was not even communist because it practically just disregarded everything marx said , and substituted it for a rhetoric that benefited the party elite . 
  this is the case with any totalitarian regime - whether left or right . 
   a totalitarian government which always arises when communism takes over, 
  i lived under a communist ` dictatorship ' , buddy . 
  i laugh at your american scaremongering . 
  we were more free under tito than we are now , back then we actually had industry , owned our own countries , and had more rights . 
  and now - everything has been stolen , and our countries are left to rot while the rich elite enjoy . 
  i am still * not * a communist , and i agreed with nationalists when they were taking over ( although i was a kid and just agreed with everything around me ) , i simply do n't buy into the ** communism = baaad ** bullshit americans like to spread . 
  it 's not inherent to communism , but simply totalitarian regimes . 
   although it 's going to be very interesting to see how they manage their large social safety net now that their getting a lot of 3rd world immigrants . 
  this is right wing scaremongering . 
  ok , can you link me to those sources ? 
   i 'm pretty sure the communism = bad position is held by far mroe people than just americans . 
  i usually see it from clueless americans . 
  like you , for example . 
   for instance , most of the people that have suffered under communist regimes probably think communism = bad . 
  yes , indeed , people who have suffered under communist regimes are often negative about it . 
  but they 're not entire nations - here in europe there 's a lot of nostalgia in places where communism was working much better than the current system - yugoslavia , for example . 
   and from what i 've seen , communism alweays turns into a totalitarian regime . 
  not always . 
  i 've given you my own example . 
  sure the ussr was horrible but that was stalinism - and as i 've explained , there are many other varieties . 
  many right-wing government that focused on private enterprise were also horrible regimes . 
  fascists have had millions of people killed , and if you look at, 
  it 's a simple matter of fact that your government has spent enourmous effort to make you associate communism with totalitarian regimes , and i 'm sure the communists if they were still in power would also be trying to make people associate capitalism with fascism , nationalism , etc - in fact i know that they have tried . 
  but that 's just political agenda , not reality . 
   there is no other way to force people into a communist mindset than through , well , force . 
  it goes against human nature . 
  this is silly . 
  besides , i 've told you that i 've lived in a communist state and that it was much better than it is now . 
   not enough to justify the redistribution on the scale the sweden does it . 
  it definitely doesnt pay off , as we can see with its very small economy and low productivity . 
   sweden performs poorly , which is reflected in its higher education system . 
  sweden has very shitty universities compared to other countries , no wonder its economy is so small and underperforming . 
  the swedish idiotically force very socialist policies on their people , and it really shows in their performance globally . 
  really , sweden is less significant than a single us state . 
  hahaha, 
  if you were just going to spew bullshit then you could 've at least warned me . 
   the rules preventing cable company fuckery, 
  so much this, 
  on mobile ca n't dad article also drunk, 
  is there a causation being implied or is it just a corrosion ? 
  what about mono ? 
   assassination network, 
  sorry what 's that ? 
  ( not from us ), 
  can you give an example of a job that could be easily automated with technology from 10 years ago ? 
  ( to adjust for the fact that society needs time to change ), 
  i believe that there are more and more jobs that can be automated in the white collar sector - through ai techniques , but that 's still very new and will take some time to be implemented into the current systems . 
  yep , this is hackedhumor, 
   not * fucking * cool . 
  violence , whether it be physical intimidation ,, 
   verbal threats or verbal abuse is not acceptable . 
  keep it professional, 
   on the mailing lists . 
   let 's discuss this at kernel summit where we can at least yell at each, 
   other in person . 
  yeah , just try yelling at me about this . 
   right back , louder , for all the people who lose their voice when they, 
   get yelled at by top maintainers . 
  i wo n't be the nice girl anymore . 
  you would exclude her just for saying something like this ? 
  it 's common sense . 
  i like it how you included your race and sex in your post as well . 
  really fits into the general character of the people who hold your political views . 
   they 're selling the same size bar for the same price , but it 's half air . 
  prove it . 
  i thought so too and bought two different brands ' chocolates , both with and without , and calculated that you get roughly the same amount of chocolate per unit of currency in both . 
  yay worker 's rights, 
  wow a rich dude said some pr-boosting bullshit . 
  remind me again , why do we even need nasa ? 
  probably because the space program is a shell of what it used to be and these new companies are n't doing anything even remotely on that scale . 
  perfect example of why free markets suck at determining what deserves funding . 
  because they 're ran by clueless , greedy idiots who could n't care less about it . 
  publicly funded space exploration programs have been some of the best uses of tax money for the us government . 
  without them you would n't have silicon valley , competers this advanced , advanced cardio surgery methods , and so much more . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/nasa_spin-off_technologies ), 
  you also probably think the lhc is just a waste of money that some lunatics use to prove useless hypotheses . 
  exactly . 
  this is why science should be handled by publicly funded programs . 
  it 's great that private corporations are trying but their primary goal is profit . 
  i want science that is available to all , and currently only governments can actually finance that . 
  actually only publicly traded companies are the ones whose only option is to maximize profit . 
  privately-owned ones - like valve for example - have * much * more freedom . 
  valve can concentrate on revolutionizing everything and not immediate returns because of that .
