  is the correct answer through a hashtable ? 
  or maybe a lexicographical binary tree ? 
  ( or would that actually be an equivalent solution ? ), 
  closer to c relative to what ? 
  no such thing as absolute velocity , absolute or not . 
  `` srp '' sounds similar to `` derp '' if you replace the 'd ' with an 's ' ( the ` e ' in derp is completely silent ) . 
  `` ska '' is pronounced as in `` ska music '' , just `` ska '' . 
  in general , serbs have a rule `` write it as you pronounce it '' , so there 's not much ` to think about when it comes to pronunciation once you get the basic sounds . 
  ( as a croat i ca n't deny that i enjoyed explaining how to pronounce that with the help of `` derp '' , just saying . ), 
   but that 's all academic since nixon could n't get elected these days , at least not as a republican . 
  why do you figure ? 
  that 's definitely not true for scala . 
  it 's an incredible innovation over java , in fact it 's just so different because of the functional style it can hardly be compared , which is sort of the point -- it 's significantly innovative . 
   java has since copied a lot from scala, 
  how well do you know scala ? 
  because the only people who think lambdas =  functional programming , are usually people without much experience with functional programming . 
  but the state is a crucial actor in the capitalistic order , one of its most important functions is protection of capitalist interests . 
  laissez faire capitalism is not something actual capitalists want , nor something that is sustainable in the sense that a state arises one way or another . 
  edit : lol at `` actual capitalists '' responding . 
  i 'm referring to agents with significant political power not you . 
  additionally what individual persons claim to believe is irrelevant , laissez faire is an ideologism used to push same old right wing policies . 
  it 's great when worker rights need to be limited but is shoved away when corporate handouts , war , or such topics are at hand . 
  wait is this an archer plot, 
  your criteria for filtering opinions is conformism ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what existing theory ? 
  how did it apply to electromagnetism ? 
  he had many significant contributions which ones are you talking about ? 
   anyone who does n't licence to their very specific standards is immoral . 
  false . 
  non-free software is immoral . 
  licenses like mit , bsd , and apache are all moral . 
  they just do n't endorse them because gpl is better at protecting freedom . 
  exactly , because their license is the only which goes the extra step to protect freedoms . 
  if there was another major one that did , they 'd support it too . 
  they still do n't proclaim other licenses immoral or non-free . 
  which of these things do you have a problem with ? 
  gnome software says this game has 3.6 mb 's , anyone know what 's up with that ? 
  - cpu : amd fx-8320 8-core, 
  - gpu : radeon hd 7790, 
  my guess : it 's due to shitty linux drivers . 
  can anybody confirm ? 
  what do you think that looks like , you wake up one morning and decide to code for a couple hours because you 're such a good person ? 
  it takes significant effort and time before you even stop being unproductive on a project and are able to make contributions . 
  you have to set up the tooling , dev and testing environments , get familiar with communication and deployment channels , with common practices , and so much more before even thinking about code . 
  and then you have to learn the preferred conventions , internal and other libraries , get familiar with the code base ... 
  it 's a serious investment and the motivation can not be to `` say thanks '' . 
  you ca n't just drop code out of nowhere , no matter how good you are . 
  it 's not about statistical diversity , no matter how much companies talk about it ( it 's just a measure ) , it 's about offsetting inequality in opportunity experienced by minorities . 
  which renders both of your categories equivalent and incomplete . 
  this is a group of people trying to help the disadvantaged but nice try . 
  white men do n't need these projects , if you have n't noticed there is n't really a shortage of them in it , and it is n't uncommon for them to become interested in that . 
  in this specific case , no one is stealing from anyone . 
  this is analogous to * creating new bikes * and giving them to people whose bikes have been stolen ( steretyping and other disadvantages minorities and women face ) . 
   it 's based on groups, 
  exactly , because people in these groups share certain properties . 
  primarily , having a disadvantage . 
  even rich women are victims of unjust stereotyping . 
   there 's such a thing as feeling that sacrificing the innocents in order to help the disadvantage does not justify the end . 
  this is relevant to positive discrimination in hiring , not outreachy as far as i can tell . 
  i 'm pretty sure both of those things are n't a thing anymore, 
   emo revival band wagon, 
  some examples ? 
  i think i could get into that music since i listen to indie rock and stuff like chet faker / ldr , but i never minded a more goth-ish/metal-ish vibe . 
  how is placebo not emo ? 
  do you seriusly not see the point management has ? 
  it 's crucial to keep practically any serious effort running , be it a company or something else . 
  do you seriusly not see the point management has ? 
  it 's crucial to keep practically any serious effort running , be it a company or something else . 
   but it 's all for nothing . 
  well this statement seems this contradict this, 
   statist government, 
  so like a government ... 
  coupled with * a state ?!, 
  * how could someone be so cruel as to even conceive of such a monstrosity !, 
  he did not come up with the fundamental concepts himself . 
  there was a lot of previous speculation and mathematics worked out , especially for special relativity ( lorentz ) . 
  no no no , of course he did . 
  i 'm saying that those ideas did n't come out of a vacuum or his sheer genius . 
  he was a central figure who connected it all , but there were people before him looking at the exact same problems . 
  there 's a reason we call the most important equations in special relativity * lorentz * transformations . 
  i refuse to believe they * actually * think fan death is a thing . 
  imagine if adult americans like , collectively believed in santa , or something equally easy to falsify . 
  i use github what 's wrong with that ? 
  obviously i get that gnu is n't the sort of organization to migrate there , but what 's bad about it in general ? 
  lol ? 
   it is quite common for austria to be forgotten on the international stage . 
  as a croat , fuck you . 
  [ ... pretty good idea actually ] ( https://youtu.be/g3sjb2tcojy ), 
  it 's still a paradox you 've simply added an additional hoop . 
  humans live =  no need for ai =  humans do n't live . 
   at least it 's not haskell ... 
  what does this mean ? 
  haskell syntax is much cleaner than both rust 's and scala 's . 
  and i 'm primarily a scala dev . 
  where is this picture from ? 
  european here . 
  i can watch any ep on sps as soon as it 's out . 
  have you tried installing an adblocker , maybe that 's it ? 
  uhh probably ?
