  being a jewish state is completely legitimate just like any other nation state , because you ca n't change your ethnicity . 
  actually the famines existed in many other types of societies and are more tied to geographic area than political system . 
  for example in my communist country there were no such occurrences ( yugoslavia ) , but in china there were many others before the communists came to power . 
  what do you mean by explicit typing ? 
  in haskell , which is all about types , you do n't actually have to write any type annotations at all , it 's all just computed for you and inconsistencies are reported as errors . 
  i think type annotations are still useful as a method of intentional programming though , so i type annotate most of my functions . 
  good tutorial on setting up a tor transit node as a server admin without getting into trouble ? 
  also is n't tor fundamentally broken ? 
  should n't we be using something like gnunet ? 
  national socialism !, 
  any did n't anyone think of that before ? 
  black people invented rock ? 
  jazz and blues , of course , but is n't rock mainly american and uk white kids ? 
   it 's not a secret that black people are more violent than any other race, 
  nice sources . 
  who are you referring to ? 
  i upvoted the guy i was replying to , and my own score reads 1 ... 
  yeah i agree , pointing out you literally have no sources to back up your racist , bigoted bullshit , is in fact quite a good refutation . 
   see you sjw faggots later . 
  lol sure have a nice day !, 
  i was just misinformed , but now i 'm not anymore . 
  i do n't think you understand what burden of proof means . 
  if i say that i can fly and then request proof that i ca n't instead of actually proving it myself , people would n't take me seriously . 
  especially if i also call them faggots . 
  i do n't consider that an insult , of course , but you using it as one just speaks more about yourself . 
  do you work at google or dropbox ? 
  well as i said have a nice day , i wo n't be replying to you anymore, 
  wow , that 's cool , 
  you 're from the us ? 
  nazi , what do you think that means ? 
  i know it 's not socialism . 
  i was just joking . 
  yes i do n't disagree , but i was joking , hence the / s. 
  o do n't know how people are supposed to interpret that answer, 
   inequality exists because jobs are different, 
  what is it about libertarians and the complete and utter lack of economics 101 understanding ? 
  inequality is first and foremost a consequence of capital accumulation . 
  it 's something that happens in an unregulated market . 
  plus it 's bad for you if you do n't happen to have a spare $ billion . 
   you just want socialism with drugs and libertine sex . 
  wait there 's a better socialism than one with drugs and libertine sex ? 
  when your choice is to starve or become a wage-slave , it 's not really a choice . 
  both , kind of , i was n't very serious at all  of course i 'm not suggesting that they 're nazi , nor that nazi had anything to do with socialism, 
  i agree but i do n't think that was his sentiment . 
  wow a political cartoon as a response in an actual discussion , neat . 
   we would still find ourselves under a sort of soft tyranny of political correctness . 
  i fail to see how this amounts to anything other than `` people wo n't let me be a racist bigot without consequences '' . 
  if you came to my home and insulted me i have every right to tell you to piss off . 
  just like if you publicly associated my business with racist bigots i have the right to defend it by firing you . 
  the darkness that comes before, 
  in search of lost time ( turned out not to be my cup of tea ), 
  this is literally the lowest hanging fruit you can find for reddit to discuss . 
  if you 've been here for more then a free months you 've acquired all the answers to these trivial situations , there 's nothing to be proud of since there 's no original thought to be found here . 
  people sometimes overreact to certain words and statements but i do n't consider it a huge problem . 
  especially not as large as bigotry itself . 
  in this case she was a pure , distilled racist . 
  it 's self-preservation of the business that got her fired , not political correctness . 
  please elaborate, 
  yeah it 's not all that hard to argue semantics . 
  i come to this sub expecting a higher level of discussion . 
   really , anyone who 's studied history knows this herd fervor is a common theme in the downfall of a republic . 
  i somehow fail to see the connection between rejection of racism becoming a social norm and the literal destruction of society . 
  i do n't think points that amount to `` you 're not tolerating intolerance enough '' are worth taking seriously . 
  yeah , i 'm not , and thank god others are n't either . 
  there 's been to much of that . 
  where 's the vindictive demagoguery here exactly ? 
  it 's as simple as :, 
  publicly associate yourself with a business on some profile, 
  share completely socially unacceptable opinions, 
  be disassociated with the business for protective purposes, 
  i of course believe she has every * right * to say that , but society has a right to react and impose its norms . 
  there 's a world of difference between freedom of speech and freedom from consequences . 
   in the tumblr , hyperpolitical correctness age , you really believe that ? 
  i never in my life actually went to tumblr . 
  all i see is people whining about it . 
  however when tumblr and political correctness are your main problems no wonder you do n't understand racism and opposition to it . 
  java is more secure than c++ is more secure than c. 
  just because you read about browser-based exploits , which involve * running random fucking code from the internet * , does not make the underlaying platform insecure . 
   perhaps star wars vii will see a communist action arise . 
  you do realize that it 's just people behind the plot ? 
  especially ones working for * disney * ? 
  how is that a realistic expectation ? 
  please cite the studies . 
  or is this one of those `` using strong sounding words to justify existing social conventions without any proof of relation '' arguments ? 
  down voting someone for asking for sources ? 
  shows more about you and your respect for proper discourse . 
  `` i tripped , fell over , and accidentally ejaculated in her . 
  several times . 
  newspaper articles about women feeling guilty for working ? 
  that 's not a source that proves some inherent biological trait in human females . 
  it 's first and foremost a set of observations of a social phenomena . 
  no , they 're not , because they 're concerned with social phenomena and not biology . 
  do you have some interesting material on philosophy of property to share ? 
  where are you getting these ridiculous ideas ? 
  socialists and communists * idealize * work , and study human relation to it ( building on hegel ) . 
  you 've posted this already . 
  i think you fail to realize that this sub is for discussion , not venting personal frustrations . 
  again , where are you getting these ideas ? 
  they 're laughable and not even worth of consideration . 
  whose the author please ?
