  what about the billions which are illiterate , barely have anything to eat , and are being killed off like flies ? 
  why focus only on the privileged middle classes when the dying peoples of africa , the exploited child workers in asia and other places , are an essential component of capitalist imperialism as well ? 
  being exploited by corporations , killed off by militaries , etc. . . 
  also , i 'm not actually a communist , i just like to argue these things when anonymous . 
  it furthers my understanding of politics and society . 
  if you were to ask me in real life , i 'd tell you i just did n't know which all encompassing ideology is the `` right '' one , and i 'd focus on smaller scale issues that actually affect me now ... 
  your point is that you need capitalists to be productive ? 
  that 's as near sighted as saying you need states to build roads . 
  no , that 's just how the * current * system is set up - they have that wealth and power to start businesses , and such form of organization furthers their wealth and power , so they do it . 
   i mean this . 
  you make it sound like there is a 1 % that is rich as fuck and then there are the rest of 99 % who are poor as shit because the rich take over the wast majority of all the wealth . 
  no not at all what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm saying that the economic inequality is so large that almost all wealth is concentrated in the hands of the few . 
  also , what you posted is nonsense . 
  sure they pay employees , but they 're trying to pay them as low as possible , and the profits are * huge * . 
  if you deny rising economic equality and the concentration of political power you are denying [ reality ] ( http://youtu.be/qpkkqnijnsm ) . 
  watch that video . 
  it 's becoming worse and worse faster and faster . 
  wages are becoming lower while corporate profits are skyrocketing . 
  [ proof ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/05/business/economy/corporate-profits-grow-ever-larger-as-slice-of-economy-as-wages-slide.html ) - * `` http://www.nytimes.com/2014/04/05/business/economy/corporate-profits-grow-ever-larger-as-slice-of-economy-as-wages-slide.html '' *, 
  you are n't living in a democracy , but in oligarchy . 
   you mean people in non-democratic and non-capitalist countries ? 
  those countries do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  they are being exploited by western imperialism and corporations . 
  china 's capitalist class is exploiting their own working class in symbiosis with the west . 
  are kids rotting away as slaves the result of warlords , or nike and co. ? 
  why both , they 're perfect for each other - one sells and the other one buys !, 
   i 'm upvoting because i do n't know history, 
  i bet you also think lew rockwell started the anarchist movement . 
  hint : it was the communists . 
  completely depends on your card sadly . 
  can be better , can be worse , but not buying it informed puts you in a position where you have a very strong chance of something being problematic ... 
  no they have a very concrete plan actually . 
  [ the deal 's sealed . 
  ] ( http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2014/02/bq-meizu-ubuntu-smartphones-confirmed-for-2014-release ), 
  [ it 's coming very , very soon  ] ( http://www.omgubuntu.co.uk/2014/02/bq-meizu-ubuntu-smartphones-confirmed-for-2014-release ), 
  personally , i ca n't wait !, 
  really ? 
  i 'll be able to plug my phone in a monitor and have a full blown windows 10 pop up capable of running all amd64 software ? 
  i have an s3 and it 's running smooth as ever on 4.4 . 
  use a custom rom , they 're much better . 
  only if you first heard of libertarianism from american conservatives . 
  anarchism and libertarianism were all associated with communists . 
  but we do n't talk about that here i guess . 
  but that 's not what ubuntu is . 
  ubuntu had convergence , meaning your phone * is * a pc . 
  plug it into a monitor and you get the standard linux desktop , with all the great desktop apps and tools !, 
  i 'm pretty sure microsoft meant that they just have the same codebase for the core of both systems , which they already had , but that 's only half the way . 
  awesome , thanks, 
  i just do n't think it is . 
  do you have a link or something ? 
  b-but free market !, 
  can someone explain what 's a union steward ? 
  convergence by canonical is a very specific technology they 've been focusing on several years . 
  for microsoft , it simply means a unified infrastructure , app store , and better integration . 
  that type of convergence is just not something i 've ever seen microsoft talk about - if they were making such a move it would be a centerpiece of their communication with the public , and the base for all other changes . 
  you * would * know about it . 
  especially since it involves new hardware ( docks ) etc. . . 
  microsoft simply means something else by convergence - if they even used that word ( never seen it ) - something much less radical . 
  personally i do n't even like the idea . 
  i have a phone . 
  i have a laptop . 
  they all share data and are used for different tasks . 
  i just could n't find a use for this feature , although it 'd be nice to have ( and i definitely will get an ubuntu phone asap , even though it might not be useful , the technology brings out the nerd in me  ) . 
  what 's up with ubuntu and go ? 
   all tech support threads must be to do with the software ( not hardware ) of ubuntu and must be posted to askubuntu first and then linked here . 
  why ask ubuntu ? 
  i thought that was for usage , not development , of the applications and the operating system . 
  would n't it be more logical for the questions to be asked on stack overflow ? 
  or creating an entirely new stack exchange site ? 
  i think that 's a great idea as there already are specific ones ( wordpress dev , emacs , etc ) . 
  how does this have anything to do with free speech ? 
  nazis killed a lot of my family members and caused enormous harm to these places , it 's perfectly understandable to tell some kid promoting their agenda to fuck off . 
  that 's nothing to do with free speech but being a decent human being ( i.e. 
  not being a nazi ) . 
  disclaimer : i do n't know anything about that event , i was n't present , and i would probably just ignore it . 
  my point is that at no time was he censored , and that the reaction he got was ** completely understandable . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  fascist thugs spread hate , intolerance , harm and ultimately kill people . 
  they need to be fought against plain and simple . 
  not by killing them , but telling them to fuck off on your forum is a start , 
  i do n't think that killing anyone is a good thing to do . 
  also i 'm not entirely sure what a ` right to kill ' would represent . 
  will other languages be able to profit from the click infrastructure ? 
  i get that they wo n't be able to use qml / other apis , but the whole isolation thing sounds language agnostic . 
  well , my state does n't have capital punishment , 
  so hopefully yes ? 
  awesome . 
  also , if you 're looking for mods , i browse reddit a lot and am a developer ( although not strictly an ubuntu one ) , so i could help you out if you want . 
  also in the sidebar i 'd also add a category for ubuntu base system related questions - maybe people are n't using the sdk exclusively ? 
  stuff about how package managers work . 
  that is , unless this sub is strictly related to the sdk - but there are other ways to develop apps for ubuntu which i do n't think should be excluded . 
  in many places they are . 
  for example , for a lot of my serbian friends , america ( the country ) is the devil , because you bombed the shit out of then a decade ago . 
  neat , thank you . 
  do you maybe know more about how another language could be added to ubuntu sdk ? 
  also , once go is supported , will the ubuntu apis be ported entirely , or will go-c ( + + ) interoperability be leveraged somehow ? 
  edit : getting downvoted for saying civilians should n't get bombed ? 
  really , americans ? 
  yeah too bad civilians were the ones who got bombed .
