  i was n't saying you were wrong , just that i do n't see where that would be useful . 
  the logical progression of this discussion would be for you to prove * me * wrong , not the other way around . 
   not all programs , nor all requirements are created equal . 
  i was not trying to be categorical , and it was n't my intention to say that such an idiom can literally never , not in any parallel universe , be useful . 
  i was simply saying that the author 's discovery in his current understanding of it should be viewed as a code smell - op was certainly unaware of my arguments or your counterarguments - it just seemed like a shortcut to writing less code to op , and he clearly should not be thinking that . 
  lol at sentience . 
  we have no idea what it is . 
  source or it did n't happen . 
  if that money is real it 's almost certainly just a regular ai company - making statistics and data analysis . 
  you literally have no idea what you are talking about , nor does anyone in this thread for that matter . 
  ** edit : ** thanks for the gold , but i did n't deserve it . 
  this was a reply out of frustration . 
  i was simply annoyed because literally every single post i read was speaking out of their asses and not thinking this through at all . 
  since i do actually have ai education this is simply a nerve that 's easy to strike . 
  no one has any idea what intelligence or consciousness are . 
  ** at all . 
  ** in fact your philosophy department , or math department , will probably be able to tell you more about it than computer scientists . 
  `` ai '' is a misnomer . 
  the proper name would be `` adaptive data analysis '' . 
  it just so turns out that copying some elements of human cognition can be profitable . 
  that does n't mean you know anything about how intelligence works though . 
  imagine a cutting out a leaf from a paper and claiming you 've learned something about tree biology . 
  and as far as ai risk is concerned , it 's not a problem that has been any near solved - and you 're not helping by posting an opinion that is completely uninformed and unexamined . 
   lo guise b-but skynep rite ?!, 
  we have no idea how an actual agi would function , what its motivation would be , what its thinking process would look like , what its control mechanisms would imply , or anything near that . 
  you ca n't claim anything about its behavior . 
  that paperclip maximizer thing ? 
  it assumes so much and it 's outright moronic . 
  thanks , i did n't deserve it . 
  now i 've expanded my reply . 
  i have only watched a couple of your videos , randomly , when youtube decided it was a good idea to recommend them to me . 
  i never quite bothered to study what your channel was about - my guess is basically that it 's a parody of eastern europe , but since i have n't watched nearly enough , i 'm not sure about it . 
  can you describe the point of your channel , or post one or two videos which people should watch to understand your project ? 
  either way you 're quite entertaining and i usually watch till the end if it , keep it up !, 
  i just do n't have the time to explore all the youtubers that i follow , and you 're one of the more obscure ones , 
  and a bankster makes more than a university professor for those good reasons as well ? 
  that video was really funny :d [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=16ytxopeo94 ) is my favorite though . 
  do you film with help of friends or alone ? 
  i have friends that got involved in some serious film-making , and it 's quite entertaining to observe because it 's basically a huge network of people that i knew since forever , slowly becoming better and better at it , to the point of working with some of our best actors . 
  a completely different alley than you , since their film is humanitarian in nature , and has quite a serious theme , but it 's sort-of related . 
  who the fuck is jonny ? 
  am so !, 
  i do n't read them a lot , only a couple of glances . 
  what had that jonny guy done to create this commotion ? 
  in the middle it 's daario and dany , but who are the side characters ? 
  then i guessed missandei correctly :d, 
  do you have some sources for this ? 
   -3 science per city, 
  am i the only one who finds this incredibly ignorant of important muslim contributions to science ? 
  i was talking about their past contributions that now build the foundations of modern science and mathematics . 
  current political situations do n't matter much in the grand scheme of things , which is the point of civ . 
  to give them -3 science is laughably ignorant of historical reality . 
  i was talking about their past contributions that now build the foundations of modern science and mathematics . 
  current political situations do n't matter much in the grand scheme of things , which is the point of civ . 
  to give them -3 science is laughably ignorant of historical reality . 
  scheme ( racket actually , use their drracket ide ) . 
  it is definitely the must useful to your understanding of computer science . 
  i ca n't yet call it productive since i have n't used it on a large project - but i can see how it could be . 
  actually the language was created by a series of hacks . 
  [ it 's very literally shit by almost any definition . 
  ] ( http://eev.ee/blog/2012/04/09/php-a-fractal-of-bad-design/ ), 
  the fact that it 's popular is simply the unfortunate reality . 
  wow contain your victim / conspiracy mentality . 
  it 's clearly just a joke . 
  i detect your frustration with this joke, 
  try breathing deeply to calm down, 
  i was making a statement too !, 
  we were all making statements !, 
  ai n't it wonderful ? 
  you can find comparisons elsewhere , i do n't really know too much about other variants . 
  scheme and cl seem to be most general-purpose , clojure being functional and aimed at concurrency , but i chose scheme because it 's used in sicp ( definitely recommend ) , because it 's simple , and has a very good macro system . 
  if you 're into functional programming i recommend haskell though . 
  true . 
  scheme has most tangible benefits of functional programming , mainly functional abstraction and promotion of functional reasoning . 
  if you learn a simpler language like lisp first , haskell will make intuitive sense and you 'll be able to focus directly on the problematic parts of it ( mainly syntax and purity ) . 
  first i upvoted you because of the joke and then i downvoted instead after that monologue, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  that 's not induction . 
  it 's still deduction since you 're determining a concrete single case . 
  induction means generalization essentially . 
  you seem to have a dangerous belief that punishment = vengeance . 
   how is seeking the same punishment for the liar that the accused would 've received considered vengeance ? 
  that 's like vengeance by definition . 
  the idea of the legal system is not to punish for the sake of punishment , and has n't been seen motherfucking hamurabi . 
  instead the focus is on prevention , safety , and rehabilitation . 
  any punishment must be justified by actual positive outcomes . 
  to take it to the extreme we do n't jail people for theft to make the victims feel better . 
  we jail them to discourage theft and for the security of others . 
  by acknowledging these facts you exit the emotional domain of vengeance and focus on the objective benefits of punishment . 
  therefore a thorough analysis with evidence is needed . 
  something which you have n't provided before coming to conclusions . 
   this liar apologist sort of sentiment is what encourages women to lie about this sort of thing . 
  i made no positive statement regarding this , just corrected your mislead view about the legal system . 
  your side might as well be right but they certainly have n't proven anything . 
  in fact you have the appearance of a mob with pitchforks , but that does n't make you any less right in and of itself , just makes me more weary . 
   you lot are enablers and frankly a bunch of wankers . 
  who now ? 
  contain yourself . 
  when robots are creating everything else you can finally create art for yourself and others without considering compensation and making ends meet - is n't that what human artists want ?
