   also , state ownership of the means of production inherently implies that the mop have not been socialized . 
  in this case the mop are still preserved for a particular identity and protected by force against the general public -- not that much different than private property imo . 
  again we get back to this central question . 
  how would you have the mop controlled ? 
  what is the opposite of state ownership ? 
   this is n't to forget that if you define socialization as the state owning everything , we must then concede that fascism is , in technicality , socialist . 
  dude what . 
   no , it 's more like a cooperative . 
  the workers all have an equal say in the business as long as they 're a part of it . 
  ok , but how is production coordinated ? 
  i mean you do realize how extremely complex the economy is ? 
  a factory is * not * an isolated system . 
  who allocates the capital , how do they determine how much of what to produce and at what quality ? 
  what goes where ? 
  you either need a market or a central planning agency , i 'm afraid . 
   it becomes possible only once the workers have ousted the capitalists from the businesses and factories and taken over for themselves . 
  some kind of a spontaneous worker-uprising is a fairy tale . 
  it would :, 
  fail to organize, 
  be crushed by capitalists, 
  be crushed by foreign powers, 
  be smothered through economic sanctions, 
  fall apart because no coordination, 
   from the perspective of the working class , it 's always desirable . 
  yeah but this is where you really start to see the difference between the ideal , and * actually getting there . 
  * because you ca n't get to the ideal overnight . 
  i would surely like if we all woke up one morning in a stateless , classless , moneyless , democratic society and lived happily ever after as flourishing individuals but that ai n't happening because power structures . 
  so while the * end-goal * of our desires might be the same , i think my way of getting there is much more realistic . 
  i mean you literally do n't have one , you have a fairy tale , which if i may psychoanalyze is a reflection of your resignation towards the proletarian revolution !, 
  ( that 's tongue in cheek do n't take this seriously ), 
   no , communism is a stateless society . 
  democratic production is an ideal shared by all socialist ideologies , regardless of their positions on the existence of the state . 
  that 's what i meant , semantics . 
   that 's certainly what lenin defined `` socialism '' as ( and most communists see it that way , too ) , but as an anarchist i reject the notion that the state is capable of leading anything but oppression . 
  refer to what i wrote about ` getting there ' previously . 
  and i would agree : the state is an instrument of class oppression , currently of oppression of the proletariat by the bourgeoisie , but as lenin wrote in * the state and revolution * : the proletarian state would exist to oppress the capitalists . 
  they do n't just disappear over the night you see . 
   but even a socialist state will fall victim to corruption and power lust ( either through comrades losing their way , or because opportunistic parasites maneuver their way into power ) . 
  i am very afraid of this too . 
  we have more than enough examples of it happening . 
  this is one of my main practical concerns with ml ( m ) . 
  yet i do n't know a better alternative . 
  he would be convinced , but maybe not because of wikipedia, 
  submission statement : excellent overview of marxism , ml , mlm , and such ideologies , along with their historical context . 
  the biographical additions about marx , lenin , engels , stalin , etc. , are all very interesting as well . 
  the text itself is a rather easy read . 
  sorry for the late response ;, 
   yes , i do , hence why it 's up to each cooperative to decide how best to conduct business . 
  but what type of decisions would they be making ? 
  how is that not a classic market economy ? 
   like i said above , that 's completely up to them . 
  the system is democratic for a reason . 
  firms are not isolated or independent !, 
  they do n't have their own capital !, 
  they are not producing for themselves , they are producing for others ' needs , that 's a necessary consequence of a complex economy . 
   no one knows where work is most needed than the workers themselves . 
  again , they have two things they could follow : external demand , or external command . 
   debatable ,, 
  well first it 's not an either/or situation : it 's usually a mix . 
  so you 're arguing either for a market * tendency * or a command * tendency * . 
   but i 'm not really opposed to either . 
  it seems to me you do n't really have a very concrete vision of how this system would function . 
   entirely true . 
  this is why i 'm an advocate of evolving with the needs of society . 
  here i obviously agree . 
   i do n't think i saw what your way of getting there was . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  ( not trying to be smug , actually curious . ), 
  well let me backpedal a bit and say that i am still studying , and do n't know too much to have a very firm opinion . 
  but i 'm leaning towards ml , dictatorship of the proletariat , and command economy . 
  so that means gradual centralization of the economy in the hands of a socialist government headed by a communist vanguard party . 
  however , we would need a better political system , in order to avoid inhumane behavior by the state etc. 
  we would also need advanced planning methods , which were problematic to implement in the ussr because of politics . 
   i disagree . 
  socialists are diverse . 
  many of us might share the same goals , but we should n't act like our differences are minor ones . 
  we need to accept that there are fundamental differences among different movements and work towards bridging the gap , rather than just pretending everyone else is too naive/stubborn to follow true socialism ( tm ) . 
  i agree with this . 
  what do you think our disagreement is ? 
   the soviet model has proven itself unsustainable, 
  * that 's * debatable . 
  they had tremendous achievements first of all : improved material conditions through industrialization and improved literacy rates . 
  then , they had one of the most destructive wars in history , the russian civil war , which killed tens of millions and ruined a huge amount of transportation facilities , left the population to deal with famine and disease . 
  then you had enormous famines which were always a problem there , but were intensified with bad policy . 
  all in all , i think we need to separate individual bad policy decisions , and the framework in which they worked . 
   i do think their system had many fundamental errors that would have to be corrected for a socialist state to actually be viable ( and actually be in the hands of the working class ) . 
  such as ? 
  not trying to be smug either , i want to learn more about this . 
   also , i feel the need to point out that marxism-leninism is different from orthodox marxism in a number of respects . 
  lenin even said on multiple occasions that his system was unique to the feudal conditions of russia , as marxism was built on the idea of the urban proletariat , which tsarist russia did n't really have . 
  well if i understand it correctly , lenin added crucial clarifications on the role of the state in the revolution , and also expanded the scope of marxism to include imperialist tendencies which marx did n't deal with much . 
  those seem quite general problems , relevant everywhere . 
  sure , the actual politics would 've been different in germany than in russia , but theoretically i do n't see why it should n't apply . 
  so i would need you to expand on this point , when and why did lenin say that ? 
   actual marxism ( as conceived by marx ) has never been attempted on a large scale , so there 's no saying whether it would really work , but it 's as good an alternative as any . 
  how do you ` attempt marxism ' tho ? 
  i did a quick google search but nothing really came up , sadly . 
  if someone has it , or can convert it , please notify us here !, 
   why do people have opinions i disagree with ? 
  what 's the stereotype ?
