  worker/anti-worker is the framework communists work with . 
  not individual liberty . 
   anarchism can be hierarchical , since by default capitalism is hierarchical and capitalism and anarchism are not necessarily mutually exclusive . 
  well everywhere except on reddit they are , so yes they are . 
  actually anarchism was more anti-capitalist than anti-state in its origins , proudhon even wanted something that looked like a leninist state . 
   / parachute if you 're engineer, 
  umm why not the permanent cape glider ? 
  yes the real racism is when dumb teenagers pick fights in high school . 
  it has nothing to do with systemic oppression , stereotypes , police violence . 
  the ** real issue ** is when people are mean to whites !, 
  i agree . 
  the problem however is the juxtaposition of these two problems in order to imply that they are of equal magnitude , significance , or that even the * real racism * is the one against white people . 
  nah , you are . 
  are you seriously comparing the feeling of hunger to systemic problems of postcolonial societies wow, 
  you are talking to alt right types and teenagers, 
   because we have the most billionaires , because we have the most entrepreneurs, 
  you 're simply restating that you 're an unequal society . 
   innovators , and inventors . 
  here 's a study that proves entrepreneurship is conditioned by being born into money , not by being especially talented : http://qz.com/455109/entrepreneurs-dont-have-a-special-gene-for-risk-they-come-from-families-with-money/, 
  also lets not forget exploiting other nations even more than your own workers . 
  i do not know enough about the effects of welfare state policies to answer your question . 
  however i do n't think it is granular enough to base a `` fear '' off it . 
  there are many factors that lead to an innovation , having an xy % less profit in the far future after commercialization and mass-production probably could impact the decision . 
  however , the effect of welfare state policies might have had other effects which were n't accounted for , such as increasing purchasing power , increasing the likelihood of the innovation even being possible to implement ( education ) , etc. 
   have happened if european-style socialism was more popular in america, 
  `` european-style socialism '' is not a thing , what you 're referring to is still capitalism , just with a welfare state . 
   but it does mean government control/regulation of key industries . 
  all governments are socialist to various degrees , scandinavians just more so than many others . 
  a welfare state is not socialism . 
  socialism implies revolution with establishing a planned economy with a tendency towards specific political goals in order to reach communism ( for example , mass industrialization under stalin ) . 
  social democracy merely means policies that benefit the workers and make capitalism easier to bear , but it has nothing to do with abolishing capitalism . 
   not all self-professed socialists believe this . 
  i 'll refer you to a very obvious one , bernie sanders , to disprove your claim . 
  i bet you also believe hitler was a socialist lmao, 
   lenin also said that capitalism was the first step towards communism, 
  so did marx and every socialist and communist ever . 
  so you do ? 
  wow . 
  it was a reductio ad absurdum to show how appropriating socialist terminology does n't make one a socialist . 
  there is a clear definition of what that movement stands for , and neither bernie sandler nor herr hitler fill the criteria , even though they both called themselves ` socialists ' . 
   no , no it does n't . 
  it is true that in the late 19th century , reformists still counted as socialists , but they do n't any longer . 
  social democracy is viewed as a capitalist cooptation in any socialist movement . 
  bernie sanders is a bourgeois politician just as much as trump or hillary . 
   you ca n't pick the one definition to suit your purpose . 
  ... and what is my purpose ? 
  i 'm merely here to correct americans over their abhorrent twisting of terminology , 
  the fundamental principles are straightforward . 
  marxist-leninists and trotskyists , for example , may not agree over specific issues such as whether socialism is possible in a single country , or what the ussr was , but all of them agree with what socialism stands for in general . 
  it is an anti-capitalist movement of the workers and its accompanying ideology . 
  moreover , it 's perfectly clear that they have nothing to do with neither national socialists nor social democrats , as neither of these are worker 's movements nor are anti-capitalist . 
  if you fail to see that , i 'm not interested in further discussion with you . 
   are we a spokesperson for the what presently counts as socialism society , now ? 
  this sort of relativism can be used to attack absolutely anything . 
  the entirety of the socialist movement is based on well-defined principles of anti-capitalism and worker-originating struggle . 
  social democrats do n't even call themselves socialists anymore ( except in the case of bernie ) , and they 've been discredited by the socialist movement since the 2nd international . 
  these are historical facts . 
  not my personal beliefs . 
   so you offer no defense for picking your own definition of socialism and arguing against others ? 
  i did n't pick a definition out of some definition basket . 
  i 'm tutoring you in history at this point . 
   yes , it 's already established there 's only room for soviet definitions of socialism , and that true socialists are in favor of the violent seizure of the means of production by factory workers . 
  lenin 's major opponents were : left communists led by rosa luxemburg , anarchists , and mensheviks . 
  all of these factions had very different interpretations of socialism , but they were all staunchly anti-capitalist and in favor of worker 's revolution . 
  all of them were worldwide movements . 
  furthermore there were many disagreements in the soviet union 's government as well . 
  many varying interpretations . 
  again , all of which were socialists . 
   by the way , what 's up with mao thinking you could have a peasant-led socialist revolution . 
  boy was he wrong , right ? 
  he advocated for a collaboration between the peasant class and the working class , i do n't know what else you 're suggesting here . 
   sorry i do n't meet your socialist purity test . 
  it 's a basic political theory and history test . 
  what other definitions of socialism are you arguing for ? 
  public funding of healthcare and education never was , and never will be , socialism . 
   differentiate themselves from revolutionaries and not because of any ideological shift, 
  that 's an ideological shift . 
   i do n't think there 's been much of a movement for a while now ( see : the 2nd international ), 
  if you 're trying to say that the worker 's movement has taken many hits in the past few decades , i definitely agree , but i do n't see how that changes any definitions . 
   when i said , `` yes , it 's already established there 's only room for soviet definitions of socialism , '' i was being sarcastic . 
  i know that . 
  which is why i pointed out there are many non-soviet socialist tendencies , and that there was no unified `` soviet socialism '' , only marxism-leninism , a later development and codification of lenin 's ideas about how to lead a socialist country and party ( i think stalin and lukacs were the primary developers of this ideology , and i clearly do n't believe it 's the only one that qualifies as socialist ) . 
   mao 's interpretation of the socialist revolution was quite different from marx 's , who believed it would be ( industrial ) worker led . 
  again , definitions of socialism vary . 
  socialism is n't defined as `` every belief marx held privately '' . 
  i called anarchism socialist , for example , which is clearly un-marxist . 
  although , i should point out , that the ` term ' socialism has a dual meaning here : in this context ( when i call anarchism socialist ) , it means `` ideology of the working class '' . 
  however , i usually accept lenin 's delineation : socialism as a step towards communism , in which case it is an economic and political system . 
   again : government ownership and regulation of industries , or more specifically means of production , are socialist elements . 
  why several people on this thread are convinced that you 're either 100 % capitalist or 100 % communist is curious . 
  you could argue that industrial centralization is an element of implementing socialism , and i would agree , but to argue that * all * government involvement is socialism is silly . 
  there is still a huge difference between a socialist government introducing some elements of capitalism in order to develop the productive forces ( see : nep ) , and a capitalist government implementing elements of a welfare state . 
   and it does n't mean it 's no longer socialist . 
  so on what grounds would you argue it is socialist ? 
  how has the definition changed to suddenly include bourgeois politicians which are invested in the capitalist system ? 
  it 's very clear that capitalism and socialism are antonyms : you ca n't `` have a mix '' . 
  you can have government intervention in the economy to fix some problems , but that 's still just social democracy , not socialism . 
  the defining tenet of socialism is * anti- * capitalism . 
   i 'm implying , in the absence of a reasonably-sized de jure socialist movement , its successors carry on its purpose while modifying their aims ( see : communists -  social democrats in germany ) . 
  now you 're the one arguing for definition by authority instead of definition by content .
