   an avenue you can take is that marx has declined in academia . 
  he ca n't really , that 'd be off-topic . 
  are you saying marx is above critique ? 
  that 's a bit of a stretch, 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  the point of formal debate is disregarding your personal beliefs and creating artificial , yet consistent frameworks of discussion . 
  as a communist , you should be able to debate from the ancap perspective , for example . 
  why ? 
  i thought dennett was actually a very reputable philosopher ? 
  my friend 's phone rang right after he watched the ring alone at night when he was little . 
  is there a sub dedicated to warcraft lore ? 
  i loved those strategy games, 
  what the fuck is a fil, 
  yeah well english is not my first language and i 've literally never seen that before , and i 've been on the internet for a looong time, 
   if handshaking is perfectly socially acceptable , why do people who also execute a * process involving mechanical interaction between two bodies * - like for example emptying a mag into someone - get so much hate ? 
  i presume they are defended because people believe in their methods and ideas ( less so with stalin than lenin it would seem ) . 
  the methods they used were pretty much derived directly from marx and other revolutionaries ' writings . 
  if i may ask , once you organize your egoists , how do you do anything without ` oppressing the bourgeoisie ' ? 
  at what point do they voluntarily agree to hand you over control of the means of production ? 
  just stop posting and read a fucking wikipedia article on cultural and moral relativism , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
   i 'm saying it 's nice when commercial software is n't forced to reinvent the wheel, 
  you mean it 's good when software is freely shared and developed collaboratively ? 
  hmm, 
  this is n't about the mit license , it 's about you holding contradictory values . 
  freely shared progress and proprietary software are opposed ( that is if you do n't take the very naive and literal interpretation `` it 's free for me to profit off your progress '' which is very clearly not the kind of `` freely shared progress '' people are talking about , but its antithesis as i have already said ) . 
  this fact for me is the justification for the gpl to be more restrictive than the mit license . 
  it 's justified to restrict some freedoms if more important ones are preserved/propagated . 
   they 're only as opposed as all that if you 're an ideologue . 
  not at all , they 're opposed completely independently of my status as an ideologue . 
  firstly , they 're literally * the opposite * : one is free , and the other is not . 
  this opposition is generated by differing motivations behind development : mutual benefit / altruism vs. profit . 
  the profit motive leads one to employ technical and state-coercive methods in order to rob the community of controlling its software . 
  it 's the same opposition as with private and common property . 
  all of this is very evident in the software world and simple to understand , and just because some hip companies are paying lip service to open source , it does n't mean that their underlying models are any more community-oriented or altruistic . 
  they 're economic agents looking to maximize profit . 
   and plenty of people who believe in free software but do n't believe in it in quite the way you do . 
  people are completely capable of not fully analyzing a situation or driving their assumptions to their logical conclusions . 
   i do n't mind if someone profits off of something i gave away for free , so long as i gave permission . 
  ` profit ' implies property , which implies taking away community control and individual freedom . 
  if you believe in the moral superiority of free software , then i do n't see how this is not a contradiction on your part . 
   there are some pieces of software that people like , but which probably would n't exist if they were n't proprietary, 
  i do use some proprietary software for pragmatic reasons , but i still think free software is morally superior . 
  pretty sure the discussion is about how consciousness is not a computable function , not about how transistors can be made out of meat . 
  i agree . 
  but the opposite claim is just as unsupported . 
  not only that , saying consciousness is ` computable ' is a reduction in complexity which has a broader burden of proof . 
  i can also employ this intuition pump against it : if you believe consciousness is computable , you also believe that solving equations on a napkin can lead to a conscious process . 
  i do n't have mathematical proof but this realization lead me to believe consciousness is a physical process qualitatively different than a simulation of it . 
   i 'm not sure i understand what you 're trying to argue with that ? 
  i 'm trying to show you a ridiculous example of what you have to believe to be consistent with the notion that a simulation of consciousness is conscious itself . 
   can you create a complex thermodynamic simulation of the workings of a star or calculate the properties of a rotating black hole on a napkin ? 
  simulations yes . 
  i 'm arguing that there is a difference between simulation and experience . 
   and yes , if consciousness is `` computable '' , than consciousness could be created on a napkin as well . 
  but that would be a very `` slow '' consciousness . 
  what would be conscious ? 
   is it a result or an artifact of the `` calculations '' and processes in our brain ? 
  or is it something different , disconnected , metaphysical ? 
  false dichotomy . 
  i think it 's something very connected and physical . 
  there must be some physical matter that we assign the property of consciousness to , of experience . 
  ( this is what i * believe * , i do n't have much proof . ), 
  essentially i 'm saying this : if you had a physical process , and a * perfect simulation * of that physical process , there would be something which could differentiate between the two , and that is experience/consciousness . 
   reddit was ultra leftist . 
  top . 
  kek, 
  this thread is great . 
  i like it how reddit generally shits all over any form of relativism until people question something * they * do n't like - then suddenly slavery is a completely relative issue !, 
  how you feeling in that bubble pal ? 
  i do n't think you get to choose when people get offended . 
  just because you do n't care about those people does n't mean that society does n't . 
  here are two interesting arguments in favor of free speech :, 
  everyone has a fundamental right to hold and express any idea, 
  there can be no moral authority which determines which ideas are right and which are not, 
  however , they are contradictory , since 1 relies on moral realism to determine free speech as a universal right , and 2 is inherently relativistic . 
  if you accept moral realism , you must somehow justify a value set which includes free speech against a one that does n't . 
   people who self subscribe to an ideology are mentally weak . 
  what do you think the word ideology means ? 
   did i hurt your feelings by being a free-speech-fascist ? 
  awww, 
  something tells me you very much do follow an ideology , even if you do n't call it that . 
   well , for one , i claimed to choose when people get offended . 
  i 'm having trouble parsing that sentence . 
  you choose how other people feel ? 
   it 's always up to the individual whether or not they will take offense . 
  this is not about individuals . 
  this is about systems of oppression , and the role of speech in propagating them . 
   well , okay , you can , but it 's not going to work all that well . 
  i do n't have much of an opinion on that yet , but for me it 's an issue of political pragmatism , not ethics . 
  i would have no ethical problem with no-platforming racists . 
   what i 've said in other comments in this thread is that i think that being politically correct is just paying lip service to the actual inequality that these groups tend to experience . 
  i do n't think it addresses the core inequalities that make room for this marginalization to occur in the first place . 
  i absolutely agree with this and everything you wrote afterwards . 
  ok , i see what your point was . 
  i was on 4chan much longer than i 've been on reddit , i remember them organizing protests and so on . 
  it was a completely different website . 
  i came to reddit relatively recently though so it did n't immediately hit me what time you could 've been referring to . 
  however , people who form the strongest opposers of these `` identity politics leftists '' are very often extreme right-wing reactionaries . 
  the likes of which hang out on 4chan and many , many subreddits . 
  i think identity politics is a wrong political method , but the right wingers who oppose it are much more dangerous .
