   never happen . 
  yeah it 's not a binary thing , but something to strive for . 
   you want to be able to attack people for what they say ? 
  you 'll catch a beating and deserve it . 
  a bit hypocritical here , are n't we ? 
  the rape advocates are the ones who deserve it and would 've caught it . 
  me , personally , i 'm not violent and would n't engage in such activities , but i just think they 're justified . 
   you 're not seeing any hypocrisy here ? 
  my entire point is that intolerance is cool as long as it 's directed in the right way ( pun intended ) . 
   hate , intolerance and racism is perfectly fine as long as it 's used against people you disagree with . 
  no , racism is never fine . 
  intolerance is a neutral concept , just like violence . 
  it 's ok to use violence to prevent more violence , that 's the principle here . 
  racism is political and has to be stopped in part with , yes , intolerance of racism . 
  if you say you 're against racism you 're being intolerant of racism . 
  `` fuck off racist '' is simply a higher degree of intolerance . 
   i 'm trying to get you to understand that they were hated just the same way you hate rapists . 
  and i 'm trying to get you to understand that the tactic is morally neutral and can be applied for good or wrong . 
  against jews and blacks , it 's oppression , against rapists , it 's self-defense and anti-oppression . 
   yes . 
  we protect them ( both marginalized , but for different reasons ) because if you do n't , then you 're next . 
  i highly doubt it . 
  unless reddit beats me up . 
   rule of law , except when you disagree . 
  you 're a lunatic . 
  `` violence , except when you disagree '' - this is literally what this type of thinking would lead you to believe the rule of law is . 
  i do n't buy reddit-think . 
  it does n't matter who agrees with what , what matters are objective moral facts regarding the situation , and rape absolutely can not be tolerated . 
  [ pretty sure we do n't live in the same reality . 
  4chan is extreme right, 
  well yeah , kinda . 
  in my country the walls are usually filled with nazi symbols and political messages . 
   it 's vile either way . 
  you are n't defending yourself , you 're attacking people who are n't harming you . 
  speech has real world consequences . 
  they are defending themselves and others . 
   ` first they came for the jews ' - you are literally advocating for the tactics of hitler, 
  except hitler pretty much did that shit legally at one point . 
  again we see _ what _ you 're fighting for __ also matters __ , not just whether you 're doing it legally . 
  and do n't twist my words i said i believe the law is important , it just has its limits . 
   no , rule of law means that violence is used ultimately to enforce the law , but no further . 
  but then it 's still just what the people democratically disagree with . 
   we are n't talking about people in the act of raping , we 're talkig about some dudes talking about rape . 
  we are talking about the political act of rape normalization with real-world consequences . 
   and is your country ruled by nazis ? 
  yes it is . 
  by supporters of a nazi pupet state , more precisely . 
  and i mean that [ literally ] ( http://www.telegram.hr/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/hasanbegovi\u0107-prtscr-novosti-twitter-656x365.jpg ) -- this is our minister of culture wearing our version of a cap with a swastika . 
  he published books denying the holocaust . 
  ( it 's black and white because it 's a scan of an older newspaper ), 
   it 's a function of how the site works that the most offensive content and the ensuing shitstorm to predominate over what is benign and provokes no strong response . 
  so at this point you 're essentially calling me mentally challenged . 
  oh they 're just supporting anti-muslim rallies _ because it 's controversial . _ they 're discussing intricacies of genocide because it 's fun !, 
  and you realize that 4chan is prettty much the most random site with regards to sorting content ? 
  just reply to any thread and it goes to the top . 
  there is no voting system like reddit , no reblogging , no likes . 
  it 's pretty much _ the perfecf map of what its users believe . _, 
   wait am i on tumblr again, 
  i was just in a thread where i was accused of * not tolerating * rapists . 
  not hurting them or anything , just being intolerant towards them . 
  i 'm basically a fascist i was told . 
   well whatever the goal is i do think we need to be able to quantify it to some extent . 
  i have nothing against quantification per se , but for me it 's secondary to a good debate . 
   i think most of this could be taught in high school though . 
  personally i think it would need a revamping of the entire system but as i said i do n't have many concrete policy suggestions as of yet . 
  maybe there would be no high schools as they currently exist . 
   i 'm confused . 
  market principles are simply another in the list of things to learn , why single them out ? 
  just add economics to your list . 
  you misunderstood me , of course you should be able to learn economics and that includes market economies . 
  what i meant was that the market should n't dictate what gets taught . 
   i think the internet is going to make this happen automatically . 
  ehh that 's overly optimistic . 
  i 'm still for social and political change . 
   you can learn almost everything you need on the internet right now to make a very good living . 
  yes but learning is not the sole purpose of the education system . 
  cultivation of values , socialization , project work , skills - all that is very hard to come by and requires hands-on experience . 
   when it was effectively shut down last year, 
  what happened ? 
  i definitely agree that progressives are n't socialists , that 's obvious to everyone . 
  but `` social justice '' is a value that you aspire to attain , not some movement . 
  socialists support social justice . 
   no , advocating nasty things does n't deserve violence . 
  no , violence can be justified as defense . 
  i 'm saying speech can be harmful . 
   in the meantime , we make laws for imperfect reality, 
  which , for me , would include things like banning neo-nazis and rape advocates . 
  so we can respect the law and not need vigilantism . 
  this does n't really happen imo . 
  in this specific case the socialists were quite effective at nullifying rape advocates ' plans . 
  i 've heard of many others . 
  i mean it 's people who know what they 're doing against disgusting fat basement-dwelling weirdos who only have a voice on the internet . 
   `` he was mean so i defended myself with fists '' . 
  that wo n't fly . 
  you 're infantilizing the situation . 
  of course in an environment where there actually exists an authority that can stop emotional abuse , that should be the preferred solution . 
  note that the authority can also use violent measures since that 's the definition of authority , we 're not talking just physical violence here we 're talking things like limiting someone 's freedom of movement or restricting access to common resources like a school . 
  however this is not the case here , and authorities can not do shit , but it is still harmful enough that something must be done . 
  example : breaking up neo-nazi rallies . 
   firstly , those are n't socialists .
