  does this actually exist ? 
  i 've met a handful of feminists , both male and female , both online and irl , and i 've never heard someone tout the ideology you 're mentioning . 
  but according to reddit , this is the only type of feminism that exists . 
  i think circumcision should definitely be illegal for both boys and girls , but it 's really much more gruesome for girls , that 's why it was easier to get it banned . 
  no , you do n't , as there were witnesses to this , and the guy was already sending emails of dubious content to various females . 
  but i totally agree , we should wait until there are physical marks of violation on her body until accusing the poor man of rape !, 
  * it could ruin his life !, 
   by that , i mean that `` no preference of one group over another , ever , under any circumstances , because biases are bad '' is a political abstract . 
  it looks good on paper , but when it comes to practical real-world situations , it only maintains a racist/sexist status quo , by failing to address unofficial biases . 
  nicely put , thanks for the answer . 
  i think i can support the idea . 
  and actually is [ free ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_software ) . 
  windows users getting package managers , except 20 years too late and basically missing all the features that make them useful , like tracking dependencies , version locking , smart upgrades , being able the update everything with one command ( system files * or * apps ) , autoremoving , community repos , various plugins , and most importantly : a large selection of software . 
  if you 'd like all of that , i suggest fedora or ubuntu . 
   the software must be pretty complex , and you can just download it for free . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  an incredible amount of complex software is [ free and open source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_software ) . 
  linux being a prominent example . 
  reddit runs on linux , and so does most of the internet . 
  there are thousands of other software that are free and complex . 
  it 's really the only way for software to thrive . 
   built with c , compiled with gcc, 
  huh . 
  but in this case the compiler can compile itself . 
  actually it 's not about equal outcomes , it 's about offsetting biases against women and minorities . 
  and those are very provable , here 's a collection of studies i found : http://homepages.inf.ed.ac.uk/perdita/genderbias/ . 
   * ... * the participants were significantly more likely to recommend the hiring of the candidate if they saw a male name on the `` hiring '' cv than if they saw a female name . 
  also , are you really going to claim discrimination disappeared one day ? 
  women do n't get the right to vote and are discriminated in many ways one day , and the next we all simply forget about that and become a fair society ? 
  yep , wrong tab lol, 
  ** the entire post they are discussing is about a guy digging up anything he could find in a frantic attempt to assassinate the character of a girl that said she was ugly . 
  ** the level of hypocrisy you are displaying is simply appalling . 
  also he actually misquotes her and is completely dishonest . 
  oh and that guy srs talked about ? 
  he was a redpilling misogynist . 
  but that 's ok i guess !, 
   clearly she 's gotten male attention . 
  that 's enough , being the pitchforks !, 
  dammit women are at it again . 
  why wo n't they leave us men alone ? 
  we are the true victims of oppression !, 
   we 've never gotten out of a hospital for under $ 800, 
  just got back from the hospital ... * for free *, 
  i usually really respect the usa but holy shit healthcare is such a basic thing that you still ca n't get right . 
  my country usually sucks , but i 'd consider staying simply for the free healthcare and education . 
  very nice , thanks for suggesting both of those . 
  i think the lamp research group at epfl ( led by odersky , creator of scala ) is really determined when it comes to the second point . 
  i mean she 's also a woman , so we can just assume she was lying . 
  got confirmed by a doctor ? 
  nah fuck that , * think about the poor man !, 
   that 's really the only way they could ever upset linux in the server market . 
  i do n't see how that 's possible . 
  windows , in server environments , is really inferior to linux . 
  i do n't see how it could power a data center , various unix-only applications , and the whole culture is really unix-centered anyway . 
  kind of like in the desktop , but reverse . 
  there really is n't much difference in ideology between gpl and the permissive licenses , and they pretty much describe the same set of software ( foss ) . 
  the difference is only that the gpl does n't allow the software to be integrated in closed source applications . 
  which has nothing to do with foss itself , and everything to do with a specific , and i 'd say , in the end , faulty , way of spreading free software . 
  apache , mit , bsd - they 're still all free and open source , they 're still all great . 
  what are you referring to ? 
  haha man , i hope it gets better for you !, 
  on the flip side , that 's the first time i ever heard such a thing exists . 
  [ slightly relevant . 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/bwdrhqnz9lo ), 
  ( of course pretty sure that 's a basic thing that exists everywhere and that they 're free here , i 'm a guy so probably that 's why i haven ' heard/had forgotten . ), 
  do you have some evidence ? 
  that would be great , because i did n't know windows was capable of running on advanced hardware like that . 
  i now regret not asking an azure engineer this question on a presentation i was at recently ... 
  no no , i 'd believe microsoft , i just never saw them actually specify anything . 
  i 've always thought it was linux and saw articles that confirmed it . 
  the presentation i mentioned is where i * forgot * to ask . 
   saves me from having to take my hand off the mouse, 
  what an inefficient way of using your computer - i usually try to maximize on the keyboard time ... 
  too bad linux is not invited . 
  ca n't enter . 
  shhhh , you do n't want the corporate shills and crazy stoners to hear it . 
  are you trying to start a war ? 
   correct me if i 'm wrong, 
  it 's not that you 're wrong , you 're just not necessarily right . 
   hang on , if we outlaw child pornography , wont it just spawn a black market ? 
  replace with anything . 
  because any law banning any thing is equivalent to that specific one , at that specific time , in that specific society . 
  do n't ban * anything * !, 
  why is the right to vote a relevant measure ? 
  the research i linked clearly shows that there is a bias against women , and there are many other studies with similar results . 
  affirmative action tries to correct that . 
  also , there are many female geniuses capable of working in cs , and interest is * completely * cultural . 
  the distribution is not as dramatic a you make it out to be , it definitely does not explain why there are so few women in cs . 
  i still believe that affirmative action is not a complete solution because the problem is cultural . 
  you ca n't force women to get into a field that is hostile to them . 
  i agree with [ jeff atwood ] ( http://blog.codinghorror.com/what-can-men-do/ ) , it 's men in the industry that should change to accommodate more women into the field . 
  i do n't know, 
   i agree with atwood except for the drinking and romance parts - policing adults as though they were under the drinking age is a bit foolish . 
  he said :, 
   if you want to drink , be my guest . 
  drink . 
  you 're a grown up . 
  i 'm not the boss of you . 
  but do n't drink in a situation or event that is officially connected with work in any way . 
  that should absolutely be your personal and company policy -- no exceptions .
