  or were there multiple burnings ? 
  holy shit that 's bad . 
  it 's awful on pc too . 
  firefox desktop and firefox android have a reader mode though , which can save you from the pain of experiencing those sites . 
  can you elaborate for a non-american ? 
  is n't trump just a more extreme version of those guys ? 
   hillary ( for her benefit ) , sanders ( again , for hillary 's benefit ) and jeb ( for his benefit ), 
  but is n't all of this inconsistent ? 
  why would he want hillary and jeb to benefit at the same time , and how would that even happen from what he is doing ? 
  oh , ok , did n't catch that . 
  elysium is not a really good movie though, 
  so because there are already many guns in circulation we should make ... more of them available ? 
  everybody hates trots, 
  how do i add those icons ? 
  the * obvious * choice !, 
   she is burzuj, 
  explain ? 
   i 'm not a rocket scientist but going from moon to earth to moon should be easier than earth to moon then back to earth . 
  in both cases it 's the same amount of takeoffs/landings from/to earth/moon , just in different order . 
  it 's the same thing . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i know what the word means i meant explain his wife like who is she, 
  if he wants ofc, 
  i 'm not from america and we do n't even have this concept of bullying . 
  sure sometimes kids tease each other or sometimes there is violence , but generally people just hung out , there was no ` competition ' or incentive to exclude people . 
  but yeah the only people who would be consistently problematic were ` odd ' and later turned to drugs or more violent behavior . 
  i 'm just a sympathiser but my advice is to calm the fuck down . 
  do n't take politics too seriously . 
  generation 2 is much darker , but still has very connectible characters and emotional stories . 
  definitely worth watching . 
  gen 1 is still my favourite though . 
  i was too quick to judge . 
  it 's starting to come together now !, 
  however most of my criticism still stands : these guys are just not all that interesting or loveable as gen 1 . 
   gen 2 i frankly never buy these people as actual friends . 
  yeah they had very problematic dynamics , but that was most definitely intentional . 
  gen 2 really is bitter and about relationships being torn . 
  that 's why the ending is so satisfactory . 
   but i just ca n't like cook . 
  i really , really despise him . 
  did you see the ending ? 
  that and the entire father sequence made cook my favourite character . 
  * i 'm cook !!!, 
  * redeemed every little shitty thing he 's done . 
  how would you prefer it have ended ? 
  for me it was a pretty good closure because it redeemed cook and reconnected the rest . 
  in fact , 1st gen 's ending was a rather good closure as well ... 
  i do n't know , i just clicked with cook . 
  snape killswait what, 
  or , you know , *** legitimate patients *** who still care about their privacy !, 
   reddit is n't racist you guys racism does n't even exist anymore !, 
  i 'm too confused to even reply to this . 
  like what the fuck am i even reading , you are n't even trying as a racist you totally suck at it . 
  thanks for the info , i did n't know that term . 
  i meant to write something snarky like `` my reaction will probably serve as some weird affirmation to his beliefs '' - seems like i was n't far off . 
  how ? 
  even the most traditional and conservative people have an explicit problem with beating * women specifically * , because they are simply as a matter of biological and statistical fact less likely to be able to defend themselves . 
  it 's not sexist . 
  it 's unfair . 
  you do n't have to be a feminist to see that . 
  what you do n't ? 
  awesome . 
  pm me your medical history , embarassing photos , and credit card info . 
  no actually , post them right here , it 's fine you * should n't * expect privacy !, 
  what i expect or how i behave is not your concern . 
  privacy is a value i care about , like a slave may advocate freedom even though he has none . 
  it 's an extremely simple concept to grasp . 
  i 'm for stronger regulations and better technology that will enable people to have more privacy by default . 
   but honestly , i think i know what they were going for . 
  they wanted to take all these stock characters and turn them all on their head . 
  great idea actually . 
  it changed my perspective a bit . 
  i think i agree with rest of what you said too , though -- it could 've been executed better . 
  honestly one of the best things about skins is that unexpected , emotional kick you get at the end . 
  holy shit this . 
  clichey name but it 's a * must watch !, 
  this is n't anything remotely related to `` legitimate research '' . 
  it 's idiocy . 
  there 's plenty of legitimate robotics research being funded . 
   legitimate research into giant combat mechs ? 
  no , legitimate research into actual robotics , not some cartooney spectacle . 
   a giant hand to hand combat capable robot would be totally worth the cash . 
  that 's retarded . 
  this is real life not anime . 
  would n't be worth the cash even if it was made . 
  that 's ... not how references work, 
  what does this even mean ? 
  not every statement is a scientific hypothesis . 
  that one is not precisely because it is the prime example of unfalsifiability . 
  yeah i 'd go as far as saying it 's a misnomer . 
  the motivation was there i guess but the mechanisms , structure , purpose -- completely different ... 
  you are completely and utterly wrong . 
  guess what , there are racists on the imternet . 
  i do n't mean people who make racist jokes but people who , you know , go to neo nazi rallies and organize such events over the internet . 
  like super-serious for real racists . 
  go to / pol / and you 'll see they 're not trolling at all . 
  it 's an extension of stormfront basically , except with more extreme content . 
  so what you 're saying is that all the conspiracy theories surrounding jews and blacks that are glaring on the front page all the time are there ` for the lulz ' . 
  like i literally just opened the first page and found [ this as the second thread ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cnaodcb.png ) . 
  and i 've seen *** holy shit much worse and much more racist .
