  as i pointed out in the other thread , many socialists were very critical of the ussr , while still being revolutionary and anti-capitalist . 
  they still exist today , and the bourgeois politicians who sometimes appropriate socialist terminology do n't change the content of these ideologies . 
  i mean , you can call bernie sanders a socialist if you want , but the * meaning * is still much different : you 're either bourgeois or you 're not . 
   and many do not, 
  of course . 
  i was stating a personal opinion . 
  the other non-leninist socialist tendencies i mentioned have differing , but still socialist ideologies . 
   what i 'd argue as socialist policies ( you would n't , and that 's ok ) , are n't inevitable steps towards pure communism , but are government interventions for the people 's benefits . 
  socialism is a worker 's movement against capitalism . 
  this is the most basic , high-level definition , and it 's set in stone . 
  the entire world accepts this : what you 're referring to is social democracy , a non-socialist ideology . 
   then we 're just going to disagree . 
  you 're not just disagreeing with me , you 're disagreeing with pretty basic political terminology and history : http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/socialism, 
   i 'd agree that communist and capitalist are mutually exclusive , as communism ( from my understanding ) would have no motivation to provide value to others and use it for your own physical ( if not monetary ) gain . 
  that 's wholly irrelevant to the topic . 
   then you 're disagreeing with the first definition that pops up on google . 
  which one ? 
   with our two contradictory examples clearly demonstrating that, 
  again , what is your example ? 
   it 's pretty clear that there is no one single definition , with our two contradictory examples clearly demonstrating that . 
  no , not a single definition . 
  i myself gave several examples , and have explicated the differences and similarities between them . 
  the similarities are what disqualify social democracy from counting as socialism . 
  the entire point is that all different strains and definitions of socialism stem from one single underlying principle : a worker 's anticapitalist ideology . 
  social democracy is neither . 
  it is antithetical in that regard as much as liberalism is . 
   you said that capitalism and socialism are mutually exclusive concepts . 
  i said that capitalism and communism were ,, 
  i was talking about your speculations regarding motivation under communism . 
  that truly is irrelevant . 
  communism sees itself as a higher stage of development from capitalism , it 's not in the same category so it 's arguable whether it 's `` contradictory '' to capitalism . 
  taken as an ideology , sure . 
  but then it has the same meaning as socialism , whose contradictori-ness to capitalism we are still discussing . 
  you mean :, 
   a political and economic theory of social organization which advocates that the means of production , distribution , and exchange should be owned or regulated by the community as a whole . 
   policy or practice based on the political and economic theory of socialism . 
   ( in marxist theory ) a transitional social state between the overthrow of capitalism and the realization of communism . 
  i do n't really see which one is incompatible with what i 'm saying . 
   the two definitions of socialism we each cited . 
  christ . 
  no honestly i do n't know which one you cited . 
  i seriously do n't know what you 're arguing at this point . 
  maybe i 'm selectively blind but you 'll have to refer me to the post where you wrote your definition of socialism or referred to one unambiguously . 
  are you arguing that social democracy is socialist ? 
  it 's not the same . 
  abstract concepts like mercy describe emergent properties of social systems . 
  they exist in the extent we claim they do . 
  some concepts , like tooth fairies and god , claim actual existence , which is clearly not the same . 
  lmao the irony, 
   that sounds like something a socialist would say, 
  a social democrat , not a socialist . 
  left libertarians are fucking socialists who stand against everything the libertarian party could ever think of : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/left-libertarianism, 
  oh , really ? 
  i thought you were talking about something recent , because you mentioned ron paul . 
  yeah because reddit 's opinions on things and reporting on the dprk is totally objective and not [ basically just made up ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/oct/13/why-do-north-korean-defector-testimonies-so-often-fall-apart ), 
  because our inability to handle it is caused by capitalism . 
  in fact , people who think we can battle climate change without battling capitalism , are also very mislead . 
   secondly , liberals do the exact same thing . 
  they just happen to parrot opinions that seem more in line with science but are actually on the far end of the spectrum . 
  it 's like having a white goat and conservatives saying it 's a white dog and liberals saying it 's a black goat . 
  liberals may seem like they are more informed but really they are just as wrong . 
  lmao how many contradictions can you stuff into a single paragraph ? 
   since you listed none i 'm going to go with zero contradictions . 
  logic does n't work that way . 
  they 're still contradictions , listed or not . 
  i 'm making fun of it not arguing since i do n't see the point . 
  but here you go :, 
   `` exact same thing '', 
   `` more in line with science '', 
   * example where liberals are more accurate *, 
   `` they are just as wrong '', 
  these are contradictory . 
   something that dared to go against your opinion, 
  watch out for those cows i heard they like salt . 
  also lol you do n't even know my opinion . 
  fuck companies and `` entrepreneurs '' . 
  as a marxist , agreed, 
  i love it how directly you explicate the exact reason these posts are popular on reddit : it is not because you care for the boy , it 's so you can deny women are oppressed . 
  he wrote :, 
   i ca n't believe how goddamned oppressed women are in this country it just makes my blood boil, 
  so ... what conclusion do you think i arrived at , about his views on whether women are oppressed or not ? 
   in order to affirm your prior beliefs about the oppression of women, 
  it 's almost as if you agree with him too . 
  you people are unbelievable . 
  yep , you americans are free to keep fucking yourselves over and choosing worse and worse candidates because they 're the `` lesser evil '' , instead of actually engaging in real working-class organization . 
  i mean , who am i talking to , people here believe liberal = left . 
  if europe was a country your comment would make sense, 
  fuck you and your historical revisionism . 
  you are a disgrace to all the victims of nazism . 
  you probably rely on nazi-inspired anti-communist propaganda for information as well . 
  nope , people who equate the soviet union with nazi germany are revisionists . 
  nazis wanted to get the world rid of ` unworthy ' races by committing genocide . 
  soviets did no such thing . 
  killing someone who you deem an enemy of the state , no matter how wrong , is fundamentally different than exterminating races . 
   soviets wanted to kill off the people who were considered or suspected to be against the soviet ideology and the government . 
  that 's vaguely true but in no way comparable to ethnic and racial genocide committed by the nazis . 
  the soviets gave you a choice : if you engaged in anti-government activity , you could be killed ( if influential ) . 
  the nazis did n't : if you had ` impure ' lineage , you would be killed . 
  this has to be interpreted in context , though : in the russian civil war , several different imperial armies , along with domestic anti-soviet elements , waged the war against the soviets . 
  this did n't end when they won the war .
