  i just believe in the bottom-up approach to learning . 
  oh , good , that 's a relief . 
  are you seriously bitching about jokes in a humour sub ? 
   '95 was 20 years ago, 
  i was picturing men with mustaches and monocles being confused the fuck out of everything now i 'm picturing my stoned highschool friends, 
  this thread became slightly less spectacular, 
  i remember daydreaming about future tech as a kid ... 
  i could n't even imagine half the stuff we have right now !, 
  but the magic is kind of gone . 
  it 's just like ... normal now . 
  that 's some hard denial bro you should get it checked, 
  ^ ^ hue, 
  oh , i totally agree : when i was imagining tech , i was also imagining it would also kinda sorta work . 
  but at least we 're getting there . 
  a lot of the consumer tech that highly affected our lives is like less than half a decade old - give it time . 
  the graffiti says `` u korak s vremenom '' meaning `` in modern times '' , by the way . 
  as far as i can tell this is criticism of contemporary us , not historical russia . 
  for fucks sake people it 's an anti-imperialist/globalization installation . 
  they 're equating the oppressors of the past with the usa . 
  it 's not anti-russia . 
  i think it 's anti-us . 
  they 're saying that the us corporations of today are like the communists of yesterday . 
  at least that 's my impression . 
   that would be terribly politically incorrect, 
  nah i believe the proper term is ` wild conjecture ' . 
  yeah , they `` could '' , but with small sample size the probability is greater that it 's just random . 
  you need to get a p-value < 0.01 for it to be significant iirc . 
  i 'm pretty sure they could n't have gotten that . 
  you ca n't look at * just * sample size . 
  that alone does not contain enough information for a valid conclusion ( but is still related ) . 
  you have to actually analyse the data - calculate the [ p-value ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p-value ) , perform other statistical tests , etc ( depending on type of research of course ) . 
  oh much god so much this . 
  ladies and gentlemen , google code :, 
  / / check that google play services is available, 
  int resultcode = / / what, 
  googleplayservicesutil . 
  / / the, 
  isgoogleplayservicesavailable ( this ) ; / / hell, 
  / / if google play services is available, 
  if ( connectionresult.success = = resultcode ) {, 
  log.d ( `` location updates '' ,, 
  `` google play services is available . 
  return true ;, 
  you 'd think google engineers were actually capable of not writing abysmally bad code ... 
  he 's from london apparently . 
  he has that accent . 
  seen it above in the thread . 
  but then how could we be able to use horribly outdated c idioms everywhere ? 
  i will soon try to get my sister to use it . 
  my two laptops , desktop , and server , run ubuntu already . 
  who are the moonies ? 
  sorry non us citizen here, 
  uhh, 
  well ok, 
  projects like systemd are enabling us to have more and, 
  i mean when did you encounter an application that worked on one de , and not on another ? 
  you can have both choice and compatibility . 
  i like the fact that there are many de/distro projects exploring different alternatives . 
  hardware compatibility is honestly the biggest problem . 
  also , you ca n't stop people from trying out new paradigms . 
  i for one like unity * and * gnome shell and would use them over windows any time . 
  xfce just does n't cut it for me . 
  it does n't help me move faster , i do n't like how it looks nor the overall ui design - feels like windows 98 . 
  ah but ubuntu has that top menu bar , that basically makes it an os x clone !, 
  * - someone that has never used os x *, 
   i never signed in as a visitor , was never checked as being a student or not, 
  where does this happen ? 
  along with free healthcare , free education , and an overall much more supportive society . 
  so yeah , i 'd totally live there . 
   i bet they have hardly any money to buy anything they want . 
  yeah as we all know sweden is basically falling apart . 
  forget africa , save the poor swedes !, 
   they collect all those taxes then have to pay beurocratic expenses to redistribute it . 
  bureaucratic costs are not significant at all . 
  i live in a much more bureaucratic and inefficient country and it 's not significant here either . 
  the benefit of redistribution to society and economy definitely pays off . 
  military spending on the other hand is a great sink , as is bailing out corporations . 
   high taxes just creates more bearucracy in order to dish out all the taxes . 
  this is a myth . 
  bureaucracy is not a significant cost * at all * , and do you even have any evidence that the us is better than sweden in this regard ? 
   much better just to let the free market decide whats worthwhile and what is n't . 
  i value everyone 's wellbeing more than some rich people 's wealth . 
   good luck with that , it 's worked out well for the soviets , north koreans , cubans etc, 
  ok , if you 're equating all communists with dictators - is it ok to equate capitalists with fascists , nazis , pinochet et all ? 
  they were definitely popular among the rich elite . 
  also , north koreans are not communist , not even in name . 
  they follow juche . 
  wow, 
  please do n't stop posting . 
  it must be really frustrating for you guys , i mean when you believe everyone else is out there to get you , and people are just telling stories of great it is for them . . 
  fuck your logic and sources , stop ruining our racist circle jerks you dirty marxist !, 
  yes , you are technically correct . 
  rich people pay more taxes than the poor and you could call that unfair , or you could even say that all taxes are theft . 
  but it is obvious that their society is integrated in such a way that this benefits them overall . 
  how do you think that their rich people get highly-educated , stable and well developed students ? 
  do n't you think that access to such an economy is also a valuable asset to them ? 
  i 'd say it pays off in the long run , whether you were rich , or poor , it 's just better for the economy to have equality and social safety . 
   i 'd love to see an itemized tax bill at the end of the year to see where all my money went , dollar by dollar . 
  i absolutely agree with this , governments should be more accountable . 
  nah mostly businesses pay taxes , and rich people .
