  from what i 've gathered that concept is only ` inspired '' by the ct one - but i do n't know the extent of the differences . 
  if you have some resources that would shed some light on the subject - please tell me . 
  thank you , that was really informative . 
  i 'm not really on the level of being able to understand everything you 've said , since i worked more with the cs side of things , but i 'm very happy to learn more mathematics too . 
  by glancing over it , the second paper seems more digestible to me , so i 'll start by reading it - do you think that 's a good idea ? 
   clueless stemacist who thinks that philosophy = formal logics, 
  uhh , * runs and hides somewhere to contemplate *, 
  what about google ? 
  sorry but what 's the problem with collateral damage ? 
  i thought it was a regular term for unwanted destruction of non-military targets . 
  not a native speaker . 
   inevitably gets brigaded by white racists, 
  to people that think this is hyperbole or something like that - no , it is * literally * happening , / pol / , stromfront , and some racist subreddits really infiltrate popular subs and post racist shit . 
  so after a while racism gets accepted as the norm , anyone who challenges it gets downvoted to hell , and humanity loses . 
  this sub should be renamed to `` my misconceptions about technology and also microsoft marketing '', 
  itt : misinformed individuals who do n't know what [ hacker ] ( http://catb.org/esr/jargon/html/h/hacker.html ) means . 
  b-but corporate is freedom !!, 
  fuck you commie !, 
  i sure hope so because people need to stop whining about it . 
  [ hate speech and abuse , such noble causes . 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/1357/ ), 
  it can be done better though, 
   [ ... ] and gays moving into san francisco . 
  can someone expand on this ? 
  i 'm not from the us . 
  yeah , i knew about the association , but i 'm skeptical that the significant portion of the population actually * moved * there . 
  i was thinking that because of a more tolerant climate , they were merely more open about their identity . 
  ( not saying that they * did n't * move , of course . ), 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  well i doubt it because i 'm pretty sure you could n't get through that much education without knowing the o ( 1 ) and o ( log n ) methods of calculating fib numbers . 
  this is just math of course . 
  most competition coders do n't fit in to the silicon valley 's stereotypes from my experience . 
  but then again , the competition scene seems to be much more important in eastern europe , russia , and se asia than in us , who were always more project-minded ... 
  what is it with americans and their `` gaps '' ? 
  completely new to me . 
  are you not allowed to be unemployed , even if you did n't have financial problems ? 
  where 's my freedom to save up and do something for myself for two years without someone judging me for it ? 
  but it literally was a conspiracy , was n't it ? 
  i do n't get this , please explain, 
  that has nothing to do with gaps , but switching jobs . 
  hell i could probably remember it and i do n't have a phd in anything , it 's really simple . 
  if not it 's literally a google away . 
  if it 's gon na get called often that 's what you want to use . 
  the o ( log n ) implementation is the * real * academic circlejerk though , i 'm pretty sure that it would confuse a great deal of regular developers while first reading it :d although it 's nothing mathematically special , of course, 
  yeah when i heard about your work days ... 
  i wanted to kill myself . 
  i 'd never want , or * have to * , work over 40 hours a week . 
  and i 'm hoping it will get lower in our lifetimes . 
  but it 's been going upwards consistently in the past few hundred years ( ca n't be assed to source this , but just ask around ) . 
   and the fsf-approved so-called free distros contain software i am not allowed to copy, 
  please elaborate . 
   they also contain code i can not mix with other code on the same system to produce another program, 
  elaborate as well . 
  if this is about bsd-gpl problem , well , too bad , but it 's still free even though it has a constraint that you have to keep all derivatives free . 
   the political ideologues within your community have destroyed all credibility in climate science . 
  - random guy criticizing an entire scientific community, 
  wait a second when did legolas meet bilbo ? 
  wait you mean there are file types other then text ? 
  what esoteric system do you use ? 
  i bet you ca n't even grep your music for keys or lyrics !, 
  this is literally the worst subreddit in existence . 
  holy shit microsoft marketing and technical incapability go hand in hand . 
  pretty much in any democratic country in europe people do n't give a shit about their flags . 
  only nationalists ever put them out on non-sports related events . 
  in the us half the houses have them all the time , at least that 's what i saw on my few weeks there , and there is n't a negative political connotation . 
  you mean if our society was completely differently structured to repress men throughout all of history instead of women ? 
  well we ca n't know , can we , we could only speculate . 
  like , not tell the truth on the test ? 
  how sophisticated !, 
  hey , can you explain to me why do some women * want * to become deployed infantry ? 
  do you have to do it to move up in rank or something ? 
  it just seems like a completely inhospitable environment to women . 
  and i doubt it will change because the nature of warfare , military , and of course people . 
  what i mean is that there will never be a 50/50 or close split that would make it for a balanced situation , because most women will simply want no part in modern military , but even if there was - it would still be an environment that would be hard to adapt for women ( most of them ) . 
   terrible things happen to men, 
  yeah , we know that . 
  terrible things happen to women as well . 
  but we 're talking about the structure of the western civilian society that 99 % of us happens to live in . 
  it 's not some kind of contest where one side shouts `` rape ! '', 
  and the other responds with `` victims of war !, 
  '' , it 's a discussion where we try to improve our understanding of gender issues and how to fix them . 
  and a matter of fact is that our society has allowed men more freedom , power , wealth , choice , and responsibility for as long as it had existed . 
   suffocate in collapsed mineshafts, 
  women and children during the 18th and 19th centuries also worked in mine shafts under terrible conditions . 
  just like with many other forms of unbearable work , women had to do it as well . 
  for a source , read ( or watch ) germinal , it 's practically an account of zola 's first-person experiences at one of those terrible places . 
  or read up on anything at that time really , once industrialization started and the work paradigm shifted completely women were also expected to work hard . 
  well , that 's pretty much like saying `` i do n't believe in reality '' . 
  my hd 7790 barely works for 2d desktop stuff . 
  you can forget gaming with it . 
  6xxx cards are , however , supposed to work ok . 
  7970m is n't the same as hd 7790 i guess ? 
  also i 'm on ubuntu 14.04 . 
  could be that fresher distros with newer kernels have better performance . 
  i knew what i wanted by the age of 14 , and most of my friends early on into high school . 
  maybe a us/eu difference ? 
  ubuntu 14.04 uses the 3.13 kernel : /, 
  and i 'm just using everything as it came by default . 
  i 'm not compiling anything , because i just do n't really have time to bother with it . 
  ubuntu 14.10 will use the 13.16 kernel so i ca n't wait until it comes out .
