  not sure i understand, 
  although the usual terminology is [ juche ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/juche ) . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  i totally could have gotten the wrong impression from the internet . 
  i find this hard to believe , do you have research to back it up ? 
  besides , i do n't know of a single polygamous marriage , successful or otherwise , either irl or at all . 
  nor anyone who would want it ( marriage , not sexual fantasies ) . 
  i was joking when describing homosexuality . 
  love and rainbows , get it ? 
  i understand that pedophiles may not act upon their urges , but i 'm talking about the urges themselves . 
  they 're not positive . 
  they 're disorders . 
  anecdotal examples do n't count , and especially personal ones . 
  what does a polygamous relationship even mean to you ? 
  having a couple of fuck buddies ? 
  or an actual committed relationship with multiple individuals that are both invested materially and emotionally in each other . 
  i mean no offence , i 'd just like to know . 
  i 'm sure it can exist , but i do n't think it 's in human nature to be able to spend long times in such relationships . 
  i have that opinion because a ) i 've never heard of people express such needs b ) feelings such as jealousy , commitment , and others , are something that we 've evolved to support couple-based relationships , and they do n't adapt to other formats well . 
  this is a personal opinion and i might be totally proven wrong by science - so far i just have n't . 
  again , i 'm not advocating any form of discrimination , if there 's really something to be gained from it , if there 's a large portion of people who are being oppressed because they ca n't enter polygamous relationships , and it would make them happier if we changed the system - sure , whatever . 
  so far i just do n't see it as a pressing issue . 
  yes , that 's why i support regulation against public smoking , tax-based disincentives , and campaigns against smoking . 
  i do n't disagree ... 
  i 'm sure that being attracted to kids wo n't harm you per se , but the social implications and pressure definitely will . 
  whether or not that is a disorder is irrelevant . 
  i saw people commenting about how she deserved it because she cheated on him . 
  in most european languages , conjugation is accomplished with a simple suffix , for example the croatian form would simply be morphed to `` baracku obami '' ( dative case ) . 
  also , is n't this * declension * ? 
  conjugation is a process by which * verbs * are morphed depending in their person , at least in latin , german , and croatian . 
  i came, 
  that 's a general property of languages , not a specific process , i 'd say, 
  i have no id\u00c9a what that m\u00c6ns , b\u00dbt sure whatever , do go \u00d6n, 
  of course but it 's mostly women who are sexually oppressed . 
  especially in this context because men still hold the vast majority of wealth and power , have larger sex drives , and are usually the ones to actually use harems for their pleasure . 
   the social science literature i 've seen cuts the other way . 
  you do n't need outliers like flds to establish greater rates of marital discord from women and poorer outcomes for children . 
  what does this mean ? 
  both the terminology and the jargon you used , not an english speaker , moving so ca n't google, 
   so ... your argument is that it ca n't be successful , basically because you ca n't see yourself in that kind of relationship ? 
  i recommend [ professional android 4 development ] ( http://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/1118102274/ref=mp_s_a_1_1?qid=1407866412&amp;sr=8-1 ) . 
  but why ask a non-dev sub a dev question ? 
  you would definitely get a better answer there . 
  oh and since the move to android studio - you want to follow google guides on setting up your environment , since the change happened recently and all books are outdated in this respect . 
  so set up a basic environment and start coding - the book is relevant from that point on . 
  really gives a great description of how all the different components of the system fit in together - the kernel , drivers , apis , runtime/vm , etc. 
  oh that literally melted my imaginary vagina thank you ~ ~ < 3, 
  well i doubt you 'd see it on reddit though , we 're quite more conscious here . 
  but on news sites , especially local ones , there are literally no standards . 
  i do n't know what that means , but i 'll look it up . 
  i said `` moral '' because many argue not that governments are inefficient , but that they are immoral , i.e. 
  they steal and imprison people against their will . 
  i 'm not that well-versed in topology , but it is allegedly important for understanding category theory , which is closely connected to many new theoretical cs research . 
  he was in mereen ? 
  i must have missed that , please provide more info, 
   for such stemlords , they do n't know much in the way of statistics . 
  i do n't understand this new hate for people from stem fields . 
  it 's quite ironic coming from people who should be against such baseless generalisations and demonisation . 
  and i doubt many of those idiots even have stem degrees . 
  nor do i understand why everyone assumes they do . 
  if it 's because of unequal representation in the stem fields - then i assure you that it 's not because of us . 
  in my experience men there do n't actively discriminate women , and are quite more conscious about these issues than most - it 's the society as a whole that is the problem , and especially the education system . 
  i lower my tinfoil for you , kind ser, 
   it 's because they constantly talk about how all non-stem degrees are worthless, 
  but that 's true ^ lol ^ sorry ^ / s, 
  anyway i still think that it 's pretty stupid to blame stem people . 
  it 's not our fault that we get glorified , or even used as an excuse by these idiots . 
  i did n't even know that the whole mrm/rp thing existed before i came to reddit , and i definitely do n't have anything in common with them , as do none of my friends with similar interests . 
  stem such a broad term that a lot of reddit identifies with and attacking them accomplishes nothing at all . 
   try to avoid porn . 
  a lot of people keep saying this , but why exactly ? 
  i mean it 's degrading women but seems like a wholly pointless pursuit to actually try and get men to stop watching it . 
  everybody does , even the ones that tell you they do n't . 
  they do . 
  and i guarantee we do n't put that much thought to it , so i doubt it 's having an effect . 
   studies have shown that watching porn makes people more likely to view women as objects ( literally - during brain scans the part of your brain that processes objects will start lighting up when porn is shown ), 
  from your sentence i can only tell that studies have shown that men process porn the same way they process objects - *** not *** that it translates to real life . 
  i could just as well be processing animi girls or even other men i see in motion pictures as objects . 
  i 'm not telling you 're wrong , i believe you could totally be right , but i just ca n't tell if you 've interpreted the study wrong , or just did n't give the best example . 
  ok , then i think my critique was well-placed - they did n't show that because men view porn actresses as objects , they would view them differently . 
  i mean it sounds intuitive , but that 's not an assumption you can make in science . 
  these are still huge changes , which will not be in effect very soon , but become more accepted gradually . 
  and i must remind you that most of the world still lives pretty much quite shitty lives . 
  by the time no one has to work anymore - humans will simply no longer exist . 
  merging with robots , uploading our minds to computers , etc. 
  the american military has been able to control hardware with their minds for like more than a decade by now - they 're working on getting actual input into the brain now . 
  google computer-brain interfaces , they 're so cheap by now you can actually buy them . 
  do n't worry such jobs can be automated as well . 
  just think of the horrible future where you 're designing circuits for fun instead of to have something to eat !, 
  yes , but the point of the video is about automating mental labour - and you can not do that without ai . 
  sure regular programming jobs will still exist , but ai is where it 's at . 
  care to expand ? 
  do they even offer agi courses somewhere ? 
  yeah but we can just put a robot there inste - oh, 
  i agree with the bottom-up , practical approach . 
  however , i still believe that there will be increasing demand for agi , and that it will eventually develop because business software will need to do more and more diverse operations of various forms of data - essentially lead a business , understand natural language , communicate , etc. 
  i just ca n't enjoy that game . 
  looks good with very fluid controls , but it gets boring because you 're doing the same thing all of the time - smashing enemies . 
  i probably did n't get far enough , but i 've played much more creative games ... 
   are you saying that you believe the media one consumes has no influence on the way this person interacts with the world ?
