  i do n't . 
  i 'd really like it if the person whose blood i was feeding on did n't choose to kill me . 
  but if we 're talking in general , then no , i would have no right over that other person 's blood . 
  and if i was forced to have someone feed on my for 9 months , i 'd sure like to have a choice . 
   that 's a really bad example yet you keep plastering it everywhere . 
  lol i posted it twice . 
  and the second time i literally said i was just gon na quote myself . 
  i do n't see the problem because it 's a great analogy . 
   it 's as though you think women are just spontaneously pregnant without any forbearance or understanding of how it happened, 
  and often that 's what happens . 
  you chose to have unprotected sex , but how does that obligate you to give birth ? 
  i consider that a perfectly good response on grounds of consistency . 
  my aim was only to establish that the situations indeed were analogous . 
   i do n't think it obligates anyone to give birth at all . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  i fail to see where we disagree now, 
  no shit wait, 
   you have it built up in your mind that you were the only reason he got laid that night , which is bullshit . 
  this . 
  in fact i did n't even understand his story completely until i read this . 
  is that a thing in american dating culture ? 
  that friends are somehow there to stop their friends from getting laid ( referring to the girls here ) ? 
  wtf, 
  damn those are some thought out dating tactics lol, 
  but what about the radeon hd card ? 
   dealing with large code basis is challenging with any tools . 
  this is a meaningless relativization . 
  `` programming is hard '', 
  yeah , so is life . 
  but that 's irrelevant . 
  we 're comparing languages . 
  and some are simply better equipped for statically checking errors . 
   yes , the type checking available in ocaml , f # , and haskell is vastly better than what is available in java or c++ . 
  i 'm comparing python with static languages , that 's a whole other level . 
  their type systems are more expressive , but catch the same classes of errors . 
  that is still irrelevant . 
  the discussion is about python and c++ / static languages . 
  it would be great if you considered contributing to an existing project . 
  gnome uses those exact web technologies you mentioned , and i think they 're one of the most accepting projects to contribute to out there . 
   almost all our vegetables are gmo in some way or form , as agriculture modifies organisms to suit our needs . 
  i 'm not against gmos but *** holy shit is this dishonest and annoying . 
  no one is talking about selective breeding of fucking bannanas , monkeys can do that . 
  people are talking about invasive , new methods that actually let you directly manipulate the genome . 
  i immediately lose respect for people who use this type of rhetoric . 
  oh do n't worry , i get it , i 'm not mad at you but influential people who do that * while informed . 
  * for example , that `` i fucking love science '' page on facebook posted such stuff , with extreme levels of arrogance . 
   to me , gmos seem like the next logical step . 
  i 'm not arguing that , i 'm arguing on the meta-level of this debate , you can think of it as wanting the gmo side to be better at argumentation . 
  ok , sure , that 's totally legit , i just was n't sure . 
  i suggest just browsing wikipedia at first , to get your terminology straight . 
  try googling the terms ( and understanding them and the difference between them ) : window manager , compositor , login manager , x server , wayland , graphical shell , graphics driver . 
  branch on from there . 
   my plan is to download archlinux or a minimal debian ( still not sure which to go with though ) and install openbox . 
  then i 'll configure openbox to make it work like what i have in mind . 
  i have a feeling you should try to make the development as isolated as possible , and the changes as easy to apply to any system . 
  but do n't worry about this , focus on what is most important at first . 
   i 'll use gtk ( yet to investigate qt ) to build useful widgets on top of openbox . 
  does that sound like a plan ? 
  well , sort of , it really depends on what you want to do . 
  btw i totally support this head-first approach to projects , for me that 's the best way to learn . 
   i do n't get what you meant by '' it really depends on what you want to do . '', 
  that it depends on which parts of the whole de experience you 'd like to deal with . 
  gnome shell ( not the whole de ) , if i 'm not mistaken , is built entirely through javascript and css . 
  this means having some bindings for gtk elements , sure , but in the end you 're not really programming with gtk . 
  however , if you 're interested in creating the * applications * -- which is also included in the term `` desktop environment '' -- then sure gtk/qt are the way to go . 
  but why bother with openbox then ? 
  also , it depends on what you mean by `` widgets '' . 
  i would n't really call unity or gnome `` just widgets '' , they 're clearly more complex . 
  you 're not an introvert , you just do n't have a life . 
  indirection through digital communication helps even autists to communicate . 
  dude you misunderstood me , i was talking specifically to / u/civil _ defense , who basically said he does n't care about others * at all * , i just said that 's not about fb but his attitude in general . 
  of course there are legit reasons not to use it , i totally support you !, 
   i do n't give a shit what anyone else is doing , what they are up to , or if i can go out with them . 
  i do n't really see how the right/left divide applies anymore in this hypothetical future really . 
  if we remove labor , then what 's left for the left ( heh ) to really talk about ? 
  it 's not a matter of controlling the means of production , but really just giving up control to some intelligent benevolent system ( intelligent in the sense that it can function on its own and provide us what we need , not * sentient * ) . 
  where was that used exactly ? 
  no it 's much easier . 
  you have tools that generate lexers , parsers , and developed backends for many architectures . 
  you can arguably create a new language with no code at all ( not really but most important parts are made for you ) . 
   a animal rights organisation with links to the far-right . 
  what the fuck . 
   it 's not agreed on in the field whether the probabilistic nature of quantum is due to our lack of ability to be deterministic ( the probabilistic nature is not the underlying truth , but fundamentally an epistemological issue ) or whether the universe itself is probabilistic ( we are describing accurately the underlying truth ) . 
  it 's very much agreed upon that hidden variables theory is false, 
  i was quite terrified when i went to denver . 
  everything that 's not the centre was so low density it 's almost scary, 
  til this is legal in the us, 
  why do you guys have such shitty worker 's rights ? 
  damn, 
  but server side java is secure . 
  but server side java is secure . 
  yes , like anything else . 
  it 's definitely more secure , as a platform , than any unsafe language like c. 
  do you even know why java is considered ` insecure ' ? 
  hint : it 's not the platform 's fault . 
  it 's about putting it in a browser and executing random fucking code . 
  imagine you autoran binaries pages injected and then conclusing ' c is insecure ' . 
  but they 're not black what 's the issue / s, 
  how is smoking defined ? 
  pet bani buraz,
