  functional masterrace, 
  i 'm obviously kidding, 
   drunk croatians, 
  vodka buraz eheh ehhe : dd fcuk serbistan, 
  ... must 've been horrible, 
  but why is that not a valid argument ? 
  sure it 's not in formal logic , as it amounts to ad hominem , but in the real world it definitely has its uses to call out hypocritic behavior . 
  til a basic language feature ? 
  also you should not do that . 
  the scope of your i variable would then extend to the entire enclosing scope . 
  and for those other things , you should n't do them either . 
  just use existing language facilities , they work and they 're good solutions . 
  made by an ad company . 
  source : http://lifehacker.com/ad-blocking-extension-ghostery-actually-sells-data-to-a-514417864 . 
  see edit, 
  adblock edge is the only way . 
  also use firefox of you care about privacy . 
  how is decentralized ( worker ) planning any different than markets ? 
  wait , his solution for delays induced by hard decisions , was delayed because of hard decisions ? 
  talk about irony ... 
  what is the practical benefit to this kind of programming ? 
  does n't work for me at all . 
  - startpage as default search, 
  adding a ` ! g ` or ` ! yt ` bangs - and any others - just does a regular search ( on startpage ) . 
  sounds very interesting , is there something other than the linked presentation , which provides a more thorough introduction to the topic ? 
  i can follow that code ( hardly , new to scala ) , but some article or paper which has - you know - * text * , would be much more adequate . 
  i 'm especially interested in those heterogeneous lists . 
  what 's wrong with plain lists and tuples ? 
  do you ever need a tuple of arity  22 ? 
  and how are they connected to the first ~ 10 slides ( no time / point in reading more at the moment ) . 
  i personally hope for a ubuntu phone , especially since they 've cut the deal with amazon . 
  they 're 100 % free software and have much better technologies honestly ( ubuntu sdk , qml , unity , mir , click , so much great stuff coming soon from canonical ) . 
  actually the only product canonical shut off was ubuntu one . 
  all the others you 've mentioned are alive and well . 
  ubuntu edge was just testing the market - they now have oem deals and the phones are shipping in the following months . 
  the desktop 's been quiet because they 've been busy revolutionizing the whole linux desktop . 
  they 've developed so many new technologies , but they 're yet to integrate it all . 
  it will probably come together in their 15.10 release . 
  and it will truly be the most advanced os then . 
  app sandboxing , novel installation and update technologies , new display server which is really smooth , completely new ui ( still working on that ) , and something i would subjectively call the best developer tools for their os . 
  as for cloud , they 're focusing on developers and the enterprise , with maas , juju , and such products , which are also very much alive . 
  canonical had a very rough time indeed , but i think it will be their time to shine very soon . 
  maybe not in the same sense a privately held company would - but it will be great technologically . 
  or not at all . 
  it 's almost as if you ca n't really predict any of that . 
  definitely ... for me , the biggest problem is hardware support - specifically gpus - how do you get users if random cards just refuse to cooperate ? 
  but it 's circular , what sense does it make to support a platform without many users of your product ? 
  thankfully valve is breaking thatcircle . 
  prior art concerns patents , i 'm not so sure about names . 
  for a trademark you actually need to prove that your product is on the market and being used with that name - so that old game certainly wo n't make an issue . 
  but segregation makes no sense in chess . 
  in wrestling it does . 
  you 're telling me that as an adult jew you do n't yet control at least three large media corporations ? 
  have you been too busy undermining our society in other ways or do you just have trouble blending in ? 
  yeah , like all those kids working in factories are gon na be billionaires . 
  and poor kids totally have the same chances as kids who inherit millions . 
  i mean if it was such a problem you can just buy more money . 
  always love the look on their face when i say something like that . 
  like they ca n't even comprehend how someone would not be prejudiced towards others or have an irrational belief that the country they live in is inherently better . 
  but it 's a choice , just like dressing a certain way . 
  not something inherent that you ca n't change . 
  historical revisionism regarding software licensing . 
  i 'm not sure what i 'm supposed to feel right now . 
  the article you linked questions the merit of the entire free software and open source movement by attacking the gpl - based on a single case . 
  the gpl and gnu have been absolutely critical to ensuring our freedoms , and creating a context for a wider open source movement . 
  lol ok have a nice day, 
   basically nazis, 
   compatible with our values, 
  what he should 've been all respectful ? 
  i do n't think tom deserves any respect . 
  what exactly do you mean by `` high context '' ? 
   the us government seizes all native american land for profit purposes, 
  wait a second, 
  this sounds familiar, 
  lol what the fuck ? 
  the legalization caused an increase in demand . 
  that 's why human trafficking increased . 
  and in sweden it decreased after criminalization . 
  do you think that a girl that got essentially kidnapped , had her passport stolen , and is trafficked into another country for sex slavery - made a choice ? 
  because there is a positive correlation between human trafficking and legalization of prostitution , and a negative one with criminalization . 
  sweden seems to have the best model - decriminalize selling and criminalize buying . 
  that drives the supply she demand down , and still helps the prostitutes . 
  those evil trafficked women with no other choice , out there again to exploit wealthy men who just want to have a good time and fund some more crime , exploitation , and trafficking !, 
  ~ totally objective analysis of the situation without any bias or traces of misogyny, 
  sure man whatever you say . 
  have a nice day !, 
  i do n't know how better to phrase this , but importing slaves into germany is much more germany 's problem . 
  they 're driving the demand and the people are being exploited on their land . 
  if they can help the prostitutes they should . 
  i also check his blog every now and then , only to be disappointed :(, 
  the best he 's written were his first 10 posts where he lays out the core ideas he then builds upon . 
  then , specifically , the article in which he critiques feminism , and the article in which he reflects upon suicide and the american society - but it 's mostly about authority and advertising ( forgot the titles ) . 
  so basically you 're flooding the market with absolutely worthless trash * you did n't even make yourself * and making profit off of it . 
  / r/enterpreneur material indeed . 
  i already have all of that . 
  my future is probably having a decent pay and working way too hard for someone who put in way less effort . 
  the game is such that you 'll end up like that no matter how hard you try . 
  you have to do something else to actually become wealthy . 
  and that ` something else ' seems to be a combination of inheritance ( have none ) , luck ( meaning low chance of success ) , and investing ( for which i need the first two ) . 
  i know it was a futile question on my part i was just wondering about his story .
