  that 's what their owners want - not only profit , but cool shit ( thanks gaben ) . 
  probably would n't , but ctrl + ] would , which is what most people remap esc to . 
  but it sucks either way, 
  sergey brin and larry page own the majority of google . 
  that 's why they have so much freedom to do stuff and experiment . 
  besides , freedom is not a binary thing . 
  i 'm sure there are many companies trying out crazy stuff . 
  but as soon as you 're successful , shareholders are at your back and decisions get made based on how much money they bring in for that quarter . 
  because taking a risk and getting yourself on a list is definitely more convenient than just saying ` no ' . 
  oh man i remember when i was starting out . 
  i 'd have a 2000 line long file simply because once i 've learned how to split up code into multiple files - it was already too coupled to do so ... 
  so i just continued editing that one file ... 
  you can learn so much from your shitty mistakes as a beginner ... 
  whoops , had my keys mixed up there , 
  i was n't on a pc to check , so i assumed it was ] because corners are easier to hit , but apparently i was wrong . 
  not american , please explain . 
  did bush cheat ? 
  that seems too big to be true . 
  not necessarily but it is not in your interest . 
  i 'm absolutely certain this would have unexpected and unwanted effects on the legal side of the situation . 
   there is no money is socialism . 
  for work , people would probably get some kind of labour voucher with which they can get food , household items , books , etc. 
  what 's the difference between such a voucher and money ? 
  could n't i hire people with it , because they needed more of the good it would buy ? 
  essentially - how is it not capital ? 
  you violently knock yourself unconscious on purpose ? 
  * what in the actual fuck ? 
  * who does that shit ? 
   the advantage to them is the multi-millions in savings . 
  savings ? 
  what savings ? 
  i do n't understand this at all . 
   a guy named nietzsche, 
  i seriously hope you 're saying this in a joking manner . 
  surely you must know who nietzsche was ? 
  `` my misconceptions about programming languages presented as unfunny , unoriginal mischaracterizations . '', 
  indeed , i 've misunderstood it to concern marketing in general, 
  ** edit : ** damn it completely wrong post, 
  i 'm usually satisfied i have no idea who these people are , except in moments like these - not knowing them kinda makes these leaks worthless because they 're just slightly above average - and the internet is full of such ... 
  i consider the majority of all armed forces and military hardware on the planet to be quite a strong backing . 
  dumb neckbeards outdumbing each other - well not so much . 
  because privately owned media empires do such a great job at being objective and not distorting the truth . 
  if you actually believe that , you 're delusional . 
  taking drugs , no . 
  selling large quantities of it - * not marijuana , but the heavy ones * - is another story . 
  that 's pretty much around the standard price in most of europe as well . 
  sure , go watch fox news or some rupert murdoch owned station . 
  they 're definitely telling you the truth , working in your interest , and not constantly pushing a political agenda . 
  i bet you think the daily mail is a good source of news as well . 
  `` profit motive '' my ass - unaccountable propaganda machine is a much more accurate title . 
  they 're not profiting from the news they 're profiting from deceiving the population . 
  that 's the entire reason they exist . 
  the bbc is one of the most reputable and objective mass media sources out there , and one silly programme can not change that . 
  i 'd much rather have taxpayer funded media that does not have to be profitable and push the elites ' agenda . 
  could you add a section for open source business models ? 
  are the countries croatia and serbia and is the game league of legends or something similar ? 
  additionally , could you link to your page as a reply to my comment ? 
  here in croatia it 's around $ 3.5 , and i 'd wager that in the rest of balkan it 's even less expensive . 
  and we 're not eastern europe exactly . 
  can somebody explain to me the point of consciously participating in this obvious propaganda and strawmen arguments ? 
  i can see literally zero honest or even true political representations of ideas , people , or movements in those comics . 
  i do n't find it very intellectually stimulating . 
  i have never read something more dishonest in my life . 
  i do not know the inner workings of the cia and media empires as you seem to , so i have to consider only what i can see - which is blatant and dangerous , 24/7 propaganda , in the favor of the rich elites . 
  thank god labour has a lot of bargaining power and we are n't demonizing worker 's rights or associations . 
  i ca n't really agree with this . 
  work is a voluntary contract , the worker agreed to be compensated a specific amount for his time . 
  nothing stops him from refusing an unfair contract . 
  thank you for clarifying !, 
  could you please elaborate on what this oppression is exactly , though ? 
  at the moment it seems like a manifestation of a basic economic fact - that we people , with unlimited wants , live in a world with limited resources . 
  thanks , noted . 
  however all of my replies came because i needed something clarified - even if they seem like counter-arguments . 
  i do n't think everyone can be a biomedical engineer . 
  for some people , grunt work is their only option at a certain point in their lives - this is independent of political system . 
  edit : misread title, 
  this is a disingenuous stance to take . 
  these racists are posting the facts - but their conclusions and implications are not supported by them . 
  `` blacks are incarcerated more frequently therefore masterrace '' ** is not science - but racism . 
  there are many variables and explanations * other * than skin pigmentation to account for these statistics - but it 's much easier to just circlejerk over political correctness all the times . 
  as an atheist and member of the scientific community , i assure you that most of us despise racism even more than other people because they misuse scientific data and statistics to mislead and spread their propaganda . 
   try raising them to speak right , dress right, 
  this is completely ridiculous , , subjective , and ignorant . 
  yes , i missed the `` to '' , so i was confused , thanks, 
  yes , absolutely . 
  for example : did you know that there 's a disproportionate number of jewish people in american media ? 
  clearly that implies that they dominate the world , have to be exterminated , and also you should support my ideology !, 
  can someone eli5 me on this ? 
   just do n't tell her , yet . 
  why delay ? 
   wait , have you seen the emails people send him ? 
  ... and participated in creating them ... oh / v / ... 
  hi , i do n't know anything about philosophy , but are the monads you are referencing related to the mathematical/computer science concept ? 
  to me it always seemed like an arbitrary name . 
  ok , that makes sense , thanks . 
  i 'll try to read more about it myself . 
  ( however , as a side note , cs monads are n't limited to wrapping just one value - for example , functions and lists are monads . ), 
  that really fucking sucks . 
  thanks . 
  i have n't covered category theory to know about monads , i only know about them from practical use with scala and haskell .
