  ok , it 's just that i think the op would accept my definition of pain if he did n't have trouble actually differentiating it from related concepts ( particularly expression ) . 
   who cares if i 'm serious about these questions ? 
  i might be expressing my convictions or playing devil 's advocate in these comments , but it does n't change the fact that there we have some concerns . 
  and if they 're silly , nonsensical , or confused , then you should be able to address them fairly easily . 
  i care because i care about the conversation , this subreddit , and the overall reputation for philosophical discussions . 
  i have nothing against playing the devil 's advocate - i do it often myself - but the problem here is with the content of the questions which i 've already explained . 
   yet the issue raised has n't been dealt with . 
  the question is how , if we equate any and all pain with physiological and neurological processes , i can be sure that when i scrape my knee or slice my finger that i am indeed in pain . 
   my physiological and neurological processes are n't apparent from ordinary experience . 
  i ca n't check on them to verify that i 'm in pain . 
  and yet if i twist my ankle i 'm going to tell you under no uncertain terms that it hurts . 
  on what grounds can i say this ? 
  how can i be sure that what i 'm calling pain is n't something entirely different from the observed events we 're using in the definition ? 
  i believe i have adequately addressed the issue already . 
  the experience of pain is a neurological process , your perception and postprocessing of it - yet another . 
  if you had the equipment , you could indeed check to see what is actually happening in your brain . 
  but thankfully you * do n't have to * in order to experience it . 
  yeah , there 's a big difference between classy escorts ( minority ) and regular prostitutes ( majority ) . 
  do n't think it 's actually good . 
  not at all ? 
  it 's way more specific and correct than ` normal dieticians ' or whatever alternative . 
  actually one of the core tenets of philosophy of science really is that `` nothing is sacred '' . 
  god is a scientifically invalid hypothesis because it is n't falsifiable . 
  of course , as a person , you can choose not to behave rationally , but those looking to promote science should also promote critical thinking which is at odds with religion . 
  well because vegetarians are non, 
  - vegans too . 
  i had no idea about that connotation i thought it was just a regular term - obviously not a native speaker here . 
  yeah omnivore seems better . 
  any critical examination of one 's faith results in the conclusion that the faith is unjustified and completely culturally conditioned . 
  as different cultures can be observed worshiping mutually exclusive deities , it becomes even more apparent that * belief * itself can no longer be used to justify belief . 
  it might bring some emotional reassurance but surely it is n't rational , and i 'd argue it 's usually better to confront one 's problems which is a discouraged practice among most religions ( prescribing agency and moral judgment to some external deity ) . 
  science per se can not reason about god . 
  science alone is not an actual entity . 
  * scientific concepts * can be used in forming a belief - and a person who prefers critical thinking and science is likely to arrive at the conclusion that there is no real reason to follow any religion . 
  no i was honestly confused . 
  i never heard of that word either . 
  i love meat . 
  i just thought it was a better way of identifying meat eaters , but now i see it 's problematic . 
  omnivores is better !, 
  yes yes i 've realized, 
  religion is not about exploring meaning , it 's about escaping tough questions ( personal ) , power , and a feeling of security ( organized ) . 
  just because it claims to impose ` meaning ' - does n't mean it 's actually a positive influence intellectually . 
  religion as a system of belief is at odds with science because it was either already falsified , or escapes falsification , which is an important criteria . 
  serbia and that thing are basically on two different sides of the world and have literally nothing in common . 
  c made a lot of sense when i was learning it . 
  i did n't know all the quirks but when i compare it to python it 's easier to comprehend how c relates to the actual computer . 
  citations for fucking what ? 
  using logic ? 
  you can reply with that to any fucking comment but it does n't contribute to the discussion at all . 
  point out what part of their reasoning you disagree with and then ask for sources . 
  men are different from other men too . 
  that 's a meaningless observation unless you actually explain what you mean by it . 
  edit : why the hell is this getting downvoted ? 
  mein kampf and many hitler 's / nazi texts that indicate genocidal tendencies were published before he was ` elected ' . 
  and any historian will tell you that the nazis had no sound economic long-term planning . 
   well to be fair , hitler was n't elected on the platform of `` genocide everyone '' . 
  yes he was . 
  it was clearly noted in his texts that this was his goal . 
  quite a troubling fact for today 's historians . 
   and he did take germany from poverty to a world super power ( again ) in an impressive amount of time . 
  so it would seem his economic policies were likely sound . 
  yeah if you pump so much into industry you will see short term growth . 
  writing off their debt ( how ironic ! ), 
  sure did help as well . 
  hitler had no sound long-term economic policies . 
  i did n't predict a single thing , i just said that calling a short-turn boost some kind of an economic miracle that can be attributed to hitler is completely misguided . 
  yep , that 's a fact , not a prediction . 
  countless other unpredictable things could 've happened * despite * their bad policies . 
   and , no , you did not say that attributing things to hitler is misguided . 
  saying that the economic boost was short-term and due to excessive spending in a single industry with lack of long-term policies sort of implies that hitler was n't an economic genius he was pumped up to be in the uninformed post i was replying to . 
  i 'm sorry but if you did n't see that you might want to check your reading comprehension . 
  also the amount of aggression in your posts points to several psychophysiological issues you also might want checked before a stroke occurs , just sayin ' . 
  i can use an ad hominem and still have better argumentation . 
  but i did n't even use an ad hominem . 
  i was serious . 
  getting so defensive and aggressive in a random online discussion is ** bad for you . 
  other than that , i ca n't really do anything but repeat myself : i have made no predictions . 
  i just judged actual facts . 
  germany may have as well continued to rise but it would n't be because nazi 's economic policy as it was at the time . 
  saying that they had no long term plans and that the boost was superficial ** is not a prediction of future performance , but judgment of current policy . 
  the community hanging around the c++ tag is the worst combination of very competent but extremely rude and aggressive . 
   hungry game, 
  edit : why is this getting so many upvotes ? 
  are you retarded ? 
  pls no, 
  eidt 2 : i literally copied what the other guy said . 
  you 're inane . 
  how do n't they have monopolies ? 
  google has a search engine monopoly and facebook owns several of the most valuable social networks . 
  because he presented a well-informed and well-argued opinion ? 
  musk is definitely special but looking at things at large - tyson is right . 
  musk 's company would be nowhere without government incentives and contracts to begin with . 
  hilarious , dying , irrelevant . 
  at least on this sub i expected people to look at actual revenues of companies and not their ability to market themselves . 
  google has global monopoly on the search business because they 're the best and managed to differentiate themselves early on . 
  no i mean the most important one controlling the market and taking the pie without serious competition . 
  case in point : one of those `` alternatives '' gets its best results from google , and the other two are actually the same ( yh uses bing ) . 
  none of them have significant profits . 
  they are flies compared to google . 
  also i use startpage , fyi ( which , guess what , just anonymizes google ) .
