  if you have some handy guide on how to replace such system components , i 'd be glad , but i do n't really want to start experimenting since it * works * ( just badly ) , and will probably start working better soon . 
  / r/hailcorporate, 
  personally i hate working in that environment because everybody encourages horrible oop practices . 
  it 's basically killing my brain . 
  somethingsomethingenterprisefactorybeanfactory is not how you 're supposed to do programming . 
  solutions like dependency injections that require 3gb of obscure frameworks no one really understands indicate that something is wrong . 
  the libraries , the community - everything , is headed in the wrong way . 
  you should be turning to writing more functional code , and thankfully , that is happening even with java . 
  i think you can thank scala . 
  hopefully the world wakes up from the disaster that is oop . 
  abstraction , encapsulation , contracts , srp - and all the good stuff ** has nothing to do with actual oop ** , it was invented long before it , they 're just general principles that any code can follow . 
  hierarchies and inheritance are plain evil though , and encouragement of mutable state just invites bugs to your front door . 
  this is a very powerful and emotional video , but you have to think about practicality . 
  if i was eating out with my family and someone came to our table asking for food , i 'd probably dismiss them too , because like i 'm with my family and you should n't really bother me . 
  but if someone asked for my burger or to buy them stuff at mcdonalds of course i 'd do it . 
  if they were obviously hungry/hurt i 'd do more . 
   many places wo n't even ask you any questions or no more than one question . 
  yeah but their interviews usually include coding which is basically the same as answering these questions , is n't it ? 
  statism is n't a thing though . 
  i am not an anarchist but i 'm also annoyed by bad laws . 
  `` statism '' is just a rhetorical attack , an accusation , that provides no further insight into someone 's positions other than `` he 's not an anarchist '' . 
  there is not an actual movement of people who identify as ` statists ' . 
  you ca n't say they advocate for anything because you 've made them up . 
  your statement translates to : `` all people who disagree with me on the issue of whether a state should exist or not advocate for cumbersome bureaucracy '' - which is laughably dishonest . 
  why ? 
  because most people active in politics do n't base their position solely on the size of the state . 
  for example , i usually evaluate actual benefits of some decision and make up my mind according to that - i do n't have an overarching principle or opinion on the concept of a state itself . 
  you could n't call me a statist because i advocate environmentally friendly policies in my country . 
  i care about the * environment * , not about removing or preserving the state . 
  we have a secularist movement , people who want to break our connection with vatican at the moment - would you call * them * statists because they 're mostly not anarchists ? 
  no , you would n't , because it 's completely meaningless and irrelevant . 
  just like in this example : i 'm not an anarchist and i think this law is ridiculous . 
  it 's an example of * bad law * , not some fundamental principle that proves that government is the root of all evil . 
  exactly , it 's extremely divisive , and offputting to me as a lurker . 
   i will call you a statist if you want a state to enforce them . 
  yeah , sure , and you 'd technically be right : i am not an anarchist . 
  but you could n't ascribe much more to me either . 
  you could n't , for example , call me a supporter of a bureaucracy and bad legislature ( well , you could , of course , but only after expanding on some specific points ) . 
  i was protesting the fact that the person i was responding to was using ` statis ' as an insult for a specific group of people - which , i believe , is just a meaningless political attack that attempts to bundle people with completely different views into a single basket and color them negatively . 
  really depends on the situation . 
  i definitely would n't want someone to starve or go on being hungry . 
  the more i think about it , the more i see that the right thing to do is just what you suggested ... 
  please elaborate, 
  ( i know what those two things are , but i have trouble relating them to the contents of that image . 
  i 'm also not american and had to google what fda was , so please be considerate . ), 
  oh , i thought you were making some deep analogy and just stood there , staring at it , wondering what the hell was i reading :d, 
  in either case , what do you mean by ` pure ' xfce ? 
  xfce is an environment , it needs a system to sit on top of , be it debian , ubuntu , or archlinux . 
  after you take it out of the picture , you 're actually comparing the distributions - you 're saying that ubuntu is not as light as some alternatives . 
  damn , did n't notice you were a different guy , sorry, 
  aw man you sure showed me, 
  or , i do n't have an opinion . 
  how would the halting problem stop you from automating code ? 
   you do n't know if your code is going to produce results, 
  yeah , but a formal proof of correctness is not even used in academic circles not directly related to that specific problem as far as i can tell . 
  tonnes of important software has bugs . 
  being perfect was never a requirement . 
  as far as i care - * code * is not even the thing that has to be automated , simply achieving some form of artificial general intelligence would be enough to manage 90 % of the tasks people use custom software for these days . 
  essentially , code is not what needs to be automated , but solutions to abstract problems of management . 
  programming languages were made by humans for humans , artificial general intelligence would solve the * underlaying need * for most code . 
  my [ reply ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/programmerhumor/comments/2gce3w/year_2025/cki7eu2 ) would apply here as well . 
  i do n't think formal correctness is a requirement anywhere , except when you 're researching formal correctness . 
  coding itself is a human-made construct for automating tasks , but if you were to create some artificial intelligence you would n't even need code because it could handle 90 % of the tasks people use code for . 
  pretty sure he meant humans that are creating the programs . 
  essentially he is pointing our that both humans and an artificial intelligence can not prove their programs do not halt . 
  people who are doing amas are not writing their answers , someone else is usually doing it for them . 
  the gifs do n't loop which makes actually visualizing these algorithms quite inconvenient . 
  personally i do n't think there 's something special about human intelligence that would prevent us from copying it to a machine . 
  no one can know this , of course , i just have no indication to believe otherwise and would consider it to be a natural progression of things . 
  do you have some links ? 
   she was watching racist tv shows on otc, 
  after googling it those seem to be hackers characters , when are they watching anything racist in that movie ? 
  i suggest you watch this video : http://youtu.be/-mho86f_rdq . 
  by saying that men are unlikely to understand women 's issues you 're alienating them instead of educating them , which is what you should be doing . 
  also , the problems we all experience are often unique and full understanding is not always required for compassion . 
  i 'm arguing two things , in fact :, 
  a computer can be used to design a large percentage of software systems usually handled by humans , because neither the computer nor the human programmers have a requirement for a formal proof a correctness . 
  they will both be wrong sometimes . 
  by the time we could do something like that , i believe we would also be able to emulate human intelligence - and also remove the * need * for a lot of software written today ( because a super-fast intelligent computer could sift thorough all the records , determine what has to be done , and use formally correct software primitives - maybe just an rdbms - to achieve this ) . 
  of course , all of what i 'm saying is just wild speculation , and i could also be making fundamental errors ... 
  sounds fun where do i enlist, 
  how is that remotely related to anything he said ? 
  what the fuck is this, 
  am i the only one who for whom the video is silent in the first 20 minutes ( while that logo is displayed ) ? 
  i only start hearing anything when they switch to the actual video . 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  recepie for success : make something that expresses fundamentally simple views that anyone can identify with , and then mask it into something controversial yet shallow , so that it does n't require any intellectual effort to understand and only has an intellectual appearance . 
  thanks for the explanation, 
  `` just following orders '' is not a valid defense . 
  you still committed those crimes . 
  if you allowed for that then anyone could interpret any orders however they want and technically everyone has responsibilities . 
  people who commit crimes have to be tried . 
  it 's that simple . 
  wait no one here is commenting on the noble cause of fighting for freedom that all of these people have committed to more than anyone here combined - but everybody is quick to kneejerk about mentioning ` state ' in the speech ? 
  you might want to cool it down a bit on the aggressive ideology it 's not very good for your common sense it would appear . 
  i suggest you study western philosophy a bit . 
  i assure you that there 's been a debate about what you can and can not know that 's been going on for thousands of years , since the first greeks started describing nature instead of making up myths . 
  you 'd probably be most interested in descartes and hume . 
  generally i agree with you , but i just want to let you know that a lot of people have spent a lot of effort in thinking about these things , and it might be very illuminating to research it . 
  i 'm sure there 's a sub for it on reddit , like / r/askphilosphy , that would be glad to help you .
