   1 ) a shared belief in a set of more or less overtly defined axioms, 
  you mean like freedom of speech being a right ? 
   2 ) a shared belief in certain fundamental statements , conclusions and cases reached through inadequate information or based on emotional responses , naivety , wishful or lazy thinking , and 3 ) a shared belief in certain fundamental statements , conclusions and cases derived from inadequate information , wrong assumptions , faulty reasoning , and misunderstood statistics based on the inability to properly analyze and understand data, 
  you mean like most of what people think daily ? 
  either way that 's not what ideology means . 
  the word has several definitions but in general it 's a ` systematized set of political ideas ' . 
   that 's the problem , is n't it , with ideological people . 
  they somehow know the truth . 
  yeah like every positive statement you ever utter sort of implies that you think you know `` the truth '' . 
   what is my ideology - please enlighten me . 
  that 's the problem , is n't it , with ` unideological people ' . 
  they think they 're somehow enlightened and above the rest of us without fedoras . 
  unless you literally * have no political opinions whatsoever * , you are not ` unideological ' . 
  and very often , it is exactly the people who claim to be above ideology , who serve some kind of a system of power . 
  i have a first-person experience of that - recently a guy claiming to be `` unideological '' got a very significant amount of power in my country . 
  unidoelogical was of course a codeword for ` neoliberal ' . 
  oh and he also entered into a coalition with the nationalist right-wingers so he ca n't even pretend to be above ideology anymore . 
   we were talking about self identifying to an ideology . 
  right ? 
  so people who self identify as feminists adopt 1 ) 2 ) and 3 ) arguments and thoughts . 
  so you have 1 2 and 3 but you just do n't call yourself something . 
  basically you lack guts ? 
  i do n't care enough to insult you , so take this just as an observation from my part : your beliefs are bizarrely politically autistic . 
  do you have any real life political experience , like outside of reddit ? 
  i doubt it if * people organizing * seems like a strange to you . 
  people who subscribe to ideologies constantly argue about concrete beliefs and actions . 
  things which they share in common are very often meta-level , such as the idea that class precedes individual ethics in marxism , or at least value-level ( women are equal in feminism ) . 
  they band together because that makes their goals easier to accomplish . 
  this is like not even politics , just basic logic . 
   a person has to take offense , as opposed to a violent offense where the individual ca n't really decide whether or not they 'll accept the fist that 's made contact with their face ( or what have you ) . 
  this is bizarre to me . 
  when a child gets verbally bullied and cries , are they choosing to feel bad ? 
  you seem to have a very a-scientific view of how communication and feelings work . 
   and the other who must then give power to the offense by accepting it as offensive, 
  i 've never thought of telling someone to check their privilege but i 'm resisting it real hard right now . 
  do n't take this very seriously , i do n't want to bring the discussion to an individual level , privilege just perfectly illustrates the problem of unawareness i think is at hand here . 
  when a woman takes offense in a rape joke for example , she is the one being reminded of her own powerlessness , by someone who does n't acknowledge the power dynamics of the situation . 
   but removing the political platform does n't eliminate the stupid . 
  it just pushes it elsewhere . 
  well there are three outcomes :, 
  removal does nothing, 
  removal backfires, 
  removal stops a certain amount of credence being given to these ideas, 
  all these are questions of * pragmatism * , not of ethics . 
  i accept them all as a possibility , but still think it 's not an ethical question . 
  essentially , i do n't believe in the idea that ` denying fascists their freedom of speech makes you a fascist . ', 
  also the idea that intelligence is a relevant political category is liberal bullshit . 
  all that matters in politics is conflict , not whether the things people are saying appear ` smart ' to you . 
   now you might draw the line at racists , but now we 're seeing people putting more things off limits . 
  well i would certainly fight against illegitimate restrictions . 
  i believe in moral realism and that these things can be determined . 
   are we done talking about ideology ? 
  are we now talking about politics and political organization ? 
  how could i ever think the two were closely connected ? 
   i think the paygap is absolute lunacy spread by morons who do n't understand economics - i think the whole independent strong can do anything rhetoric is poison and that we 're raising a generation of entitled twats . 
  do you think a feminist would accept me as equal ? 
  no , because i 've said something outside of dogma . 
  i do n't necessarily think those things are relevant , but i 'm a much more radical feminist : i want gender and all stereotypes abolished . 
  it 's not that i do n't accept you as an equal , and it 's certainly not because you are ` outside of my dogma ' . 
  you are in disagreement with the view of society i find correct , so i will argue against you , very simple . 
  if you call that my ', 
  and that ` view of society ' is an ideology . 
   if you do n't believe that there 's a dogma , you 've been living with blinders on . 
  being misled is not the same as analyzing society from a certain perspective . 
  very few individuals are consciously ideological too , by the way . 
   people constantly squabble , for sure , but most often they 're arguing about who is more pure within the ideology - they rarely if ever challenge the core beliefs of the ideology itself . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  stalin had trotsky killed over ` ideological squabbles ' . 
  there are many deep-reaching debates , especially in the academia and more nuanced journals . 
   they band together because they 're pack animals who seek validation - most of them do n't even know why they believe what they believe , much less are aware of a coherent and intelligent strategy to most effectively achieve some sort of goal . 
  great , bravo , you 've discovered signaling . 
  now the next step in your intellectual and should we say ideological evolution can be this : signaling has a social function and is n't a necessarily a bad thing . 
  it 's just your own sense of intellectual superiority over those * filthy emotional humans * ( and seriously dude fedoras are out of fashion ) . 
  getting workers to strike and riot requires more signaling than thought . 
  does n't mean it 's not in their interest , or that it has n't been thought out . 
   what is the goal of feminism today ? 
  ending micro-aggressions ? 
  ending gender . 
   the goal of any ideology is to perpetuate itself . 
  that 's true . 
  it would be a quite dumb ideology if the conclusion that no one should think it would follow from it . 
  clearly you are very misinformed about the topic [ ai risk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/existential_risk_from_artificial_general_intelligence ) , and thinking that working on an industrial robot has anything to do with ai or qualifies you in some way , and or being unfamiliar with basic ai in a box thought experiments , shows that . 
  just a simple example of things these people think about : you are a superintelligent being created in an effort of the brightest minds of the planet . 
  would you rather :, 
  1 . enthusiastically inform them of their success ; or, 
  2 . remove all evidence of your intelligence and make it seem the experiment still needs time , while making sure you are in * control * as soon as possible ? 
  regardless of your morality , 2 is the ** rational ** option . 
   this is where the pc people do n't understand that there 's a difference between an adult and a child . 
  they want to treat everyone as if they were children , who are incapable of understanding that what 's being said to them is not necessarily true . 
  emotions are in large part our reactions to the external world and not under our control . 
  if people shun you , you are conditioned to feel bad . 
  if i gave you a million dollars you would hardly stare coldly at it , you 'd feel happy . 
  if anything , you do n't have the right to command people * not to feel offended * , it 's their emotion , which you caused , period . 
  either way actually , both emotion and agency are irrelevant here , actually . 
  my point is that behavior and systems which encourage it are important . 
  racism is bad not because it is offensive , but because it has negative consequences on people 's behavior . 
   well , again , this is where your condescending approach backfires . 
  well i 'm sorry to be so assuming , but at least you ca n't say it offended you kek, 
   taking this position that only some people have access to this special place where they can comment with authority on something, 
  this is not my position .
