  `` white genocide '' and in general the majority in power crying how they are being oppressed by minorities -- all of these are signs of fascism . 
  these [ quotes by thomas frank ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_frank#politics ) really capture the zeitgeist in this case :, 
   to be a populist conservative is to be a fatalist ... where the liberal stranglehold on life can never be broken . 
  this is a curious set of beliefs for a coalition that quite literally rules american politics . 
   whereas liberals are thought to erupt self-righteously whenever they feel like it , conservatives believe that they themselves are never permitted to say what they really think . 
   psychotic people at least are internally consistent, 
  this is unrelated but are they ? 
  these coding games sit in an uncanny valley between play and productivity for me . 
  sure , the concept sounds awesome , but then i realize i could just as well spend my time actually studying robotics/ai/programming , i.e. 
  what made me like this in the first place . 
  still though i 'll give it a try . 
  ** this is not open source . 
  ** open source and free software describe the * same freedoms * , just with a different political angle . 
  remove any of those freedoms by adding restrictions and it 's *** neither open source nor free . 
  you can see the source code of some versions of windows . 
  that does not make it open source . 
  not in the slightest . 
  if it does not comply with * any * part of the [ open source definition ] ( https://opensource.org/osd-annotated ) , then it is not open source , period . 
   but the term was definitely used before that ( a relaibly dated example , more examples can be found in usenet archives , from as early as 1991 ) . 
  if roughly the same freedoms applied , would n't this be insignificant ? 
  i really do n't have the time to study that source , but if it 's also more restrictive than the osd , then you have a point !, 
   additionally , the term `` open source '' has long been used in the intelligence community to refer to `` public domain '' sources of intelligence , such as newspapers and magazines . 
  i do n't think this is relevant . 
  terms have different meanings over different disciplines . 
   it could be argued that the use of the term in reference to software is an extension/appropriation of the pre-existing meaning . 
  i 'm rather certain that open source is the most well-recognized non-technical term in the international it community . 
  and terms change meanings over time . 
  i could probably find you examples of words that * used to * mean different things in the past . 
  so using a meaning most people are unfamiliar with is dishonest -- and here we can clearly see that the expectation was that open source =  osd compliance . 
  username checks out . 
  aka poverty, 
  why does this seem to be attempted every once in a while but ** always ** ends up taken over by reactionaries ? 
  tip : adblock extensions usually also block these tracking widgets . 
  if your does n't , look for it in the settings !, 
  privacy is the primary reason i use adblock . 
  i used adblock as a general term, 
  username checks out, 
  what are life essences ? 
  is that an ssc reference ? 
  glad to see other leftists reading that blog . 
  its armchair sociology is of high quality but people who read it in general seem to be right-leaning , not to mention their fascination with internet reactionaries . 
  the state is merely a system for managing the common affairs of private interests . 
  there 's a symbiotic relationship : it 's them vs. us , not us and corporation vs. government . 
  a lot of people in this thread do n't seem to understand that the government and corporations and ** not opposing forces . 
  ** in fact , they have common interests , as states work to keep the capitalist status quo , against those who would change it for the better . 
  they both spy on us . 
  they both keep their position of power over us with the help of that information . 
  they share a symbiotic relationship . 
  oh well then that 's quite a coincidence . 
  ssc refers to [ slate star codex ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/ ) - one of the most popular blogs in the rationalist community , but with a high reputation outside of it as well . 
  i thought you referenced it when you said * moloch * , since that 's the theme of one of scott 's most infamous/popular posts : [ meditations on moloch ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2014/07/30/meditations-on-moloch/ ) . 
  i suppose you know that moloch was a deity who demanded child sacrifices . 
  scott explains how phenomena of varied types in our society - capitalism , media , gentrification , governance , arms races , etc etc - are systems which can be perfectly captured by that simple story ( child sacrifice ) , how they produce incentives to create a * race to the bottom * , or sacrifice of some sort ( sometimes , literal children , e.g. 
  when it comes to armies ) . 
  it 's also relevant to private and government surveillance , and i expected it to be quite well-known around / r/truereddit . 
  definitely recommended read , it starts off weird and is very long but you 'll get hooked if you get past the first few paragraphs . 
  and check out the rest of that blog !, 
   there are many problems that are inherent to the nature of complex technologies, 
  like what ? 
  extreme left policies ? 
  nationalized any larger industries lately ? 
  helped the workers take over the means of production ? 
  that 's extreme left . 
  is this anarcho-primitivism ? 
  anyway i disagree with pretty much everything :d of course , capitalists and states abuse technology , but i still view it as just a tool which is inherently morally neutral . 
  you analysis of division of labour = power is very interesting indeed . 
  however it 's a tradeoff i 'm not even considering not to take . 
  i consider technological progress to be one of the best processes ever , and i 'd trade your freedom for it even if it implied capitalism . 
  but i think it does n't , i still think we can organize in ways in which we are interdependent , but still much more free than we are today . 
  i see these as sociopolitical problems , unrelated to technology . 
   these are pretty strong critiques , and i think they have merit . 
  you can disagree , but i do n't think that necessarily makes them go away ... 
  this is kind of a pointless thing to say do n't you think ? 
  just state your arguments , there is no need to appeal to objective reality , i already take it as implied that you believe things you say are true ( unless you explicitly state insecurity ) . 
  otherwise this is just a nice way to say `` i 'm not charitable in my discussions and wo n't consider what you have to say '' - not that i think this of you , it just comes out that way . 
   so in your ideal socialist society then , how exactly does one get precious resources to continue building electronic devices without compelling the third world and indigenous people to turn them over ? 
  by socializing production we will be able to take in account the __ full __ cost of our activities . 
  this includes the environment . 
  heck that 's one of the primary reasons to do it . 
   i find it ironic that the places most abundant in resources generally happen to be places where the people would prefer to keep them in the ground . 
  in a theoretical fullcommunist society people would have no reason to keep them in the ground . 
  they would just extract them in a way that minimizes damage to the environment . 
   to me , those that expect modern living standards and also want `` full anarchy '' based on non-renewable energies are n't thinking things quite through in that regard . 
  i realize this is an anarchist sub but i 'm not an anarchist . 
  indigenous people have to be considered but i 'm not against using force in the case that the benefits outweigh the damages . 
  if it was proven that mining activity would permanently damage their society and poison everything then we would of course not be justified in doing that , but these situations are rare and can be ameliorated . 
  capitalists ca n't take anything not directly related to their profits in consideration . 
  we would . 
  but we also have to consider _ everyone 's _ benefit , not just the indigenous people 's . 
  are you aware that you 're on reddit, 
  i think it 's pretty disingenious to call the guardian reactionary , come the fuck on . 
  they 're probably the most to the left mainstream media outlet there is . 
  i 'm gon na have to claim ignorance here . 
  i 'm not british and i only follow them through facebook . 
  to me they seemed unbelievably left-wing : usually pro-feminist , anti-privatization , pro-labour , and so on . 
  for example , this article . 
  yeah it might not be fullcommunist but come on it 's a mainstream media outlet talking against neoliberalism , that 's as left as you can get in that space i 'm afraid . 
  and i do n't understand why are they against corbyn ? 
  i can see how it maybe serving some ideological function for capitalism , but i still would n't call that reactionary . 
  although i just might not be aware of the definition , i thought stormfront was reactionary , or breibart or something .
