  i picked up a completely opposite sentiment honestly . 
  he said explicitly that private corporations will make it useful and efficient - just that they have their limits . 
  that quote actually sounds more like an encouragement than spite , to me . 
  besides , even if he did have reservations about private enterprise , you can not deny his contributions to popularization of science , and science itself . 
  yeah well that 's just an aphorism . 
  not on the level of discussion tyson commends . 
  well that 's an ad hominem . 
  instead of concluding he is wrong because he seems like a `` blowhard '' to you - how about actually making an argument ? 
   but he just seems to be frustrated , if anything that it has taken this long for a spacex to come along . 
  this . 
  he 's not against it at all . 
  just pointing out limitations of private endeavor , but still encouraging it where it is the better option . 
  private space exploration , in his eyes , is just the next step forward . 
  i 'd like to believe you 're right , but spacex still has to think about profitability and budget much more than any government project , especially nasa . 
  yeah , like the privately created internet . 
  the web !, 
  nope again . 
  computers ? 
  mostly public research . 
  besides , your argument makes no sense . 
  i wear a privately produced shirt because i have no alternative - and that somehow implies that i ca n't criticize the private mode of production ? 
  how is that relevant to anything i said ? 
  you stated that they were hypocrites , i showed you that 1 . they 're not , 2 . they can not stop using capitalist products , besides 3 . hypocrisy while a character flaw , is essentially irrelevant to one 's arguments . 
  what do you mean by caffeine being effective ? 
  at regular caffeine stuff like making you more energetic and alert , or actual hypertrophy ? 
   you ... literally did use them . 
  look you can call forth all your snark and passive aggression , but that 's not an ad hominem . 
  my comments about your behavior were separate from the actual content of discussion . 
  attempting to claim that you are wrong because you 're being defensive and aggressive would be an ad hominem . 
  `` ad hominem '' is not the full name . 
  it 's * argumentum * ad hominem - * argument * from character - the implication being that an argument had to actually be attempted . 
   `` haha !, 
  see !!, 
  he did n't have anything ! '', 
  that 's precisely the opposite of my argumentation line . 
  he did have it . 
  a lot of it . 
  it 's called war industry . 
  it 's an extreme driver of short term economic activity . 
  but it does n't constitute long-term planning , existing policies , or anything that would justify calling him an economic genius . 
  you 're still hilarious and defensive though . 
  it 's almost like talking to a fifth grader or a 4chan poster . 
  did they really say that ? 
  actually you * do * have to bounce photons off something to look at it . 
  in the baseball example , the sun is doing it for you . 
  however were it dark - you 'd need to use a lamp yourself , thus changing the ball 's velocity . 
  what do you mean ? 
  why is that specific property important ? 
  * literally *, 
   loves nazis, 
   actually founded the most successful european resistance program, 
  tito was a croat and so were the majority of partisans, 
   heavily javascript influenced functional programming style java code, 
  that 's like ... three contradictions in a single sentence, 
  good luck if you manage to find space there , it 's usually extremely crowded, 
  that is awesome !, 
  i 'm not working on a game at the moment , but please make sure to submit this to linux-specific subs as well , you 'll surely get a lot of support for this move !, 
  definitely / r/linux , but try finding linux dev subs and linux game dev subs too . 
  [ it 's already there ] ( https://github.com/nodeos/nodeos ), 
  because they 're doctors , right ? 
  which have nothing to do with classes . 
  think of them as more flexible interfaces . 
  they specify some functionality ( and optionally implement it ) - and then you can specify what it means for a certain type to belong to a certain class ( i.e. 
  implement an interface ) . 
  for example you can create your own number type , and then make it work with many functions by implementing num , eq , ord , and such . 
  this sub is basically just people spouting bullshit they know nothing about . 
  no , it 's not . 
  jesus christ no one here has any idea what they 're taking about . 
  the fundamental difference and the thing i am mocking here is that we fully understand the internet - it 's a formally defined communication system . 
  no where in that formal definition is some sort of bridge that our consciences can cross to somehow make the internet conscious . 
  and do n't pretend all opinions are equally valid . 
  they 're not . 
  yours is on the level of some spiritual woo in this case . 
  ( i 'm not saying that about panpsychism , but about the logical leap from it to the conscious internet . 
  panpsychisn is basically the position you 'd take when you * do n't * understand a system enough - a system like nature - but the internet is understood and there 's no space for consciousness . ), 
   the brain is a formally defined communication network too , so i guess that 's not conscious either ? 
  can you link me the specification ? 
  there is n't one . 
  it 's not understood on almost all non-trivial levels . 
   consciousness , not consciences, 
  that was a typo , i 'm writing on a phone . 
   no offense , but it sounds like you do n't understand panpsychism at all . 
  it 's a very simple idea so i assure you that i do . 
   if you want to cry about spiritual woo present some valid arguments or move along . 
  no you see that 's not how it works . 
  the theist bears the burden of proof , not the atheist . 
  your belief in a conscious internet - without having an understanding of what consciousness is - is one form of theism . 
  however , unlike in religious theism - it 's very easy for me to prove you wrong - just point out that the internet is a well-defined artifical system that is n't conscious along any of it 's points . 
  if you want to claim that the wires , switches , and other hardware is conscious - * that * would be pantheism . 
  but ` the internet ' as a collection of networks defined by protocols is an abstract formal human-defined communication system that excludes consciousness . 
   marvel agents of shield references reddit at least once , as well as snowden . 
  is that a joke ? 
  if not , where can i see it ? 
  i 'm not an american redditor , if that was n't obvious , 
  but if i got it right , it did happen , and it 's some show with marvel characters which referenced reddit ? 
   would you have a world without need ? 
  a world without worry ? 
  that would be a world without progress . 
  yeah , that 's why rich people never make progress / s, 
  jesus christ of all the atrocities i 've seen on reddit you take the grand prize for ** sucking so unimaginably hard ** at discussing anything .
