  to call your peer a racist for considering a possibility of ai not having the same ethical principles as humans is ... something i did n't expect even on reddit . 
  calm the fuck down and accept the possibility that you just might not be fully informed on the topic . 
  you done ? 
  awesome . 
  the ` guy ' he 's mentioning is probably nick bostrom . 
  he 's a philosopher and mathematician from oxford , specializing in ai safety research . 
  i suggest you check him out , and also the machine intelligence research institute . 
  one of the most rudimentary misconceptions that you are so emotionally expressing is called the anthropomorphic bias - the belief that ai will hold the same values and principles as humans commonly do . 
  it 's completely unbased in reality . 
  that 's what the guy is trying to tell you . 
  ok i 'll just conclude you 're trolling at this point and continue on my merry way . 
  if you 're not trolling i can only hope you 'll research what i told you about . 
  directed and educated imagination ? 
  sure . 
  baseles conjecture ? 
  doubt it . 
  pretty much anyone with a nuanced political position is going to have those qualities . 
  many highly educated people i know are actually communists , for example , while people who do n't have higher education or higher cognitive abilities tend to have quite simplistic views of politics and economics . 
  then there 's the type who only seek identification . 
  many internet-libertarians fit this category , as do many communists . 
  it 's just that being able to discuss one 's position requires intelligence , so that leads to a better understanding . 
  pretty much anyone with a nuanced political position is going to have those qualities . 
  many highly educated people i know are actually communists , for example , while people who do n't have higher education or higher cognitive abilities tend to have quite simplistic views of politics and economics . 
  then there 's the type who only seek identification . 
  many internet-libertarians fit this category , as do many communists . 
  it 's just that being able to discuss one 's position requires intelligence , so that leads to a better understanding . 
   not even mentioning that one creates businesses and jobs , and the other destroys them . 
  prove it . 
  i 'm a political skeptic and enthusiast , so no i do n't believe that `` social security destroys jobs while corporate welfare creates it '' . 
  you 're free to ignore me of course but i 'm just letting you and others know i 'm not buying your bullshit and testing whether you have some actual facts to back it up . 
  to me that 's quite obvious corporatism in disguise of freedom , it 's anti-labour , which is something not even libertarians should be this open about ( nominally ) . 
  i was not insulting you , but your argument . 
  you read that insult into it , which is quite convenient . 
  not american, 
  practically anytime left of american liberals , who are n't even left for the rest of the world , does n't consider them as allies or `` offspring '' . 
  radical left are communists who hate them even more . 
  yeah they must surely be humbled and honored by your view . . 
  and he totally was white , guys, 
  when will multiprocess arrive ? 
  that 's one of the reasons why i 'd want to switch to chrome - that and the not-awful ui . 
  lol you 've got to be kidding or in a very specific situation . 
  firefox ca n't multithread tabs and is technically slower at any user interaction for everyone except apparently you and a couple other people . 
  i have an 8-core proc , a beast gpu , and 16gb ram - forefox still has up to a second-long lags and often stutters . 
  it 's a bit better on windows but still nowhere near chrome , which is completely fluid . 
  yeah well servo ca n't even render stuff properly yet . 
  it 's at least five years away from widespread use ... 
   your experiences are not universal . 
  no experience is . 
  but it 's certainly the norm . 
  problem je u tebi maybe . 
   if we let kids use metal they wo n't learn *** stones ***, 
  balkans too, 
  half life 1 . 
  i think it revolutionized videogame story telling and made it an unbelievably immersive experience . 
  it 's effectively become harder for me to accept modern games still using cutscenes instead of interactive scenarios . 
  aside from great story telling techniques , half life also has a stellar * story itself * - and it 's my favorite game just because of that . 
   i wrote a fucken compiler . 
  linus has not finished his compiler yet and suffers humilation from stallman . 
  * ouch *, 
  yeah i doubt that 's a very sane and informed statement , it 's just ... hilarious . 
   although torvalds has come close, 
  what do you mean ? 
  well then reddit have recognized that they themselves do not share this value at such an extent , i.e. 
  that they are willing to make a compromise . 
  if the reason you used reddit for was because they allowed for an idealized interpretation of free speech - then i can see why you would be disappointed . 
  but you must recognize then , that reddit have neither the moral obligation , nor the wish , to uphold this value of yours . 
  and this is not a universal problem because you can always go found an alternative community since you have * legal * free speech - i bet there are already half a dozen as a reaction . 
  i 've just started this tumblr feed with the intention to collect the writings of various tech authors that lean significantly to the left . 
  this is meant to counter the growing movement of right-libertarianism in tech circles . 
  there is a strong leftist tradition in hacker/techy circles , and it 's simply a good idea to try and collect it in such a feed - especially if we manage to popularize it . 
  so please , if possible , share this tumblr with your friends . 
  #i am also looking for help with posting content, 
  i do n't really have a lot of free time . 
  essentially , contributors will simply need to share interesting socialism and technology-related articles and images they find on the internet , and try to popularize the content and the blog . 
  original writing is also welcome if you 're willing to share it through the blog . 
  to apply , pm me your email, 
  hopefully his dancing did n't suck as hard as his library design . 
  damn i hate swing . 
  how is this related to net neutrality ? 
  why is this getting downvoted ? 
  because we 're not familiar with the american uni system ? 
  is this a warcraft iii reference, 
  science and technology research , thus the vast majority of real innovation , is government funded . 
  taxation and debt ? 
   this is nowhere close to true . 
  this data alone does n't mean a lot for two reasons :, 
  private r&d is n't the same as public scientific research . 
  private r&d can include `` how do we make this popup even more appealing to make people buy our stuff '' , but it can hardly include particle physics and the like . 
  corporations try to label as much of their costs as r&d for the tax benefit , so the data is quantitatively inflated . 
  until i see a more specific break up of those funds , i 'm going to continue assuming that fundamental , i.e. 
  most important and least close to direct private profit research , is publicly funded , because of things like the iss , lhc , nasa , transistors , the internet , www & http , most fundamental computer science , etc. 
  i consider this common knowledge so it 's well within the limits of internet debating -- ** but if you have data that proves me wrong , i 'll gladly accept it and update my views . 
   and as other commentators have already pointed out , government funding has to come from somewhere . 
  yeah , that 's a tautology , resources do have to come from somewhere . 
  i 'm talking about the difference between private and public * allocation * of resources . 
  that 's application of mostly publicly-funded computer science research . 
  also much of the silicon valley developed because of the apollo program and similar public efforts . 
   for every private r&d project related to something trivial like popup ads , there is someone else working on a project that can directly improve the lives of consumers . 
  and that 's great , except `` improving the lives of consumers '' is n't the best motivator for science , nor is it anyone 's motivator . 
  i see two primary research motivators at play here :,
