  that 's not pedophilia , and your simplistic mischatacterization of shakespeare is just as bad . 
  depends on the legal system . 
  i do n't see a problem with 14/16 , that 's the age most people start having sex at , and it 's not even illegal . 
  nuclear energy is by far the best source we have . 
  it kills much less people per kwh than coal , and most of the catastrophes were do to preventable issues ( such as *** not placing your god damn reactor near a seismically active area with awful protection and outdated technology *** ) . 
  you mean like before reddit , right ? 
  just so you know , i 'll be buying your game now because you ported it to linux ( i do n't spend money on games i ca n't play on my main computer , but i do try them out on a windows machine ) . 
  what are your thoughts on open source games ( commercially and otherwise relevant to a broader audience , not tux racer-type ) ? 
  i 'm referring to the model where the code of the game is released under a floss license , to better support modders and other people who would basically work for you , and of course the academic/indie communities - and keep the visuals/sounds/etc proprietary so you make money from people that play the game . 
   i 'd like to start this post with a disclaimer : i do n't know much about creating accessible websites . 
  this was perfectly clear before i even read that paragraph . 
  do you even christianity ? 
  traders provide some of the most essential services of modern markets . 
  maybe you should stop blaming feminists for everything . 
  i had genuine interest in the mr movement but when i went to the sub and saw it was a bunch of people whining about some omnious entity they refer to as ` the feminists ' - i knew there was nothing actually intellectually engaging in that community . 
   and reddit is notoriously anti right wing, 
  yeah , no, 
  have you ever bought anything ? 
  chances are you bought it off a trader . 
  he found the path for the good from the producer to the consumer - you . 
  this is a service that is quite essential to the economy . 
  did you just post the first condescending comment that came to your mind ? 
  it literally has nothing to do with what i 've said . 
   asshole and a shitty journalist, 
  he was responsible for deaths of many . 
  how is any of that more specific to engineers ? 
  it 's * less * specific even . 
  are you seriously one of those people from 4chan text boards, 
  us men have been the targets of an evil female oppression conspiracy * this whole time * ? 
  oh the horror !, 
  gender war !, 
  i 'm so oppressed right now !, 
  is this like tumblr ... 
  but reverse ? 
  typical american attitude . 
  you 're supposed to collectively speak , that 's the sentiment . 
  and care for others ' problems . 
  this is n't anti semitism . 
  the fact that you react this way suggests you 've never confronted real hate speech . 
  essentially get a sense of humor . 
  that 's what humans use to cope with reality . 
  fighting hitler jokes is one of the most pointless ways of wasting your time , especially online , especially on reddit . 
   perpetually job creating, 
  it 's probably too late to be a fair job but every bit of your post and that especially is so gloriously satisfying to read, 
  what do they say , you should write novels, 
  ercegovna want to stronk too, 
  bosnian is not a thing though . 
  depending on your ethnicity that question might 've been either dumb or legitimate :p, 
  pretty sure that guy was n't series, 
  just read your name though, 
  agreed * dubioza playing in the background *, 
  what are dad jokes ? 
  not american btw, 
  [ lawnmowers ca n't fly they said ] ( http://youtu.be/fvixjbrclly ), 
   internal server error, 
  is this meta i or, 
  i do n't get it . 
  how do you `` unsend '' an email ? 
  a copy will be stored on the receiving end and probably multiple other places too . 
  i do n't see how you have a chance unless both ends are on the same system . 
  yh that 's what i meant by `` other places '' . 
  isps are legally required to hold onto it for some time . 
  nice knowing you, 
  i loved that character . 
  hopefully we get a second version . 
  or arya for that matter, 
  i never understood how people could be so short sighted, 
  on the other hand , [ kids ca n't use computers ... and this is why it should worry you ] ( http://coding2learn.org/blog/2013/07/29/kids-cant-use-computers/ ), 
  or just install it on your computer ... 
  i feel like we 're the last ones to * actually * need unions . 
  we 'll automate everyone else first , 
  by that time though , work as we know it today might simply not exist anymore ... 
  not everyone can code . 
  shit most people who claim to be able to suck at it . 
  shits hard - if it was n't , it would n't be so valuable . 
  we should make it possible for everyone to experience it , know what it is , and then focus on the kids that are actually capable and invest in them . 
  i 'd kill myself if every job required coding . 
  holy shit that would be so bad we 'd practically exterminate ourselves . 
  code is bad , code has bugs , less code = less bugs . 
  small , dedicated teams are more efficient . 
  it 's incredibly hard to scale software development . 
  you 're either a dedicated programmer , a hobbyist , or none and stay the fuck away from anything remotely related to it management / software development . 
  i seriously doubt we 're approaching your scenario . 
  i was joking myself . 
  sure automation is a thing , but that in combination with ubi is not really a problem . 
  jobs wo n't just disappear one morning . 
   this means that the bbc has issued a diktat to programme makers to ignore ideas that the bien pensants do not like . 
  no more man made global warming scepticism , no more euro scepticism , no multi - cultural scepticsm , no more divience from the party line . 
  we 're so opressed other people ca n't even lie to us anymore !, 
  functional languages do n't `` end statements '' because they primarily involve composition of functions - talking mainly about haskell here - but they 're optional in less pure languages with functional elements like scala or javascript . 
  ; is usually used by the c family or those that inherit syntax from it ( java , c # ), 
  what 's up with that totally unrelated communist quote ? 
  wow , what defeatism . 
  it 's actually quite possible , but requires effort . 
  nothing can be perfect , but many european countries have it much better than the us . 
  was n't the last shutdown less than a year ago ? 
  or are you talking about some other shutdown ? 
  i like it how you 've completely glossed over the tiny fact that they are spying on you because of your operating system of choice . 
  ** edit : ** thanks to the thread of people below mentioning my ass and going completely berserk : my point has been proven . 
  what hyper feminism ?
