  i do n't understand your aids example . 
  a scientific model can tell you how hiv works and so on , and you can use it to help people - but where 's your point ? 
  we do n't want sickness , and to combat it you need to study it . 
   science is based upon valid assumptions , but those assumptions are inherently value-laden , and failing to come to terms with this inhibits straightforward thinking on how to help individuals , communities and society flourish , for fear of violating a fallacious intellectual taboo . 
  i feel like this is the crux of your case . 
  please explain what you mean by value-laden , and how it pertains to morality . 
  science is a tool people use . 
  * people * , scientists , are value laden - their tools are not . 
   this is why we have no ethical obligation towards rocks or furniture - we have no reason to suspect they can suffer or be made happy . 
  are you claiming we have ethical obligations to conscious , experiencing beings ? 
  i emphatically disagree . 
  neither do we obey these rules , nor do we need to . 
  we can * agree to . 
  * we can pressure people into agreeing by leveraging their empathy - animals rights would n't be a thing if that was n't being done . 
  we have feelings which impact our decision making system . 
  we have psychological mechanisms which can be used to connect beliefs to feelings . 
  that 's what 's going on . 
  ` morality ' is how we codify and communicate these values and beliefs - because it 's beneficial to society . 
  what are the effects of caffeine in this context ? 
  can they be reaped by drinking regular coffee ? 
  in which amounts ? 
  why ? 
  well as far as simple logic goes , it 's lost then added again there should be no problem . 
  there are probably other things that make it unhealthy though . 
  i got introduced to chomsky via compiler theory . 
  was quite surprised to find out about his philosophy , activism , and political commentary . 
  sorry what kind of services are regular investors providing ? 
  is n't it just people buying and selling shares in existing companies ? 
  so , who won ? 
   c # is by far the best language i have ever seen . 
  it 's conceptually pretty much identical to java . 
  check out f # or scala if you want to see truly different languages . 
  i 'm so happy to see [ fsf ] ( http://fsf.org ) on the list . 
  reddit , heck , * anything on the internet * would n't be possible without their contributions , both technical and political . 
  if someone told me i 'd read this post on reddit , i would 've laughed then off, 
  why do they hate that charity ? 
  this is why i 'm very sceptical towards non-analytical philosophy . 
  that statement is not an assertion of a moral truth . 
  denying there are sentences about a that map to truth values is not a sentence about * a * but about * sentences about a * . 
  it 's hard to accept you are psychologically conditioned . 
  moral realism seems even more like religion now since the prime motivator behind it appears to be fear of accepting that morals are indeed just the result of social conditioning ... 
  can someone explain what does it mean for an action to be ` right ' or ` wrong ' ? 
  clearly it has no bearing on whether it is executed or not . 
  that would be a good point if i had claimed that humans live in hermetically sealed groups and have no cognition of their own . 
  however it 's a combination of various pressures from many different groups . 
  and there 's certainly a good amount of thinking and rationality involved - we do n't just accept * everything * . 
  essentially moral realists seem to be attacking a strawman . 
  i did n't say that humans do n't search for underlying moral frameworks , or that morals are completely arbitrary . 
  they 're a complex combination of belief systems backed up both by reasoning ( from abstract to concrete ) and conditioning ( that 's primarily how we accept them ) . 
  so basically something 1 . absolutely arbitrary 2 . completely in my own self-interest ? 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just illogical . 
  that 's not how logic works . 
  sentences about morality are not moral statements . 
  if you ca n't see that i do n't really see the point in discussing this further with you . 
  i suggest studying analytic philosophy and logic . 
  you 've just rephrased it . 
  i clearly do n't have to do anything except die and pay taxes . 
  yes and yes , because that 's what ' i have good reasons to do something ' * means * . 
  the reasons are subjective and they are defined in reference to just me ( again you 've defined it that way ) . 
  and it basically means nothing . 
  it 's a tautology . 
  then i do n't disagree with you , but try to see that you are talking about different things . 
  the ` origin ' or justification for norms can indeed be defined as a synthesis of biology and game theory . 
  but the primary ** learning mechanism ** is socialization . 
  morals are definitely not arbitrary . 
  they enable a group to function . 
  but they do not exist as anything other than psychology . 
  i am pointing out that you are not in any way defining morals but presenting a tautological statement about how we decide . 
  we are talking about whether some objective external moral facts exist . 
  ` you sometimes have reasons to do things ' is not an argument in favor of any side . 
  you have to choose some axioms based on game theory and human emotion and then arrive at some useful rules yes . 
  but that does n't make them ` facts ' , merely convictions . 
  ok you 'll have to justify that because i do n't see how it 's self-justifying . 
  at least it 's very clear what we disagree about . 
  that 's just a phrase, 
  for anyone wondering , it 's not for the money most likely , just to assess the interest in a very concrete and measurable way . 
  well there is n't . 
  is-ought problem , besides . 
  besides this is just people rationalizing their emotions not some actual law . 
  wait how does this relate to all that conflict and slavery over diamonds in africa ? 
  my post about dying and paying taxes . 
  it means you do n't actuality have to do anything . 
   jerking off reduces testosterone levels . 
  source ? 
  i thought it was the opposite . 
  [ actually there is no correlation ] ( http://www.yourbrainonporn.com/book/export/html/148 ), 
  it 's unbelievable how a this post is getting downvoted for alerting people about the rules and civil behavior . 
  it was such because if infant mortality and no modern medicine . 
  if you were rich life was fine and long . 
  some think the earth is 6000 years old . 
   ejaculationstorm, 
  pls, 
  we could argue this forever but that does n't change the fact that op made a mistake by claiming that a method for communication can be the definition of something . 
  what 's going on here ? 
  are you people genuinely serious about these questions ? 
  they 're not philosophical at all they 're just very unanalytical . 
  the neurological events cause the expression ( most of the time ) . 
  there is little reason not to trust someone 's communication of pain to you . 
  in fact it can most often lead to awful scenarios . 
  if quantification was important then you would need a device like fmri to make the measurements .
