  guess i had a brain freeze . 
  what 's anarcho-nationalism ? 
  seems quite contradictory to me . 
  i do n't see how he 's against that . 
  he 's against the practice of decorating yourself with other people 's accomplishments and using them to divide other people . 
   i believe that all citizens of my nation should be proud of our military and those that have died for the country, 
  this . 
  this makes absolutely no sense . 
  you 're an anarchist but you 're for glorifying the state 's killing machine and the main source of its power ? 
  in either case watch the video it 'll do you good . 
  nationalism is just as irrational as religion . 
   [ ... ] how do these children really consider themselves anarchists ? 
  oh man this is gold . 
  you should really get a basic history education , just so you can spare the rest of us . 
  no matter who 's ideology you follow reducing the anarchist movement to that is moronic . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  what other system do you have in mind that would be better ? 
  regulations have worked before , for example , in reducing ozone holes - but primarily because the materials that were banned had good enough replacements , which fossil fuels at the moment do n't . 
  but i still do n't see how carbon-tax-funded investments into energy storage technology and clean energy , are n't the optimal solutions , given the current political context . 
   this march did absolutely nothing to combat pollution . 
  in large this pollution exists because regulation allows it . 
  i think new policies ( carbon-tax-funded research into energy storage and clean energy ) are our optimal solution in the current system . 
  protests and boycotts are definitely great ways to get your point across and instigate change . 
  by going to a protest you help raise awareness ( both of politicians and of your fellow citizens ) , which is crucial for implementing these new policies . 
  i think you 're english is fine , but if you 're having trouble formulating sentences fair enough . 
  i 'm questioning your `` mentality '' - i.e. 
  opinions - because that 's what these subs are for , discussing opinions . 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
  hahah sure enjoy yourself , 
   drug war, 
  well that 's an unfounded generalization that because of one bad policy ( from a generally awfully set up political system ) , all policies are bad and have a negative effect . 
  regulations are n't universally harmful or universally beneficial - you 'd have to get specific for that . 
  and i 'm waiting . 
  i 've presented my case . 
  show me where it fails , and otherwise , i 'll go on believing that that 's the best way to fight pollution / climate change . 
  ( i do n't think that trying to prove how regulations ** always fail no exception ** is a good tactic , because you can get shot down as soon as anyone brings up a single example of a working regulation . 
  for example , china 's push to clean up its energy industry , which is both both eco-friendly and economically beneficial , because -- what a coincidence -- chinese companies happen to be the ones producing most solar panels . ), 
  i do n't really get your point . 
  those people have jobs and lives separate from that specific political issue . 
  i do n't see how it 's reasonable to require that they invest so much into it . 
  i mean they have jobs and lives separate from politics . 
  i 'd say just going to a protest puts them above the 90 % of other complacent humans . 
  also , how do you suggest they contribute more ? 
  become scientists ? 
  not everyone can do that . 
  start donating large amounts of cash to the effort ? 
  i 'm sure that many do , but again , who are you to demand that ? 
   the us government has been giving subsidies to green industries for years and they have yet to find a cheap alternative to fossil fuels , that is actually better than fossil fuels, 
  clean energy has been improving at an unprecedented rate . 
  you do n't replace an entire civilization 's main source of energy over the night , you 're being unrealistic . 
   the biggest problem is that government bureaucrats suck at determining who will get the subsidies and who will not, 
  without any concrete data we ca n't get anywhere on this point . 
  but let 's say that 's true - whatever it meant . 
  i still think it 's the best option . 
  who else is going to do it ? 
  clearly not the oil industry or existing businesses . 
   nuclear, 
  i agree , * much better * than coal . 
  still , solar is better ( environmentally ) - and if we figure out the storage problem - more scalable . 
  tax money paid for those technologies largely , and i think that researching them is one of the best investments of your tax dollars your government is making . 
  i 'd definitely be more concerned about those bankers getting billions of dollars . 
  that still does n't make a lot of sense . 
  it 's a problem that affects us all , first , and raising awareness might be the single best thing those individuals may do . 
  i assure you there are scientists working on it , but until the society as a while starts to change , we are n't getting there . 
  going to a protest is much better than doing nothing about it . 
  that 's simply bullshit . 
  you just regurgitated what you said before . 
  it does n't make it true . 
  / pol / is trying very hard to spread hate even within 4chan , you can see the threads almost every day . 
  it 's an extreme-right political platform . 
  around when will it arrive ? 
  i suppose with rust 1.0 under way it can be that far ? 
  i mean let 's not lie to ourselves - no one uses firefox because it 's faster then the alternatives , the thing lags on my 8-core 4.5 ghz 16gb beast ... 
   people do n't work for monetary reward . 
  please elaborate . 
  what other reason would they do something they do n't want , except force , which we all can agree sucks ? 
  what ? 
  you 're happy that people are being treated that way ? 
  you 're trying to censor other because they do n't agree with your political views, 
  no one uses that lol, 
  i 've advanced my point with my every post . 
  i 've given many examples and elaborated my case . 
  you 've pretty much only said `` lol no they 're in it for the lulz '' - which anyone who 's been there for longer than 5 minutes can tell . 
  tell me , do you believe that stormfront and / r/whiterights are also in it for the lulz ? 
  they 're just harmless teenagers ? 
  battling against the evil hordes of sjws ? 
  i 'll stop wasting my time on you and conclude you 're just trying to derail this thread . 
  oh i did n't know this was a racist subreddit . 
  i do n't see anyone removed , please elaborate, 
   which is the reason drm is used in the first place . 
  no it is not . 
  stop regurgitating this lie . 
  first of all , piracy is easier then ever . 
  the purpose of drm is to facilitate taking away your rights to content , controlling you , and selling them back as services . 
  [ read more ] ( http://www.defectivebydesign.org/ ), 
  it 's lower on resources , definitely , but not faster for me . 
  yes , exactly , you do n't have the right to content you paid for . 
  this is bad , and enabled by drm , which is why we ought to oppose it . 
  i firmly believe that i should have the right to do whatever i want with the content i bought . 
  it should be in an open format that i can play anyhow i want ( i.e.
