   if this were true , there 's obviously no room for free will . 
  your comment is very useful , it 's just that many philosophers would disagree with the above statement . 
  there are schools of thought such as compatibilism , which claim that free will can exist under determinism . 
  the meaning of the phrase ` free will ' has been muddied ( or rather has always been ) to essentially mean ` magic ' . 
   is there really any point to free will apart from making people feel better about themselves ? 
  when you find yourself bringing in value judgments in purely philosophical matters you 're probably doing it wrong . 
  even the word `` illusion '' is semantically value-laden , while `` making people feel better about themselves '' undoubtedly is condescending . 
  essentially you may be going in the right direction , but you replaced potentially constructive analysis with negative , social-context-bound emotions . 
   if the universe were deterministic and free will does n't exist that would n't really change anything in my opinion . 
  again it really depends on what you mean by free will . 
  again , i think this is a psycho-social question we must ask ourselves , not a metaphysical one - i.e. 
  it should n't matter whether determinism is true or not , since we clearly can be informed about our thought process through introspection and/or biological examination . 
  otherwise it 's just tapping in the dark . 
   is there any real scientific value to the discussion, 
  i believe there is both personal and scientific value . 
  * something * clearly is going on . 
  we just need better frameworks . 
  it 's muddied . 
   or is the only reason anyone even talks about it just that humans psychologically crave for self-importance ? 
  * this * question does n't really matter . 
   if the universe knows what decisions you will make before you 're born , how can you claim them as your own ? 
  even if no one could know them , and the universe was nondeterministic on the fundamental level , how could you claim them as yours then ? 
  if your decisions were random , are they any more yours than if they were not ? 
  it really depends on what you consider free . 
  i think that this is a case where a high-level , social concept , is brought down to the pure physical level , it loses its meaning . 
  `` love is just a chemical reaction '' is another example . 
  yeah , duh , * everything is . 
  * i do n't give a shit , because * giving a shit * requires the discourse to be on the * social level . 
  * love has meaning only there , only in how it relates you to other people . 
  free will is something similar , although not as dependent on other people , but on yourself . 
  i mean that free will is like love in the sense that it can be described as a quasi-deterministic physical process , but on some * higher level * , it has meaning to us . 
  that higher level is rationalization , or thinking about thinking . 
  we are ` free ' in the sense that we weigh different options we have , simulate their outcomes , and choose to act in a way that maximizes some ** unknown , ever-changing function . 
  ** it 's as if we create new , separate worlds in our minds , see how we feel about each , and pick one we want to realize . 
  this process of simulating different scenarios in a short time-period is free enough for me . 
  it does n't matter if it was possible to know what i would pick beforehand , i was * free * in the sense that i simulated them myself . 
   with bell 's inequalities , we usually assume free will for the experimentalists . 
  i do n't know what that is , care to explain ? 
  or point me to some not-very-complex source . 
   it 's not ` variables ' , they 're just numbers !, 
  this is standard terminology in the academia and it 's your responsibility to get yourself familiar with it , no ? 
  do you expect to just jump in the physics community demanding everything be dumbed down to a newbie level ? 
  the fsf and much of the free software world do in fact favor inclusivity , so there 's no way they would pick that . 
  why are you surprised about future ? 
  is he that more known than other similar performers ? 
  i agree with your first criticism , this is not the place to incentivize using librejs , although that should be done just in other ways . 
  however , your second point is moot , freedom always exists in a specific context , absolute freedom is not a good thing . 
  you surely agree that you should not have a freedom to murder someone . 
  in the same way , free software developers have no obligation to give you the freedom to decrease someone else 's freedom . 
   if it had any bearing on making scientific predictions, 
  i do n't see how . 
  the scientific method requires intelligence , not free will . 
   or perhaps on human morality, 
  well i think that for any sound moral framework , it does n't really matter . 
  moral frameworks should concern the motivations and outcomes of * decisions * , not just `` free '' decisions , whatever that means . 
   instead , i wonder if abrahamic religion requires free will to justify eternal torture . 
  and so , if the pure physical level disproves free will , does that also disprove hell ? 
  but that 's a complex issue in itself , because even the abrahamic religions themselves seem to deny the existence of free will . 
  probably not a discussion for a thread in compsci !, 
  i think that my concept of free will is compatible with the abrahamic one . 
  you are threatened with hell and have to adjust your behavior accordingly ; and if you behave in such a way that disobeys god , you deserve hell . 
  so if you know these facts , your decision making process will change , and that 's as free as we 're able to even conceive . 
   if we do this with quantum things , we find that the statistics are not consistent with a pre-agreed set of rules . 
  so one of our assumptions must be wrong : they can either communicate faster than light or they already know the details of how they will be measured . 
  yeah i have heard of such experiments . 
  very interesting stuff !, 
  i 'm not at all competent to really comment on this , i would just like to say that in human knowledge models , there can always be a chance of some fundamental misunderstandings about how we conceive the world . 
  maybe those two are not the only options . 
   that 's the same argument i use to prove that we are not free !, 
  we are just computers solving an optimization problem . 
  we always do what is best , given the parameters of the problem . 
  yeah i believe that what we call free will is ultimately computable , it 's just hard , but it does n't make it any less free . 
  my entire point is that `` free '' is meaningless in this reductionist sense because how do you even define that computationally or physically ? 
  you ca n't . 
  what makes this complicated process different is our ability to `` feel '' the outcomes . 
  not all optimization processes are the same . 
  it 's a combination of our intelligence , memory , and imagination , which makes it meaningful to talk about freedom . 
   but to me , true free will means that we have to actually create our decisions somehow . 
  this is really intuitive to every person , because we all feel like we create our decisions out of thin air - why should n't we . 
  but when you start reducing it to more basic principles , it falls apart . 
  free will in this sense is not only impossible , it 's ** unthinkable . 
  ** i 'm yet to see a precise definition . 
   we need to bring something new into the universe that was n't there , or anywhere , before we did it . 
  that 's not a problem at all , since that 's what intelligence and imagination do . 
   but its the one that my optimization parameters tell me is the best . 
  yeah , people say `` free will is a necessary illusion '' . 
  i believe you can easily remove the illusion part : the ** process of decision making ** requires your active participation , and to conclude `` oh nothing matters since it 's predetermined/random '' is to essentially just damage your decision making process . 
  because they do n't really understand it . 
  their conceptualization is wrong , it makes it look much more significant than it really is . 
  i do n't care at all because my internal world model has a more nuanced view of free will , which allows me to normally make decisions and accept materialism at the same time . 
  i 've explained it [ in this comment . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/4g9dox/experimental_test_of_the_free_will_theorem/d2gj0vz ), 
   ` deserve ' is a strong word . 
  yeah yeah i was providing an illustration . 
   how can we be said to deserve it ? 
  how can it be said you deserve jail ? 
  how can it be said you deserve to be grounded ? 
  hell is game theory . 
   what purpose does the punishment have ? 
  to change your decisions ultimately .
