   so again , while 99.99 % of us can agree that [ ... ] mein kampf should n't be read what the ... 
  what ?!, 
  it 's probably one of the most important texts of the 20th century . 
  it might not exactly be a pleasant read , but anyone who 's interested in ( recent ) world history _ must _ read it . 
  you did n't see downfall ? 
  i really like tarantino , but no way he ever came close to that movie 's intensity . 
  but the _ symbolism _ of burning a book is probably one of the worst things you ever could express in western society today . 
  that 's why people group all book-burners as equally horrible . 
  i 'm not aware of anyone having died due to the chemical itself - mdma is fairly harmless if you practice safe use . 
  ( edit : overheating may be a problem , like with amphetamines ? ), 
  deaths occur if dangerous adulterants are mixed with it , and that 's exactly what semi-legalization tries to prevent . 
  i do n't know if the system is the same in the netherlands , but in switzerland you can submit your illegal drugs to testing at festivals etc. 
  and they 'll tell you what 's in them exactly within the hour . 
  that 's the most prudent approach to prevent serious bodily harm , imho - most pure drugs are n't dangerous under reasonable circumstances . 
  i imagine they shouted `` we 're gay ^ ^ ^ please ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ kill ^ ^ ^ us '' instead of the usual `` get used to it '' . 
   i live in germany you can not buy such a book here . 
  you can , just visit an antique book store . 
  ( one of those that euphemise `` shit we salvaged from demolished homes '' as `` antique '' ) . 
  it 's just illegal to _ print _ it as of now afaik , and some people might refrain from selling it , but i 've found it before . 
  ( and those stores are awesome in any case , i 've found a lot of very , very interesting books there . ), 
  i 'm really excited for this - i hope it will actually be neutral , historical commentary that merely explains his implications and not a simple reiteration of `` this is awful '' on every page . 
  i tried reading the original and large parts of it really are difficult to understand without the context of the time . 
  good idea . 
  europe needs more babies , anyway . 
  norway , the home of the only muslim gay pride parade in the world . 
  hey , that sounds like a tourist draw !, 
  it 's really fun to taunt the poles with things like this . 
  it 's a positive outlet for our war guilt , i do n't think there 's a phrase under the sun that makes more people angry than `` polish death camps '' . 
  ( excluding insults and crudeness like `` mohammed was a goatfucker '' , of course . ), 
  one is spread by people in some kind of power to make everyone fall in line , the other by rabble-rabble-rabble angry people with an ax to grind . 
  either way , your tone towards the later while unequivocally supporting the former is n't the most productive way to spread a reasonable sentiment . 
  i dislike both kinds of morons equally , all they do is hamper a decent solution . 
  a reductive perspective such as the one you choose to rail against the right from really is n't much more educated than `` le borwnskins took errr jerbs '' ... it 's just more `` acceptable '' . 
   previous discussion here . 
  i wish the mods would use some discretion if a doubtful reason such as this one wee to justify removing an unrelated discussion . 
  it 's pretty clear that the tenor of that past thread was n't `` fuck refugees '' but a genuine interest in germany 's education programs . 
  and we really _ do _ need foreigners who are willing to apply themselves , so people expressing that need should n't be seen in the same vein as those who claim political asylum . 
  after all , both the reasonable left and right probably agree that importing dedicated workers who are willing to qualify themselves is n't a bad thing . 
  it 's around the ` average temperature records ' for germany , iirc they 're somewhere between 24-26 \u00b0 c overall . 
  see here , for example : http://www.wetterdienst.de/klima/wetterrekorde/deutschland/temperatur/min/ you 'll notice a lot of the records are towards -20 and a lot are towards -30 - probably due to the influence of mittelgebirge and alp . 
  most i 've seen personally ( disregarding holiday ) , living near the alps on a mountain downslope , was about -23 . 
  ( edit : without wind , air temperature . 
  not that i mind , actually , i love the cold , but it does bring certain problems with it . ), 
  but do keep in mind that wind chill - and yes , tents suffer from wind chill - does have a significant effect on temperature . 
  edit : and i strongly disagree with `` that has n't happened recently '' - such temperatures are normal near the alps , and my grandmother 's village just took some few hundred refugees . 
  -25 is n't unheard of , that actually would make people in light tents drop like flies without intervention . 
  you do n't seem to be friends with very intelligent people . 
  the article linked there would have been much more interesting to post - does n't matter that much if it 's old imho , most people wo n't be aware of the inner workings of the eu . 
  oh great , even dw attempts to get rid of journalistic integrity now ? 
  only quoting one side under a misleading title is n't `` taking a look '' at the facts . 
  i got where you were coming from . 
  she did n't seem ice cold , though - maybe it was calculated , but the most common reaction i read was that it was oddly humanizing to see her struggle ( she was known as ice cold _ before _ ) , but that she could n't have said anything else as she would n't have been allowed to take influence . 
  ... whom she told that she could n't do anything for her , which was widely received positively ? 
  those look like reasonable prices for munich , but keep in mind that it 's very expensive compared to other places in germany . 
  it 's not much , in most places you ca n't live off 500 euros - rent will take the biggest chunk out of that . 
  that 's because an apprenticeship is meant to be taken at 16 , when you 're presumably still living with your parents . 
  i 'm not sure if there are other possibilities , though - bafoeg , for instance . 
  that is an interest-free `` education loan '' that university students often take but is apparently also available for apprenticeships as well as for ( for example ) eu citizens . 
  after completing the apprenticeship , though , 2k-2 .7 k is very much a livable , lower middle class salary . 
  and if you 're good , you can take more classes and become a master craftsman or specialize yourself which can pay really well . 
  plus they reserve the right to determine who is a right-winger and thus deserving of getting their face smashed in . 
  just recently , someone fervently defended the claim here that nobody every sincerely says the left does n't beat people up ... but i 'm sure it 'll be rationalized by `` i said _ significant _ violence '' . 
  she 's simply a pragmatist centrist power politician today . 
  it 's not useful to describe someone like that with idealistic terms . 
  yeah , _ left _ wing riots . 
  those wo n't increase very much due to refugees , maybe some `` pro asyl '' people will join but that 's about it . 
  most people there do n't care about much else than smashing things , with `` stick it to the man '' they have all the excuse they need for that . 
  heh , and in this very thread you were told that a circlejerk is a dangerous thing to be sucked into . 
  calling yourself a 3/4 vegan probably means you should check a few things beside your privilege . 
  you come across way more bitter than any of them . 
  probably depends on their diet - carnivores often do n't taste good without a lot of processing . 
  dormouse is actually a delicacy , they 're just not commonly eaten any more because they 're protected in many places . 
  and i very much value those inbreds above those who 'd call them inbreds to make a point ... 
  asking if medical care will be appropritate to prevent infections from spreading is also completely irrational . 
  so irrational that it warrants a smug partial quote ... 
  do n't kid yourself , that 's what the term usually is meant to mean . 
  by that logic , if only the kpd , the mlpd and the linke had seats , the linke would also be far-right . 
  i 'm getting so very fed up with all the verbal contortionism just to be able to say `` they 're evil '' in a way that seems defensible at first glance ... 
  why do people have such horrible taste in politicians ... 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  there 's a police van at the end ... also , this was last year . 
  http://www.pi-news.net/2014/10/video-moslem-mob-zieht-mit-knueppeln-und-allahu-akbar-durch-die-strassen-von-celle/ http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article132995303/massenschlaegerei-in-celle-mit-jesiden-und-muslimen.html from what i gather , clashes between yazides and isis supporters a year ago . 
  sorry for shitty sources . 
  please stop , there 's an unhealthy glow coming from bismarck 's grave . 
  no , i mean here in / r/europe - someone who could answer those questions from the perspective of someone who grew up among blacks . 
  your above comment just prompted me to ask them . 
  it 's funny because `` reaktioner '' would be read as `` reactionary '' in german . 
  i usually can convince myself that you 're playing a character , but ... damn , man . 
  georg schramm has nothing on you if that 's true . 
  you ca n't really say that we 're consuming ourselves , we 're simply on the brink of a new form of post-industrial era . 
  nobody has really figured out how to deal with substantial parts of society being unnecessary , but that does n't mean that path is unsustainable - if we _ do _ figure it out , it might be the best thing to happen to us yet . 
  we 're just too occupied with that process to notice what 's going on around us and adapt to it as well as to internal changes . 
  in a simple success-by-case scheme , yeah , probably , but neither in a reward-by-case not in an ethical context . 
  _ both _ should matter more than mere quotas . 
  well , of course i inferred it was n't exclusively about some single lower-middle class pizzaman but about one of those interregional businesses . 
  there 's probably always something more important to prosecute than the former . 
  but maybe not bigger ones than fraud . 
  i ca n't claim to have a decently complete image on finland , but looking from here and judging from my travels , it simply seems quaint and peaceful which would mean that you may have the resources to prosecute crimes that others do n't have . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  you cite the molesteryness that is inherent in the catholic church and should be used as a weapon against them elsewhere .
