  your `` unpopular opinion '' is the most popular on this sub , apparently . 
  threads like this _ must _ become idiotic circlejerks due to the voting systems ... 
  would n't be hard , but the words are n't equivalent - you can use both words literally ( `` leftist '' more easily today ) and ironically , which is hard to detect . 
  if someone has a better idea ( probably using a list of words for both sides , and some constraints like quotation marks and italics ) i 'll do it . 
  ( i do n't have one . ), 
  here are the total stats : http://wordfreq.ml/europe-filtered-short.html ( `` fascist '' shows up only once , `` leftist '' not at all , so it would be of limited use to graph their use . ), 
  german nickname for the swiss because they kept all of our tooth gold after ww2 . 
   doldenberg { srs :2650 ghazi :1147 } well ... 
  that does n't matter - them being biased makes the information completely useless to a foreigner regardless of its accuracy . 
  i really should start a notebook with instances of people being so full of bile it impairs their eyesight ... 
  i replied to an srster and anti-gamergater , i. e. not exactly the best authority to explain the svp . 
  unfortunately , they post many stats and articles on the topic in general . 
  i 'd love it if better sources would do the same , but welt does almost have a monopoly on graphs at this point . 
  they 're what you 'll find if you try looking up solid information on the subject , and people will take what they can get . 
  but do consider their opinion on jews before voting . 
  i 'm not entirely convinced they 're a sane alternative . 
  damn . 
  always some fly in the soup ... thanks for explaining . 
  oh come on ... you 're probably aware of your own biases , could you please leave such comments to centrists or unaligned people ? 
  we do n't ask your counterparts about their opinion of the greens , either . 
  that sounds like a very good idea . 
  any downsides ? 
  of course not , i just wanted to say that for instance bondage as a kink ( or sometimes fetish ) is a bad example when arguing about orientation . 
  that 's `` the most offensive thing ever '' the us could come up with ? 
  it 's amusing and somewhat dark , but ... ? 
  you 're mixing up `` sexual orientation '' , `` fetish and `` kink '' as many people do . 
  the first means a very base attraction that 's either biological or deeply rooted psychologically , the second means an extreme focus one on particular inanimate thing ( such as not being able to get off without leather or nylon being involved ) , and the third just means some unusual kind of preference or turn-on that  90 % of people probably have . 
  why ? 
  that 's what `` acting ethically '' means - i 'd `` like '' to go out right now and grab all the food i can eat and rape some eleventeen women . 
  but i do n't because that would be unethical . 
  not due to limited potential , though , more so for political reasons . 
  it 's like calling the monroe era us irrelevant to global politics . 
  us having poland is probably worth more than ukraine , georgia and moldova combined . 
  ( disregard potential rocket locations , but mad is the military reductio ad absurdum anyway . ), 
   i think agenda pushing here should be understood as a single purpose account that shows that all you ever do on reddit is concerning one topic maybe even only in this one subreddit . 
  even that is n't necessarily bad . 
  like , if your grandma knows your reddit account , you might create an alt to advocate for opinions that would n't sit well with her - does n't imply that you 're an unreasonable radical . 
  you know what understatement and sarcasm are , right ? 
  i think they refer to raffelhueschen , at least he 's the one talking about `` massive tax hikes '' most prominently atm . 
  but i ca n't find a source for the number itself ( although i 'd estimate `` massive '' increases to be in that region ) . 
  if you say so . 
  of course , it just requires a lot more contacts than i 'm used to ( contacts i do n't have ) - even though the laws are n't very different , in my native swabia people were _ much _ more open about it in general ( and nobody cared ) . 
  probably because the lake of constance is a major drug transit point due to bordering so many nations , so the police have bigger fish to fry . 
  * along major transit routes . 
  as the article mentions , that 's already possible in the south , and i 've lived there all my life without ever encountering any kind of unreasonable check - the only more thorough check were when i was actually crossing the border or obviously a traveler . 
  otherwise , there just were some random checks where they asked for my id , but there 's absolutely no `` police state atmosphere '' here ; and i 'm usually _ very _ critical of surveillance and excesses of state power . 
  luckily , they 're usually content with your id proving you 're a local . 
  not that there 's any weed to buy in bavaria anyway ... 
  but who would that be ? 
  most parties are in a complete rut , and the last attempt to establish a new one did n't exactly go well . 
  maybe i should grab my soapbox and start holding speeches in the augustinerkeller . 
  i could run on a platform of making ich bin deutschland our new hymn !, 
  they can already do that near the border . 
  her yelling that `` religious nonsense '' is something i actually would call very reasonable - as the interview details , it 's a luther quote . 
  and from a religious pov using that quote in this context - `` hier stehe ich , und kann nicht anders ! '', 
  - is rather appropriate . 
  even though i 've lost my faith , i still appreciate someone who applies it within its reasonable boundaries - you state some axioms that constitute belief and one may choose to adopt or discard those , but much of what follows is very logical . 
  that obviously ends when you advocate for violence , but as i said , she does n't appear to do so . 
  it 's an insult to think that i would n't realize how much you ripped that out of context . 
  in no way whatsoever does that comment `` legitimize '' the attack . 
  go vomit on someone else 's shoes , i 'm sure there 's someone who 'll engage in a yelling match . 
  ... you know that / u/arvendilin is probably one of the last people on this sub to `` legitimize '' a right-wing attack ? 
  ( edit : as are most other people there - / u/jtalin , / u/23powerz , / u/aboutdesouffle etc. ), 
  you might want to examine your prejudices . 
  that 's actually the same video i posted under a different uri . 
  yeah , one of the main failure of people who oppose radicals of any kind naively is to assume that they must be stupid . 
  many , many of them are actually highly educated and intelligent people whose brain just went haywire at some point . 
  it 's impossible that al quaeda , for instance , is n't structurally aware of the theorems of the raf , ira , eta , whatever - they and their buddies are not just blowing shit up for the heck of it as so many appear to assume . 
  isis ' professional media campaign should be further evidence of that . 
  it _ is _ editorialized unless the zeit changed their article . 
  compare the two , op 's `` translation '' goes way beyond the article at some points . 
  you 're verbose , but your argument stays just as thin . 
  it may indeed be possible that societal expectations have such an effect , but i just do n't think it 's reasonable to assume that the evidence we currently have is wrong due to just a possibility . 
  look at cp for further evidence - what percentage of it features men , what percentage features women ? 
  ( yeah , maybe not a realistic suggestion if you have n't been on the net for a _ long _ time or use * chan . ), 
  combine the two groups of indicators - we know about many more men being pedophiles than women , and available media show far more men than women . 
  you 'd need a pretty strong argument to say that the picture painted by this is wrong , and `` maybe societal expectation plays a role '' is n't one . 
  i 'm not discarding the thought in general , i 'm just entirely unconvinced by what has been said in support of it so far . 
  occam 's razor - how reasonable is it to assume that expectations would skew the stats to _ that _ extent and that there has _ never _ been a study suggesting that the results are so extremely wrong ? 
  oh , yeah , there might be some circumstances where that general principle is overruled by more urgent considerations . 
  but most people probably do n't have a really infectious disease - and someone suffering from the plague would probably seek out another doctor first . 
  in theory it mightshouldwould , but working with their api and reading their devs ' comments on it , i 'm getting the impression that that 's pure eyewash and they do n't really have an idea what 's going on on their site . 
  but even in the `` era of transparency '' , we of course have no actual way to tell . 
  no germans here ? 
  surprising . 
  i 'm very happy with our current system and think it 's not being enforced enough . 
  we have three-tier education : one kind of school for simpletons , of for average people , and one for smartasses . 
  the first prepares you for a basic apprenticeship ; the second for some higher-tier apprenticeship ( like in banking ) or lower tier vocational university ( ba ) ; the third for university in general . 
  that separation is extremely unpopular due to political reasons ( `` everybody would be as intelligent as everyone else if it were n't for fascism '' ) , but it does prevent a huge amount of conflicts we hear about from other countries . 
  and growing up in a small town , the segregation ended at 12 o ' clock for me , i. e. i did n't have any qualms about interacting with people from the `` lower tiers '' that may lead city folk to dismiss the system . 
  several states are currently experimenting with schools that educate all adolescents ( like a us high school , including that weird concept of replacing family ) , but i 'm very skeptical of them . 
  german psychiatrists may still use the dsm , they usually just do n't see a need to do so is a disorder is sufficiently describable by the icd . 
  but certain unusual disorders are more fleshed out in the dsm , so they may use whatever describes the patient best and just amend their diagnosis with the icd equivalent in quotes . 
  edit : oh goodie , i apparently made someone downvote my entire comment history again . 
  not that i mind le karma , but i 'd at least like to be able to laugh at someone ; so notify me next time you do that , alright ? 
  weird that / r/europe is the only place that has happened to me in ~ 7 years of using reddit . 
  four times . 
  in the last six months . 
  your country is taking it to the unreasonable extremes , though - someone who ca n't drive if a blizzard hits should n't be allowed to drive a car , someone who 'd fish for hatchlings should n't be allowed to own a fishing rod , and someone who ca n't tell what caliber goes into a gun should n't be allowed to shoot it . 
  i 'm a liberalist and all for individual freedoms , but you have to _ earn _ those freedoms ( edit : i. e. prove to be worthy of them ) if there is any possibility at all that you exercising them may prove to be harmful .
