  so this really should n't be that big a deal unless you move somewhere in the depths of scotland . 
  what `` a '' shitty `` source '' . 
  germanosphere master rac ... wait . 
  in sweden ? 
  probably . 
  but i 'm not sure if they even have that kind of culture , it 's not universal . 
  i remember when a feminist group wanted to make a video showing how horribly women were harassed on the street in new zealand ( like they did in new york ) and had to cancel the project because they could n't get enough footage . 
  you 're a shining model of the kind of people we need more of on this sub - calm , reasonable , well-spoken and firmly adherent to the principles of constructive debate . 
   also , they 're incredibly obscure . 
  maybe in your country . 
  in germany , they had a _ major _ influence on '68 and the subsequent leftist political movements . 
  most people somewhat interested in politics will know at least some adorno quotes . 
  ... which was a progressive force in its time and is vastly misrepresented today . 
  nah , you just get a tornado of smug derision . 
  that 's not a debate . 
   in fairness his family is also more established in norway , whereas mine are first generation immigrants in australia . 
  ah , that might explain it . 
  at least in accordance with my feeling of local patriotism of someone who was deeply anchored in the region , i paradoxically did n't value my region that much ; but once i went out into the world , i realized how truly beautiful my place of origin is in its own right . 
  i must admit , i called my mother from both north of the arctic circle and southern india because the cultural disparity was too much for me , and i likewise had a lot of trouble readjusting back to germany both times . 
  if you grew up with such experiences as a background , you 'll of course have no trouble adjusting ; though i wonder , is your perception or mine more of a benefit to the person themselves ? 
   you mean like the circlejerk in this topic ? 
  both the cirlejerk and the counterjerk are equally harmful . 
  i 'm always wondering , why do n't people like you just not invite their partner to the obviously more cushy country ? 
  i get that the north of norway might be hard to take due to the winter sun , but it 's an absolutely gorgeous place with generous social programs that i do n't think anyone would consider to be abused by someone inviting their future spouse . 
  why would you move _ away _ from such a country ?!, 
  i 've traveled quite widely , and although i still have only limited references , norway was the place that felt most peaceful and open to me so far . 
  maybe not in terms of pure , undistilled opportunity - india might be the frontrunner there - , but certainly in terms of peace of mind . 
  the sd article mentions it being misrepresented as a dresscode , though , which is what i was referring to . 
  spoiling your ballot __ and not protesting __ does n't do anything different than not voting . 
  openly proclaiming your reason for spoiling your ballot does . 
  and there are lots of reasons - the political `` spectrum '' in germany is a joke by now , it consists of three dots at the left , center and right . 
  ( maybe a little extension towards center-delusional if you count the greens extra . ), 
  i could n't care less about the opinion of people who do n't even care enough to take part in the democratic process . 
  ( save for a very few who might have protested with spoiled ballot papers in hand . ), 
  could people _ please _ refrain from posting articles from that shitty site to support such an extreme story ?!, 
  edit : http://www.sueddeutsche.de/bayern/niederbayern-schuldirektor-warnte-vor-sexy-kleidung-wegen-asylbewerbern-1.2546058 better source - more bias than i 'd like as well , but at least they have a reputation to uphold . 
  i 'm not aware of any kind of dress code in german schools , save for a few fringe cases where they might have had problems with politicized clothing . 
   so about 75 % of our population is ignored , when the decision who gets to appoint the chancellor and most of the government was made . 
  the biggest party obviously has the mandate for chancellorship , but they still need to form a coalition that they can not ignore . 
  you present it as if the spd were mere pawns , which may be true by their own fault and weakness but by no means required by the system . 
  germany would probably be eligible for a representative helmsman role in that analogy , but not for one that gives us power over all other `` coalition partners '' . 
  not even the us president has that many privileges , leave alone our chancellor . 
  i generally refrain from making statements about the situation itself because that usually just results in ideologically driven salami tactics and trench warfare . 
  but one point is , imho , not emphasized enough : granting asylum to people in need is in the best of european tradition , and it is shameful to see people who claim to be conservative opposing it wherever possible . 
  as a rather conservative person myself , it is unquestionable to me that we must hand on that flame - at a minimum , in order not to destroy our own traditions in an attempt to defend them . 
  that 's a trend i 've generally noticed during the last years , from different sides of different debates : complete disregard for time-proven and ethically sound ideas either in the name of defending them at all costs or in the name of some vague ideas of `` progress '' . 
  from a rational viewpoint , it is obvious that not all the people currently migrating towards the eu are deserving of such help , though , and there are very real constraints on the amount of help we can give . 
  ignoring those constraints due to higher ideals of universal harmony is just as bad as the scorched earth strategy the `` right '' seems to be pursuing ; either extreme will lead to the destruction of the values they ( naively or deceptively ) claim to uphold . 
  everyone we receive as a refugee who is n't deserving of our help is diluting those values in a self-accelerating process , limiting our capability to uphold the systems that many people have fought hard for - and without any net gain that could n't have been achieved through legal immigration . 
  radical policies have to be implemented in order to cope with the sheer numbers - bavaria 's `` fast track deportation '' is one step in that direction . 
  unfortunately , the two purely ideological sides yelling at each other _ completely _ drowns out any critical opinion - it 's exclusively a `` with us or against us '' with insane amounts of propaganda by now . 
  the wells are so very poisoned that taking any position at all means siding with extremists , which of course drives people themselves further towards the extremes if they do n't have a _ lot _ of self-control ( or completely retreat from the debate ) . 
  as a result , we get / r/coontown users concern trolling with bait threads like this one and `` leftist '' nutjobs calling everyone but mommy a nazi . 
  _ both _ groups are at fault for the abysmal state of the debate on a wider scale - unsurprisingly so , when they try to tear anyone who does n't support them without question apart . 
  until that is rectified ( and it probably never will be ) things will only continue to get worse . 
  as someone pointed out recently , it 's doubtful if it would make that much of a positive difference to terminate schengen with the scale we 're looking at . 
  what 's a lone border guard in the alps supposed to do if they spot a hundred people crossing the border illegally ? 
  they 've already proven they 're resourceful in finding ways around just about any barrier ; making it a bit harder to get into a single country wo n't be as much of an influence as a stringent and well-communicated , coordinated deportation ( etc ) policy . 
  and afaik , the current border policing with mobile units is tied to schengen as well at least here , and such measures might actually be more effective ( if put to good use ) than stationary border crossings . 
  figure of speech , though i 'd be surprised if you have n't made any ( or at least conjured them up in your mind ) . 
  into a caricature that makes it look like your account was captured by your mortal enemies , yes . 
  jesus christ , this sub has quite a few ideologically blind people , but you 're so comically absurd that i 'd _ never _ have believed you to be real if i had n't witnessed your devolution over the past month . 
  at least we now know who bakes all that retard cake . 
  the linked paper uses the us term verbatim ( except for the durchkoppelung ) , so there 's probably no direct equivalent . 
  then you 're just purposely being obtuse . 
  naivety is the only other reason for misinterpreting their post the way you did that comes to mind . 
  circlejerking over something means _ not _ having a mature opinion on it and actual tolerance is way different than the warped version that people who do so subscribe to . 
  ... and it was just a prank . 
  things like that are n't uncommon in any immigration context - i recall similar stories from other great migration waves , like the ones to america . 
  it 's almost a cliche to tell everyone at home how well you 're doing now , how could they usually check anyway ? 
  yeah , but santa lives in lappland . 
  edit : finnish lappland . 
  no reddit before coffee ... 
  it 's ridiculous how many people on either side of this debate appear to genuinely think that values , opinions , stances and arguments have to be bought wholesale and can not be separated from each other . 
  then they 'd have to go to finland . 
  you do n't call people _ out _ , you just call them something . 
  biiig difference . 
   to turn this around , when does this officially become fascism ? 
  as if the left 's abuse of that word was n't already annoying enough ... 
  most people seem to mix that up , strangely - the effects of medicinal plants in general are n't in question , just the methods of homeopathy which is something completely different that only happens to use those plants . 
  there 's a large number of plants that can kill you or have other effects on the body - it would be weird if there also were n't some that could cure you . 
  an egyptian billionaire has offered to build such an island if turkey or greece sell him one . 
  they said twit , not twat . 
  dclauzel apparently posted some pretty similar ones in irc , which ( when accounting for somewhat different times selected ) points towards them being accurate . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  you 're probably not aware of the context . 
  the ruetli school really was pretty well-represented by the report ( from left-leaning spiegel ) - it did have _ massive _ structural problems . 
  it was a big topic about ten years ago , so most people would have been able to properly contextualize it , but it 's pretty useless without the context . 
  judging from the topic , vocabulary and general style , that video is about 10 years old and has nothing to do with recent immigration . 
  huh ? 
  most of them are quite active and actually decent . 
  there are n't , ahem , that many with an agenda . 
  insulting someone as a balls-violin is a standing term in dutch ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  edit : come to think of it , with arschgeige we have a pretty similar word . 
  `` ass-violin '' . 
  insulting someone as a balls-violin is a standing term in dutch ? 
  that 's awesome . 
  at least we could expect an honest defeat from them ( however unlikely that is ) instead of having to point out flops for weeks after the match . 
  `` one sigma below average '' already means `` fucking mental '' by itself .
