  not everyone has to use facebook and mobile phones , but everyone does have to use money . 
  something like that would mean forcing people into being monitored at all times - no , thanks . 
  and it could even result in people being tied to a sort of `` immigrant pimp '' that does those electronic transactions for them if they would be monitored closely enough for the concept to work at all . 
  yeah , do n't know why people commonly assume that the borders are _ completely _ unmonitored . 
  i 've been asked to identify myself and have been searched when returning from traveling ( which was obvious due to my huge backpack etc. ), 
  and i look very german . 
  wo n't prevent anyone from yelling `` racial profiling '' if something like this ever reaches the media , though ... 
   but doing it for 18k boxes is something completely different than doing it for one computer only . 
  well yeah , look at my initial post - the number of systems vastly complicating the procedure was part of my point . 
  and my slackware remark was simply because that 's what i started using linux with , compiling truly monolithic kernels myself . 
  slackware 8 still used a kernel that made using modules rather impractical , iirc . 
   nobody forces her not to do it . 
  but in my country there would be a lot of criticism , from the public and various feminist movements . 
  i know , but ... why ? 
  `` abusing the system '' is way too vague in that context to make an ethical judgment . 
  that 's probably why they signed a contract or were at least briefed before the show . 
  they likely just accepted the terms in the hope of being `` discovered '' . 
  i really do n't see how this violates anyone 's rights - if a woman wants to capitalize on her body , who 's to tell her she 's not allowed to do so ? 
  of course , it _ may _ have been a criminal act , but it 's just unlikely that any organization of note in any field would lend itself to facilitating a crime . 
  ah well , maybe i 'm just misunderstanding you , not worth arguing over . 
  i mentioned the people on the opposite side . 
  you did n't accuse anyone personally , but saying '' _ some _ people are _ notably absent _ '' is direct enough to be called an accusation , come on . 
  ( not in a legal sense , but in a `` we all know what you 're implying '' sense . ), 
  you did n't say they exist in general , you were talking directly about the most active ones , of which there are n't many . 
  they 're some of the most vocal pro-immigration users . 
  i was just saying that your metric is meaningless to make such a strong accusation . 
  people like thebeercannon , maxi_w or benthetraveler ? 
  because i did n't see them posting here . 
  i doubt there 's a clear link , it was purchased used by a foreign national , registered in a third * nation , driving to a fourth ... seems they wanted to obfuscate their tracks . 
  and it could be a demonstration , i. e. leaving it there would have been on purpose . 
  so no reason this could n't have been deliberate except the lack of a message explaining it . 
  also because co would n't produce screaming from the effects of the gas , it 's well-known for _ not _ doing that . 
  though i do n't know how quick the onset would be in something like a truck which it 's being pumped into , i. e. if they had time to realize what was happening before becoming drowsy . 
  what a shitty source . 
  i 'd much prefer a decent article that i ca n't read over one that has feature stories like the listed ones . 
   speisa - your daily dose of news , amazing , fantastic , strange , funny or sad , because you are just like us !, 
  i think we 're missing each others ' points here , i was talking about things like dkms compiling kernel modules anew if you install a new or old version . 
  and i 've compiled several drivers i just pulled from companies ' github etc myself , resulting in kernel modules that ( usually ) worked with whatever i currently had running . 
  and those drivers were often quite old - maybe they simply did n't use any obsolete or newer functions , but even those that would n't compile usually required only one or two lines being changed . 
  i know that there 's no standard api , but in practice it 's just never been much of an issue for me . 
  the only times when it was was with the mentioned hacks . 
  my point was that something like this is far more trivial than upgrading an entire system because you can build them as modules and simply distribute those without having to replace the whole kernel with a new version , which [ edit : iadmirerichardnixon 's ] post made it sound like . 
  and that the driver has to _ come from _ the linux sources is just plain wrong , plenty of drivers are distributed in other ways . 
  you could just write one yourself , after all , without it being _ in _ linux . 
  as far as i can tell , everything in the article makes sense . 
  what does n't ? 
   in linux these drivers are built into the linux kernel itself . 
  you 're still on slackware 8 or what ? 
  any periphery driver i 'm aware of is loaded as a module nowadays , and it 's no problem compiling those yourself , at least if your system or the driver are n't so completely anachronistic that one relies on outdated hacks . 
  it just becomes a problem when you do that for such a huge number of varying systems , but that 's probably no less of a workload on windows - does n't really matter if you batch-deploy kernel modules or system images . 
  looking at wikipedia , people seem to be using different definitions here - me and others use the stricter one which equates `` nation '' with the state , you the broader one . 
  i 've never heard anyone use `` nation '' in german or english like in `` the arab nation '' but apparently it 's doable . 
  and sorry for the harsh tone above , i thought you were making a political point , not one about the translation . 
  it 's just typical vice drivel . 
  ca n't look up the translation because google wants cookies and javascript and whatnot , but if even the headline is smugly sarcastic it 's not remotely close to an editorial , much less an article . 
  and the rest is written in a similarly shitty sensationalized tone . 
  but that 's apparently what you have to do to be a `` hip '' and `` young '' journalist today , god forbid presenting facts that people could make informed decisions from . 
   vice no . 
  wikipedia mentions some honors and awards the author got around that time , maybe that 's the cause . 
  so it 's basically irrelevant and it boils down to likelihood of compatible opinions . 
  that is where people disagree - how likely views on society are compatible internationally . 
  or iow , how much they are influenced by cultural and religious background , which you had dismissed as being less important than common interests . 
  i 'm just saying your argument is illogical or simply fails to meet its target , not sure how much importance i attribute to culture - but i 'm sure it 's a gradient , not the `` only two possible absolutes '' people have been screaming at each other over for the past weeks . 
  you do realize it 's a bit short-sighted to use cliches about bavaria and saxony here to make your point , right ? 
   you can both love computer games , tv shows , classical music , gangster rap or whatever while other hungarians might hate that kind of stuff . 
  the same can be said about the `` nazi from saxony '' quoted above in your line of thought . 
  `` traitor to the people '' , not the nation . 
  they maybe take one look in your bags and often enough ca n't even be arsed to do that . 
  any kind of actually concealed weapon , and noticing five minutes before `` shit , where do we stash the booze '' is n't concealed , would be ridiculously easy to smuggle in . 
  it 's weird , here in munich they 're simply drunk and drunk people in droves are always a bit obnoxious , but that 's about it . 
  they just like to sing a little too much . 
  i 'd better delete that account right now . 
  because the last time something like that happened , the swedes here pretty unanimously said that it 's been like this since the 90s in some areas due to gang-related crime . 
  congratulations , then you 're the first counterexample . 
  any the definition of `` defend '' of anyone i ever heard clinging to that rule was beyond absurd , which makes your attempt at sounding rational self-defeating . 
  it 's just a less obvious way of saying `` with us or against us '' . 
  equatorial guinea , gabon , botswana , libya , tunisia , south africa , egypt and namibia if i did n't overlook any . 
  by gdp per capita ppp ( imf ) . 
  plus probably various islands , i can never remember where those are and what continent they are associated with . 
  it 's not even a misuse as per rediquette any more , this is plainly spamming in technical terms and fucking annoying in personal ones . 
  do you have your fingers in your ears right now and are yelling your comments at a voice recognition system ? 
  you sound like a broken record of a child throwing a tantrum and anyone interested in reading this thread without having to filter out your screams will downvote you . 
  but yes , that of course makes everyone a nazi except you and mommy . 
  you have apparently zero historical knowledge about the middle ages , you 're mixing up a thousand years of history . 
  ask your questions on / r/askhistorians , they 'll write you an article or two or refer you to their faq . 
  i do n't think they were talking about the `` dark ages '' nonsense , more about the 30 years war and such . 
   no , it constitutes a single data point . 
  aka an example . 
  `` from the spirits that i called , sir , deliver me ! '', 
  people reitarete those things every time the topic comes up as if they were supposed to stir compassion for the poor us , but the circumstances are n't exactly exonerating - they just add `` poor planning '' to the list of failures . 
  it 's vice , they 're not to be taken seriously either way and such bad writing is to be expected . 
   if they call fifty people per thread racists , it 's going to leave an impression . 
  two regulars do basically nothing but exactly that . 
  if they call fifty people per thread racists , it 's going to leave an impression . 
  thanks , adorno ... 
  you arrogance and condescension are of the same mindset as just yelling `` nazinazinazi '' or `` sjwsjwsjw '' when someones opinion differs from your own . 
  kindergarten level of arguing , just call them a big stupid stupidhead directly ... 
  then your friend is wrong . 
  there 's no such thing as thought crime . 
  that seems to have been the entire premise of the bloc , at least you could buy a handful of whatever for a few marks when the gdr fell .
