  ... and continued with me pointing out that your claim that in german , gewalt was short for staatsgewalt was wrong . 
  alright , if you 're just complaining about the translation i agree . 
  i was talking about the german use where she was quite obviously talking about physical force , not abstract force . 
  i 'm on debian unstable and use ff nightly , so things like that are to be expected . 
  still weird that issues can be _ that _ severe , though ... browsers are the only things that give me any problems at all . 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's usually explicitly used in the form of `` staatsgewalt '' or in a judicial context where abstractness is implied . 
  if used in a simple sentence , that implication of abstractness is lost . 
  '' _ sigh . _ '', 
  ah , if it 's an html5 feature , that explains it - i explicitly forbade ff from using it since it led to crashing my entire desktop environment , something that i had n't seen for some ten years . 
  chromium does have its own and similarly severe issues with it , though ... it 's weird how such old tech can be so poorly implemented today . 
  huh , weird , those do n't show for me in firefox , only in chromium . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  swedish is hard to understand for germans , could you translate some key bits ? 
   and in this context `` gewalt '' is short for `` staatsgewalt '' it 's really not - it would be an unusual way of employing the word , and you have to force yourself to believe that it was short for `` staatsgewalt '' . 
  it 's pretty clear that she was talking about actual force , physical or otherwise . 
  the abstract meaning of `` gewalt '' is barely ever used outside of highly abstract texts like laws . 
  the problem is that widespread poverty ( as far as that goes in germany ) produces a hostile environment for people who are fed by the state . 
  even if many of the people there depend on state support , they may react negatively to `` outsiders '' claiming the same benefits ; refugees get similar benefits to those who have no perspective of being employed any more . 
  ( langzeitarbeitsslose , the long-term unemployed - mainly uneducated people with bad family backgrounds . ), 
  they make up substantial parts of the people in some regions , and their position of course makes them skeptical towards those who receive the same benefits as themselves `` at random '' . 
  the links are `` wrong '' to support the claim of people being evicted from welfare housing ( and they were n't posted to support that claim ) , but that really did happen according to ard 's report mainz . 
  of course , the reasons behind it are far more complex than simply valuing the refugees more than the natives , but it 's still an insanely stupid thing to do - that 's how you make xenophobic radicals out of ordinary but already disenfranchised people . 
  and that second link does n't necessarily mean that confiscation of property wo n't happen . 
  the minister may not like it , but i 'd assume that it 's within municipalities ' powers , else palmer would n't have openly considered it on multiple occasions . 
  good choice !, 
  i served with the unit where they were initially deployed , and while i never got to operate one myself , i was able to observe their amazing precision . 
  if coupled with our sensor systems , it 's an awesome piece of machinery . 
  we 've been struggling to do that exact thing since the 90s , and the local problems have n't exactly made it easier . 
  yes , of course it 's necessary to give those people confidence in the wider society 's values - but you wo n't be able to do that if you simply say `` screw y' all , here 's a bunch of migrants '' . 
  that 's akin to learning to swim by being thrown into an ice cold lake - it might work sometimes and in theory , but most people would probably develop an irrational fear of water . 
  as i said , respecting the fears of the people is n't necessarily `` accommodating populist measures '' , it may simply be respecting the fears of the people - and that that 's an important thing any government ought to consider . 
  well , that 's exactly what i 'm saying - like it or not , that situation is fact , and ignoring it can only result in destabilization . 
  avoiding that is n't `` giving in to terrorists ' demands '' , it 's avoiding the creation of _ new _ terrorists by not ignoring deeply rooted problems . 
  even if statistically , you 'll only radicalize 5 % of people by spitting on their shoes with new laws , that 's still 5 % too many . 
  we simply ca n't risk radicalizing substantial parts of those places ' population by ignoring their concerns - they have to be carefully addressed while they are still simple concerns and not radical convictions . 
  but _ why _ are people disproportionately `` racist pieces of crap '' in some regions ? 
  you have to have a comically childish world view for your argument to end there . 
  is it that east germans are just genetically predisposed to being bald , or do we put some mind-controlling chemical in their water supply ? 
  no , there 's a myriad of reasons and ignoring those in order to `` achieve '' your political goals might make you eligible for the role of pippi langstrumpf at most . 
  ignoring _ why _ people might commit arson is just as idiotic as giving in to their demands . 
  both approaches will result in blindly ideological bullshit . 
  it 's really inconceivable to me how someone could _ actually _ think that you just have to send a few more policemen in such cases ... 
  i 've never been , but my father 's biological father is american ( cliche asshole gi ) , and some grand-relatives on my mother 's side moved to the us , so i have a bit of a connection . 
  generally , while there were some interesting and positive aspects to what i heard about the us , others shocked me - for instance , when my father spent time with his relatives as a young adult and decided to walk around the town he was reported as missing because it was so inconceivable , and visiting members of my mother 's family hit the deck when a lorry had a misfire in the middle of a small industrial town . 
  such things do n't speak too highly of your society , and they confirmed my negative view of it . 
  generally , i find you too loud , too aggressive , too judgmental , too confident - that 's of course just a general impression , but it appears as if such behaviors are more ingrained in us society than european ones . 
  many of the basic concepts of it would be considered barbaric here , and i 'm not ashamed of being _ very _ distrustful towards it . 
  myself obviously not ; the mentioned people were from la on my father 's side and some place in arizona on my mother 's . 
  nobody would willingly claim german heritage , so this is n't an issue for me . 
  as a european , i do understand how people feel about their national identity , though , so i can only reinforce what others in this thread have said : do n't claim it as your own . 
  it 's really hard to give a good recommendation there - london-paris as suggested below is a good idea , though i 'd choose berlin instead amsterdam . 
  ( the latter might be too similar to london if you 're not interested in the red light district . ), 
  alternatively , stockholm might be a good idea but maybe too similar in flair to paris ; you could also consider italy - florence , for example . 
  all the cities have a very different character , and in a single week it 's like wanting to get to know ny , las vegas and la. 
  sounds like a psychotic break . 
  my mother is a psychiatrist and she tells me that such problems are apparently rather common in athletes , which can become quite the problem - she once had to handle a 2,10 m basketball player from the us in such a condition , being about 1,50 m and 50kg herself . 
  amphetamines will facilitate such developments through sleep deprivation or amphetamine psychosis ( in addicts ) , then add in the adrenaline rush ... you get pretty much what would have been called a berserker a thousand years ago . 
  it 's too bad - amphetamine is a really nice drug and usually quite harmless , but sometimes it sends people off on a rampage . 
  ... all deep-fried , of course . 
  some things ca n't be handled by simply sending the police . 
  there 's a reason why the tension is there , you ca n't just increase it and try to metaphorically beat people up until it goes down again . 
  that may work in the short term in confined circumstances if there 's a real emergency , but handling a large chunk of the country like that for an unknown time is simply nuts . 
  why would you want to eat brackish sausage ? 
  that does n't sound tasty . 
  wow , even more expensive than the actual wiesn ? 
  and i somehow doubt you get the real stuff , they probably just ship their standard beer ... edit : wait , in that photo below , everybody is drinking wheat beer ? 
  unless she 's even less competent in choosing her wording than our politicians , it does mean violence in practice . 
  simply building a fence or something like that would have to be described in far less drastic words so people do n't jump to conclusions . 
  of course they were being hyperbolic , but housing asylum seekers at that scale in places that are already high in tension ( i. e. those with massive population flight and thus free housing ) would be dangerous . 
  a place like munich otoh would probably have no problem handling high numbers , but you wo n't easily find an empty apartment there even if you have a steady job and quite some money . 
  so literal space is n't the problem , _ appropriate _ space is . 
  iirc , there was some error in how the population was counted for a while , so those numbers may not be comparable 1:1 . 
  ( unless they 've been adjusted retroactively . ), 
   if you 're born in germany and work manual labor you 're getting fucked by the hour . 
  not necessarily , the wage at daimler is _ amazing _ for example . 
  i made well over 1000 euros per week as an unskilled temp when i worked there , and i did n't even maximize what i could have earned . 
  my grandfather was a master there and his pay dwarfed that of my doctor parents . 
  any deleted comment will still show up in the total count , not just those by shadowbanned people . 
  wow , this steaming shitpile of an `` article '' sets a new record for hollow sensationalism ... 
   are you denying the trail of tears , smallpox blankets , or the actual wars with the native americans ? 
  are you ignoring that i did n't deny those things but pointed out that their scale was lesser than that of other aspects ? 
  and are you ignoring that doing so does not mean signing any preceding comments , as you so verbosely claim ? 
  you 're just obfuscating your arrogance with vague accusations , overblown banalities and smug character attacks . 
  you 're arguing with a mirage , not with me - and such `` discussion '' really is n't for me . 
  people like you are the exact reason they included this disclaimer . 
  it 's idiotic to claim that children are n't allowed to play outside any more due to shoplifting paranoia when the post mentions that people 's backyards are being stolen from . 
  you simply can not believe even yourself that yours was a reasonable comment - nobody can be _ that _ incapable of logic . 
  yeah , _ during _ reunification would probably have been a better wording than _ after _ . 
  sudden , massive change always scares people . 
  the better question is , when do we _ not _ sieg heil ? 
  this is a real problem , i have n't slept in three days because my right arm keeps twitching and it jolts me awake all the time . 
  jesus fucking christ , every single one of your posts in this sub is a stark reminder that our own are n't setting the standard for smug , illogical shitposting . 
  you 're just on a _ completely _ different level . 
  what are you _ doing _ on / r/europe , ffs ? 
  you ca n't possibly think that you will receive any reaction other than being spat on . 
  i do n't see even the leftmost people in here appreciating your bullshit . 
  native americans suffered far more under semi-random side effects of migration , particularly disease , than under willfully committed genocide . 
  thanks for the hourly reminder that we are literally nazi nazi nazi , though , that 's always a hallmark of someone interested in productive and reasonable debate . 
  nazi nazi .
