  just read dclauzel 's comments , they 're _ dripping _ with derision , passive aggressiveness and arrogance in an attempt to drive as many people away as possible . 
  and it worked . 
  the other crap is just the cherry on top and people are complaining about it so they do n't open themselves up to being called racists . 
  also , just compare the megathread to the one about the gangrape in finland and tell me the contrast suggests an organic behavior ... 
  the sum of those things is what 's so aggravating about this . 
  maybe have it change with mouseover like a spoiler ? 
  i stopped reading the megathread because it was too visually confusing ( among others , e. g. your fucking smilies ) and those proposed solutions are all worse . 
  what does that asterisk mean ? 
  i see it a lot when looking for etymology , especially with germanic and indogermanic root words . 
   i 'm kind of surprised they admit to exploiting this irrationality . 
  especially because even the slightest indication that you thought they behaved like that netted you an immediate `` antisemite '' and `` conspiracy theorist '' label until now . 
  that 's a whole house of cards collapsing , they gave away multiple ways of exerting power for no good reason . 
  their name is `` martelfirst '' . 
  what do you think their angle is ? 
  if that study is trustworthy , this should be a top-level comment . 
  _ way _ too many unsourced claims and `` calculations '' in this thread . 
  what the corrections for income etc. 
  mean would also be very interesting . 
  and i 'm assuming the dotted line is `` finnish-speaking , finnish-born , finnish ethnicity '' ? 
  you 've never heard of `` the life of brian '' ?!, 
  that 's a huge gap in education !, 
  it 's on youtube : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3lgtvjp_5q watch the other monty python movies as well if you have n't seen them !, 
  you do know that there 's a long list of similar movies , right ? 
  `` i kina spiser de hunde '' , `` blinkende lygter '' and `` de gr\u00f8nne slagtere '' are probably the most famous ones , all highly recommended . 
  that message reportedly making rounds ...  if you see someone doing something stupid like raping someone , report them !, 
  sounds like satire . 
   somalis , for example , have four times higher risk of being victims of racist crimes like assault than native finns as does the article ... 
  srs defending prescriptive linguistics ? 
  never thought i 'd see the day ... 
  as i said , i was n't being too serious - maybe those news reports were simply false or public opinion is divided in a way that would make polls and personal judgment fail . 
  my above comment was flippant , so just to explain it : i was referring to reports that eupen-malmedy would prefer to return to germany in case belgium collapsed . 
  it 's not as hot a topic as it was a while ago , so do n't take it too seriously , but it 's probably the territory that is most likely to fall back to us , however unlikely it may be . 
  eh , we 'll just wait until we can buy them this time . 
  belgium , you 're first . 
  ( what they said is very true , it 's exactly what i do when i have an appointment . ), 
  i forgot reddit even has a threshold . 
   just for the record i 'm not downvoting you and i think it 's pretty shitty people are . 
  there is no way you could know if they 're being downvoted , the vote scores are still hidden and they have n't complained . 
  you 're just trying to con and manipulate your audience . 
  `` concern trolling '' is the term , i believe . 
  ... they are ? 
  then read the thread . 
     we 've come to expect by revanchist poles   you take it as a stance of entire society ... at least put a minimum of thought into your post if you accuse someone of being thoughtless . 
  edit : woohoo , just had my comment history downvoted for the first time !, 
  way to prove my point , people . 
  well , if you 're trying to say that your entire society is revanchist , there is n't much to debate is there ? 
  protip , do n't trust people who think the dark ages existed on history . 
  and the person who made the image clearly does . 
  `` polnische volkswagenfabrik '' is completely ordinary and standard wording . 
  nobody would think it means the factory is polish-owned . 
  you 're all making mountains out of nonexistent molehills . 
  i could n't care less if some foreigner uses it and who complains about that , but 80 % of the people supporting that campaing here are claiming `` germans are trying to whitewash their history '' . 
  that 's incredibly insulting , especially if it 's justified with something as harebrained as claiming that the wording implies polish guilt in german . 
  edit : does n't help that this is the level of argument we 've come to expect by revanchist poles . 
  officially , we bow and accept , but it evokes some rather unhappy memories in private . 
  according to wikipedia because black cloth was cheap , gold buttons were common , and red was their signal color for uniforms . 
  ( like the border of schulterklappen today . ), 
  it also looks nice . 
  and those creative americans read german newspapers ? 
  no , it would n't be . 
  i ca n't cite any grammatical rules , but it probably has something to do with an angriff being an action implying movement instead of a location . 
  no , most people would not . 
  they just do if it 's translated . 
  even worse , it states that the entirety of the history of germany and everything she stands for are to blame . 
  those colors are very important and a lot of blood has been shed for them in the last two hundred years . 
  both . 
  it refers to the napoleonic wars , not some crappy `` dark ages '' theory . 
  motto of luetzow 's freicorps . 
  it 's pretty simple - the luetzow 's freikorps bekame a symbol for the struggle against napoleon , the first time the spirit of nationalism became widespread in germany . 
  this led to the adoption of their colors by the urburschenschaft in jena , whose fracturing and subsequent ban became symbolic for the failure of the struggle to unite germany following the napoleonic wars . 
  this in turn led to them being used in the renewed attempt to do so in 1848 , as a means of rebelling against the forces which had initially banned the burschenschaft . 
  and the wartburgfest , the hambacher fest and 1848 became to be known as the origin of germany so their most widely used symbolic colors were later adopted for the weimar republic . 
  and the weimar republic as the first democratic nation encompassing germany became a role model for the later frg , which is why we still use these colors . 
   some people think there are no refugees , that there are only money grabbing migrants . 
  this is misrepresenting the situation , it 's used just as frequently by the other side with the connotation `` they 're here to stay '' . 
  ulfkotte is n't a `` leading journalist '' , he was during a different era . 
  he 's long gone off the deep end and is published by kopp , which regardless of political affiliation any well-educated person will see as a sign of untrustworthiness . 
  ( they specialize in sensationalist garbage supported by little fact if any . ), 
   you do n't understand how fallacies work , do you ? 
  congratulation , you just invented the fallacy fallacy fallacy . 
  i 'm fucking sick of hearing that word . 
   you 'd need to actually spend it on the people though tell that to a good portion of existing charities , you might be surprised at their reaction . 
  heh , that could be a nice spin for a new charity organization . 
  the people who scoff at the typical aid requests are a completely untapped market . 
  open a `` charity '' with the premise `` let 's all pay a little to keep those fuckers out once and for all '' and you could rake in some _ major _ cash . 
  yup , exactly . 
  you may also restrain them etc. , whatever is necessary . 
  once they become aggressive , standard self defense laws apply . 
  you read that on / r/news , did n't you ? 
  that 's only true in the worst parts of the us . 
  i 'm german , so i ca n't relate any personal experience , but i 'd translate the law that 's posted below such that it 's legal in cases of crime or misdemeanor punishable by jail . 
  petty theft probably is n't covered by that . 
  though i really do n't know how that can work in practice , means you can just take something and walk away - police are unlikely to seriously investigate petty theft . 
  edit : oh , and since you asked about other countries in general , i just looked it up for germany - anybody may apprehend someone who has just now committed a `` tat '' ( anything in any way illegal ) if they are likely to flee and their identity can not be ascertained . 
  force must be used in a proportional way . 
  wait , you have indigenous brits living a nomad lifestyle ? 
  that sounds ... weird . 
  edit : huh , had n't heard of irish travelers before . 
    there is no citizen 's arrest in france : the citizens can only in special cases forcibly bring a person to the police , and are not authorized to use force : the person may sue for - and win - compensation for any injuries . 
  i think .
