  on monday , this policy of vacating scheduled trains is said to be continued . 
  edit : crap , i only just now realized i should have archived the article ... thankfully , it has n't changed all that much . 
  other notable bits : - the trains will presumably be suspended until monday , 0600 - primarily - minister of the interior ( m.i. ), 
  says it 's important `` to limit the current inflow '' due to `` security concerns '' - dublin is to be upheld - refugees ca n't pick and choose according to m.i. 
  archive , finally - tech problems : https://archive.is/3m3or and damn it , they modified it again . 
  - germany `` is n't responsible for the largest part of refugees '' according to eu regulations , said the m.i. 
  - border controls are also supposed to be a signal to the rest of the eu about upholding regulations - the bit about upholding dublin was reinforced - ` arrival nations ' must process refugees [ and from my own viewing the conference : his demand for `` waiting zones '' in greece , italy and hungary was restated ] - no questions were allowed edit2 : the faz has published an interesting commentary on the situation by now . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/fluechtlingskrise/grenzkontrollen-das-gebot-der-stunde-13801225.html `` the order of the day '' notable bits : - germany - unlike other countries - is acting in accordance with european laws - a kind of state of emergency is in place , which we barely tolerate - the argument that an intervention in syria will worsen the situation is currently failing - refugees should be accommodated as close to their country of origin as possible - a concept that may have to be enforced with violence against local perpetrators - should the military be deployed in the interior to prevent conflicts ? 
  [ open , sorta rhetorical and provocative question ] [ sarcasm deriding officials ' abuse of the situation ] - hope for united european action and goddamn it , click the fucking link and `` comments '' button and do n't downvote this as a duplicate or out of spite . 
  i 'm getting fed up with the trigger-happiness of some myopically minded assholes here . 
  and pointing that out would n't be necessary if rome had not in fact fallen . 
  ... conveniently disregarding the reason for your pouting nickname . 
  polandball is funny , but do n't insert it into a serious context , please . 
  shitposting like that is even below the emotional `` arguments '' made by zealots . 
  the problem is that they pretty much have to go through munich anyway - it 's the major transport hub in the region , and you ca n't expect the bimmelbahn to transport tens of thousands . 
  and during the oktoberfest , the city 's transport system is _ completely _ overtaxed anyway ( you 'll usually have to stand in interregional trains like you would in the metro during rush hour ) , so this is a really big problem in practical terms alone . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  yeah , screw him for upholding laws that have been demanded to be adhered to by all of europe ... 
  interesting , so you use cyrillic or the latin alphabet interchangeably depending on context / content ? 
  i suspect there are _ very _ serious and heated discussions on what to report and how in respectable editorial departments in the past weeks , which probably delays reporting quite a bit . 
  only when one comes out with a piece , the others have no choice but to follow . 
  besides , respectable papers are n't usually that much in the `` breaking news '' business anyway - i do n't think there are many who would constantly refresh their page or are subscribed to some kind of feed . 
  faz reports it as breaking news . 
  http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/regierung-will-angeblich-grenzkontrollen-wiedereinfuehren-13800905.html edit : as do sz and zeit now . 
  public statement by the government is announced in 45 minutes . 
  edit2 : they made it into articles now --  seit ende august wurden in der stadt 63.000 fl\u00fcchtlinge gez\u00e4hlt - weit mehr als der freistaat bayern im jahr 2014 insgesamt aufnahm . 
   since the end of august , 63,000 refugees have been counted in [ munich ] - far more than the free state of bavaria received in 2014 in total . 
  ( it 's not clear whether they mean `` since september 1st '' or `` since some time towards the end of ausgust '' , could mean both . ), 
  _ damn _ , those are some numbers ... 
  i knew there were a lot , but it 's not even the middle of the month yet . 
  what the _ fuck _ compelled him to wear this suit ... 
  ha , that 's a great interpretation of the joke . 
  it may have to be modified a little to make it less one-sided - it could be a great commentary on both sides ' failures . 
  we have the same joke in varying versions , but usually with a frenchman being slapped . 
  also royalty like di or soraya . 
  i know his name , but his entire shtick is `` germans have no humor '' , apparently . 
  so he 's just not popular here because we do n't see ourselves that way - germans do indeed have a lot of humor , but it 's usually very dry , dark , absurd or subversive . 
  it 's not that different from british humor , actually ( there 's a reason why monty python are liked very well here ) , but harder to understand for non-germans because it often uses allusions to particularly german phenomena . 
  are those all different languages / dialects , or did they really just use a different font for every line ? 
  heh , funny , but not actually true , it 's just folk etymology . 
   the word , which was first documented in 1628 , signifies an insult towards a hulking , raw person . 
  the bread is a pretty good approximation of such a person in food form . 
  ( btw , if anybody who is actually interested in german reads this - this site is awesome and i did n't know it until last month . 
  do check it out . ), 
  as if `` lol '' was n't counterfactual enough , the french _ die _ every time they laugh . 
  it 's as if they _ want _ to keep the clich\u00e9s about them alive . 
  i 'm gon na stop now , i 'm just making myself depressed with my `` command '' of the language ... 
  ah , then i appear to have misunderstood what you were trying to say . 
  it sounded like you were talking about society in general , not a specific context . 
  i was n't antagonizing you , just reaffirming your realization . 
  it 's despicable how you lost your german heritage , really . 
  i mean , do you even _ know _ what pumpernickel is ? 
  it was apparently stickied by / u/norrisobe , not / u/dclauzel . 
  i do n't really see an issue with it , either , baguette is quite uncontroversial , awesome and cliche - i. e. perfect light sunday morning reading . 
  congrats , you just understood why latin is still taught in schools . 
  it 's not fraud , it 's a technical issue . 
  with some systems such as dsl , you have a direct and individual line to the next larger communication hub . 
  others , primarily those which are deployed in rural areas , have shared bandwidth - i. e. all traffic is collected at one point and _ then _ forwarded to the next hub , limiting individual speed if many people use it at once . 
  4g mobile networks do that , for example , and it 's common with cable as well . 
  the contract will mention that - my question was more about _ actual _ numbers in practice . 
   now leftist hipsters are already demanding that these illegal aliens are permitted to attend german universities ; _ ; with or without proper qualification ? 
  i see no problem if they are ( provably ) on the level of abitur graduates . 
  they might become people we actually _ could _ use in the future - there 's always a need for tech specialists , and i do n't think most of them would study sociology or the like . 
  yes , but my point was that you invalidate your opinion if you think you need to defend it by dishonesty . 
  because if it were defensible and if you were a marginally smart person , why would you have the need to resort to that ? 
  laziness is the only other explanation , which would n't exactly indicate that your opinions are worth considering . 
  everything is an opinion on the grand scale , but some are worthless . 
   you talk as if it is a competition and we are pitted against each other in any country , even in supposedly communist ones , the job market is a competition . 
  the qualifiers may vary , but do n't claim that there is any place on earth where everybody is the same . 
  ( and thank god for that , diversity is the salt of the earth . ), 
   sorry , i used racism as a collective term for critique against immigrants do n't . 
  you 're simply misusing a word for its impact if you do so , devaluing it in the process . 
  racism in its original definition is an easily dismissed concept ; when you screw up that definition by using it as a club to beat up your opponent , all you do is invalidate the word , making it harder to describe and combat the thought itself . 
  it 's important _ how _ you criticize something . 
  not to say this happened here , but there definitely are eristic `` criticisms '' that aim solely on discrediting something , regardless of logical or ethical validity . 
  `` expressing opinions '' becomes worthless once deception is your mo. 
  _ sounds like _ . 
  it 's not exactly like people had equal starting positions - as much as muricans like to believe they 're all temporarily embarrassed millionaires , starting from absolute zero is n't the best position for people to raise average wealth . 
  there will be a few gifted spirits who will make it , of course , but most people are n't gifted so the average ( or at least the median ) stays poor . 
  not really . 
  there are plenty of campaigns about how people in x live on less than y dollars a month , regardless of local purchasing power . 
  because while those `` local dollars '' might buy you a lot of grain or oil , the absolute amount isolates you from the rest of the world as you wo n't be able to afford things like building materials , leave alone luxury goods . 
   if you 're a black person in poland , you will draw attention . 
  oh my , the horror ... 
  i never saw black skin until i was twelve or thirteen - do n't you think it 's pretty natural that it would have drawn my attention ? 
  go to rural villages in far-away developing countries - the people will _ blatantly _ treat you as strange and novel as well if you have light skin or red or blond hair , and rightfully so . 
  my mind _ still _ jumps to `` why is that guy wearing a ski mask '' when i see a black man out of the corner of my eye . 
  that 's not `` racism '' , it 's simply a perceptive filter that developed when it was appropriate . 
  and poland as a whole is even more homogeneous than rural germany . 
  and we still have people screaming `` do it again '' in public protests ... 
  irish whiskey is shit . 
  problem solved , gim me a scotch . 
  the european left is still in love with russia . 
  somehow , they do n't seem to have n't noticed that communism fell . 
  or they 're just in line with whoever opposes the great satan . 
  unless you 're _ completely _ oblivious to human interaction , you know fully well what you said . 
  hell , i _ despise _ political correctness and i still choose my words more carefully than you - that means keeping them neutral ( in normal cases ) , trying to find diplomatic wordings , not ones that mean `` fuck your worthless military '' with a 90 % certainty . 
  i served myself and have several friends in the german military , and i see that attitude all the time - `` who cares , reactionary humankapital '' . 
  all while many , many people in the military actually believe in their mission and think they can help people where other measures fail .
