  of course the mental gymnastics are a bit ridiculous , but this is in no way a dangerous tweet . 
  and to arrive at that judgment , you have to consider her position as well . 
  she should have simply been removed from office while being publicly derided by the university , not struck with legal action over such nonsense . 
  unfortunately , the same climate that allows such sentiments to exist in the first place would also allow to describe deriding her to be racism , sexism , whaterverism - _ that 's _ the problem , and you wo n't be able to combat it by prosecuting one idiot who let herself be influenced by such a common model of thinking . 
  such relativistic viewpoints need to be rooted out - some thoughts simply are inferior to others , period . 
  that seems to be a weird trend in general in british ? 
  english-speaking ? 
  media - i 've noticed it several times before . 
  i do n't really understand why they do it , unless they consider their readers absolutely braindead and incapable of remembering more than three sentences . 
  ( you could attribute it to propaganda tactics , but then that 's the worst application of those we 've seen so far . ), 
  whenever they do that , i feel like they wanted to insult me for simply having opened the page . 
  awesome . 
  is the revolution hungry again ? 
  i hope cases like this will point out the absurdity of such policies even to those who commonly demand them . 
  `` sending threatening communication '' , come on ... she does n't look very threatening , more like a mop . 
  lucke himself did n't make or break the party , it was having members like henkel that made them appeal to voters from the center and center-right , i. e. the people who 'd have gotten it into a reasonably powerful position . 
  a friend of mine was one of their list members and joined exclusively for economic reasons ( being an economist ) , so through him and other party members he brought me into contact with i had quite a bit of insight into that wing 's rise and fall . 
  that 's the angle they should have pursued and it was the idea the party was founded upon . 
  it did n't work out partly due to selective incompetence when handling the real world ( always a weak point of technocracy ) , but the media campaign _ certainly _ played a major role . 
  `` auf rechnung '' means you get your wares first and pay afterwards . 
  it 's not unpopular because the customer wo n't have to fight to get their money for damaged goods back etc. 
  ( unfortunately , it 's also rare due to cases like this . ), 
  if you do n't pay , they start sending you something between an angry `` payment overdue '' letter and the russians . 
  seems like their sanity checking systems failed for whatever reason . 
  a bunker as my house ? 
  yes , please !, 
  a shame that they 're insanely expensive . 
  you did n't want to clarify anything with calling their concept `` extreme '' . 
  every western country _ does _ practice that approach to free speech , else all of pegida , front national , jobbik , golden dawn , half of italy , sweden democrats etc. 
  would be in prison . 
  inciting violence is completely different , and your examples are absurd and not connected to their stance at all . 
  ... is this the birth of the anti-stammtisch ? 
  the afd has since split and the new version is unelectable because they do n't have techocratic competence even as a fig leaf . 
  that 's what you get when you keep reiterating `` it 's a nazi party '' - it 's a self-fulfilling statement . 
  let 's see if lucke 's new creation makes it , but i doubt it ; the claims have tainted him as a person as well , he wo n't be able to rally economists any more . 
  polizeikommissar is a commissar , commissioner in this context would be polizeipraesident . 
  that 's france . 
  they do n't count when it comes to tearing nobility to shreds , financial or otherwise . 
  just in case you misunderstood , a german is accused of leaking it - katrin kunert of linke . 
  hard to tell for the whole word - could also be the ira , eta or various marxist etc. 
  rebels in se asia depending on your metric . 
  the red army faction , maybe ? 
  if they 're german , the raf might appear most famous to them . 
  ... ah crap , misread . 
  i was looking at the bamf 's report itself which does n't show current totals , so it 's hard to tell how the different stats are related . 
  at the end of 2014 , they list the number of total people of concern as 267 . 
  so we 're probably talking about _ completely _ different numbers here , no way there were only 267 refugees in total in the country at that point . 
  looks like a decision of any kind removes them from statistics , which makes it useless to compare with countries like lebanon that probably do n't have such elaborate bureaucratic processes . 
  in essence , they show the _ backlog of cases _ , not the number of people . 
  member of parliament since 1972 . 
  read this thread , that 's simply not true . 
  numerous others have already refuted that claim - apprentices are n't interns . 
  both in 2014 and 2015 , roughly one third were rejected ; and those numbers are those of claims , not of decisions which will , again , be significantly delayed ( 4 months on average ) . 
   but this is what she links to : http://www.huffingtonpost.de/2015/08/14/hass-kommentare-fremdenfeindlichkeit_n_7982786.html that article made me so mad i actually dreamed i was telling my mother about it last night . 
  ] ( http://img01.lachschon.de/images/berwachter-1184537957-medium.jpg ) no , thanks . 
  all other noteworthy sources report it , too , now , which according to the rules of journalism would mean they received independent confirmation ( afaik ) . 
   for example : if germany took in a quarter of all the refugees in lebanon ( roughly 288,000 people ) , it would have about 5 refugees per 1,000 people -- roughly the same percentage that canada has taken in , without much disruption . 
  this really makes me doubt the chart . 
  we had 100k in july and a bit more in august , and even more in september - which puts us above that number alone . 
  do they not count those whose refugee status has been accepted ? 
  by their figure , we have a total of 320k refugees in the country in total , which seems really low . 
  i ca n't find total official numbers , but the bamf reports 116k new claims in 2014 and 257k until august 2015 . 
  and claims are significantly delayed against entering the country so you probably have to add july , august and september on top of that ( i. e. the total number of refugees might be closer to 600k so far ) . 
  oppermann is the representative of his party 's members of parliament ( fraktionsvorsitzender ) , a position with a decent amount of gravitas . 
  that does n't really happen in germany , the ones who make their own studies and estimates are usually international groups like amnesty or such . 
  it 's news because a member of our parliament is accused of having leaked it ( and one this particular paper opposes politically ) . 
  op just appears to have considered the contents of the document itself more interesting for an international audience . 
  edit : ca n't find anything about it in other media . 
   you believe intelligence is something static . 
  if people cant they just cant . 
  in a reasonable timeframe and given a reasonable statistical distribution and location , yes , i absolutely do . 
  guess that 's where we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  i 've known quite a few people whose class bias required them to despise the interlectuals , but i always thought their counterparts were a myth ... well , guess i found one . 
  i 'm all for arrogance where it 's justified , but deriding the largest segment of any country is n't one of those things . 
  do n't need to be colorblind for that map to have only three stages ... it 's about as readable as a linear scale from white to black . 
  admiring the upper percentile does n't require deriding the lower . 
  claiming that jobs that only few people can do lay the basis for an economy _ is _ deriding the vast masses that make up the actual foundations for a country 's success while acknowledging their contribution is by no means an insult to those who command them . 
  the talent of the top few percent is _ directing _ the workforce , not being it . 
  and without something to direct , they 'd be useless . 
  a good system of education will aim to optimize _ both _ tiers , and making sure you have a solid base to build on is a requirement for even beginning to recruit a class of directors . 
  and what would the gods do without their clods ? 
  if your 95 % clods are superior to those of the rest of the world , your 5 % of gods will have a _ completely _ different amount of productivity in their projects . 
  trying to make all of your people part of those 5 % is stupid , and thus the other 95 % should n't be looked down upon , either . 
  not everybody is or can become a genius , no matter how much the left may go on about it `` being all due to education '' . 
  geez ... 
  i 've only seen the odd article from them and they seemed ... not great , but measured . 
  calling a syringe `` undeniably a penis '' certainly changes that impression . 
  the main thing this whole crisis has done so far , even in the light of all the other challenges , is probably bringing the incompetence of our politicians to light ... that statement is on par with merkel 's `` welcoming policy '' in terms of diplomatic tact . 
  thats great , thanks !, 
  good to know when you can put another source on the shitlist . 
  yeah , forested , but that does n't say much - all of our forests here besides the national parks are the green-browner equivalent of a wheat field . 
  afaik , scandinavia 's lumber industry is quite substantial so it would n't be unreasonable to think your forests are similar on a larger scale . 
   oh please , misrepresented . 
  i speak german , im not a retard . 
  i did n't say misrepresented , i said misread - and without context , misreading something is very easy . 
  that 's not an insult . 
  i initially began to write a point-by-point reply here , but it 's pretty stupid to do that to explain a polemic piece . 
  all the things you criticize are rhetorical devices to evoke emotions in the reader - yes , of course they 're unfair , but that 's the whole point of being polemic . 
  not a sentence of this article was written with the intent to deliver a reasonable description of the situation , it 's purely and unashamedly sarcastic , arrogant , opinionated bile . 
  but as such , it 's not badly written ( not great , either ) , and as i said you must compare it to their other articles to properly judge it .
