  and free therapists are lacking probably anywhere , but someone with serious issues will get preference - if your system is n't entirely different , it 's not a strict waiting line . 
  you may try to look for a phone line by your national psychotherapist association ( s ) or for local therapist group ( they usually organize for continuous medical education etc. 
  ) , those are usually informed who 's available at the moment or can get you an intake interview where you 'll be suggested a particular approach or therapist . 
  doctors at clinics are usually very well-connected , too . 
  those things have nothing to do with each other . 
  a lot of things are falsehoods , and i might ( internally ) call the people who say them idiots , but if they 're being polite they 're being polite . 
  politeness , a respectful tone _ and _ clinging to falsehoods is basically the essence of politics and diplomacy . 
  that 's a horrible idea , meds are just a temporary crutch - a psychotherapist is pretty much essential . 
  do seek one out , and `` shop around '' to see what person and style of therapy suits you . 
  i do n't know how the situation is in your country , but if you 're disabled due to mental reasons or if they contribute a lot , a voluntary stay in a clinic may be a good way to find your bearing on the latter . 
  here in germany , voluntary clinics are very pleasant and they usually have an array of therapists between which you can switch . 
  perhaps because you start with `` you racist '' and other things of that caliber right off the bat ... people from any political camp may downvote that if they 're in favor of a reasonable discussion . 
  and those same of course are n't going to read your sources , you have obvious extreme bias which makes them worthless . 
  ... south asia ? 
  indians are coming ? 
  tell them to bring food . 
  that 's like one munich or two frankfurts . 
  though the 1.5 m number looks doubtful . 
  yes , you did just obama ... let 's please keep the stranger danger paranoia elsewhere , ok ? 
   open source projects usually expect you to know your stuff . 
  they 're not there to hand hold you . 
  not entirely true , there often are forums associated with them where you can ask questions of other users ( who will often be interested in open source themselves ) . 
  of course , if you actually submit a patch it should work 100 % , i 've been burned by that before ... ( edit : also , learn git . 
  submitting patches in text form is apparently one of the worst fauxpas ' you can commit . ), 
  but a good way to get into things is code documentation - nobody really wants to do that , and it forces you to read other people 's code and understand it . 
  and it 's usually not hard even without understanding the entirety of the project . 
  why did you have to turn up the volume ? 
  people were discussing this in a friendly and respectful manner . 
  the guy who stated that if push comes to shove , he 'll requisition private property to house refugees on multiple occasions ? 
  hah , that 's nice . 
  yeah , judging people by where they 're from - typical ossi ... 
  the buergebraeukeller was demolished long ago . 
   i 'm sure you 're looking forward to the day nazi loses it 's stigma so you can leave your basement -  none of what you said makes you a nazi you can not possibly be _ this _ merkbefreit . 
  ( unless , of course , the message is that somebody does n't have to do anything at all in order to be a nazi in your eyes . 
  which seems more and more likely . ), 
  i 'm saying fear is irrational ( as it 's an emotion ) but can be justified with reason . 
  there 's a difference , that was my entire point . 
  i was n't commenting on how justifiable those fears are . 
  it 's just a natural instinct to rationalize your fears - staving off cognitive dissonance . 
  recognizing and explaining that does n't necessarily constitute subscribing to the justification . 
  and you 're one of the main proponents of that state . 
  of course it 's not _ helpful _ , but you ca n't just discard the fact with `` this is wrong and racist '' and that 's it . 
  irrational fears have to be adressed as well as rationally justifiable ones , fears are fears and inherently illogical . 
  yup , correct . 
  but op 's title is better anyway , the mere translation does n't tell you much about the situation . 
  typical welt sensationalism ... 
  rape the japs ? 
  the kind of person who reads the news ? 
  you mean your smug little circlejerk here ? 
  no reason to appreciatie it , you just jumped into an empty pool head-first . 
  there 's zero evidence of this being arson according to the article and heute , zeit , sz and faz do n't even mention the incident . 
  were this a biased submission from the other side , you 'd be screaming bloody murder how this sub is losing its standards , too ... 
  ... not one bit . 
  i do n't see any freikorps roaming the street yet . 
  so _ that 's _ what people got from my post ? 
  i was aware of the hypothesis , but thought it would be clear that i was referring to their archaic and simply wrong terminology . 
  that 's called [ apatheism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/apatheism ) . 
  ( scientific curiosity and being aware of history is n't constrained by it , that 's just called being reasonable . ), 
  where did they say that ? 
  yeah , _ that _ may prove somewhat more unpleasant . 
  second lunch meaning 10 o'clock break here . 
  and school was out at 12.30 usually , possibly beginning again at 14.00 ( iirc ) so there was plenty of time to go home . 
  hey now , we have dibs on argentina . 
  immigration : god 's way of teaching europeans balkan geography . 
  the `` dark ages '' never happened , please stop reiterating that nonsense ... 
  yes , obviously , this is like _ literally _ the preparation for holocaust v2 . 
  how do you people _ live _ with yourselves ?!, 
  there 's no way a `` let 's kill them all '' comment could ever be as aggravating as this kind of crap , at least they 're honest and straightforward instead of trying to manipulate people by dipping jews in shit and throwing them at their opponents until they stick . 
  _ plenty _ of people on this sub . 
   see an opportunity to make a financial `` killing '' . 
  it is believed that sums of more than $ 5,000 have changed hands in some of the deals . 
  this whole market is weird to me . 
  yeah , for 500k - alright , but who 'd go through all the effort and risk for a mere 5k ? 
  that 's not even enough to live for half a year even with very low standards . 
  that does n't sound like something amphetamines would cause . 
  amphetamine psychosis tends to occur only after prolonged and severe abuse and is rather uncommon . 
  and traffickers are n't usually people who 'd risk going on severe benders that might cause this due to sleep deprivation etc. 
  looking back , though , it having been buried by the sands of history might not have been the worst thing ... 
  look at those streets - sure they hired some extras , but a youtube channel obviously does n't have the resources to reflect vibrant city life . 
  so that 's what you get , an obvious facade . 
  or have you ever _ seen _ a city that empty ? 
  not much work per se , but as i said , i just ca n't think of a reasonable selection of words to graph . 
  when i was in school ... there was no lunch . 
  children ate at home and maybe brought a sandwich for second breakfast . 
  this entire debate is weird to me . 
  from what i read , that 's exactly what people advocate and the controversy is about a pork-free-but-with-meat option . 
  luckily _ decidedly _ less popular than 12 month ago on this sub . 
  no idea , but i ca n't think of a bug that would cause such selective problems . 
  do keep in mind it 's only the top 20 ( of meaningful words ) per country , though ( or likely closer to top 40 if you include the overall top 20 ) . 
  how does a quota increase competition ? 
  austria is n't less german compared to germany that souther germany is to northern germany . 
  they simply _ are _ german by culture , they just do n't want to rejoin us for political and historical reasons . 
  and apparently , the left are even worse at spelling ... 
  it 's fairly well-defined who 's on what side - not all of our media is left-leaning , take the faz , the third stations or at times the zeit and zdf . 
  if you read the sz or see the ard , you know you 'll have to be aware of their bias , but that 's not a bad thing . 
  ( admittedly , though , the left-leaning media leans further to left than the rest leans towards the right or other positions , which is unfortunate . ), 
   eu should work to remove any remnants of internal borders ( even the mental/cultural ones ) congrats , you win the prize for the first actually controversial idea i 've read when scrolling through the thread . 
  ( also the first truly insane one , but oh well . ), 
  - fjs, 
  eupen-maldmedy never forget gib clay,
