  just looked it up , germany has a lowered score because of our love of complaining , especially about politics . 
  but poland 's index must have been _ seriously _ miscalculated , because while they excel at low crime rate and education , their other ratings are medium to low . 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/poland/ http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/countries/germany/ so i would be really careful to take that graphic seriously . 
  edit : especially because it says `` better-life '' index `` by 10 indicators '' and shows the status `` by income ** or ** education '' . 
  fuck , that 's dishonest . 
  poland has an education rating of 7.9 vs our 7.6 , but an income rating of 1.1 vs our 5.1 . 
  not trying to bash the country here , i loved it there , i just thought the economist was a quality paper . 
  according to your `` better living '' data , the poorest poles have it better than the poorest germans , and we 're just slightly above the average . 
  just no . 
  i currently live off benefits for medical reason , and i have almost zero net worth . 
  yet , i do n't know what to do with all the money i get and i 'd be ashamed to take up the many additional offers the state would pay for . 
  it is seriously completely impossible that this data is accurate . 
  i 've been to poland , i have friends there , and while the country might be great in a lot of regards , their poorest 10 % do not live better than me . 
  also , there 's a strong left that agrees with everyone who opposes the us . 
  not sure why this immediately called astroturfing ... what must not be , can not be ? 
  depends on your definition of intelligence ... not to insult the mother in question , but i really do think that refusing boatloads of scientific double-blind studies because someone said something different some 200 years ago does n't exactly speak for someone 's intelligence . 
  when presented with significant contradictory data , anybody who even remotely considers themselves reasonable should reevaluate their position , period - whatever that position may be . 
  or in other words , she may very well be intelligent in a robot-like and purely mathematical way . 
  but anyone who believes in homeopathy is far from being an inquisitive mind , which is one of the central aspects of intelligence to me . 
  a barstool does n't automatically fall over if you 're motionless , at least up to .3 bac or so . 
   people have died from falling off their bikes while motionless . 
  yeah , and a guy in my basic military training died from jumping , falling and breaking his neck . 
  if only he had worn a helmet ... 
  that support is more-or-less covert , though . 
  you do n't hear news stories about conflicts between a western-backed albania and other places very often , while even minor conflicts between us / russia / china / eu usually fill the front pages for days or months . 
  and i was talking about public appearances and the symbolic value of acts such as albania 's support for sanctions , so covert support does n't really matter in that context . 
  of course , you could see this from a perspective of the cold war 's proxy wars , but those are much less prevalent today and i do n't perceive albania as that kind of blatantly obvious pawn state . 
  ( maybe they are , but again : appearances . 
  i keep up with a lot of news from different countries ' outlets , so i would have noticed if it was actually obvious . ), 
  ... what are you on about ? 
  neither the us nor russia can do very much locally , because most everything they do will be picked up as a threat on the other side of the world . 
  not so much the case with albania , is it ? 
  i do n't think that really matters . 
  conflicts like these are regional , and while they 're not exactly in the spirit of the eu , openly supporting such a globally relevant policy is a completely different animal . 
  ( and do n't equate albania 's actions with russia 's , if that 's what you went for . 
  from an isolated perspective they may act similarly , but who does something is sometimes much more important than what that something is . ), 
  and the warding spell the geniuses cast over it takes its time as well . 
  meh , i was in psychiatry with a psychotic murderer . 
  do n't think low-profile criminals will shock me any more . 
  modern one in villingen-schwenningen : http://studentenwohnheim-vs.de/userfiles/image/strack-klingk-slh--3047.jpg 370 euro total . 
  munich : http://www.ewv-muenchen.de/assets/images/pc18072002.jpg that 's a upper-class example , though , of course germany has old and more expensive dorms as well . 
  the zagreb one would be on the low end if you have the room to yourself . 
  hm , given the right materials , i 'm sure you can let sunlight in while maintaining the look . 
  for instance , i read about translucent concrete recently , and i 'm sure you could make a two-way mirror that looks like concrete as a window . 
  we have so much free beer that people always ruin the pictures on the wall by running into them . 
  they win . 
  can you eat cockroaches , actually ? 
  i 'm not averse to eating other insects , and they look rather meaty . 
  also , given their hardiness and efficient procreation , someone could try introducing them to places where insects are eaten anyway and people have little food . 
  imagine them as tiny pigs that just run around your house . 
  that 's why i only go shopping once a week . 
  if you buy seven bottles of whiskey , they 'll just assume you 're hosting a weekly poker tournament or so . 
  wow , i 'd _ love _ this . 
  low rent for meeting interesting people ? 
  i 'm in . 
  ( i 'm also allowed out . ), 
  why would any estonian willfully revere a soviet symbol as their national heritage ? 
  are they nor like other people from the baltics ? 
  because as far as i know , there 's been an extremely deeply rooted hate between them ever since 1990 ( at least ) , even more so than between the russia and eastern europe . 
  but why do the ethnic estonians still think that ? 
  i still have to meet any inhabitant of the baltics that _ does n't _ have to keep themselves together when anyone says the word `` russia '' ... 
  you may want to look into ordering from germany , we pay ~ 25 euros for 1 liter 96 % drinking quality . 
  i 'm sure there are even cheaper options . 
  unlikely , we have the same stereotype in germany . 
  ( we earned that one , though . ), 
   however , it has become a national drink of sorts over the time it 's been around , so i ca n't really condemn people taking it for an ancient estonian thing . 
  it certainly is a symbol of our country in the former ussr . 
  these two sentences are _ seriously _ confusing together . 
  `` oh come on , they 're not interested in you if you 're not doing something illegal !, 
  who cares if you end up in a giant pile of data !, 
  so stop circlejerking , reddit ! '', 
  but at the moment , we are dragging along useless procedural ballast by maintaining three separate production lines at the same time . 
  that makes even less sense . 
  what does this have to do with forcing someone to adhere to the principles of a religion ? 
  it 's just another method of killing that has obviously been accepted by numerous authorities , so it 's not a strange move to implement it universally and make the system simpler by eliminating the other procedures . 
  to me , it has nothing to do with religion , i just do n't care if i eat meat blessed by a muslim . 
   recent research  mirror test right . 
  i also would n't mind if just _ all _ meat were to be produced that way and we could stop bickering about this . 
  there are more important issues with immigration than that - a medically sound , quick , lengthwise slicing of the jugular is one of the most peaceful deaths i can imagine . 
  i 'd just call that ` recovery ' . 
  at least we also expanded our learning to spying on people . 
  i called whom what now ? 
  and the looney left is an actual thing . 
  once they try and torch your friends ' house , you to may think a little different about that . 
  and no , not every left-winger does that , i 'm not that retarded ... the above was obviously not completely serious in a way that you 'd write it in an essay . 
  meh , i did n't expect any other kind of reaction . 
  the aggravated incoherence in your comment betrays your supposedly intellectually superior position , tough . 
  would n't the rational person you seem to consider yourself to be restrain themselves from an emotional response to someone who obviously wanted to provoke that exact display ? 
   watch pmqs [ 1 ] , i heard that some americans do it for entertaiment . 
  is acclamation a rule in british parliament ? 
  because that seems seriously nuts from a german view . 
  germany has an ... \\* ahem \\* ... history with censorship . 
  and unlike other peoples , it seems we have actually learned from it . 
   the second comment comes across as merely left-wing ,  nothing irrational about his statement, 
  same in germany . 
  aka . 
  `` progressive humanists '' . 
  but it actually is a baby or preteen child , at least the one i know . 
  it looks like the angels from baroque statues , a chubby infant with wings . 
  we almost have it , but in a typically german manner , people are very slowly and laboriously debating the financial implications without making a moral outrage of it like other countries would do .
