  there 's simply no way of telling based on this data - it 's entirely irrelevant to your point . 
  even funnier how you pretend the graph has anything to do with your post . 
  it ends long before she even made that statement , plus the number of asylum seekers lags behind the number of refugees to a significant degree . 
  for all that graph tells us , the number could have quintupled the next month ... 
  1 euro jobs are pure arbeitsbeschaffungsmassnahme - they 're pretty useless and just keep people somewhat active so they do n't become depressed . 
  they create minor jobs specifically for this purpose . 
   i ca n't quite believe this subreddit is the same one i joined a few years ago when it was all pro-europe and let the good times roll . 
  quoting op ... 
  neither do the refugees , or do they ? 
  and they get pretty similar benefits to alg2 so they 're in pretty much the same situation with a one euro job . 
  great , one cirlejerk leaves , the other takes over . 
  nothing gained , nothing lost . 
  change we can believe in !, 
  i thought that was just like for video games and how you had to make all blood green so people would think you were only shooting aliens or something . 
  nah , that 's the federal office for rating media harmful to youth . 
  ( it 's a mouthful even in german . ), 
  they can put media `` on the index '' , which means that it 'll only be accessible to adults . 
  unfortunately , that results in video games companies self-censoring so they do n't harm their sales . 
  the press code is published by the council of the press , which consists of major publishers and the union of journalists . 
  there are several points which could apply in the case of violence , foremost the `` prime principle '' that the press has to respect human dignity ( amongst others ) and that `` sensational depictions of violence , brutality and suffering '' are not to be published . 
  it 's an ethical guide that applies solely to journalists and covers all areas of journalistic activity . 
   if it 's real life it 's real life , it should n't be censored by the government . 
  it 's not censored by the government , the council of the press is independent ( hence why bild does n't adhere to it ) . 
  and there 's a difference between making `` real life '' images available to those who know what they will be looking at and forcing them on an unsuspecting reader . 
  nice accusation - and delivered with such certainty !, 
  - , but if there 's a discrepancy between the title and the quoted bit i do n't see it . 
  and that 's just wheat beer ; it 's more common for that breakfast than other beers , but generally served when you drink slowly and relax . 
  ( it 's more filling than lager and the like . ), 
  that has probably more to do with better economic perspectives - look at the east for the opposite . 
  just because your president is a muslim does n't mean you 're a majority muslim country now . 
  yes , i will aspire to better myself by following in your footsteps . 
   i don \u00b4 t know this source i should really stop talking to people with german flair on this sub ... 
  this is from cbs according to this thread . 
   could you fucking not ? 
  wow , i 've never seen anyone use that phrase seriously . 
  can you still even ? 
  do n't bother , some people are used to applying that `` tactic '' whenever possible in germany because it 's effective here . 
  shame that they seem to make up 90 % of germans on this sub . 
  oh jesus christ , you 're _ still _ here ? 
  we have enough idiots native to europe , there 's no need for reinforcements ... 
  it does n't really matter either way . 
  as a parallel - in a recent case in germany , low-income housing was torn down and the people there resettled to shoddy emergency shelters to make room for a state-of-the-art refugee shelter . 
  of course the political realities behind that are far more complex than it appears at first glance , but appearances matter in politics more than anywhere else . 
  and there is probably no better way to make ordinary , but already disenfranchised people into anti-migrant radicals than to house those in better shelters than they themselves can hope for . 
  it 's unbelievably idiotic how this entire thing is being handled here . 
  curiously hell-bent on making the whole world adhere to us society 's pc rules , just with free speech being outlawed . 
  or , you know , progressive . 
  veal , bacon , calf 's head , ice , salt , parsley , pepper , and potentially lemon , macis and / or onions , according to wikipedia . 
  best sausage there is , period . 
  the multitude of caricatures that make up siggis personality . 
  considering that i can still stuff myself with mett , no it would n't per se . 
  but do n't anyone dare change that . 
  yeah , right . 
  ] ( https://blauweissblog.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/weisswurst-frucc88hstucc88ck-tipps.jpg ), 
  that 's for _ applicants _ , not people who have already been accepted . 
  they get housing + 360 + whatever is available from communal services or donations . 
   this name means ` ruler of the home ' , from ` haim ' ( home ) and ` rich ' ( powerful ) . 
  you forgot the `` at home '' part . 
  seems even your name demands adherence to the monroe doctrine . 
  the raf were undeniably terrorists , and their primary objective was not to cause fear but to `` expose '' the state as covertly fascist by provoking overreactions to their attacks . 
  that may very well be achieved by such a single attack . 
  so while the word itself may refer to instilling fear , it has been used much more broadly in the sense of `` politically motivated guerilla violence '' for a long time . 
  it might come as a surprise to you , but `` learning to read '' does not describe learning the literal action of scanning letters with your eyes . 
  sarcasm , satire , persiflage and the like work over the internet just as well as in any other kind of text . 
  you 're probably one of the people who 'd have taken `` a modest proposal '' seriously ... 
  it 's against the german press code . 
  and you 'll be hard-pressed to find any violent images in most of the german media - most of our news outlets care a lot about not being distasteful and tread very carefully when someone 's dignity might be at stake . 
  they self-censor very differently than anglo media - no problems with tits or mohammed cartoons , but no torn off body parts or witch-hunts against the accused . 
  edit : on a lighter note , this illustrates the difference : http://www.igosana.ch/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/bwgbipaiqaakaog.jpg ( from switzerland , but same concept . ), 
  yeah , the british yellow press is definitely on a wholly different level of classlessness than ours . 
  this has to be the most absurd reasoning i 've ever heard in this context . 
  you simply want to use the power of the word `` racism '' more widely and thus make up an entirely arbitrary definition that allows you to do so . 
  you ca n't just redefine `` race '' in a reddit post when it has been used in the same way in regard to humans for 150 years - and that is as an umbrella term for a group of ethnicities . 
  really no surprise that you folks smell agenda and conspiracy everywhere when that 's enough to trigger you . 
  it 's cute how you immediately lump me in with `` anti-refugee sentiments '' just because i despise both vice and op 's method of presentation . 
  maybe you should reflect on your prejudices . 
  but it 's vice news , one of the most respectable institutions of our time !, 
  and how can you not believe an image with superimposed text ? 
  you seriously think our pc shitposters would even use the _ word _ `` ostgebiete '' ? 
  do n't be daft ... people are talking about what _ inspired _ those terrorist attacks . 
  if a christian group were to commit terror attacks _ for religious reasons _ , that would make them a christian terror group , otherwise they 're just a terror group who happens to be christian . 
  the raf was n't an `` atheist terror group '' , either ... 
  that person made one post in / r/europe before and you think that 's enough to put them in a camp and accusing them of being part of an awful collective `` you '' ? 
  and you then have the gall to complain about ad hominems ? 
  as i said before , opinions are n't bought wholesale - just because they said one thing you dislike does n't mean you can pidgeonhole them with anybody else . 
  i 'll sure visit it to post my word analysis stats , and i 've seen other people running statistics bots here that 'll likely use it as well . 
  it 's not just for complaints . 
  ( that said , as mentioned above , it would n't be nice if such innocuous things were to disappear into a sub nobody uses from now on . ), 
  please be sure to advertise it !, 
  it would be a shame if only a specific subset of people gathered there , which would make the term ` meta ' somewhat paradoxical . 
  the major advantage of having meta threads in a subreddit itself is that the whole userbase will be aware of them , but if that is somewhat guaranteed having more structure is always nice . 
  and let 's just hope that reddit gets the filters implemented asap , would solve so many problems . 
  i think you replied to the wrong person . 
  oh , you seem to be a pleasant person . 
  please go back to yelling at the other guy , you fit very well together . 
   fair enough . 
  but a completely different issue than we were discussing . 
  we were n't discussing anything before , different user . 
   i 'm yet to see a reasonable rightist being called a nazi by leftists . 
  you 've _ got _ to be joking .
