  `` portugal '' ... as if there was a country even less important than belgium . 
  the difference being that you could n't keep your boats afloat . 
  so it 's a good thing you at least protected your forests when cutting them down did n't yield any power projection . 
  i. e. you have four trees now ? 
  or they just sail , it 's not that hard to dock into a port with just momentum if you 're in a small boat even if you have little sailing experience . 
  the bumpers absorb _ a lot _ of shock , you just have to aim where to go and assume your ship does n't implode from the impact . 
  would n't want to try it with one of those giants with multiple masts , though . 
  both your stats and the left 's are so comically biased that any sane person will just feel dizzy and say `` screw it , i 'm interested in something else today '' ... 
   naming laws - allowing citizens of a country to only name their children by choosing a name from a list of allowed first names - are one , fairly innocent , example of assimilation oriented policies . 
  nonsensical example . 
  germany has such laws to prevent burgerkingemperor mchitler children , but you can name as many of them muhammad as you like . 
  at that scale , people care fuck all about money in the literal sense . 
  i 'm sure he 'd gladly spend all of his fortune to become dictator for life - power is much more interesting than just money . 
  but the economy crumbling is diminishing his power in the world , which he will definitely care about . 
  yeah , i mean you had a guy whose byname was literally `` the terrible '' for a while . 
  reminds me of the gdr 's definition - the wall was an `` anti-fascist rampart '' according to their terminology . 
  supremely satirized by the party die partei , demanding an anti-fascist rampart when neo-nazist violence was on the rise after the union . 
   you could say the same thing of germans if we look at their recent history then . 
  not really , the german condition is the lack of and the fight for unity . 
  now that we 're reunited with the east and former greater germany mostly is n't germanic any more outside our borders , the country is much more at rest . 
  you could look at that past as similar to birth pains and the follies of youth . 
   edit : very interesting and well-put arguments btw thanks , but that 's because it is n't mine . 
  iirc it 's from a critic 's description of dostojevski 's work . 
  there are plenty of comments referring to the issue whenever something related comes up , such as , well , yours . 
  the threads themselves probably did n't gain much traction because it 's really more of a / r/worldnews thing . 
  the russians are n't `` great people '' per se - as said in another thread , i think it can be summed up as `` beaten children '' . 
  they 've got great potential for extreme emotions of any kind and can very much enjoy life and share that feeling , but are also used to suffering and expect nothing of the future . 
  at least that 's how they 've been characterized in literature for a few hundred years , and judging from what i 've seen and know it still is true . 
  and the su probably did n't help with that condition , either . 
  it can be very nice to share their company , true , but it 's also an extremely volatile and borderline dangerous state to be in . 
   it is now clear , that putin does n't give a shit about any sanctions or political dialogue . 
  sooner or later , he 'll have to . 
  the chair is crumbling under his ass , the ruble lost 20 % just last week . 
  it 's enforcably by people themselves - if they see you taking pictures of them , they can come up to you and threaten to call the police . 
  you also can not publish any of those pictures without risking a cease-and-desist . 
  that 's the concept behind it . 
  ( of course , it 's different once an individual `` disappears in a group '' , so it does n't apply to merely taking a picture of the inner city . ), 
   by that logic taking a photo of me infringes on my copyright ( my hairstyle , my makeup , my clothing etc ) ... you ca n't take pictures of people without their explicit consent in germany anyway . 
  privacy reasons , not copyright . 
  ( and that article is ridiculously bad , in case you did n't read the other comments in here ... pure speculation what a law might entail in the most absurd cases . ), 
  same thing about the welt . 
  unsurprisingly , the article has zero news content and just speculates on potential consequences ( and `` reports '' that `` someone else thought so as well recently '' ) . 
  people really should n't trust that paper as much as they do , seems their strategy of packaging boulevard crap into a lot of words is working ... 
  agreed , but the same should apply to all other sources about which that can be said . 
  news articles posted here should be as neutral and well-founded as possible so people can make up their own mind . 
  utc of course , you pleb . 
  shame it 's not in seconds since the epoch represented in binary . 
  what they quoted - that one was not allowed to claim that cultures could be incompatible . 
   the moderators will have to constantly manage the frontpage well ... yeah , that 's what they do . 
  they 're mods . 
  report duplicates if you want to help them out . 
  it 's colloquially called a shadowban because it has the same effects - you yourself can still see the comment , but nobody else can , and it 's instantaneous . 
  ( or almost instantaneous , i 'm not sure how automod processes its queue . ), 
   play the ball not the man . 
  i 'm all in favor of that approach , usually - i despise the common `` shut up , racist '' in discussions that have nothing to do with racism . 
  but you have to admit that you may be looking at this through a distorted lens . 
  _ everyone _ does that to a degree because they care about certain issues in a different way , and it 's important to admit to yourself where this may be the case and refrain from making absolute statements . 
   ivashkin is being disingenuous when he talks about people gleefully posting away about `` subhuman savages '' . 
  i 'm not so sure if you 're exactly the right person to judge this . 
   if there are some legit trolls unbanned , they will be swiftly banned again anyway . 
  plus troll accounts tend not to stay active for a long time anyway , so they probably wo n't even notice they 've been unbanned . 
  what . 
  the . 
  i maybe expected some gradual changes and course adjustments because the situation was obviously not sustainable , but this is extreme . 
  thank for all your changes !, 
  and the `` topic flooding '' problem can easily be handled - / r/worldnews just tags duplicate posts as `` already covered '' , and i think it would be possible to remove the vote buttons for such posts by css . 
  if you want , i can take a look at it , if it 's handled responsibly i 'm sure it would n't spark discontent . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's what i meant with `` short-lived '' . 
  as for the current situation , it 's hard for me to understand the power balance between your prime minister and president ; here , the chancellor has the power and the president is the ceremonial wise man , which makes interpreting the situation a bit easier . 
   you mean more like `` progressive '' no . 
  leftism does n't have a monopoly on progressivism , if such a thing even exists as a logical concept . 
  ( many conservatives are progressive - `` handing on the flame instead of preserving the ashes '' . ), 
  what about european liberals , for the easiest example ? 
  calling them `` right-wing '' is incredibly misleading as they are only `` right '' economically but very much `` left '' socially . 
  it 's a completely moronic dichotomy anyway . 
  `` progressive '' is a left-wing us combat term saying `` we 're the _ good _ guys !, 
  well , good choice . 
  i did n't have that much confidence in the poles ' votes since they threw out kaczynski . 
  may be short-lived , though . 
  poles have a ( now jokingly cliche ) reputation of being thieves . 
  yup . 
  it 's a justification for things like sending troops to secure peace or engineers to build infrastructure , but not for permanently taking in their people ( which is harmful instead of helpful to a society ) . 
   based on what i 'm reading in this thread , it seems most people here do n't accept this . 
  i do n't get why some are n't in favor of granting genuine asylum . 
  it 's in the best of christian-european tradition and thus something that should n't be challenged by anyone between center-left and staunchly nationalist-conservative . 
  ( the far left probably wo n't either . ), 
  illegal immigrants and `` fake '' asylum seekers , those are the ones we can disagree on . 
   if she was really shy and hiding away i guess that 's different no , he told them . 
   you say `` people do n't and ca n't know that '' but then how did you know ? 
  i did n't , it was an experience that i obviously did n't discuss any further . 
  and neither did i claim it was representative , no need to become agitated . 
  this is just an example of the ambiguity of perception i was basing my entire post on in the first place . 
   istanbul turks can literally be anything i do n't know enough to `` classify '' any of them , but they are from wealthy backgrounds , came to germany to study and stayed to live here in their 30s and 40s . 
   i have never in my life have seen or heard anyone in turkey doing that before . 
  that 's seriously some really weird stuff and sounds very dodgy . 
  definitely not a part of our culture even with the conservatives . 
  that 's partly my point : people do n't and ca n't know that . 
  but of course , that experience stuck with me , and i would at least have been wary of other turks i perceived as conservatives . 
  i also know some very well integrated or partly assimilated turks .
