  this ca n't possibly mean what it says on the cover if the man has any kind of power . 
  ( referring to the full list . ), 
  it 's probably a sisyphos task to avoid offending people who become offended over that kind of distinction , particularly if you 're a foreigner . 
  used to be like that in swabia as well , you could tell what village someone was from by their accent according to various old ( er ) people i spoke to . 
  `` little somalia '' = `` small-scale equivalent of a failed state '' . 
  well , according to the user i replied to , your little somalia is reason for europeans to think about their guilt , they did n't say anything about corruption ... 
  shut up until normal people want to live in detroit again . 
  you do n't even need immigrants to fuck yourself over . 
  are you seriously judging europe 's politics by what 's happening in the us ? 
  i knew leftists were globalists , but claiming that anything that happens in that madhouse has something to do with european social policy has to be a joke , voluntarily or not . 
  it 's shameful that people of countries who commonly regard themselves as christian or at least rooted in christian tradition would poll to the low side of the second position . 
  `` what you have done to the least of my brothers , you have done to me . '', 
  they probably should have used the subjunctive , but be honest , how many native speakers even do that ? 
  it always sounds so contrived , and many people here probably learned english from tv etc. 
  where they use colloquial phrasing instead of `` proper '' english . 
  summarily speaking , do n't overinterpret someone 's grammar , there are enough users who struggle with the basics and demanding 100 % correct posts just makes `` ordinary '' people unwilling to comment . 
   zero conditional interesting , that 's a pretty weird rule i was n't taught in school - i do n't think it 's readily apparent to many foreigners . 
  it appears to say the opposite of the literal meaning . 
  [ i used such constructs myself numerous times without knowing what i was `` actually '' saying . ], 
  oh , i 'm not contesting that , though i 'd rather say something like `` it 's sad and troubling they apparently feel the need to do so '' - `` fucked up '' is quite aggressive . 
  i like you . 
  unlike others who share your positions and methods , you 're quite entertaining . 
  more precisely , they appear to support the lesser evil which fights off the bigger evil because they perceive the not-evil to be incapable / unwilling / etc to do so . 
  they presumably used `` even if '' as `` i 'm not commenting on her racistness '' to avoid that exact pointless `` debate '' . 
  `` also , suckling pig is n't pork and if you drink under the table , allah ca n't see it . '', 
  well , a bird in the hand ... 
  i was focusing more on the methods and codex than on the retardedness . 
  they simply play a completely different sport . 
  comparing them is like comparing a ffa cage fighter to a tae kwon do practitioner . 
  tbh , i do n't know enough to make definitive statements here , but i was using the philharmonic picture as `` bombing white civilians '' . 
  politically motivated bombings of official buildings , police / military etc ( which would fit separatists ' usual mo ) are a wholly different animal . 
  the composition of those ghettoes may play a role as well . 
  have n't heard of militant blacks bombing the detroit philharmonic . 
  their sole mo is appealing to emotions with loud , popular and ineffective policy proposals while completely ignoring the political realities . 
  they 're as far from realpolitik as it gets in germany , and we have a _ really _ strong contender on the opposite end of the spectrum . 
  your `` controlling national borders '' is a good example for the kind of arguing i 'm talking about : it 's an absolute null statement as ( almost ? ), 
  every party wants to do that and we 've been doing it forever , yet you suggest `` it must be done ! '', 
  without even hinting at something concrete . 
  ... yes ? 
  tu quoque or what ? 
  if you 'd put a zero and a dot in front of both those numbers it would paint a healthy picture . 
  and give the 20 % to a fictitious liberal party . 
  that 's pure wishful thinking . 
  they have literal terrorists at their rallies , ffs ... and that 's not ever counting the ones who supported a literal dictatorship . 
  but i 'm _ sure _ they 've all seen the light . 
   i 've heard they come across as intellectual . 
  they did once , the early party was composed entirely of high-level economists . 
  but things turned sour , populists seeing it as a welcome opportunity to spread their ideas moved in and the others left . 
  now everybody who always said so can reinforce their claim that `` they 're literally the nazi party '' without reproach , and the people who support that new stance can claim they only vote for them because the name has competence attached . 
  yay media - turns out that screaming `` they 're nazis '' with foam at your mouth for a year makes morons take the rudder . 
  yeah , just like i `` do n't understand '' how someone ca n't understand the alemannic swiss or austrians . 
  but apparently , it 's just noise to our northern brethren . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's a fine example of how dutch may be misunderstood by germans . 
  i have to channel my inner renaissance to even try to understand you , and i struggle with our own language from that time . 
  [ not to mention that i 'm a few hundred kilometers to the south so i have no reference points in dialect . ], 
  hm , i read it as `` practical problem '' , not as `` fundamental problem '' . 
  could be interpreted either way , but it 's pointless tho complain about the fundamentals of chemistry . 
  `` aussondernde gewalt '' - `` separating force '' . 
  then make such details clear in the future , please . 
  sorry , there are far too many people here who do n't even care to explicitly dismiss statements from any official body about anything due to their own bias telling them `` my opponents are lying anyway '' , i mistook you for one of them . 
  ffs , if the police president of hannover explicitly states that there were plans to detonate an explosive there , it 's not `` a rumor '' . 
  it may be false information , that 'll have to come up , but do n't try to paint this as if people were exaggerating some vague hearsay . 
   i 'm just getting increasingly kissed off with these people [ ? 
  ] ( http://beta.images.theglobeandmail.com/static/world/charlie_hebdo/kissing_hebdo.jpg ), 
  it 's really funny to read the biased remarks about them from both vocal sides in this conflict . 
  they 're simply shit , they publish nonsense from whatever side as long as it brings them some clicks . 
  but they seem to change their polarity so often that half of their articles escape the respective warriors . 
  that is certainly not `` the problem '' , i was making explosives for fun when i was 16 . 
  it 's absolutely impossible to restrict the market to such a degree that no chemicals that would produce an explosive reaction would be available to the public - even if something requires a license , go to the nearest chemical plant and they 're likely to have barrels of everything you need to make something go boom . 
  and many of those chemicals are simply vital to certain industries . 
   it 's a very effective way to show people that the daesh cutthroats ca n't be stopped by infidels . 
  ... but it is n't . 
  it certainly _ would _ have been if they had been successful , but it was n't . 
  i ca n't really think of a reason to orchestrate an intentionally busted attack right now . 
   she drew a parallel between the paris attacks  the decades-old israeli-palestinian conflict was a factor of radicalisation how is a site whose writers do n't even know what `` parallel '' means so popular here ?!, 
  tabloids at least often masterfully manipulate with their language choices , this is just pure incompetence . 
   having that said , is it not especially important that the guardian starts to publish these kind of articles ? 
  _ if _ it becomes a trend . 
  every paper has an editorial slip-up once in a while . 
  nah , belgium says they 're on ps4 . 
  it 's really easy to spin ( as seen in this thread and by it being written by thinkprogress ) and is ultimately meaningless as long as they have n't concluded their investigations . 
  that makes it pointless to comment on , all you 'll get is counterspin or circlejerking as nothing of substance can be said . 
  a son usually stays a son no matter what . 
  neither do both you and others being provocative exclude each other not have i ever made a factual statement about the migrant crisis itself but a single one which received no responses or votes . 
  i usually just concentrate on the meta level - until people like you are gone , no discussion is possible , anyway . 
  nice try , though ... 
  that people usually do n't take too kindly to your incessant provocations is n't exactly surprising . 
  you ca n't possibly think people do n't usually talk with you in such a reasonable way because they 're just like that . 
  on the contrary , it 's pure generosity to treat you that way . 
  not to mention they probably caught the stupidest of all of them . 
  what frenchman with islamist ties and an iq above that of a banana would keep weapons in his house _ now _ ? 
  somebody give dclauzel a bump on the head , please , i think he 's stuck in an endless loop . 
  that 's from january and it 's been posted here like five times before . 
  a place that has the section `` analysis '' contrasted with `` apologetics '' can not be taken seriously . 
  do n't jump to conclusions , it could be completely normal language in norway ... and it 's rather unlikely they actually meant we should shoot everyone there . 
  it 's a platitude , why would we want more of those ? 
  i 'm not sure if you 'll understand , though , you drop the pretentiousness and go to emotionally charged accusations right away ... 
  red my post before getting rude , please ... 
  because it _ might _ not be the best time for that thread ...
