  geez guys , i know you 're angry about the refugees , but that 's taking it a bit far . 
  try www.startpage.com ( with appropriate options ) - it removes the google bubble and anonymizes your search . 
  whoa , that seriously is the best polandball comic i 've ever seen . 
  _ lots _ of insight into the german soul . 
  thanks for posting it !, 
  yeah , extend that to `` once or twice or thrice '' . 
  signing a sarcastic post means approving its methods . 
  even if that user had be of my own opinion , i 'd have criticized them for setting the tone of an entire thread to `` shitty '' . 
  nobody should discriminate in that regard - shitty arguments , behaviors , tactics stay shit no matter where they come from . 
  then do it in a straightforward , critical , productive way if you care about things at all , and not like this . 
  i 'm getting fed up with having to read through multi-meta-layers of sarcasm to get an idea of anyone here is trying to deride . 
  the thing that bothers me most about / r/europe today is n't the specific content - i 'm all for a very critical look on the refugee crisis - , but that it 's full of bile , deception and smugness from both sides of the aisle . 
  it makes it really hard to understand what 's actually going on - i 'd have no problems talking to extremists from either side if they just were straightforward and told me what they think instead of vaguely implying what might be bad about the other side 's thoughts . 
  but responding positively to someone who talks like that is the opposite of productive . 
  it might give you the short-term feeling of community , but all this smugness is doing is riling up anyone who disagrees . 
  you `` calling a spade a spade '' in response to someone who does the same is going to come across as `` arrogant assholes looking down on us again '' , just like the other side circlejerking over `` calling a spade a spade '' comes across as `` ignorant racists preparing for another holocaust '' . 
  i know , i still would n't given them the honor of a reaction . 
  as a general rule , do n't take people who attach '' / s '' to their post seriously . 
  and no , i 'm not referring to them mistaking sarcasm for irony , they 're usually just ... uhm ... intellectually interesting . 
  things like that are bound to be out of the scope of a community project that just wants to collect facts . 
  debating such extremely basic questions will result either in nothing or a flamewar . 
  of course , that means that the opposite opinion ( or any opinion , really ) should also be excluded from the project , at which point you 're going into science territory and i 'm not sure how many people would join . 
  so i 'm skeptical whether this is a good idea at all , and if it is , it should exclude opinions based on the fact that they 're opinions . 
  ( or none at all and it would just be a yelling match as usual . ), 
  would be great to get a comprehensive summary of the stats for once , there 's a whole litany of numbers being thrown around and they all contradict each other - but apparently , nobody in the social science world is really interested in or capable of compiling them into a unified format so i doubt some volunteers will be . 
  ( for the same reasons - ideology or too much complexity . ), 
  it 's just the article linked by op that claims it 's related to muslims specifically , the one this subthread is about does n't support that . 
  i did n't mean literally `` a foreign god '' in regards to abrahamitic religions ( though the article is also about others ) , but i 'm having trouble to put it into clear words what i 'm thinking - it 's not like the topic is easy to understand . 
  maybe i 'll think of one later ... 
  it 's still a sacred place - churches are blessed when built and desecrated when repurposed or torn down . 
  ( or do n't protestants do that ? ), 
  i ca n't imagine this is a theologically sound idea : foreign gods being praised in one religion 's temple ? 
  that makes no sense and sounds worthy of old-testamenty smiting . 
  even if you did give a shit and felt strongly about who has the right religion , you could _ still _ be tolerant and welcoming to them . 
  so this whole story is a bit surreal . 
  we tried that method once before , did n't go over so well . 
  more like a billion if you include housing , free healthcare and other physical benefits . 
  bild is not strictly tabloid bullshit - they sometimes do have facts that others do n't have , for instance because it 's the go-to place to make something very public . 
  you can see that from the fact that they 're regularly quoted by major and respectable newspapers . 
  on the other hand , they publish such an amount of tabloid bullshit that the valid and exclusive information becomes useless . 
  they 're pretty much the definition of `` unreliable source '' . 
  who dislikes asians ? 
  ( not the british asians , i know that ... ), 
  you talked about that number after my post , i just seem to have misunderstood . 
  and _ plenty _ of people on both sides make that mistake to `` point out '' all sorts of things . 
  see my parallel post : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3o7grx/1_million_more_people_on_hartz_iv_welfare_due_to/cvuq2yh i 'd assume `` asylsuchende '' is the former number i was talking about , applicants would be `` asylbewerber '' . 
  577k until september makes sense in that context , iirc july was somthing like 100k and august like 120k or so , a sharp rise from the months before . 
   what i posted are official numbers for the period between jan 01 . and sept 30 . 
  2015 which again total to 303.000 applications . 
  i know i 'm sounding like a broken record , but since people still compare apples and oranges : you 're talking about different numbers here , the 0.8 / 1.0 / 1.5 m number is that of expected refugees and the 300k number is that of asylum applicants which has a significant delay against the other . 
  we wo n't see even 0.8 m asylum applicants this year ( probably ) because many who came in 2015 will only be able to apply in january or february . 
  ( and that difference is probably going to become more extreme if the officials continue to be overwhelmed . ), 
   1 million more recipients ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ until ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ 2019 ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ maybe typical focus ... 
   that was wolfgang sch\u00e4ubles idea , g\u00f6bbels in a wheelchair as we call him there are a whopping 325 results on google for that . 
  `` we '' do n't call him that , people who ca n't think of a better nickname than `` literally nazi xd '' do . 
  https://www.bundesregierung.de/content/de/artikel/2014/08/2014-08-27-asylbewerberleistungsgesetz-kabinett.html if you do n't speak german - basically , the previous , lower amount was ruled unconstitutional by our supreme court since they saw no proper justification to keep it below what the government defines as the existential minimum for others . 
  since the government apparently could n't think of any legal justification after the ruling , refugees now get more or less the same as the lowest tier of help a citizen can get . 
  yup , destroying our great social systems as a preventative measure so that migrants do n't ruin them seems like a _ perfect _ idea . 
  not to mention that any lower benefits would be unconstitutional . 
  you probably did n't get to creep through half-frozen mud because the ground was frozen solid . 
  _ that 's _ what makes winter `` camping '' really enjoyable . 
  that was before the immigration laws saw large changes to make it easier to acquire citizenship especially for children born here . 
  you ca n't really compare the situations . 
  at least in germany , it 's the other way around - the number of asylum seekers is far lower than that of people who arrived . 
  huh , you always hear that the us won that judgment , but not that they won with 0.05 point difference for 1st place only and that all the french ones placed in the top 6 . 
  ... which is why nobody pays attention in history class . 
  no way those a 1800kcal . 
  i ca n't believe how people can have so little conscience that they equate the csu with the nsdap - and _ you _ have the gall to insult the intelligence of those who might not appreciate it ? 
  and that 's not even an uncommon talking point ... all you 're doing is making a joke out of the third reich , and not in a good way , in a dangerous one . 
  the other are worse ... either they have absolutely no idea what they 're doing in general or would have literally opened the borders by now . 
  she 's a conservative , remember . 
  this was posted by someone else before and removed due the editorialized headline , i 'm reposting it because i found it interesting . 
  the source does n't appear to have an agenda : http://www.webbfilm.se/ youtube description :  polisen stormade och rev det t\u00e4ltl\u00e4ger som etablerats vid migrationsverkets anl\u00e4ggning p\u00e5 agnesfridsv\u00e4gen i malm\u00f6 . 
  sex personer har omh\u00e4ndertagits enligt polislagen paragraf 13 . g i do n't speak swedish so i ca n't give a real translation , but i understand it as follows - police storm a tent camp established on the premises of the migration office in agnesfridsv\u00e4gen in malm\u00f6 . 
  about 40 policemen conducted the operation because the camp and protest against the deportation of stateless palestinians was deemed illegal . 
  the protesters tried to hinder the police from doing so . 
  three people have been arrested , six taken into custody ( ? ), 
  then he did n't really want to know . 
  or does he intend to show the reproducablity of his results himself and be his own control group ? 
  and why greet people in swedish and look like a swede if you want to pretend to be a foreigner ... so that an old lady asks what a swedish boy is doing begging ? 
  foreign beggars are generally mute and look different . 
  none of this setup really makes any sense - even if he had wanted to do an experiment . 
  ssssh , you 'll wake up the neopagans . 
   these questions are open to personal interpretation and do n't really say much . 
  if their different interpretation generates statistically relevant differences in results , that 's just as interesting a finding . 
  that guy 's logic is all over the place , and it looks like he did n't want to do an experiment but to prove something , but i 'm not entirely sure what that was . 
  bavaria , not munich . 
  ( or , `` munich '' as in `` the seat of the bavarian government '' . ), 
  and it 's particularly funny that refugee advocates criticize him for encouraging people to move here before it 's too late . 
  they should change the tagline to '' / e/europe - a large scale study in confirmation bias '' . 
  _ excluding _ , not including housing . 
  they basically get sozialhilfe . 
  ( the minimum help someone who 's unable to works and does n't have insuraces etc. 
  to fall back on gets . ), 
  this is only after the 15 months they are expected to stay in a refugee home , though . 
  my parents are doctors , and all german doctors i know use the latin terms when talking to each other ( or abbreviations of them ) . 
  i was a bit confused when an american medical student insulted me as an arrogant asshole for doing the same . 
  well , you genocided each other over it while the rest of europe had n't been taking it quite as seriously for a couple hundred years . 
  ah right , the balkanese - the only europeans who 've seen religion taking any influence during their lifetime . 
  good third option , that explains it .
