  do n't be honest , folks , they might be a minor . 
  nah , in the mind of people who use the terms that way , what 's a minority in the us ( e. g. women ) is oppressed by the white man wherever they are . 
  some concept about inherent inferiority maybe , i dunno . 
  and no ellipses , either ... 
  i like the first and the seventh , although the first is unfortunately not readily interpretable by someone who does n't live there . 
  truecrypt is an _ awful _ example for encryption software . 
  it 's so poorly written that despite its huge popularity , nobody was even able to read the code for the longest time . 
  there 's _ plenty _ of encryption software out there , do n't quote one that is n't even open source , please . 
  outwards also has the advantage that you can hold it open more easily ... always very awkward if it opens inwards . 
  well yeah , does n't your town have its daily shootout between jew and nazi gangs at noon ? 
  it 's a veritable tourist attraction here . 
  it was short for `` do n't take that comment seriously '' . 
   vice, 
  of course it was obvious , that 's part of the reason why you 're being downvoted . 
  then , if that does n't happen , who is to blame ? 
  looking at the individual perpetrators is ultimately just useless outside of the context of a court , policy is _ always _ to blame if you 're not talking about some random maniac . 
  i do n't get why people in this thread claim that uttering such a basic fact is `` supporting and defending nazis '' . 
  well , at least if we count only the ones usually capable of showing a sliver of reason . 
  ( most those comments are gone by now , but still . ), 
  just scroll down about a quarter of a page and you 'll see one of the people who usually talk about nazi propaganda here say that those 576 are `` mostly arson '' . 
  _ that 's _ what makes this presentation obviously not alright - you give people reason to think they 're doing the morally superior thing when making such claims . 
  others take it even further and think things like you wrote are permissible in the bastion of factual air superiority the left has ... 
  please do n't make such broad accusations , either ... the bible and the koran are simply fundamentally different in their origin stories . 
  the bible is said to have been written down by men _ relaying _ what god told them ( or just what they saw ) , while the koran is said to be the literal word of god . 
  there 's a _ huge _ difference between those two approaches , a difference that becomes even larger if you take the complex differences between the old and the new testament into account . 
  do n't compare islam to christianity like that , they 're _ completely _ different in regards to interpreting scripture . 
  the `` holding back '' theme was what i referred to , though i obviously ca n't tell if its true . 
  but it 's weird they apparently have something against bosniaks , those that i know were great additions to our society . 
  that 's not really an accurate assessment at all . 
  the valid single points are the liability for incitement ( which is only pushed when you actually do strive to make large numbers of people try to kill other groups ) and the ban on homeschooling . 
  both of those are _ very _ reasonable , imho . 
  you can presume most people wearing german flair on this sub to be antifabots ... less so recently , but we still have our fair share of morons . 
   tagesschau is noticably conservative what ?!, 
  ard in general is the most left-wing public broadcaster in germany . 
  they 're closely aligned with the social democrats . 
   there is a general trend in germany ( and possibly in many other places in europe ) of having strict regulation but then defunding the people that enforce the regulation . 
  [ ... ] because , as many others have mentioned in this thread , they _ are _ a nuisance until something happens . 
  and predicting to annoy people is n't much of a vote winner . 
  that is the ideal description of ideology - by that measure , most people would probably be anarchists . 
  but it 's not something to base policies on , and we _ do _ see a lot of ideologically motivated policies put into practice with zero regard for reality . 
  that form of ideology is the problem , not merely having concepts about what would be best for humanity - that 's just a natural thing to have if you care about politics at all . 
   oh these people are the worst . 
  most of them came from russia anyways or are just highly anti-american , where they think , that russia must be good . 
  the latter more than the former . 
  ( significantly so . ), 
  that you characterize this article as `` right-wing '' does n't exactly signalize you 're interested in discussion in the first place ... 
   this caught my eye . 
  i really do n't even know what this means . 
  [ ... ] you overinterpreted . 
  i just meant to say that editors _ do _ presume journalists to be illiterate and want to make sure they 're not . 
  it was meant to be a point about how cautiously the topic of journalistic competence is usually approached . 
  and that place was by no means `` good '' media ( nobody starts at the `` good '' places ) . 
   `` in sweden , my impression is that the desire to be decent , which is in itself laudable , has given people an aversion anxiety against discussing many problems concerning integration and immigration , '' is it really a desire to _ be _ decent and not a desire to _ appear _ to be decent ? 
  because the latter would be the opposite of laudable . 
  i 'm really not usually concerned about hurting people 's feelings , but abusing something like this to leave some smug political commentary is in _ really _ bad taste . 
  my favorite club in germany is exactly like that , though there 's probably nothing to catch fire because it 's completely made of concrete . 
  ( old air raid bunker , i think . ), 
  but it appears to be possible to skirt fire safety inspections just about anywhere . 
  zeit , faz , dw and select parts of other mainstream media . 
  plus some more niche ones like cicero . 
  ( in other contexts , also add the sz . ), 
  think privatiers , for instance . 
  not everybody needs to work - in some countries , they may make up even quite a substantial bit of the population . . 
  you forget how much of an influence seo and the like have in the business today . 
  and when i first started out writing , editors , lectors etc were _ very _ wary of what they 'd allow me to publish , and i was required to attend numerous courses to make sure i was able to write even the most basic sentences . 
  ( different for freelancers , of course . ), 
  point is , they all seem to be very careful about their standards in journalism - even `` bad '' papers wo n't want someone to dilute their usual practices . 
  learning how to handle those things really is important , and it 's something that 's hard to learn `` on the ground '' . 
  besides , it 's probably not that bad an idea to filter out bloggers with a bit too large an ego ... needing an education will deter them . 
   just look at the biggest german newspapers . 
  there 's the stuff by springer , bild ( already wider-spread than all the others combined by itself ) and welt , generally considered conservative . 
  there 's zeit , left-liberal ; faz , conservative again ; s\u00fcddeutsche , left of center ; handelsblatt , classical liberal ; taz , alternative left ; and neues deutschland , socialist . 
  for magazines , there 's spiegel , left liberal ; focus , conservative ; stern , social-democratic . 
  most of those are crap , though . 
  i would assume someone talking about respectable media to talk about _ respectable _ media . 
  the topic is simply too complex for me to comment on . 
  my impression is that reasonable failsafes do exist by now ( chernobyl was n't exactly a model of sound management ) , and that science thinks that we may be turning nuclear `` waste '' into a resource with better technology . 
  there are at least _ avenues _ that would appear to result in solving those problem , s but one-sided reporting and bans wo n't make those come to fruition . 
  i 'm not `` pro-nuclear '' in general at all , i 'm simply skeptical towards both pro- and counter-arguments , but i do think it 's the best bridge technology to fusion and and other energy sources of the future . 
  it does n't really matter if nuclear waste pollutes for millions of years if we just need to use it for hundreds or thousands and can then just build a giant cave in the center of the earth to store it , for example . 
  i reply to your mirror images just like i do to you - i do n't want any kind of echo chamber or hugbox . 
  ( they just have the advantage of not having your sense of moral superiority so they tend to make me less angry . ), 
  i understand my arrogance towards you might not be the most comforting behavior , but as i said , i think it 's reasonable . 
  you can push views in a quite subtle way , dw outlines some ( more extreme ) methods in their article . 
  reporting the mere facts is obviously not the problem , but people are _ very _ easily manipulated just by editorial choice or reoccurring phrases . 
  and whenever nuclear power is concerned , the recurrence of certain phrases is a bit ridiculous in germany . 
  ( lesson learned from chernobyl and the emergence of the greens , probably . ), 
  sorry , if it was n't clear , i was n't asking for a detailed response any more - once someone behaves like you did above , they 're irredeemable . 
  i have absolutely no problem using ad hominem arguments against such people . 
  respectful behavior is n't earned in the context of a debate , but easily lost . 
  next time , though , you might want to write an actual rebuttal instead of nitpicking at single sentences with points of dubious relevance ( and logic ) . 
  _ good _ journalists really do study hard . 
  journalism itself is an everyman 's game - if you write something that appears interesting to any paper , you can sell it to them , it 's really easy . 
  but becoming an editor at a respected newspaper on international topics is a bit more difficult . 
  and writing at that level really _ is _ complicated , it definitely warrants a specific education . 
  journalistic style and ethics have a lot of pitfalls you wo n't learn about without such an education . 
  http://www.zeit.de/kultur/film/2014-03/zdf-gremien-verfassungsgericht-brender this is what the article refers to , a case concerning political influence on our main news sources . 
  i do n't know how much has changed since then , but it 's not unreasonable to remain skeptical until it 's reevaluated thoroughly . 
  also , `` warum denkst du so '' means `` why do you think _ like _ this '' ( which sounds like an accusation ) . 
  `` why do you think this '' would be `` warum denkst du das '' in the most simple translation .
