  i presume they only asked children ? 
  seems i was n't clear enough - i was suggesting that speeding up the accreditation for the sake of speeding it up may result in a loss of quality . 
  having degrees from other countries be accepted can be a bureaucratic nightmare , true , but mostly for a reason . 
  then you 'll be happy to know that the government agrees . 
  the entirety ? 
  what ? 
  i was obviously not talking about the whole country , i was talking about my local neighborhood . 
  and neighborhoods can of course become `` ghettoized '' with the wrong policies for distributing refugees . 
  that is exactly what the authorities here seem to try to avoid by distributing them sparsely around the satellites , and it 's working well . 
   i do n't believe rational arguments help with folkish types . 
  neither does ridicule and alienation . 
  the only people who will be influenced to change are those in the middle with slight leanings towards either left or right , as they will be driven further to the extremes . 
  those who are already there will only entrench themselves further . 
  that 's a good idea if you want to create tensions by dividing society into black and white , but not much else - especially not solving problems that exist in the real world . 
   i do n't know how to measure social unrest . 
  [ ... ] what i really hate is the talk of bullshit things like social fabric [ ... ] i ca n't measure these things . 
  you ca n't _ strictly _ measure them , but you can get a very good approximation by combining various statistics . 
  low crime rate , high income , a feeling of safety , high employment , working government institutions , good police etc. 
  all contribute to what i summed up as `` social fabric '' . 
  and in and around munich , all the best factors come together , which is why the city will be able to withstand greater strain . 
  and accommodating refugees _ is _ a strain on both government and society - the former is obvious , the latter because being careful around the unknown is a very basic human instinct . 
  and that instinct will be stronger in places where the social fabric is weaker , i. e. where there is n't such a universal feeling of peace and safety . 
  i really do n't understand why people here act like i said something offensive . 
  you 're right , `` an _ attempt at _ a neutral , critical view '' would be more accurate - attacks like above tend to irritate me too much . 
  i really do n't know what people are reading into my comment here , tbh , they seem to be misunderstanding me . 
  it 's undeniable that migration has potential for generating conflict , and i merely described why i think this does n't happen in munich . 
  no nefarious agenda behind it . 
  well , yeah , obviously . 
  your point being ? 
  and i 'll just disregard that stab , seeing how your selective quoting is perfectly in line with the named mindset . 
  well , probably not for long , but certification exists to prevent even that . 
  i really do n't see why we should change the very high standards our country is famous for - it will only prove detrimental in the long run . 
  my , what crawled up your ass ? 
  angry that someone could have a neutral , critical view of the situation ? 
  it 's understandable , approaching this thing logically would prove dangerous to the emotional stranglehold ideologies currently have on the debate . 
   `` gutmenschen '' ( hi pegida-kleingeist ) people like you are why this term exists ... it describes someone who makes themselves feel good by assuming an undeserved position of moral superiority . 
  `` bessermenschen '' would be more accurate . 
  drop the smug sarcasm and bullshit emotional arguments from authority and people will stop calling you that . 
  yeah , it 's weird that so many people apparently do n't remember that granting asylum is in the best of european tradition , especially christian european tradition . 
  you ca n't call yourself conservative and refuse to take refugees - economic migrants etc. 
  of course , but not legitimate refugees . 
  the only question is how to implement the system so you can distill the people in need from the arriving masses . 
   but our bureaucratic system is slow and inefficient in granting these people the right to work , even if they are highly skilled . 
  i 'd rather have them be slow than dilute our extremely rigid standards for certification . 
  a skilled german worked really _ is _ skilled on average , and we need to make sure that ` imported ' ones are as well . 
  do n't want to see buildings collapsing or infrastructure breaking down because someone did an eyeballed 3rd world job . 
  if your only metric is `` they 're evil and i do n't like them '' , yeah . 
  the country being united is a normality to you ; it may not be a normality to him for personal reasons ( lost relatives etc. 
  they 're really not a problem in munich - the city and its satellites are rich . 
  that generally means tensions are very low to begin with , compared to the poorer cities or those with preexisting conflicts , so the social fabric is strong enough to withstand the strain . 
  i live near a refugee home in one of those satellites and afaik there 's zero conflict - never saw either germans nor refugees behaving out of the ordinary . 
  the critical mass for ghettoization also is n't reached yet . 
  of course , that does n't mean that you can extend this without limit , but at the moment , it 's very peaceful here . 
  [ thanks , automod ... ca n't even talk about languages without being chastised . ], 
  depends on the region . 
  in the south , it 's more like `` negro '' ( as in , fairly neutral but antiquated ) , in the north it 's more like '' [ censored ] '' , afaik . 
  we do n't really have our own insults for blacks , apart from `` kaffer '' which nobody uses any more . 
  there 's actually less of them now , or at least they 're less active . 
  my word counter saw 35281 posts without flair since august 4th , vs. 59048 from june 27th to august 3rd . 
  ( edit : it 's just coincidental that the times line up so nicely , just to make that clear - i changed my logfiles around that time . 
  i 'm not keeping any stats on what individual people were talking about , i could n't handle the amount data . 
  the only thing that can be tied to a user is how often they post and how many words they speak . ), 
  800k is the number expected to arrive , not the number expected to apply for asylum . 
  220k is the number of those who actually applied until july . 
  that 's what makes them seem so disproportionate . 
  and i already told you this . 
  that 's why i mentioned the conquistadors - it was a different situation in central america . 
  but in north america , most people settled there either with small dreams like farming or general fortune soldiering , or to escape the religious conflicts in europe . 
  i 'm not aware that they were part of some master plan to stage a covert invasion - they just wanted more and more land , compressing the natives into smaller and smaller reservations . 
  that 's not what i 'd call `` conquering '' . 
  no , the difference is simply that the peoples and cultures involved are entirely incomparable . 
  europeans - settlers without armies - initially did n't come to straight-up conquer to the modern day us , either ( unlike , say , the conquistadors ) , the relations with the natives just escalated over time . 
  i was being facetious . 
  `` traditionally it 's native american '' is usually used as evidence for the negative impact of immigration . 
  rare to see you brining up right-wing talking points . 
  we ca n't try to solve this crisis with such a myopic view . 
  it 's not about feelings , it 's about doing what is ethically right . 
  and focusing on the single person while ignoring that such an approach will never be able to actually solve the underlying problem is ethically _ wrong _ because it delays the finding of a solution and thus does more harm than good . 
  it simply is impossible for europe to take in the world 's poor , and while it 's nice for those we do take that does nothing to help the billions of others - it just makes us feel oh-so-tolerant so we can justify ignoring them . 
   `` i 'm a single mother with a 6-year-old son ... we can take a child in need . 
  i 'm a teacher and would teach the child to speak , read and write icelandic and adjust to icelandic society . 
  we have clothes , a bed , toys and everything a child needs . 
  ** i would of course pay for the airplane ticket ** , '' wrote hekla stefansdottir in a post . 
   if syrians are homed by icelanders themselves , then integration becomes far more attainable that 's what i 'm not so sure about . 
  if this is n't _ closely _ monitored by the government , the vast majority of them wo n't have the means to care for someone who 's been traumatized by war . 
  i 've known some myself , and ptsd can be _ really _ hard to handle . 
  in an organized center , it 's much easier to provide mental healthcare whereas in a private home , there is nothing to stop a crisis from escalating . 
   which just happens to be mostly the same values that come from our native pagan beliefs what ? 
  i though pagans were and had fun ... that 's a sin for protestants . 
  that i seriously do n't think i ever heard a more absurd argument in the whole debate about tolerance in general , and that 's saying something . 
  that 's like saying that if you get angry if i called you an asshole , it 's evidence that you are one . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ please ? 
  if i were to call for the reintroduction of the death penalty , you _ seriously _ think i could be jailed because murder is illegal ?!, 
  this is the exact same situation . 
  it 's nothing even the slightest bit remotely close to anything resembling `` hate speech '' that would be punishable by law . 
  it 's suspected that there were multiple assailants . 
   the pensioner had retired back to his native sicily a decade ago after working for years in a mercedes car factory in germany . 
  detectives believe that other migrants may have been involved in the burglary . 
  that looks less desperation-breeding than stuttgart ... 
  violence is in any case undemocratic and not to be considered a venial sin of youth , period - it 's the principle that matters .
