  and it 's not in opposition to large parts of conservative doctrines , either . 
  even the german military is taught to fire into the air , then at the ground , then to the legs , then to kill if there 's an intruder on base . 
  if i did n't have some criminally bad officers , everybody who served here will know that . 
  i do n't get where your description of our policies comes from , other than from armchair officers on reddit who repeat it over and over . 
  reiterating does n't solidify your claim . 
  you have to force yourself do say they 're the same - `` just walking '' through the street or across a military base , `` just talking '' about wine or hanging negroes , `` just touching '' a lamb or preteen ass , same differences . 
  you 're equating two completely different situations because the words you use to describe them happen to be the same . 
  oh come on , your `` so be it '' could well be postfixed with '' , oh cruel world ! '', 
  and sinking ostentatiously onto a chaiselongue until someone brings the sal volatile . 
  your world view ? 
  if you do n't have a spectacularly myopic perspective on the world , people are n't disagreeing with your world view . 
  they 're downvoting you so you might maybe not be arrested for public indecency , because you 're jacking yourself off . 
  do n't try to play the martyr because your shallow sarcastic shitposting is n't met with applause . 
  every . 
  single . 
  thread . 
  why ? 
  of course there 's a clear difference , with the same line of thinking you could say `` someone was doing something '' in both cases . 
  borders of free nations are usually enforced to keep things out , not in . 
  yeah , mw is am , and i 'm sad to see it go . 
  mw radio stations usually specialized in talk radio here , and while there are a few talk fm stations still , it was more enjoyable than hearing the same 10-15 songs on repeat while driving long distances . 
  i do n't know how the situation looks for sw stations , never owned a sw radio . 
   it 's not like he was saying `` decent people '' oppose communism . 
  that 's probably a pretty good approximation of a summary of how the sentence sounds , was used , and was presented , though . 
  that 's why it left such an imprint - the sarcastic use is n't really tied to a particular part of the political spectrum , i 've even heard my mother who 's of the leftist christian hippie variety use it . 
  i do n't know how it sounds in english , but in german it 's incredibly passive-aggressive and inappropriate for a chancellor - kind of a `` with me or against me '' ideological totalitarianism . 
  plus the decent people would probably on the opposite side of the fence of those rising against the perpetrators of that particular incident , seeing how they were muslims . 
  it 's the perfect sentence to make a sarcastic quip from if you want to illustrate the problems of our social paradigms from a certain pov . 
  -  everybody profits ... amazon may present themselves as * cough * socially responsible , the decent people \\* feel better and pegida is hyped up as some kind of opposition by the media presence . 
  a win-win-win situation . 
   only common sense loses . 
  but more and more , we 're currently experiencing that it 's optional . 
  signed . 
  \\* : referring to a quote from former chancellor schroeder , who demanded an `` uprising of the decent people '' in response to antisemitic violence . 
  since became a pejorative for people who think they have the license to define ` decent ' . 
  modified google translation : '' ' a piece of german radio history comes to an end . 
  the deutschlandfunk stops transmitting on medium wave . 
  today , the last medium wave transmitters are turned off on the radio of germany was last still widespread . 
  ** understood ? 
  the creaking and whistling the medium wave is one of the noises from the 20th century facing extinction . 
  a sound like the rattling of a dial or the clamping of paper in a typewriter . 
  on december 31 will occur with the deutschlandfunk , the last german public radio transmitting on medium wave ( mw ) . 
  `` it is no exaggeration that this a piece of german radio story ends , '' writes deutschlandfunk editor marcus heumann on the website of the station . 
  * the old must give way to allow the new * all ard radio stations have already shut down their mw transmitters . 
  they follow a recommendation from the commission to determine the financial requirements ( kef ) . 
  only when the old gives way to the new one may come : the commission has the broadcasters the funding for the new digital radio transmission type approved , but demanded the end of the medium wave . 
  the saving is enormous . 
  the br , for example , must thus pay 300,000 euros less electricity costs per year . 
  berom\u00fcnster , hilversum , rias , rennes , rabat - the olden radios with such exotic urban and station name on the scale are largely still around in many granny living rooms and shared kitchens but unnoticed . 
  at the final round of 1954 fifa world cup even millions of people had heard on medium wave , as herbert zimmermann shouted into the microphone : `` from the background rahn shoots - rahn shoots - goooaal goooaal goooaal gooooooal !!! '', 
  at least , football games were also played right until the end - as well as parliamentary debates - as events outside the normal program schedule , which were broadcast on mw in full length . 
  * unusual freedoms because `` we are alone '' * that last so few were listening , so many took advantage of even this , to take unusual freedoms . 
  unforgettable the medium wave broadcast of a radio presenter of a cologne literature festival : in this round - it was indeed among themselves - he bluntly put what the best-selling `` salt on our skin '' by benoite groult was about : namely a woman from the big city who wanted a breton fisherman to `` give her a decent boning '' for once . 
  the good man would certainly not have dared to say so on public fm radio . 
  the medium wave covers in the radio frequency range between approximately 530 kilohertz and 1600 kilohertz . 
  when setting up the radio in germany , she played a major role . 
  since the postwar period , the ultra-short wave ( fm ) suppressed this technique more and more . 
  despite the quirky reception mw but was appreciated for decades by many listeners because of their large range , not only among sailors . 
  even with mediocre radios had been even in the basement quite good reception , even if he was anything but clear . 
  the signal went over hundreds of kilometers . 
  this is now past . 
  * now wobbles fm * and the fate of the central shaft could in a few years also threaten the popular fm . 
  even fm has long been questioned . 
  originally , by 2010 , all radios have converted their broadcasting to the digital dab . 
  after massive resistors lawmakers had painted a fixed date . 
  deutschlandfunk director willi steul among the most active champions for the digital radio . 
  in an interview of its broadcasting group he describes : `` dab has the great advantage that it is a lot of trouble freer reception that it is easier to handle , a cd-like sound quality has , and you can communicate with this technology-sensitive information . '', 
  this is the future now . '' ', 
  sidebar :  year in memes  from punching sharks to pizza rat - what went viral in 2015 ? 
  ... damn , i just was about to say something along the lines of `` this is why people hate the local '' . 
  guess i should have checked what website i was on before thinking that . 
  that 's simply wrong . 
  i do n't know where you think you get your information from , but you 're arguing based on feels not reals . 
  50 years of constant clashes over 4 miles of water ... 
   and not biking because of the weather is for pussies . 
  you have a sea climate , of course you think that . 
  in many areas of germany , winter cycling would require quite a lot of skill and equipment - ice is n't that easy to ride on . 
  more [ here ] ( http://www.biedermeierzeit.org/book/export/html/60 ) - really funny , seems german humor has n't changed all that much since the 1900s . 
  awesome . 
  really similar to the new frankfurt school . 
  but of course , a neutral description of the biedermaier phenomenon would n't fit the linked polemic . 
  it 's doldenberg , of course it 's bizarre ... just ignore . 
  because `` sarcasm '' has lost all meaning since people started using that shitty tag . 
  the thought process for this must have been interesting . 
  `` what are maps usually painted on ? 
  ah , that 's right , lions !, 
  so they 're more readable . '', 
   277 comments and 2 submissions in / r/conspiracy . 
  it would appear so . 
  i wanted to ask if this is a satirical piece until i noticed it 's actually written by wilders himself . 
  i was just being combative for the sake of it , i do n't really care or know very much about detroit . 
  it just annoyed me that the person i initially responded to was making such an awful comparison . 
  it 's a bit questionable if elections are a safeguard against anything . 
  but besides that sentence being a joke , it referred to your government ( at the time ? ), 
  being unreasonably bogged down by diplomacy and bureaucracy , i. e. factors ( which `` yes , minister '' portrayed satirically ) that would strongly discourage such nonsense . 
  if my video game experience tells me anything , he 's just afraid of being propelled into the air if his finger slips . 
  then your political environment is _ way _ more fucked up than it looks from the outside . 
  that list reads like a parody . 
  `` yes , minister '' seemed to suggest you have reasonable safeguards in place to prevent that exact behavior ... 
  context for foreigners ?
