  that 's an insultingly idiotic and misleading representation . 
   this makes actually sense . 
  during my time in four-fruit-pajamas , sergeants sported moustaches just like the porn stars in those days . 
  true , but that was a woman . 
  i 'm from the lake of constance , that was swabian ... and bavarians are stubborn and slow , but the latter is just because they 're fat . 
  and the closest i can come to judging that is a sergeant of mine who is / was ( ? ), 
  so maybe . 
   maybe not the same for vice versa however . 
  now that 's where many will disagree . 
  her pictures as a secretary explain why . 
  edit : ah crap , i ca n't english ... yes , i agree . 
  and brown , and i think i see a few green and orange tones . 
  what a strange palette . 
  i. e. until all women cut theirs off ? 
  interesting , she looks far less attractive in this . 
  i think it 's because my brain takes the brightness etc from her face as a cue to interpret the rest , so it makes the body look strange . 
  it surprises me that the swiss are so stuck up they 'd fire someone over something like this . 
  i know they 're stubborn and slow , but i thought that was more due to gmiadlichkoid . 
  that 's what sachsenring made . 
  alright , alright , i get that it was n't on-the-nose enough ... 
  india has the same concept as far as i saw ( i. e. in the upper class ) , only with a hose that you direct yourself , which i find more comfortable . 
   as opposed to countries like germany , italy and the uk which have famous luxury car brands . 
  hey now , we have great middle class cars ( volkswagen ) and great cheap cars as well ( sachsenring ) . 
  koelsch , or k\u00f6lsch . 
  though it does have the advantage of being flavorless and coming in tiny glasses , so you can drink it like a shot . 
   this is a european subreddit . 
  you have no idea where i 'm from it was pretty obvious i was making a general statement about a motivation , not one about you . 
  i thought about editing it to give you one less chance to nitpick , but you 'd probably have found something else anyway . 
   you are solely operating with the intent to turn the conversation into one about any random country something like that , in a reply to my first comment here and with an obviously broken crystal ball . 
  thanks for telling me that i intend to do the opposite of what i explicitly stated i intend to do . 
  i do n't even like russia , and especially not their government , so you can go fuck yourself with your preconceived notions . 
  but be careful , they 're pretty huge . 
  there exist people who can think about ___ two issues at a time ___ !, 
  i know it seems ludicrous , but at least i heard so . 
  ( iow : i 'm so fucking fed up with people yelling `` whataboutism '' as if it were still the cold war where one must be the bringer of light and one must be the three riders in personal union . 
  ( npi . ), 
  this is n't about `` but the us would do the same , so it 's ok '' , this is about `` do n't judge their reaction by principles your own country would n't adhere to '' . 
  that 's something completely different . ), 
  for reference , switzerland looks pretty much like germany . 
  though if you can walk and if that 's common on the station you 're in , there 's usually some kind of buffet for breakfast and dinner , with simple things like bread , sausage , muesli and fruit . 
  i am very critical of such `` merging operations '' in general . 
  here in germany , regional culture is on a constant decline due to people becoming more international and losing touch with their roots . 
  that 's fine if someone consciously wants to do so , but i 'm afraid we will slowly and subconsciously lose our internal cultural differences regardless of european developments . 
  that 's something i just find sad - i love learning about the unique traits that people in a specific region have ; my grandmother used to even be able to tell what village someone was from due to their dialect . 
  it 's awful that people are becoming more and more the same the world over - i _ want _ differences between them , i _ want _ that they have something unique . 
  that 's what gives the world its salt , else we would just be one bland , inoffensive , contourless mush . 
  but modern pc culture mistakes equality for identity in the literal sense ; hence such moronic ideas as `` blindness to race '' in the us . 
  people can - and should !, 
  - be vastly different , but equal ; and that 's just not something that will happen with increasing globalization . 
  no eu government would be able to accommodate a country 's specific traits in its legislation . 
  being german and looking at privacy , for instance , i would n't want to have a government that does n't respect german sensitivities towards the topic . 
  and i bet that pretty much every topic will be unique to some country in some way , so if you 'd want to give autonomy in all those areas , a common government would n't de facto exist . 
  summa summarum : a common government would destroy the eu 's diversity , and that 's a horrible thought . 
  it really depends . 
  they 're definitely harder to interpret than western media for a westerner , and they do have a lot of awful journalism . 
  but they also have some people with integrity , you just ca n't tar them all with the same brush . 
    nice killer argument now deliver some content , please , or insult someone who will be angered by it . 
  take your false sense of superiority somewhere else ... upvotes change over time . 
  you posted an 1:15 after me , and there are twice as many comments now , of course the thread looks different . 
  i still do n't like when people care more about who says something than what is being said - looking at what 's said and _ interpreting _ based on whom it 's coming from is a much better approach . 
  itt : le rt let 's just ignore what the article is actually about ... 
   they 're no worse than plenty of shaky north american news agencies though . 
  yeah , looking at the heinous reporting from local newspapers and tv stations that gets posted on news subs so often - relatively , rt sadly is probably one of the best in regards to journalism if you count just the number of sources ... 
   conspiracy there 's that word again ... nice killer argument , you 're basically ridicule them a moron and a lunatic without actually saying it . 
  all while surely knowing fully well that a conspiracy is something completely different than an asshole mod deleting a post . 
  despicable , at least be upfront if you want to insult someone . 
  ( and the post you linked to was flagged with the same `` no human interest stories '' nonsense , by the way . ), 
  funny , that 's a situation that neither of the sides here on reddit anticipated . 
  perplexing move . 
   this is the reason why in uk police does n't carry guns right , and uk society being so radically different from violent ones is the reason for this statue standing in london . 
  it 's a _ symbol _ for the power monopoly which your police are exerting with their batons as well , you may keep your head . 
   but i feel the connotation of eu-flag plus armed lady justice plus pigeon equals `` exporting our worldview disregarding what the natives think '' ( as in `` iraqi freedom '' ) . 
  wat no , the executioner 's sword symbolizes power to the _ inside _ , not the application of force to the _ outside _ . 
  and that is vital for for keeping up peace , so the dove and lady justice are intertwined . 
  oh look , cute , an anarchist !, 
  noscript told me where it wanted to load js from , and ghostery showed me a list of trackers . 
  they 're firefox plugins . 
  also add request policy , few people know about it but it complements noscript perfectly . 
  and user agent spoofers will only be a problem if you have very outdated browsers in the list . 
  this site loads javascript from no less than twelve other domains and comes with 15 trackers . 
  i 'll eat my hat if putin is n't sitting at his computer right now , watching a live feed of the people clicking on that link . 
  huh . 
  what _ is _ that , actually ? 
  it really looks like a paradrop attack . 
  is it just debris that seems to fall slowly due to perspective ? 
  ( oh , and if interesting - summary of the conversations in our videos ? ), 
  til i 'm a nazi . 
  i `` salute '' like that all the time . 
  i know that one as pantoffelgesicht as well : `` reintreten und wohlfuehlen . '', 
  ( house shoe face : put your foot in it and be happy . ), 
  when you said burning the vatican 's flag was anti-christian and i said it was n't , for one thing . 
  seriously , are you just trying to kill some time here or are you completely obtuse ? 
  or do you think you 're trolling , you master ruseman ? 
  my point was exactly as relevant as yours , seeing how i countered what you said ... 
  and my point was that exactly none of these states represent the entirety of a religion , is that so hard to understand ? 
  i do n't think you understand what a strawman is . 
  oh please , you saw an easy opportunity to imply that this was selectively done for political reasons to people who do n't know any better . 
  nothing else . 
  do n't try to paint it like you were making some sophisticated point that way ... 
  i just thought you 'd maybe rather talk about those than continuing to wreck your head trying to understand the concept of sectarianism .
