  if you all want to keep yelling at mirages , go on - not exactly healthy , but ... 
  thank you !, 
  did n't you feel at least a _ little _ faint voice but somehow painful in the back of your brain yelling : `` think !, 
  jesus christ , think before you make that comment , you know it 's ridiculous ! '' ? 
  i simply ca n't believe one could honestly say something like that without the conscious effort to drown out that little voice . 
  because equating a mere economic prediction with literal fascism is one of the most incredible pinnacles of absurdity i 've seen even on this sub . 
  ( and i can already hear you claiming that was what `` most '' was referring to , but _ please _ ... to hide behind such a vague qualifier when dismissing large groups of people as literal fascists makes your statement _ worse _ , not more accurate . ), 
  really , i 'd like to see you spell out that thought because it 's so nonsensical that i ca n't even find an angle to argue against it from . 
   edit : in fact i would n't be surprised if half the volunteers were ( closeted ) gay themselves . 
  that 's actually a decent point that 's not immediately obvious , of course they would jump at the opportunity . 
  of course it 's interesting , it 's a completely absurd case whatever your stance on refugees is ( or is that not what you 're implying ) ? 
  that comment just amounts to `` no . '', 
  not exactly the approach to convince anyone of your stance , quite the opposite actually . 
   so fyi , a province , has around 1000km2 , and the highest gradient goes to  100 toponims ; which means 100 things named after arabic for province , pretty low bar for a place where a civilization who liked to build stuff and rename shit settled . 
  huh ? 
  no , those are percent . 
  and the gradient makes sense - 10 % steps 0-20 and 80-100 , 20 % otherwise . 
  you ca n't really complain about the gradient painting a `` binary '' picture '' when that 's simply what the percentages are . 
  well , remember what was replied to you with and what is now deleted . 
  that some of those things are deemed so wholly unacceptable nowadays might give you some pointers towards the general mindset - pointing out pc as such nets you a deletion , apparently , which is quite funny . 
  necessary accessory for any rebel and malcontent between 15yo anarchocommunist , 25yo ghetto gangsta and 35yo neo-nazi . 
  i 'm surprised this comes up every time someone mentions baseball bats existing outside the us . 
  not just the me , i saw the same in india . 
  friends held hands , close friends were clinging to each other like falling-down drunk european friends . 
  they also get each others ' attention by what would be kissing sounds here ( smack the lips like we 'd whistle ) , which was the weirdest to me . 
  the whole article is based on blurring the lines between economic migrants and refugees . 
  europe 's asylum law has n't changed - the people who were kept out forcibly in past years ( via the mentioned warships and drones ) were different ones than those that are to be given asylum by those laws . 
  that egyptian billionaire 's idea that was posted here a while ago seems like the ideal solution to that - do n't house them in tents indefinitely , just initially , and then give them the opportunity to make a city out of it and cultivate the land . 
  that benefits all sides : it gives people a perspective and something meaningful to do and lets them learn new skills or apply their existing ones ; the host country would benefit by getting more usable land and buildings that will largely become empty when the war is over ; and the funders would have to give less in the long term when the ex-camp becomes increasingly self-sufficient . 
  plus it would give them significant influence over how the people develop if you have their good will , which could prevent extremism from forming out of a lack of sense of purpose . 
  of course that 's a simplistic depiction , but the general line of thought is vastly more beneficial to all sides than creating camps or trying to squeeze them into an existing structure that 's completely foreign to them . 
  it 's a good start . 
  that was a mockery , of course . 
  ( i still have n't figured out what the right translation for `` spott '' is in such a context , is that it ? 
  english has _ way _ too many words for that . ), 
  much like the rest of my comment , if you did n't catch it . 
  edit : before i 'm going to sleep , i 'm really asking for a decent translation if there 's a murican with a good grasp of german here . 
  `` spott '' is between `` light-hearted ridicule + seriousness '' and `` derisive sarcasm - incisiveness '' . 
  none of the words in my dictionary seem to really apply , and i 've often wanted to tell people i was being `` sp\u00f6ttisch '' of them . 
  and `` smugness '' does n't really describe it , either . 
  mh , `` deeply '' wrong is the wrong expression imho , `` situationally '' wrong is better . 
  that was a single squad in a single place , nothing to judge the whole of the police by . 
  i 've had numerous encounters with the police myself ( some where i ... did n't appear quite favorable ) and they always treated me with a lot of respect if i was n't confronting them . 
  the only time the ( understandably ) went aggro was when i tried to bash my way into their car so they 'd drive me home when i was falling-down drunk at 16 or so . 
  and even then i only got a single stick , a `` stay '' and the cuffs . 
  if ten germans would do so over anti-americanism , that might provoke a stir especially in texas ' politically special people , though . 
  extend that to the current figures in the mentioned situation , i do n't think there are any easily comprehensible ones available . 
  it 's bullshit that they like comparing people to hitler ? 
  well , that would be news to me . 
  and you 're like literally the ss for suggesting i 'm subhuman . 
  depends on the people he clashed with . 
  a friend of mine , who usually has high respect for the police ( as do i ) has one absurd story to tell how he got beaten up by a gang of them for very little . 
  ( called one of them `` harry potter '' because he wore round glasses . ), 
  there are bad eggs just about anywhere , the percentage is what counts . 
  that would just be unrealistic . 
  but you definitely should n't be processed until some translator arrives . 
  ( i know , i know , let 's hope all of the eu will become sane enough not to abuse this . ), 
  good point , i think that 's what 's muddying it a bit . 
  maybe not solid black , experiment with colors - blacks are n't usually what a city wants to advertise with . 
  this is , like , a multipoe . 
  it could be a sarcastic leftist , a serious nazi , or someone just using the word literally - and any one of those making fun of the others . 
  ( or a cynic ridiculing all of them . ), 
  and you make a `` they 're like the ss '' analogy when you 're from germany ... 
   are you on your way to auswitch ? 
  you should be sure to drive a mercedes if you want to visit , it 'll find the way on its own . 
  because you sure as hell could n't identify the road sign . 
  it 's an independent institution - i do n't know their rules , but they can probably do whatever they want . 
  the students ( if they even represent them in the first place ) should have forcibly removed their representatives , not the state . 
  to take such things to court is ludicrous . 
  ... of comparing people to hitler . 
  ok , so as a compromise , let 's call #killallwhitewomen our motto . 
  are you angry people appropriated your culture ? 
  then the precedent has already been set , which is even worse . 
  the germans you refer to are home-bred , they evolved separately from the us ones . 
  their tactics are just similar because it was the best evolutionary strategy for making lots of people kowtow with little effort . 
  ah crap , thanks . 
  the styling made it appear like they were related . 
  oslo : 10 % do norwegians not have gun clubs ? 
  is that due to dislike of the british etc. 
  or due to shame ? 
  gee , i really did n't want this to become a serious discussion . 
  just to address your points , i 'm in favor of easing children and teenagers into it . 
  `` explore '' is the right approach , banging them head-first against reality is not . 
  i would probably not have been able to handle reality at 14 , and probably not _ really _ at 16 . 
  but it may be different with the internet available now , we still treated a gina wild vhs someone found in the forest as a very special treasure to be circulated among friends . 
  hm , not sure , maybe a month ago or so ? 
  you might find some details on / r/europemeta . 
  long enough that people stopped complaining , at least . 
  daily mail is banned here . 
  ... and that the votes are speech , too . 
  nobody who 's interested in free speech will have the hiding of comments enabled , anyway ( if they do n't actually believe in the rediquette , which would be absurd ) . 
  i meant a situation where you both try to enter . 
  of course , yours would also apply when both try to exit , so doors that open both ways are clearly the most superior . 
  for some reason , though , it seems more necessary to let people enter a building first while you leaving first and holding the door open does n't seem that weird . 
  maybe there 's a rule for that i 've forgotten and internalized , like letting others enter the warmth / shade first . 
  i was n't exactly serious . 
  but still , `` learning about sex '' is different from `` what was the most fun you had in prague '' , especially with all the drugs available . 
  according to the zeit , the context was that the emerging tensions among western balkan states might escalate if the balkan route through austria is suddenly blocked . 
  besides , she said `` i do not want that military conflicts would become necessary there again '' - small , but noticeable difference . 
  besides , `` conflict '' is n't that great a translation , `` clash '' or something like that would be better ( `` conflict '' gives the wrong impression of scale ) , and she followed it with that she did n't want to be a doomsayer .
