  if i call one person unpleasant and one person a giant asshole , i still would n't want to associate with either of them . 
  the `` but the others are so much worse '' `` defense '' always comes up when someone mentions left-wing violence but it really has zero bearing on my opinion that neither side should be associated with anyone who considers themselves a democrat . 
  as soon as you abandon that principled view , you have to ask `` and how much violence should we invite into our middle ? 
  '' , and that 's out of the question . 
  ah , that explains it . 
  thanks !, 
  no , but at least the teary-eyed hand wringing does n't come from an authoritative position . 
  if nobody has the means to solve it , there are few meaningful arguments about party politics to be made so i 'll just focus on the meaningless until someone has an actual concept . 
  we wo n't vote for two years anyway , until then the situation will become clearer . 
  it 's not just about this one incident , more about the general tendency - it 's undeniable that while it sometimes is in the spotlight , leftist violence has _ way _ less of a `` guilt by association '' effect than right-wing one in the media and on the political stage . 
  greens and left pretty openly ally with them through their youth organizations . 
  and while the latter are scorned by many , they are still seen as democratic parties while only the npd would ever go near anything right-wing and violent , and if they get 5 % somewhere the media predicts the apocalypse . 
  depends on what wing is in control at the moment , but yeah , same can probably be said about the union . 
  it 's true that there are very few differences outside the extremes any more , and that 's depressing . 
  oh well , let 's at least say that merkel has pragmatic _ rhetoric _ , that 's something that ca n't be said about the greens and also a pleasant aspect . 
  compassion is a horrible metric to base international policies on . 
  we need ice cold technocrats with an ethics degree , but those are hard to come by . 
  still , it 's ridiculous to accept such people into the debate with open arms . 
  they should be shunned just like their counterparts as the anti-democrats they both are . 
  instead , they 're commonly given a platform from which to sort people into `` racist '' and `` one of us '' . 
  at least merkel is pragmatic . 
  god forbid the greens were at the rudder right now . 
  vietnamese refugees ? 
  dissidents ? 
  as if that were the only relevant point for running a country ... 
  also note that it 's the number of _ applications _ , not the number of _ refugees _ . 
  just before anyone starts to rant about the `` 800k propaganda '' again - it refers to the latter , does appear very realistic in that context and there is significant delay until a refugee can ask for asylum . 
  the foreigners living in munich are n't exactly the kind that would rob you , more the kind that would be robbed if they did n't have bodyguards . 
  ( well , and students of course . ), 
  though i agree that refugees are n't posing or facing any apparent problem in the centers outside munich , probably due to the `` rich small town '' atmosphere where everything is much more peaceful than in , say , frankfurt to begin with . 
  jobbik is just a little more crazy than sd , and orban is n't exactly a shining beacon of democracy , either . 
  apart from sd , swenden went off the shallow end and still managed to drown , though , so to speak . 
  exactly the same thing as the folks ' in the other trench : jack shit ... 
  holy mother of hdr . 
  see the article , though :  but mr rutte responded on friday that it would be `` crazy '' to offer permanent shelter to people who refused to leave . 
   `` we are talking about the group that can go back , whose governments would take them back , but they do n't want to go back , '' he said . 
  he excludes those cases , so there must be some other explanation for how they can just say `` no '' , but i ca n't figure it out . 
  i 'm not taking any stances , i was just trying to provide the example you asked for . 
  their politics may be a bit screwy , but hungary is definitely reaching for the retard cake atm . 
   bouttobeadick take a guess . 
  illegally . 
  how would they hold a job when they 've officially been rejected ? 
  and illegal labor at most contributes to society indirectly through companies ' budget . 
  your pm excluded such situations . 
   but mr rutte responded on friday that it would be `` crazy '' to offer permanent shelter to people who refused to leave . 
   `` we are talking about the group ** that can go back , whose governments would take them back ** , but they do n't want to go back , '' he said . 
  i. e. their government must be known . 
  you mean in the union between ethiopia and eritrea after ww2 ? 
  i 'm not that well versed in history , so i can only rely on wikipedia ( i only knew they were an italian colony later united with ethiopia ) and do n't really have leg to stand on . 
  but when they were annexed and subsequently became independent , the italians were _ long _ gone . 
  country of origin is different from citizenship , though . 
  i assume the latter is what matters in a legal context . 
  german jokes , of course . 
  what 's a sentence with ten words and four lies ? 
  an honest pole only drives his car to work sober . 
  yeah , of course that place sucks . 
  that was independence from ethiopia , though . 
  roughly : selassie systematically undermined the eritrans ' rights , the parliament dissolved and they were annexed , provoking them to take up weapons and start an independence movement - and such movements rarely end in peaceful democracies , as you said . 
   oops , forgot where i was and what opinions are accepted . 
  sorry for not blaming everything on the jew ... muslims . 
  truly sorry for not sharing your xenophobic paranoid delusions , nazi-troll nationalists of r/europe . 
  and you wonder why you do n't have more support ? 
  that kind of behavior usually comes with certain stances regardless of direction , and over time people begin to associate the opinion with the bullshit . 
  but keep on truckin ' if you 're fine with doing a great disservice to your cause . 
  eritrea ? 
  it was a colony , but i 'm not aware of any abuses . 
  there 's obviously no country completely left untouched by western influence , but i would n't say that necessarily means we 're to blame for any and all problems . 
  that seems like a bit of a useless policy . 
  if they 're rejected , deport them - if the system is n't broken , there were good reasons for it and they would be safe . 
  if the regulations are broken , then change them , and if you ca n't manage to deport people efficiently that 's a flaw that the government should take responsibility for instead of offloading it on the migrants . 
  so where does `` sending people off to fend for themselves '' come into play ? 
  is this just a cheap move to appear `` tough on illegals '' to draw votes away from wilders ? 
  not to mention that the concept of `` fending for themselves '' would obviously mean a life of crime so you 're only shooting yourself in the foot with increased security expenses . 
  you did n't take that cheap shot at those people , though , but at a random stranger because you saw an opportunity to posture , never mind that their conclusion was logical . 
  i _ hate _ how people think they 're allowed to do that to `` help '' the greater good , all you 're doing is damaging it . 
  you 're doing just the same right now with the false dichotomy in your second paragraph and your misrepresentation of their conclusion in the third . 
  i obviously have no idea about the merit of that judgment , i 'm just saying it 's wrong to take a cheap shot at a logical conclusion of an argument instead of challenging the argument itself . 
  [ just look at that disgusting fascist and the braindead crowd hailing him !, 
  ] ( http://www.traditionalcatholicpriest.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/lech_walesa.jpg ) ( no contest to the second half , though . ), 
  that depends purely on intent , which is what this entire subthread is about . 
  you should acknowledge that if their assessment is correct , it not being an act of extremism is actually likely . 
  you 're talking to like five different people here . 
  it 's ridiculous to jump straight from `` my knowledge leads me to believe this is atypical behavior for neonazis '' to `` you must be hell-bent on denying racist people exist '' ( i. e. a thinly veiled `` you racist '' ) . 
  people like you are the bane of this entire discussion , could you please keep shaming and yelling at people on your own continent ? 
  we have enough problems with your type from both sides as it is . 
  censoring a curseword , appending a `` sarcasm '' tag , _ and _ a serious note advising caution that is longer than the first line ? 
  yeah , i do n't think somebody will yell at you , you might break in half . 
  that 400l of air only last 90 minutes surprised me myself , though . 
  i 'm guessing they made the same wrong assumption . 
  it 's the _ legal _ answer , but the wrong approach to actually do anything about the problem itself . 
  it appears people are talking about different numbers , as i just noticed . 
  http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2015-08/fluechtlinge-zahl-de-maiziere-asyl the number of asylum requests was 220k until the end of july , when 37.5 k requested it . 
  but in the zeit article , de maiziere bases his estimate on the total number of refugees , saying that 83k people crossed the border in july , not all of which have likely asked for asylum yet , and the numbers are only expected to increase . 
  that makes the 800k total far more likely - at one point , they 'll _ have _ to ask for asylum , so it 's better to include them in the statistic right now . 
  pick your battles . 
  some people on both sides are obvious trolls or have such a simplistic view that it 's impossible to debate with facts . 
  others obviously do care about proper arguments and logic - those are the ones you can debate , just disregard the rest . 
  then challenge people 's points instead of deriding them . 
  them being stupid should make that pretty easy . 
  shooting every migrant on sight would technically still be a solution , so there is one or several .
