  as said further down , that 's not the aspect i 'd argue against - not that that would have been obvious at that point , of course , i was just complaining about them not writing something like you just did . 
  why ultimate , unless you specifically mean the us navy ? 
  using the military to establish border security is an emergency measure , but a completely reasonable one that 's worked out remarkably incident-free in hungary so far ( afaik ) . 
  ultimate would just be shooting everyone and turning the middle east into a glass plane . 
  and that appears to be exactly what the eu is planning atm . 
  it 's funny that you think you can just brush off your behavior - i 'm not interested in talking to people who employ such methods . 
  but here 's the shittiest leftiest source i could find : http://www.huffingtonpost.de/maximilian-von-thalen/fluchtlinge-als-freiwild-sexuelle-ubergriffe-in-asylbewerberheimen_b_8121116.html and please do n't say `` and what about murder '' next , okay ? 
  that sentence was yours in the first place , the person you were talking to spoke about violence . 
  it 's unbelievable what bullshit some people think being `` morally superior '' can afford them without their head imploding from cognitive dissonance . 
  and no , those were n't talking points or arguments - i just hope your shoes being pissed on has the same effect on you as your nonsense does on me . 
  it 's disingenuous and manipulative to claim i said they were _ inherently _ like that , and your argument hinges on that accusation . 
  oh well , nice try , goodbye - ca n't fault you for trying , but maybe practice a little . 
  i wonder if someone has thought of making city maps from photos like this ( in higher quality , obviously ) . 
  would give you a good idea how important a street or a crossing is and have aesthetic appeal . 
  or market them as night club maps to tourists . 
  ... well yeah , the linked article , for example . 
  or at least we do n't usually see groups of hundreds of people beating each other up when it 's not over football or for fun . 
  what migrants are choosing poland ? 
  ( apart from ukranians , but there your argument does n't hold . ), 
  so how many skinheads live in the schanzenviertel ? 
  40 % more people likely means around 40 % more exposure to the general population - ghettos and people moving to small villages might balance each other out in per capita exposure . 
  of course exposure will lead to an increase of `` hate crimes '' , which in sweden is probably quite broadly defined - here in germany , they count kids scrawling swastikas in that category , and this is the guardian . 
  ( this very article claims that [ censored ] is now as offensive as [ censored ] ... ) it 's probably less misleading and definitely less deliberately misleading to control for that - naively as it may be done - than to dismiss it completely . 
  crying crocodile tears how it 's relevant because every single hate crime is a life destroyed ( see , i can be absurd , too ! ), 
  is idiotic , a 40 % increase without an increase in population would mean something completely different and would require completely different reactions . 
  edit : ooh , what a surprise ... automodded . 
  why even bother any more when you have to expect to be scolded by daddy moderation team at any minute - for `` breaking '' rules we have to rely on leaks in order to even know of ? 
  good to know that even the guardian is too racist for your standards . 
  then i gave you more credit than was due ... the stats are n't per capita , i fail to see how an increase in absolute numbers is relevant . 
  it appears that pointing this out is equivalent to thinking that `` the somalis are a hive mind with telepathically shared experiences '' , though - so i 'd better shut up , who knows what other absurdities i might be guilty of . 
  then show your work instead of `` countering '' a valid point with wishy-washy conclusions like `` there has been a rise '' . 
  that means literally nothing in this context , your comment essentially said nothing more that `` no '' . 
  some folks have really grown too complacent following the claim that `` intellect is is leftist '' ... that 's a _ demand on you _ , not a claim to inherent superiority . 
  you mean in one sentence they rise provable concerns but are smart enough to not say the second one in order not to turn this into a racism debate and hurt their message and / or their career . 
  not at all , but they 're usually just bad - this is actually disgusting . 
  woah , i did n't expect my opinion of the huffington post to sink _ even lower _ . 
  `` hier sprechen die hass-fratzen '' ( `` here are the grotesque faces spewing hatred '' ) - really ?!, 
  i do n't think i 've ever read something lower in german media after 45 . 
  half those people are n't even saying something about migrants , they 're insulting the hp which is obviously very well deserved . 
  afaik the ard uses infratest dimap exclusively , so the polls are comparable . 
  thanks for taking the time to respond , there are some interesting points in there !, 
  really ?!, 
  why not ? 
  this is really interesting - are you schizophrenic and have you accepted your illness as reality , or is it simply drug-induced ? 
  i 've suffered bouts of psychosis myself and i can feel a lot of similar thoughts in your writings - the attempts at describing undescribable perceptions are similar to what i wrote at the time . 
  ( edit : and are you actually the person behind timecube ? 
  your response could be interpreted that way . 
  in that case , i think an ama from you would generate _ immense _ interest . ), 
  woah , what are you smoking ? 
  send me some of it , please - you could write for timecube . 
  the petry afd is simply unelectable except as a protest vote . 
  i liked the strictly technocratic party it was at one point , but that did n't last long and the media campaign to ruin them from the inside out worked _ amazingly _ well . 
  she 's been dubbed the ' [ black widow ] ( http://www.berliner-zeitung.de/image/view/2014/0/28/26023954,24840325,highres,maxh,480,maxw,480,sakurai.jpg ) * ' for a reason - she really did get rid of anybody who could be a danger to her power , pretty much crippling her party in the process and forcing it to rely on her . 
  \\* : the portraits are roesler ( liberals ) , westerwelle ( liberals ) , steinbrueck ( social democrats ) and steinmeier ( social democrats ) ; she 's saying `` mr gabriel ( social democrats ) , you look like my next husband '' . 
  and that 's only depicting her track record _ outside _ her own party , she did the same with merz , roettgen , stoiber , koch and schaeuble , to name just a few . 
  they all either left politics or became completely submissive . 
  it does n't necessarily , but precedence is an important factor in any case . 
  being able to point to others who already did what you want to do makes any plan appear more reasonable . 
  i 'm aware of that , but it sets an important precedent - and others , like palmer of tuebingen , have already considered implementing such measures for residential property . 
  besides , i was responding to the general statement that `` no normal person has unused property '' , which is simply wrong . 
  do n't make such assumptions , german politics can be hard to understand if you did n't grow up in the country . 
  that parties do n't represent their base any more is a _ significant _ problem atm - and that 's true even before the current crisis . 
  a stew basically is a really dense soup . 
  it can be prepared in various degrees of `` liquidity '' . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  my parents had unused property for some years just because we moved and they could n't find a buyer when the banking crisis struck . 
  not that they 'd ( probably ) have refused to offer it to the town , but by no means only the `` super-rich '' are affected by this . 
  equating media criticism and pegida 's slogans _ is _ a thought terminating cliche , though . 
  there really are large segments of our media that warrant significant criticism , and that comment was indicative of a skewed perspective ( by benefit of the doubt an accident ) but not of an entirely invented one . 
  `` luegenpresse '' is commonly used to say that someone 's perception is completely and voluntarily detached from reality , and it 's simply not fair to apply it to a foreigner who may have misinterpreted things . 
  and presenting someone as a comic book enemy , deliberately blurring definitions and then using the combined effect of those to attack them _ is _ spreading fud . 
  and as much as i _ hate _ disclaimers , to shorten this thing - this is n't a defense of the argument they attacked , in fact questioning the strategies of people you agree with is _ far _ more important than questioning your opponents . 
  that `` scare propaganda '' was inadvertently used by someone saying their cities are n't any more dangerous due to migration , i. e. probably not an evil racist . 
  i 'd much rather read straightforward nonsense than your brand of smug , sarcastic claim to present the truth . 
  / r/europe wants what its users want - if you care about its contents , produce them instead of simply saying `` this is all wrong '' . 
  such talk is cheap and counterproductive . 
  never had that , and according to wikipedia it 's probably very similar . 
  maybe people use different fish in different countries , i actually have no idea what fish the version i know comes from . 
  their use of `` luegenpresse '' retroactively proves that accusation right , though ... that 's all such thought terminating cliches do . 
  i did n't assume she has a vision , she 's a pretty ruthless power politician who knows how to appear non-threatening . 
  _ that 's _ what makes her outshine the rest , not the abstract notion of her politics being a boon to the country . 
  compared to her , most other politicians look like bumbling fools even if you look behind the mutti facade . 
  not that dissimilar to kohl actually - he had his heaps of fat , his dialect and his apparent simplicity to hide behind . 
  but merkel apparently is far more driven than he was . 
  there simply _ is _ no politician atm who could rival merkel , she outshines everyone else . 
  the social democrats are blindly stabbing the dark in attempts to produce some realpolitik , the greens have always been a bit detached from reality , the liberals insulted their voter base by abandoning their principles in favor of neoliberalism , the leftists are based on `` the stasi was n't all bad '' , and the rest is as relevant and as likely to change the country as the dirt under my fingernails . 
  all parties other than the union are currently a joke , there is no defensible alternative to merkel even within her own party . 
  yet - maybe some other great leader will emerge , but imho the entirety of our political structure needs some kind of upheaval to radically change its landscape . 
  it 's a result of the big parties moving closer to the center and abandoning their idealistic roots ; that may be a good thing in principle , but democracy needs contrasts . 
  people still eat dormouse ? 
  i 'm surprised , but they must have a reason - we literally ate ours to near extinction . 
  is it that much of a delicacy ? 
  is n't that just fish egg paste ? 
  that 's not weird , we have that , too - it 's quite good , not extreme in taste or origin . 
  you 'll sometimes find it at breakfast buffets . 
  the first video is obviously staged , but is the second ? 
  they genuinely seem like they do n't have any idea what they 're getting into . 
  swabia : [ saure kuattla ] ( http://www.kochproben.info/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/saure-kutteln.jpg ) - it 's cow stomach ( tripe ) cooked in a vinegar soured wine sauce , usually served with potatoes or spaetzle . 
  very much an acquired taste , and the texture is unlike any other food i know ( [ raw tripe looks ... interesting ] ( https://tripesoup.files.wordpress.com/2010/04/p4160039.jpg ) ) , but i love it . 
  edit : oh , we also have mett , which is simply spiced raw minced pork .
