  ok then , why do n't you have another go ? 
  i 'm sure you 'll have an epiphany soon , i 'll even make it easier for you : christianity : catholicism = judaism : ? 
  vatican : catholicism = israel : ? 
  and the thrilling conclusion : vatican : christianity = apples : oranges = israel : judaism, 
  ... you started that . 
  you do n't even have the balls for a proper ad hominem when you fail to understand , you just imply it ? 
  for shame . 
  i do n't think _ you _ are good at analogies . 
  israel is as much the jewish state as the vatican is the christian state , i. e. not . 
  or is every jew a zionist who believes that israel is the right place for a jewish state ? 
  still miles above fox news , and that 's not even the worst your country has to offer . 
  they do that with everybody , names are n't usually published even after conviction . 
  i 'm glad our news culture ( and media in general ) still has the slightest bit of honor and ethics left , as opposed to yours . 
  coming to that conclusion based on a reddit thread is even more ridiculous . 
  they were n't referring to the crime , they said the people of / r/europe think like that . 
  no , it would be anti-vatican , and probably anti-catholic . 
  it 's probably like that in english , but in german , you can say things like `` the police ordered an einsatzkommando to the site of the demonstration '' without implying that they 'd exterminate everyone there . 
  it 's more like `` unit of x tasked with a specific objective '' . 
  it 's rather misleading that the wikipedia article does n't clarify that , though it _ is _ set in italics to indicate that it 's a proper name instead of the actual word . 
  ah , so you mean a hideout for walking , convenient cliches ? 
  sounds about right . 
  the nazi conspiracy that forms the secret core of reddit , of course . 
  as much as you seem to need to believe that i 'm somehow commenting on israel with what i say , i must really disappoint you . 
  inferring bullshit to make someone look bad is an art form in rhetoric , and you suck at it . 
  i 'm angry because _ i _ ca n't use _ my own _ country 's flag because of people like you . 
  see how there 's no `` on behalf of others '' in there ? 
   and he was n't gereralizing and attacking the people of israel ? 
  what do i care what they said ? 
  i 'm not israeli , they can defend their own flag . 
  i 'm not getting offended on behalf of others , plus i 'm not touching that whole mess with a ten foot pole . 
  _ you _ were bashing an entire people , i was only criticizing the people who behave like you . 
  that you 'd interpret that as a sign of racism shows that you 're both projecting and not the smartest cookie in the jar . 
  people like you are the reason we do n't usually use it . 
  firstly , they 're not _ toting _ it , ffs - they 're identifying their nationality just like you are . 
  and secondly , that flag stands for the opposite of what you said . 
  not that you 'd care , though - any excuse to bash someone for their origin , right ? 
  that technology allows for easier integration does n't mean that the effects are the same as those of earlier migrations . 
  people keep saying `` this is what humanity has always been doing '' - no , it 's not , it 's completely different and the long-term effects are completely unforeseeable from that vantage point . 
  there are arguments for and against migration in modern times to be found , but as with a lot of things , we can not look at historical analogies here , we have to take a completely new perspective . 
  the similarities are there , of course , but they have become so minimal that they 're basically irrelevant . 
  using them as the key point of an argument makes about as much sense as advocating for massive increase in digital communications by saying `` people have been communicating for thousands of years '' . 
  that claim is very simply and objectively wrong , and to keep repeating it anyway _ is _ moronic . 
   people have been migrating around the world for as long as modern humans have existed . 
  i really ca n't stand this argument . 
  yeah , they have , but at a snail pace !, 
  it 's a _ completely _ different thing nowadays where you can get to the other side of the world within a few hours , the two processes are n't comparable in _ any _ way !, 
  i 'm not taking a stand here for either side because i 've given up on debating that kind of subject , but to `` justify '' open borders that way like so many people do is completely moronic . 
  no , you would n't - if a span of 14 years shows the same number as a span of three years and there have n't been any genocides , that means the person who made the map already did that . 
  that 's more expensive than in germany ... 
  1996-2010 and 2006-2008 paint roughly the same picture with similar numbers , so i 'd assume it 's the average yearly rate . 
  huh , interesting ... 
  i 've been drifting to the right constantly for several years now while my social views fluctuate around the same values , likely influenced by current events . 
  kinda unfair that plato had no possibility to respond , though . 
  ok , adding to bucket list . 
  i hope normal people are admitted as well . 
  also not true . 
  especially the jumping over bonfires part is also done here , in order to wish for luck for the next year , a good harvest or fertility . 
  lots of beer and suckling pig go with it , of course . 
  plus i 'm sure there are all kinds of local customs , germany is very diverse in regards to tradition . 
  edit : and i actually had no idea that the bonfires burn across seemingly all of europe . 
  i thought that was primarily a northern pagan thing . 
  i do n't really get why , though ... 
  i hate `` salad culture '' with a passion , but i really like the varied texture and taste of mixed vegetables if there 's some protein source to go with them . 
  sure i 'd prefer to eat prime rib every night , but that 's just not possible , and supermarket meat and sausage taste like shit and feel like random mush in your mouth . 
  not to even mention processed `` food '' . 
  i 'm with the manly men on the topic of beer and vodka and whisky and gin and absinthe and ... , though . 
   in reaction to the black book of communism ... 
  because germany . 
  is that something the french would care about ? 
  because that would make me the same as them , telling people that i am high and mighty enough to choose who they should vote for . 
  funny enough that you only ever get this kind of attitude from people who think they hold the moral high ground ... 
  got ta love the kind of model democrat who 'd destroy election posters ... 
  if that constitutes fascism , then more than half the world is living under fascist rule . 
  it 's nothing more than authoritarian . 
  show me where he 's tried to abolish the party system , institute himself as supreme leader and mobilize the masses with promises of utopia , then we can even begin to talk . 
  ( and no , voter fraud does not mean `` abolishing the party system '' , and a few clashes with syria do not mean `` mass mobilization '' . ), 
  the benchmarks for fascism are to be found in to 1920s and 1930s . 
  throwing the word around for every system you do n't like is an insult to the victims of those regimes and a disservice to humanity . 
  you 're trying to stifle rational discourse by hammering emotions into people 's heads with the biggest tool you can find , calling millions of people out for `` enabling fascism '' . 
  you think that 's justified ? 
  there 's no way to sink any lower in a political debate . 
  surprise , surprise : acting like an asshole makes people angry !, 
  oh bullshit ... people know exactly what kemalists are , and they often enough present themselves like the guy above . 
  _ that 's _ the reason they 're not liked , not because of the ignorance you so arrogantly infer . 
  yeah , we want neither islamists nor kemalists , sorry . 
  keep yodeling and waving dear leader 's portrait at each other and come back when you got rid of the - isms . 
   akp and other fascists oh fucking come on ... do we just call anything fascist now ? 
  that word has lost all meaning thanks to people like you . 
  it 's like semantic saturation by now ... fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist fascist . 
  that 's actually just the [ prussian eagle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/78/wappen_preu%c3%9fen.png ) plus swastika . 
  ah , that 's what you meant . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
   you realize the us was not holding a gun to the heads of french and german banks forcing them to buy greek debt right ? 
  where did they say that ? 
  yeah , that was a brain fart , you found it in the 30 seconds it was there . 
  my concentration is horrible for aforementioned reasons . 
  my point about germany and poland still stands . 
  sample size ? 
  edit : if i understand the paper below right , 1000 per country , so alright . 
  the data is the average of 1970 to 1995 , though .
