  why are you not glad she was saved from her molestery peers ? 
  that 's called the golden mean fallacy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_to_moderation i really do find that articles by moderately conservative newspapers ( such as the german faz ) do the best job at making reasonable statements about the whole issue . 
  they seem to be influenced neither by the extreme left nor the extreme right - a proper conservative will look down on both of them . 
  ( also liberal papers , of course , but those are _ always _ hit-and-miss no matter the circumstances - that 's their mission statement , after all . ), 
   fuck the left !, 
  -  no , fuck the right !!, 
  debate in 2015 . 
  are there any africans here ? 
  out of interest , is there a way to tell where someone comes from in africa just by looking at them ? 
  i 'd never seen a black before i was ~ 14 , so i have no idea if the different phenotypes are due to ` dilution ' or if they mean different ethnicities . 
  for an analogy , slavs probably look just like central europeans to someone who 's not used to white people but it 's usually possible to discern if someone has a slavic ancestry due to different cheek bones or chin bones . 
  ( i do n't mean forensically , in a living human - not sure if it 's _ actually _ the bones . ), 
  given the vast variety on the african continent ( edit : and its , you have to admit , plentiful ethnic conflicts ) , how do you discern amongst yourselves ? 
  i said `` seriously , though '' . 
  i was referring to the ( obviously distorted ) distillate of us media i receive . 
  and our respectable media in general does n't think that at all , you just get the shit tier as well . 
  seriously though , some of the news we get from your country really _ do _ sound like somalia . 
  it 's pretty much expected that people here would develop a negative image of your country when comparing such things to their own expectations of safety . 
  you have to admit it makes sense , though - _ why _ is someone able to undercut their competitors ? 
  unless your country has bigger fish to fry , that 's certainly an interesting thing to investigate - and finland does n't exactly strike me as a troubled country . 
  `` nothing to hide , nothing to fear '' is a dangerous concept when applied to private citizens , but businesses should n't expect privacy and that rule should be applied as much as it it is reasonable within the police budget . 
  and i 'm not even a leftist , i 'm a liberal - freedom from unreasonable oppression does n't mean freedom from law . 
  what few pre-ww2 sources i 've found do suggest it was originally a communist ( etc ) term , yes . 
  ( victor klemperer 's diary , for instance - dwds cites it at 1918 . ), 
  sorry , you do n't seem worth talking to . 
  not interested in yelling matches . 
  i would n't even say `` a fad '' , those names are pretty ... normal . 
  i looked them up on wikipedia , their siblings seem to all have average german names , so it 's not a case of kevinism - seems like southern names are for boys what eastern names are for girls from that meager sample size , but it fits my own perception . 
  about as much as pegida have to do with aids ... that person was just claiming to be concerned about the effect propaganda has on people 's consciousness and five minutes later they made that comment . 
   was n't the leader found out to be dressing like hitler ? 
  yeah , but that does n't reflect the mindset of a person who might have agreed with their ideals at one point and decided to join the rallies . 
  of course the leaders will be able to steer the group 's view , but if they 're capable at all , the group wo n't know . 
  their concept was to offer a way to voice thoughts that were always directly associated with groups that were excluded from the democratic process a priori . 
  in doing so , they attracted people who shared one opinion or the other but wanted to express them without associating themselves directly with far-right groups . 
  of course that included a group that actually held summarily far-right views and concealed it due to societal pressure , but it also included a group that merely had an overlap with their opinions - and there 's a wide variety of possible political stances that may have a far-right overlap without actually _ being _ far-right . 
  ( conservatives , national liberals , religious people etc. ), 
  they do n't represent the _ average _ german even if there are many average people among them , but the latter group certainly felt a need to make their opinions without being called extremists . 
  before pegida , they simply could n't , so it 's unsurprising that the idea was a tremendous success . 
  so much of what this movement represents , imho , is that political correctness should n't be a controlling factor in german politics - it just keeps a lid on things , which might be nice for a while , until the whole thing explodes in shrapnel . 
  we can be glad it 's just rallies , more repressive countries will probably see more extreme reactions . 
   true . 
  you 're right . 
  they 're more like ignorant children that throw tantrums . 
  they 're irrelevant in society and they 're desperately trying to show that they count . 
  completely irrational . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about - those people are n't mindless drones and humankapital , they do n't lose their rights once they adopt an opinion that you disagree with . 
  and representation or - more generally speaking - being heard by your sovereigns _ is _ a right in a democratic society . 
  as long as people like you keep dismissing them as ignorant nothings , they will only continue to amass . 
  the grandmothers might not be very fond of those names . 
  \\* ahem \\* no , they simply do n't sound very nice to german ears or have a direct and more bland equivalent . 
  ( no point in naming your child pawel if you could just name him paul . ), 
  if there are direct equivalents for all female names , it 's at least not as commonly known . 
  that name is n't uncommon for germans to give their children . 
  beautiful name , too , but i might be biased . 
  but the novelty of pegida is that there _ is _ no period of radicalization and no radical peer group - in my perception , many of them really are disenfranchised average citizens plus a good chunk of outliers from all kinds of groups . 
  there 's no reason to claim that this is extremist symbolism if someone was n't aware of it , and unless they 've actually been radicalized or are well-educated they wo n't be . 
  of course it would be very nice to make sure everybody has decent factual knowledge of history , but that 's a hard thing to achieve - and you calling them aids further down the thread is ... not exactly the most helpful tactic there . 
  no , i 'm supporting `` they 're poor '' as an argument against secession . 
  seceding when yours is one of the poorest parts of the country and you 're still enjoying soviet infrastructure does n't make a whole lot of sense . 
  and suggesting it does really _ is _ dumb , but that refers to a single moron , not saxony in general . 
  yes , so let 's keep all the syrians out - isis is ebolaidsyphilis in your framework , at the very least ... 
  that 's true , actually , they saw massive population flight - all the young people left for the west , and the remaining population would never be able to support themselves afaik . 
  yeah , the way he uses it is certainly smug and sarcastic , but if it were by definition not journalism he could n't have used it at all . 
  either way , `` journalism '' is neutral to me - '' _ good _ journalism '' as a label is _ really _ hard to achieve in my eyes . 
  that 's probably why i have difficulties with redefining the term - the average kaasbladl really is n't that much more valuable than bild . 
  well , yeah , but ... is that really less probable that someone knowingly quoting goebbels in a protest that 's viewed critically in the first place ? 
  not looking for any sardonic quips here , i really do think not knowing might be more likely . 
  i never heard about this through school or my parents , so where would the average lower / lower-middle class citizen hear about it ? 
  in history class in hauptschule , or by ardently studying the faz in their spare time ? 
  please ... 
  it 's probably impossible to make a proper case here without the proper resources - all you 'll find when looking for the term is about pegida anyway . 
  so i can just rely on my sprachgefuehl and say that it 's not improbable it may have been naively used for a slogan by someone who was n't aware of the word 's history . 
  that weird obsession with russia really is commonly associated with pegida , and talking points repeated by their supporters on forums etc. 
  support the association . 
  of course , the putinbots might have gotten wind of that and abused it , but germans ' view of russia is _ really _ weird and conflicted in general so it 's hard to argue about this . 
  no , not really , as a word itself it 's not as unusual and pointed as `` endloesung '' . 
  with that , you notice that there must be a distinct political connection . 
  but luegenpresse rolls off the tongue effortlessly and could really have been coined as `` lying press '' , particularly for shouted slogans due to the trochaic meter . 
  that comparison has been used since people started using the term . 
  it _ is _ fairly well-known as associated with 3rd reich propaganda , but it 's questionable how much of a connection there is given that most people there are n't exactly intellectuals . 
  they might just continue using it out of defiance since defaming an unintentional use that way would fit their claims about the press . 
  come on , you have to admit that you mr clean image makes for an ideal counterpoint to literal grenade attacks in your cities . 
  that people take the piss out of you for that is n't exactly surprising when such news would be scandalous in their own country . 
  i do n't remember something like this here in my lifetime - a cursory google search just yields dutch hell 's angels in nrw and one ( probable ) nutjob using a ww2 collectible in the last 15 years . 
  outside of movies and war zones , grenades exist as random war remnants for us , so it 's surreal to contrast this with a country commonly seen as safer than ours . 
  i do n't allow any cross-site requests or javascript - what am i to do ? 
  make specific exceptions to whitelist tracking networks and their scripts ? 
  that would need quite a bit of work , considering how much energy they put into preventing the opposite ... 
  well , even boell calls it journalism . 
  the cases that got publicity so far were people in public housing and the like whose homes were being repurposed as asylum center through a variety of avenues , but not literal eviction afaik . 
  that does n't really matter when that what they will hear - `` we 're losing our homes so migrants can live there '' . 
  great way to radicalize an already weak and alienated part of the population ... 
  ... were you just calling the taz a good paper or the faz and nzz respecting leftist sensibilities ? 
  that 's an urban legend . 
  ... and by anyone who finds your attitude just as annoying as theirs . 
  maybe more , at least they simply do n't care about being good and do n't use it as a weapon . 
  typical bratwurstjournalismus ... those are n't 50 people , either , as the article claims . 
  i would n't pay much attention to local papers anyway , no way to tell how much incompetence is to blame . 
  or just post news because they 're news , not because you want to post negative or positive ones ...
