  it 's a good idea to be careful with taking them at face value . 
   recalling the 10,000 jewish children that the u.k. rescued from the nazi threat between 1938 and 1940 that is one multifunctional tool , the holocaust ... 
  yeah , that message would have been funny in relation to ttip , but it has nothing to do with net neutrality . 
  also something about too many train stations . 
  [ fritz haarmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritz_haarmann ) , the vampire of hannover who together with an accomplice murdered at least 24 adolescents out of sexual motives by biting through their neck , then dismembering the corpses and ( rumored at least ) selling them as meat for human consumption . 
  the famous movie '' [ m ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/m_%281931_film%29 ) '' is inspired by him . 
  edit : oh , and outside my own home country ( i have sort of a morbid fascination for those cases ) i find the case of [ peter scully ] ( http://www.radioaustralia.net.au/international/2015-03-07/australian-man-gerard-peter-scully-formally-charged-with-murder-child-sexual-abuse-in-the-philippine/1422619 ) in australia the most `` interesting '' recently - allegedly trafficked children from the philippines , streamed the rape videos overseas and forced them to [ dig their own graves ] ( http://www.news.com.au/national/crime/alleged-paedophile-peter-gerrard-scully-made-his-young-victims-dig-their-own-graves/story-fns0kb1g-1227243686337 ) before murdering them . 
  sounds like one of the `` bad guys '' from dexter . 
  ( sources seem bad , but unfortunately , i have zero idea what good australian sources are . ), 
  not really , no . 
  i think that was their point . 
  what do you have for christmas ? 
  the christ child like us ? 
  ( not actually baby jesus , an angel like this : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/christkind#/media/file:christkind_in_struwwelpeter_1845.jpg ), 
   more than half of those surveyed thought spitting could transmit it . 
  in fact , tb is usually spread by close and prolonged contact with someone who is coughing and sneezing . 
  i 'm really surprised it 's only half , especially with something uncommon as tb . 
  not exactly an unreasonable jump from coughing to spitting as a transmission method . 
  you said you `` deny '' such things are happening . 
  your claim is invalidated by one single anecdote . 
  edit : oh great , using `` brown people '' below ... never have i read one single post containing this that would n't have made the user a member in the ` little black book ' club . 
  what kind of barbarian would throw a pheasant into a _ soup _ ? 
  marry them , then divorce them . 
  i 'm afraid that your usual scheme of `` naked -  money '' may not be applicable in this case . 
  does anal count as `` non-traditional '' ? 
  russia might find itself in a bit of a pickle when defining the term . 
  people before were playing opposite day . 
  apparently , / u/rightard thinks that like other subs , they usually allow only acceptable , visual , all-inclusive pictures now . 
  that is kinda true , from my perception - it 's simply become a circlejerk with completely meaningless `` visualizations '' that might seems somewhat `` trendy '' at first glance . 
  just think back , how many `` infographics '' with `` minimalistic '' color schemes that displayed stereotypical stick figures under stylish numbers have you seen ? 
  none of those express more than two lines of text , but for some reason , some people call them `` beautiful data '' . 
  ( yeah , yeah , i know the current submissions do n't reflect it , but i _ tried _ to subscribe multiple times . ), 
  i absolutely _ loved _ the sub when it was smaller - i love visualizing data myself , however bad i might be at it - , but since then so many ignorant teenagers of a foreign culture have immigrated that it 's just not tolerable any more . 
  it 's simply yet another completely meaningless echo chamber now . 
  because it 's just a useless mantra that 's been repeated ad nauseam now - everybody has already heard it . 
  it 's noise , not signal . 
  would have as much to do with `` data '' and `` beautiful '' as half the things on that sub anyway ... 
  to point out that if not carefully designed , your system may be just as subject to dismissal as ours - he 'd obviously take that avenue . 
  i did n't say anything about him , i did n't say anything about norway , i did n't leave it at `` extending his sentence '' - please proof-read your `` corrections '' as often as i do with my comments now thanks to people like you . 
  or just refrain from making them at all , like i 'm beginning to do ... no desire to deal with nonsense like this . 
  i did n't claim either of those things you refuted . 
  that 's been ruled illegal by the human rights court before , unless provisions for extension were set up beforehand . 
  great , just what we needed - yet another civil contributor to this insightful debate . 
  not like we did n't have enough of them already . 
   it 's the topic of the article ; christian virginity checks . 
  it is not . 
  but your demeanor does n't exactly invite to talk to you , so let 's just leave it at that . 
  that 's a single example , not a statistic . 
  oh cute , it appears that austrian reductio ad hitlerum is even more crude than the german version . 
  oh good , tor needed some new relays . 
   yes , they put the burden on the state to solve this no , not just this - all of their chosen words evoke very distinct feelings in this context . 
  they claim that just rioting was the tiny shining light at the end of the tunnel of borderline inhumane suffering for those miserable people , but oh lo , oh woe , nobody cared . 
  that 's not journalism , that 's dreck . 
  ( and i 'm glad to see you adopted that word from us . 
  edit : whoops , not you - the brits . 
  not that you speak much else nowadays . ), 
  i 'm entirely in agreement that the banlieues ( what little i know of them , but any low-down district probably ) need creative approaches by well-meaning people and there need to be practical projects to change the cited `` culture of defeat '' . 
  i just absolutely ca n't stand this kind of `` reporting '' . 
  their wording shows that that is not at all what they meant _ to express _ - it may be is the reason for what they express , but not the essence of it . 
  just look at the rest of the article to put it into context , but that sentence alone would suffice . 
  the number is far from unreasonable if you include a prediction of reunifications ( it 's even ridiculously low ) , but at that point you 're making a prediction based upon a prediction which i 'm not comfortable with . 
  so i did n't factor that in . 
  edit : oh , in case you meant reunifications _ this year _ stemming from the current crisis - that 's unlikely to be a factor at all due to how lengthy the bureaucratic process is here . 
  opinion pieces are opinion pieces - lots of good papers run questionable ones because that 's basically the duty of independent journalism , but they tend to balance things out . 
  the lack of such opposing pieces is usually a problem , not the presence of the questionable ones . 
  oh , well , then you have nothing to worry about !, 
  i wish you godspeed !, 
  and even if you do n't get a reply , which is highly unlikely - they 've never even seen you , so it _ ca n't _ have anything to do with you personally . 
   how are they supposed to track isp network traffic without a court order ? 
  download a torrent you have the license to distribute , note ip addresses of peers . 
  those are evidence of breaking the law , enough for getting officials involved . 
  a child can do that . 
   largely based on a bluff afaik that 's a dangerous myth in germany . 
  my mother had someone abuse her wifi ( damn factory-set wep ... ) and i did some research for her , and many apparently trustworthy people in law ( including friends of mine ) say that it 's at least a gamble . 
  you may not have to pay the fine but you do risk that you 're taken to court as an example . 
  that goes for simply _ ignoring _ it - there are other avenues , such as sending them a modified acceptance of cease and desist , but from what i gather it 's not as clear-cut as it may appear to the layman , either . 
  law that 's as undefined as that of the internet is frustrating even to professionals , and obviously more so to others . 
  ( see how many people still include the `` hyperlink disclaimer '' in their websites , and i saw lengthy refusals with lots of laws and cases of those 15 years ago ... might not want to trust the common man on this . ), 
  then i can only advise you to make the call - or write a letter or go in person and ask to sit in if it 's easier for you . 
  you can either expect someone very friendly and understanding or a bored secretary setting the bureaucratic wheels in motion , but not something that would devalue you . 
  or if that might be easier , handling such cases is social workers ' bread and butter , so they would likely arrange everything for you if you do n't want to talk on the phone ( which is common with anxiety because you ca n't gauge nonverbal communication ) . 
  would n't your people be in general favour of just about anything that changes the political system ? 
  yours has struck me as the most , uh , funny one in europe for quite a while . 
  in other countries you at least know what you have - cleptocracy , democratorship , cronyism - , but i could n't think of a more descriptive word than `` interesting '' from what i see of italian politics . 
   it is 10 years since france 's urban riots of 2005 promised to be the wake-up call that would force an end to the inequalities of ghetto high-rises in the suburban banlieues . 
  sentences like this are why i ca n't take the guardian seriously . 
  if that 's what suits you , it would a good idea as well - you can usually just sit back for as long as you want and not say anything ; there are usually also signals to tell people you want to be ignored entirely ( such as moving you chain [ ed . 
  chair !, 
  nobody gets chained ] back ) . 
  just make sure it 's overseen by someone who 's qualified - without guidance , such groups quickly turn into commiseration circles , imho . 
  plus , there 's nothing negative you 'd have to expect from a professionally guided group - remember , by virtue of their education alone there 's probably nothing about a human that would shock a therapist , and they 'll be quick to cut off people who might unreasonably project their own problems onto you . 
  the only exception i 've seen was fresh from university and probably more scared than her first-time patients . 
  i know those fears - they 're unfounded , but something that will stay with you even during therapy because they are likely an essential part of your problem . 
  do n't let them discourage you , make the first step . 
  if it helps , you may want to abstract your problems as a separate entity within you so you you have something concrete to fight , and the therapist as a mere function instead of a person with feelings . 
  that can help silence many fears at least long enough to make the call . 
  they do n't help much because there probably are no stimuli which they can support . 
  like most other drugs , they make feelings more audible , they just have a strong tendency to support one particular kind of feeling . 
  those stimuli are something someone with a lesser problem might get from slight changes in their lifestyle etc. , but if you 're disabled due to that this wo n't be enough . 
  that 's what a therapist is for - depending on the method , to show you a new outlook on some things or to help you find them yourself .
