  oh please , read again what they replied to and stop claiming that correcting that picture means saying that germany was the victim . 
  that 's manipulative crap and you know it . 
  at least the original comment was only pouting incorrectly instead of trying to play self-righteous moral crusader ... 
  well , ukraine _ is _ russian territory . 
  it all makes sense !, 
  2m _ in company assets _ , not liquid cash . 
  that 's _ far _ from `` fatcat '' . 
  wow , it 's quite rare to see the elusive double strawman in the wild !, 
  this guy was n't following any kind of order , though - in fact , he consciously violated many of the ones he was supposed to follow . 
  stereotype , yes , but i 've never seen it confirmed . 
  there are some places that do have a problem ( rosenheim , for example ) , but i 've never had any bad experiences myself , and i look like a foreigner . 
  sure , if you define `` relevant '' as `` whenever it helps to force people to submit to my view '' . 
  and to be clear , i do agree with that view , but it 's despicable to manipulate people like this . 
  you might make a more convincing point if you left out godwin 's hammer in the future ... 
  do n't take up the us 's bad habits and scream `` racism '' every time you feel slighted ... 
  the ones living up there are rejects - we did n't want them , either . 
  unsurprising they give swabia a bad name . 
  ( well , them and stuttgarter dialect ... ), 
  they were just joking about how eesti can neither into relevant nor into nordic . 
  probably german , then - it 's a common insult here . 
  i , for one , believe we should institute a worldwide copulate . 
  you 're about 150 years late for that feeling . 
  except for the strategic position and coal , germany has pretty bad tiles . 
  yeah , that 's a different point . 
  imho , we really should see asylum as a temporary aid for people in dire need whom we treat as guests , try to accommodate in their differences and expect little of , as it has been for more than a millennium . 
  in no way does that include an obligation to support someone permanently , and at one point we have to consider the needs of the country . 
  i. e. normal immigration procedures should apply after that need has passed , and thus their status changes if they 're capable of contributing and integrating by their own will , without needing much assistance . 
  anything else just is n't sustainable in the long run and a recipe for disaster . 
  i know it 's not that easy to implement this in the real world , but there are way too many feelings and baseless accusations being thrown around to get clear , rational and profitable procedures established . 
  edit : or to put it short - i would value an us-like immigration system that is primarily profit-oriented while still continuing to accommodate refugees out of compassion . 
  but the two systems would have to be completely separated . 
  edit2 : and regardless of those points , of course , the distinction is relevant for statistical purposes in any case . 
  it 's more like `` grumble '' , signifying complaint instead of aggression . 
   intentionally encouraging or assisting an offence : under section 44 of the act , someone commits this offence if they engage in an activity that encourages or assists the commission of an offence ; and they intend to encourage or assist in its commission . 
   encouraging or assisting an offence believing it will be committed : under section 45 of the act , someone will commit this offence if they engage in an activity that encourages or assists the commission of an offence ; and they believe that the offence will be committed and their act will encourage its commission . 
   encouraging or assisting offences believing one or more will be committed : the components for this offence under section 46 are the same as under section 45 , except that the person encouraging or assisting the commission of the offences has no belief as to which specific offence will be committed ( yet believes that one will be ) . 
  http://www.findlaw.co.uk/law/criminal/crimes_a_z/500491.html they 're right . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue she intends to goad someone on during murder or really believes someone will go out and commit one due to her tweets . 
  sorry if the law hurts your feelings . 
  sort of understandable , looking at your history ... 
   i 've never actually heard anything like that from that side . 
  then search for `` biodiversity '' , for example . 
  it 's simply untrue that things like that are never said , regardless of personal opinion towards that stance . 
  at least in germany , people think about turkey and not africa when asked about non-eu immigration . 
  and i 'm not aware of any problems with africans , either - they 're either asylum seekers or just normal , not known for being anti-german or things like that . 
  asylum seekers are n't immigrants . 
  i have no idea why the two are so commonly conflated . 
  it ca n't be just due to propaganda from both sides of the aisle , and it 's not like the concept is that hard to understand , either . 
  the superego is a powerful thing . 
   no countries near sweden have a refugee problem . 
  depends on your definition - germany does have a refugee problem in the sense that we have no place to put them , for instance . 
  they commonly get makeshift container housing now , but even production of those ca n't keep up with the demand . 
  ... what about a bar chart ? 
  if circle areas are intuitive to you , this seems to be an encounter of the third kind . 
  i ca n't understand how it would be , honestly . 
  look at poland - `` half '' the circle is full , but it 's 1/5 of the number . 
  you see that intuitively ? 
  i mean obviously , anyone who knows basic math will know that it 's a lot less , but without calculating it i could n't say to what degree . 
  and `` calculating it '' is the opposite of intuitive , even if it 's just sqrt 25 . 
  look at germany - is seems as if there is a minor difference between the quota we should take and the one we do take , when in fact it 's 108k vs 173k , i. e. we take 160 % of our share . 
  does that circle look like that ? 
  ( geometrical reason of course being that circle area is pi * r ^ 2 , i. e. it does n't increase linearly like the eye would expect in this case , but quadratically which diminishes the visual effect . 
  it 's a pretty classic move if you want to purposefully misrepresent data , but in this case i believe they were just being idiots . ), 
  next they 'll probably accuse you of being a fake jew trying to earn sympathy points . 
  what a laughable attempt at manipulation ... 
  whoever chose to use circles for this deserves to be slapped with a geometry textbook ... 
  i lived at the swiss border for half my life , and i simply know rural tribal mentality . 
  _ any _ stranger is a suspect , it has nothing to do with race . 
  that 's something city people just do n't seem to understand , so they dismiss rural folk as primitive ( edit : driven to racism by lack of culture ) . 
  but calling something `` racism '' is an extreme thing to do as that word carries _ enormous _ weight . 
  a lot of people seem to abuse that deliberately to elevate themselves , which i despise . 
  rephrased for your convenience . 
  i 'm not a jerk by nature , i 'm a jerk to people who demand that everything be idiotproof . 
  they 're currently working towards destroying the western world , after all . 
  and my username is a grindcore reference . 
  i like jellyfish stew . 
  it 's like they do n't teach reading in school any more ... hint , reading does n't only involve the action itself after the first year , but also interpretation . 
  that someone would assume that `` like , _ literally _ nazis '' could be meant seriously is ludicrous , and putting that idiotic and in 90 % of cases misused / s after it only serves to dumb people down further towards those who ca n't read . 
  and i wo n't fashion my posts to be understandable by that bottom percentile . 
  i was about as serious as if i had referred to a german as a `` nazi '' . 
  tribal mentality does _ not _ equal racism . 
  it may be difficult for city people to understand , but it 's very unfair to the point of deliberate manipulation to apply that _ extreme _ stigma to something that merely appears similar from the outside and at a passing glance . 
  and you know that , too - you just want to feel better than `` those primitive apes '' . 
  that the swiss are , like , _ literally _ nazis . 
  pseudo-superior fucktards , just ignore them ... 
  yes , that is why most swiss children have the habit of marching with rifles and practicing inflammatory speeches in their free time . 
  how so ? 
  i had zero problems when traveling by rail in 2006 . 
  granted , everything seemed to be old , but not rotting or obviously unmaintained . 
  ( then again , i had the same basic experience in india - apart from hanging out of a moving train , which was fun - , so maybe my standards are low . ), 
  ... yes , i did mean that . 
  bavaria brews lots of bock , andechser in particular is famous , as is the yearly starkbierzeit and the nockherberg festival . 
  yeah , northerner , as i said . 
  bock beer is awesome and not trampagne at all . 
   a few 7 + trampagne/pennersaft type beers . 
  northern german spotted ... 
  jesus , i do n't want to appear like i 'm getting into some serious bullshit argument here , but to spell it out because this behavior and the associated purposeful obtuseness _ really _ annoys me in general - you have the self-important `` superiority '' and public appeal of a missionary vegan , coming into a place where one subject is discussed but having to bring up something related but completely unprompted because you would n't otherwise be able to demonstrate your superiority . 
  there were absolutely zero judgmental comments at the time of you posting , so you two brought the issue up yourself in order to weigh your position against it , reaffirming each other how far above the common plebs you are even though the plebs showed no sign of inferiority . 
  is that goddamn clear enough ? 
  they do , there are color schemes even meant to be discernible in black and white .
