  i ca n't count the number of times i felt similar anger at similar editorials , but that 's just what such pieces want to do - provoking reasonable people into emotional reactions may allow them to see things from a different perspective . 
  at least that 's my personal experience ; i usually _ very much _ try to find reasonable , level-headed and in-depth articles that try to show all kinds of different perspectives , and a polemic piece that yanks me out of that rut once in a while is n't a bad thing to read . 
  ( if it 's good , of course , which is why the average reddit comment may sit ... less well with me and this one is rather hit-and-miss . ), 
  this piece , at any rate , is not representative of the german media or the zeit _ at all _ - really and honestly . 
  as i said , polemics are an extremely rare art form here , so this is really not a good example to look at when trying to describe our perspective on your country . 
  ha , really ?!, 
  link ? 
  yeah , that 's something that requires a lot of context . 
  the zeit generally avoids taking any side by editorial policy and does so by publishing some articles from all over the spectrum ( that gravitate around the positions between the old spd and the old fdp ) . 
  furthermore , being a weekly , they concentrate on cultural meta aspects instead of concrete policies . 
  both those things are reflected in this article - it 's a vicious polemic indeed , but the message is n't `` austria bad '' as it outwardly appears , it criticizes the entire media and political circus around that event . 
  and that circus certainly justified a vicious reaction - they just chose to use you as the puppet to dress up with it . 
  it may be very easily misread as a criticism of austria specifically if you do n't know the range of tones and targets they use , but such articles by them are few and far between and generally balanced by level-headed analyses that put them into context . 
  well , unless you point to a specific article i ca n't comment on the context , unfortunately - maybe you only get to see our shit tier . 
  but that really does n't reflect my general impression . 
  reasonable media here are generally sueddeutsche , zeit and frankfurter ( left to right ) , plus the public ones ( ard , zdf , br ) if you can properly assess their political background - i do n't know which of those are commonly consumed in austria . 
  are n't your nature reserves mostly fjaell - i. e. no trees to cut down in the first place ? 
  or do you have actual ( large amounts of ) ancient forests ? 
  they did n't look like that to me . 
  `` muricanpatriot76 '' , posting in broken english ? 
  either you are the caricature of your country incarnate or you 're putin himself . 
  may want to choose a new identity . 
  the djs munich has a very good reputation for straight journalism programs ( that 's not reflected by their website , i must admit ) , and german journalism in itself does as well if you choose the right papers . 
  ( the upper segment is very fair , and the press code is rigid . ), 
   but recently the german media is outright hostile to austria , especialy if austrian politics dare to disagree with merkel . 
  huh ? 
  what media ? 
  not the respectable segment if i did n't miss anything . 
  austria does n't show up very much at all , really , you 're simply seen as a transit country that could n't be expected to stem the tide , or at least that 's my general impression . 
  `` it 'll be fine '' is n't the most reasonable approach to handling a crisis , either ... who cares if the refugees freeze to death because `` do n't worry , be happy '' , right ? 
  germany favorite ( personally ) : poland , very nice , simple , straightforward people favorite ( politically ) : france , powerful ally least favorite : uh ... saarland ? 
  do n't know , neither i nor ( i think ) my government have a conceivable reason to be angry at a neighbor state . 
  poland a few years ago , maybe , but they 've since toned down the rhetoric . 
  of course having more people instead of robots increases costs , but as long as we have n't found a decent solution on how to transit to a post-scarcity economy , training people to work smarter instead of harder is certainly the best approach on a societal level . 
  and that 's what you learn in an apprenticeship . 
  i do n't see how the need for a market is ultimately relevant there . 
  you could argue with just the same against mechanization ; why increase productivity if there 's nobody to but your products ? 
  and china i would n't exactly call a potential replacement for what we have in that system . 
  we 're doing well with it , and the workers ' qualifications justify not replacing them by 3rd world slaves . 
   that would be the internship , which for example in france is supposed to be a learning period too so you are not involved in any actual productive work . 
  no , but you 'll be able to _ observe _ others . 
  being interested in art , for example , i did my internship before university in an artisan foundry , and while i had high regards for the crafts before ( my grandfather was a master lather requested to help build factories worldwide ) , observing the craft in everyday business only heightened my appreciation . 
   but on a national level , you only move forward as a society if you produce a lot of added value . 
  masons and carpenters are fine , but google and apple are better . 
  but those would never work without something to build on . 
  one of the cores of german success is the importance we place on the _ mittelstand _ - that is , small to medium , often family-owned businesses that produce a limited range of supplies for big business and innovate in very specific areas . 
  and the reason we 're able to do so is probably because of the apprenticeship system and the high practical qualifications needed to open a _ mittelstand _ business . 
  well , yeah . 
  but if you look at people like master masons , carpenters , founders , lathers - those are all things where you want a craftsman instead of an engineer . 
  and they may be just as highly skilled through experience in a different way . 
  any engineer will have gone through a practical semester or two where they ( hopefully ) learn not to look down on masterful craft skills . 
  it 's weird that this appears to be such an outlandish concept to most of europe . 
  14 percent overall when it 's 42 percent in germany ? 
  that must mean that basically no youth from other countries are in apprenticeships . 
  and it 's such a straightforward idea - go learn from a master when you 're coming to be of age , it 's all over our novels and cultural concepts . 
  you even still see traveling apprentices in their [ traditional outfits ] ( http://ais.badische-zeitung.de/piece/00/2a/b4/0a/2798602.jpg ) quite bit , and someone who sees it through to the end and becomes a master themselves is held in similarly high regard as a university graduate ( depending on the field ) . 
  well , where western conservatives are about handing on the flame , they may deal more in embers . 
  both defensible concepts . 
  ah , i thought defection was equivalent to deserting in english . 
  usually , yes , but it 's something to be aware of . 
  and i would n't call dissidence `` defecting '' - most of those people probably are n't military . 
  ... then why do they advertise there ? 
  that sounds a bit pointless . 
  because it works . 
  you have to go pretty far to the left or conservative or liberal side here to find someone who 'd want to abandon soziale marktwirtschaft . 
  no , it was directed at _ me _ , not my arguments . 
  bit of a difference - the bit that makes the difference between `` argue with '' and `` laugh at '' . 
  the nyt 's original story might be worth having a look on instead . 
  that article is rather sensationalist . 
  they _ quote _ vice , wow . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/24/books/review/the-auschwitz-volunteer-by-witold-pilecki.html?_r=2 edit : heh , the nyt describes racism as `` zoological nationalism '' . 
  i like it . 
  analyzing is n't over-analyzing . 
  the way people handle themselves in the current debate in general says _ a lot _ about our societies . 
  no party is exempt from their approach being looked at , and yours seemed simply hypocritical as per the thought that it was judgmental as well as accidentally self-defeating . 
  that sounds very similar to what i eat - mainly almost unprocessed things and basic foodstuffs . 
  i know that germany has exceptionally cheap food when compared to income , but that in absolute terms serbia is more expensive even when you divide your number by 2 is surprising . 
  you may want to mail the huffington post so that they 'll include me in their next edition of `` faces of hatred '' . 
  and do n't forget to x-post to / r / european so that they can include you in their equivalent . 
  you might even be able to convince some people that you 're a stormfront false flag operation , that gives you a third avenue to lobby !, 
  obviously . 
  i was just using the simplest example to say that we do have politically segregated areas . 
  is food that expensive in serbia ?!, 
  i spend about 3 euros a day . 
  of course i did n't , what would make you think your post gave the impression of someone to exchange arguments with ? 
  and the person i was talking to did n't respond any more . 
  and all you people are capable of is apparently yelling . 
  i do n't know how who those `` you people '' are , but you have just about as much to go on as i do to put on your ideological blinders and make broad , sweeping judgments only supported by more yelling . 
  well yes , of course i 'm being condescending - i said the way you wrote your post warranted it . 
  some things are inferior to others , and saying things like `` it 's because they do n't like brown people '' ( while maybe true if taken absolutely literally ) is obviously an attempt at provoking those exact irrational responses you say you consider negative . 
  your own argument pretty much supports dismissing your post . 
  ... write a new comment or do n't expect a response . 
  i mean i could literally like type angry incoherences in all caps all day and i would n't expect anyone to take me seriously , either . 
  then express an actual point you may have without smug condescension next time and reserve the condescension for what is n't a base instinct but for its expression as a thought . 
  like your base human instinct expressed in your examples may be regrettable , but your way of expressing it is worthy of being looked down upon . 
  some countries also use `` asylum seeker '' to exclusively mean `` political asylum seeker '' , such as chinese dissidents . 
  but i think op was n't asking for the different definitions , i think they meant how the different groups are treated in different countries . 
  taken at face value , yes , but some countries really are filling with refugees - germany 's asylum centers are struggling at an increasing rate , and the bureaucratic processes ca n't hold up . 
  it 's not that easy to just give an oil tanker of a country a completely new heading and have a reasonable policy as a result , so for all intents and purposes that _ is _ `` filling up '' . 
  and i ca n't imagine that sweden has it easier , for example .
