  most people who make such maps do n't use cartography software , though , they just fill in the shapes in gimp or inkscape . 
  cartography software can be _ really _ hard to use due to the complexity of the subject . 
  not any more , they switched to yahoo because google is essentially a competitor . 
  chrome 's major advantage is multithreading - the ui runs in its separate thread , and so does every tab . 
  that means on modern processors , they do n't influence each other very much , whereas in ff a faulty website can trip up the ui to the point of hanging or crashing . 
  ( like when loading a large reddit thread in the background , you ca n't go on scrolling the frontpage because the browser hangs . ), 
  but ff will get multithreading this year as well and it 's out in alpha already , just many extensions wo n't work with it yet . 
  ff 's advantage , of course , is the ridiculous configurability , which is why i 'll keep using it no matter what . 
  you can simply use chromium , it 's chrome with a few minor features removed and open source . 
  i use it occasionally because it renders some sites better ( and the lack of multithreading in ff is annoying as fuck ) , ymmv . 
  confirm it to yourself , not objectively , of course ... you 're like a vegan telling people how awful they are for eating hamburgers in a thread about french fries . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant by `` confirming their moral superiority '' . 
  unfortunately , you had to manufacture the possibility to do so in this thread , but i 'm sure you 'll make it work . 
   it 's not against the law to hurt someone 's feelings in the us . 
  from how serious an accusation `` this is offensive '' seems to be , one could get a different impression , though . 
  we do n't even really have an equivalent to that sentence , but we do have laws against insulting people - basically the exact opposite situation . 
  they 're angry nobody has yelled about how muslims are subhuman yet and want to start a `` debate '' that confirms their moral superiority . 
  good thing / u/thyrotoxic is helping !, 
  yeah , same as / r/worldpolitics , really . 
  it 's obvious that people whit non-pc opinions would be drawn to boards that do n't censor and where they truly feel able to just speak their mind . 
  that definitely does make those subs hard to take for the average person , and i can see why it would turn someone off , but speaking as a liberal ( do fuck off with your us definition ) , i really appreciate being able to read people 's unfiltered opinions . 
  i just wish more average users would overcome their disgust and participate - it would be awesome if those subs were an accurate representation of political opinion , which ca n't be said for their mainstream equivalents . 
  no matter how set in their ways some people are , i 'm convinced that open dialogue and unrestricted debate are the best way to make radicals see reason , or at least plant the seed for that . 
  it 's sad that authoritarian-minded people ( mostly leftists ) all over this site just label any participants as `` reactionary '' regardless of their views , as if there was some kind of toxin in free thought that you can unwillingly get cancer from ... ed . 
  ... and that is exactly why a federated eu would be awful . 
  it would bog us down even _ more _ , considering the differences between nations . 
  people like to pretend we 're all the same , one big happy family , but poland is the racist grandma , germany the hardass military dad , and spain the rebellious teen who just wants to chillax , to put it provocatively . 
  that family would be as fun and productive as many irl , just that the bickering takes years instead of a christmas dinner after which you can happily forget them for another year . 
  you know that all of the well-known animated ones are available on youtube in french , english , german and spanish ( at least ) , right ? 
  they can be a bit hard to search for , and the quality is usually sub-par , but it completely suffices for indulging in nostalgia . 
  [ tintin au tibet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_gywuho6o7i ) . 
  [ asterix le gaulois ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thbjzrydslc ) [ le marsupilami - rien ne vas plus ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r0v3utdnlsw ), 
   diplomatic cables sent two days before the crash said the situation had become `` very alarming '' , german media say . 
  well , ___ duh ___ . 
   i support the death penalty and think its such a shame that the eu forbids member states from having it . 
  i am often downvoted when i mention that because many see that as uneuropean . 
  it 's not regarded as european because it is n't . 
  the death penalty is justifiable under a utilitarian code of ethics , which is why it still exists in the us . 
  but europe is founded in the enlightenment , which means it is founded in dispositional ethics . 
  and dispositional ethics _ never _ allow to kill a human being for abstract gain such as revenge or justice , only in circumstances like self-defense . 
  granted , those principles were disregarded for a long time , but after ww2 , europe turned back to its foundations and it 's worked very well for us . 
  it 's imho important to stay consistent within one particular set of ethics - you ca n't just mix and match utilitarian and dispositional ideas because they differ at their base . 
  i was of course being hyperbolic , but what i meant is that history classes in school pretty much exclusively revolve around ww2 . 
  it was basically `` stone age , medieval age , founding of germany , hitlerhitlerhitlerhitler , also there were some hippies '' . 
  every year after grade 8 or so , we came back to the same topic until everyone was sick of it . 
  and you ca n't help but feel a tremendous amount of guilt and shame if the atrocities get repeated again and again with the message `` this is what your grandparents did '' , especially as an impressionable teenager . 
  as a consequence , people who play with those feelings can make others shut up _ very _ quickly , which is what i referred to when talking about later in life . 
  for instance , we get constantly guilted into giving israel free stuff like submarines , and jewish organizations in germany ( like the central council of jews , zentralrat der juden ) have a large amount of power for how small their numbers are . 
  that all results in everyone being _ constantly _ mindful of how they appear and influences our foreign policy a lot . 
  the first time i saw some actual callous dismissal ( as , imho , should happen to blatant attempts at manipulation ) was when the greeks recently said they were owed billions in war reparations still - that was n't very well received considering they asked for a similar amount as what they owe _ us _ . 
  we get taught that we 're personally responsible for the murder of millions of people from the point where we 're politically sentient . 
  every third day for about six years - if you do n't count the news , then it 's for life . 
  i thought it was us germans because ... well , i do n't think i have to explain why . 
  the flemish and dutch regions should n't , but eupen-malmedy probably will if belgium collapses . 
  as for another unpopular opinion : that 's what intelligent conservatism means . 
  handing on the fire , not preserving the ashes . 
  i can recommend tacitus ' annales for some insight into the topic . 
  i 'm not quite through yet , it 's a challenging read , but with a bit of interpretation it 's pretty fascinating how someone 's outlook on the topic was at the time compared to someone who learns about it today . 
  with the difference that those are n't religious nuts but `` organic '' - obsessed `` all natural '' waldorf `` alumni '' . 
  my mother , coming from a family of traditional farmers , likes to buy _ actual _ small farm organic food , and as such she and i have come into contact with quite a few of those particular nutbags ... 
  i despise hippies even more since then . 
  they even ran a cult-like `` farm commune '' near where we lived , their insanity was in the papers quite a bit until they finally got shot down for what was basically slavery . 
  you say `` nerven '' with a soft w ? 
  duden lists it with an f. 
  and we do n't talk about the retarded lovechild we have with them . 
  you do know that `` killing trees '' by using paper is pretty much completely bullshit , right ? 
  paper comes from tree farms that are explicitly planted to yield cellulose . 
  unless you somehow attribute sentience to trees , using paper does n't hurt the forests . 
  otherwise , do you think there would be a single tree left in europe ? 
  it 's an interesting subject for sure , but your link also suggests that she might perceive her death as punishment and several similar traumatic experiences . 
  not trying to put a blemish on people 's nice gesture here , i 'm just wondering if the whole situation will serve to ease her suffering in the end . 
  the dutch word for `` hugs '' is really `` knuffels '' ? 
  that 's adorable . 
  edit : heh , even english speakers respond to the word like that according to this subthread . 
  in german , it 's an exceedingly cute pet name for your partner , or the ( again overly cute ) diminuitive of knuff , one of those `` punches '' you might give someone in loving jest . 
  it 's interesting that the general air of the word is preserved across language borders . 
  that 's a bit of a weird request - she has n't been told about her illness by her parents , so what will she think if she suddenly gets thousands of postcards ? 
  even a three-year-old will understand that this does n't happen every day . 
  wo n't the message hit _ much _ harder when she learns the reason for something that made her happy ? 
  it 's typical in _ every _ caricature , you overzealous moron . 
   putin has a big nose which is typical in racist charicatures . 
  head -  desk . 
  seems like the readers of satire magazines have n't changed much in a century . 
   also the cars of residents of frankfurt did not contribute to the eurocrisis only fatcat bankers live in frankfurt anyway , also hitler drove a mercedes . 
  fight capitalist fascism !, 
  only to people who are purposely being obtuse ... 
  the difference being that spon is even worse sensationalist garbage ... 
  if you describe someone as a self-described intellectual , it means you 're insulting them as a pretentious moron . 
   if it has been written by spiegel staff , der spiegel is in really bad shape . 
  well , _ duh _ . 
  spiegel has been known as a tabloid for self-described intellectuals for at least a decade now . 
  he absolutely does not . 
  good thing you did n't realize that , otherwise you yourself might be under investigation by the thought police now ... 
  that 's the entire concept of basic income , paying for something like that by abolishing any and all other state support . 
   did n't mean that we have world famous old town . 
  you do , though . 
  it 's a uniquely preserved example of hanseatic history , and the town hall is the only gothic one still standing iirc . 
  your flag lies , then . 
  please open the `` overseas '' section . 
  it 's by no means only a leftist concept , liberals will support it as well because it allows the state to slash _ massive _ amounts of bureaucracy for example .
