  i live in a small bavarian town and blacks are ~ 30 % of the people i see on the streets , most probably from our refugee center which appears to be ethnically segregated . 
  they 're probably referring to things such as on-the-fly smoking clubs - if you enter some bars , you 're handed a `` membership card '' for a `` tobacco enthusiast group '' and are thus officially allowed to smoke as much as you want in that specific place . 
  collecting experiences by proxy _ is _ what makes good literature `` fun '' . 
  goethe just put in a few too many for some people to handle once . 
  last time i checked , no _ unlimited _ residence permit was needed but merely a residence permit for one of the parents in a context that would apply to long-term refugees . 
  but not being a lawyer , tracking down what the law actually _ meant _ was a horrifying experience , so i do n't want to repeat this or argue ... 
  in official terminology , there 's a difference difference that 's lost in translation . 
  only if you actually register as such , you become an asylum seeker . 
  the confusion is because the ministry of the interior recently changed their method of reporting - it simply makes more sense to number the people who enter the country than those who enter the bureaucratic process . 
  it 's foremost a reference to the concept of `` mother of the nation '' . 
  also , she 's seen as someone who tries to accommodate absolutely everyone and everything in her politics while still guiding people towards the `` right '' choice , i. e. something a mother would do with her children . 
  exactly this , speaking from my personal perception as well . 
  there really are legally and ethically necessary standards by which we have to accept refugees , and those standards ignore practical constraints because they 're supposed to be universal . 
  but at one point , we _ will _ have to decide if those abstract considerations or their practical limits are more important , and that point is pretty much now . 
  either choice is _ very _ hard to defend in public if you have to think about the public 's tendency to deliver rash judgments and media bias at the same time . 
  german politicians are n't used to that kind of extreme discrepancy , so they 'll try to stall the debate as long as they can . 
  do n't forget that we adopted ius soli not too long ago . 
  that will prove to be a _ major _ problem in deporting people who came from places with a long history of conflicts . 
  well , that 's what happens if you have no bismarck standing with an iron whip behind you ... 
  that 's less than the number that has already arrived . 
  you 're probably confusing registered asylum seekers and people who entered the country with a claim to asylum . 
  as no translation or context was provided , spiegel online is a moderately respectable , moderately left-wing source . 
  according to the ministery of interior , 409k migrants were registered between 5th of september and 10th of october . 
  300k asylum cases are open , and 40 % of migrants in total used legal avenues to combat being denied . 
  [ explanation of who 's responsible , irrelevant . ], 
  600k were expected to arrive as of august , experts disagree - media reports that the number might be 1.5 m. 
  i agree . 
  let 's agree to agree to disagree . 
  edit : ooooh , it 's so cute that some people would be angry enough to vote on obvious jokes as if they were opinionated !, 
  so do i. 
   kiva \u2122 that alone makes their stats somewhat , ahem , doubtful . 
  not necessarily , the servant house on my grandparents ' farm was built in ~ 1350 and not renovated ( as in `` comprehensively done by contractors '' ) until the 1960s . 
  ( ... when it was demolished days before being declared a historical monument . ), 
  no , it 's called a hilariously surreal and unreasonable appeal to emotion . 
  from what swedes wrote on this sub , it 's because universal rent control makes it unprofitable to build to rent out . 
  ( also little usable space , of course . ), 
  i only use chromium when my heavily restricted firefox bugs out , so i do n't have any experience with its addons , sorry . 
  if you search the chrome webstore with `` html5 '' as a term , you 'll find addons for specific sites but not a general replacement like the mentioned one is . 
  might be because chromium uses a different api than firefox - their sandboxing might restrict addons from replacing extensions like flash . 
  how is that nationalist ? 
  asylum is like granting shelter to your troubled neighbor - pretty much a duty if you 're in the position to do so , but also immediately retractable without feeling bad when his pissing on the floor ruins your expensive parquet . 
  yeah , that 's one of the terms i was thinking of - you have to be raped pretty damn hard to die from it . 
  in german , the term is pretty much reserved for situations where the selection of victims was random , like a natural catastrophe or an untargeted terrorist attack . 
  the latter , in my experience . 
  many of my friends have multiple properties , and right now ( as in the past ) i live in a house where the owner included six apartments to rent out besides his own . 
  maybe even in a specific region ? 
  i 've found that the firefox addon `` html5 video everywhere '' bypasses some restrictions imposed for various reasons . 
  ( great addon in any case . ), 
  but there appear to be multiple uploads , here 's another ( segmented ) one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dnfukyakxau, 
  agreed . 
  we were at least given things where math is useful ( like bridges or rockets ) for real-world problems , but crocodiles really should n't appear any more once the students are older than ten . 
  do n't forget that in english , basically everyone is a `` survivor '' of some kind nowadays . 
  neither does the bbc ... 
   the bbc is getting criticised simueltaneously for being pro-immigration and anti-immigration . 
  so they 're probably doing a good job . 
  nonsense . 
  that would only be defensible logic in a trinary system . 
   i just downvoted another guy for saying racist crap like this too head -  wall, 
   but , yeah it 's easy for armchair experts in ballistic over the internet to figure out that if you fire a bullet in a bridge then somebody dies . 
  no , that 's so trivial i actually laughed at the clarification above . 
  it sounds like part of a slapstick movie . 
  admittedly true . 
  i did n't think back quite that far . 
  that sounds pretty useless if you buy your drugs on site , as many people do . 
  you can do the same in germany and barely anyone uses ( or even knows about ) the option . 
  thee problem with such things is that you have to be a bit creative , and people are n't used to that due to how highschool math is taught while it 's everything in university math . 
  but i agree , that question is easy and the linked video explains it nicely ( although the speaker 's voice was so deep that i had to adjust my equalizer to make it bearable ) . 
  time to call my lawyer then , i suppose . 
  they 're deleting and reposting to `` make their message heard '' , the mods have nothing to do with it . 
  always a sign of sanity ... 
   bodo ramelow , a leader of the left party , reminded the assembly that during the nazi era people were `` driven to their death '' because of their sexual orientation . 
  ffs , this is getting tiresome ... but of course , people just do n't like the left ( and the greens who are guilty of the same crap ) because we 're all nazis . 
  please do n't ruin asterix ( any further ) with the politics of the day ... 
  please consider yourself struck over the head with a comprehensive goethe volume . 
  what writer of theirs was so good that they drove people into mass suicide ? 
  he probably meant something creatively different than what people read with '' ... bin ich um den schlaf gebracht '' . 
   racist subs raiding again . 
  lots of downvotes i here . 
  that may actually just be due to your victim complex . 
  people have learned to smell that from a mile away now . 
  if that clip is evidence of anything , it 's that robots are about as creative as the `` composers '' of elevator music . 
  that tune really made me angry before i knew it was written by a robot . 
  i was n't comparing them , i was using heroine as an example on the far end of the addictiveness spectrum to say that even it does n't necessarily make someone addicted . 
  you were n't that wrong to begin with , adulterants in xtc tablets may really have resulted in some deaths . 
  usually as techno festivals , they 're due to dehydration or heart attacks , both from stimulant use . 
  and from personal experience , dying that way really is n't hard - i 've been reanimated in similar circumstances once myself when i was younger . 
  ( that was due to a severe case of sunstroke , though . ), 
  mdma is hard to get addicted to by the substance itself - just like many other drugs . 
  what someone may get addicted to is the feeling of compassion , empathic abilities , even love for all human beings that mdma produces . 
  in most cases , such an addiction would indicate pre-existing psychological problems . 
  ( i. e. a morbid lack of such feelings . ), 
  same goes for any other drug - for instance , i tried heroine , and i simply did n't like it . 
  someone whose personal deficits would have been compensated by heroine definitely would , though , just like i love amphetamines . 
  advocating dangerous drugs on the same level as harmless ones is one of the main failures of their advocates , imho . 
  being a liberalist , i do support the legalization of all substances , but only within boundaries that actually enable people to consume them reasonably . 
  and while a bit of cocaine is nice once in a while , its potential for harm is in no way comparable to mdma . 
  _ all _ drugs have some way of using them purposefully ( lime methamphetamin in ww2 ) , but they even with the most liberal mindset of all , one would advocate _ extreme _ care and patience in doing so . 
  anything else would be ruinous , like the left is destroying themselves with the migrant crisis right now . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghr-sycivnm original version with english subtitles . 
  imho one of the best popular german movies ever made .
