   buy why would you be purposefully ( and needlessly ) nasty ? 
  as quoted : `` i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it . '', 
  it 's not about being nasty , it 's about defending freedom of expression . 
  the nasty behavior itself just comes from spite because people feel that concept being threatened . 
  it 's like if your neighbor would constantly harass and call the police on you for being to loud when you 're well within limits . 
  many would react by making sure to stay just below that limit as often as possible to get rid of that annoying bellyacher even when they 're a friendly and quiet person by heart . 
  `` why would you be unnecessarily loud ? '', 
  is an accusation that is just completely out of place here as the law allows that behavior and the one complaining is at fault . 
  suggesting to make the laws more strict to accommodate the annoyed neighbor is just spreading the other cheek - they will soon move on to the next thing to complain about and now have precedent that their will must be respected . 
  i do n't know what 's so difficult to understand about this , your question gets repeated again and again in every thread on the topic and always yields the same answer ( that is then usually dismissed with `` dae muh freeze peaches xd '' ) . 
  no , i 'm saying that freedom of expression - _ particularly _ of hurtful ideas !, 
  - is one of the core values of the enlightenment . 
  we ca n't sacrifice that so we do n't hurt people 's feelings - because if one of those cores goes down , the rest is up for debate . 
  in the analogy above , it 's just a friendship that 's being ruined ; in reality , we 're risking everything we stand for in this debate . 
  the old quote `` i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it '' sums it up perfectly . 
  it 's unfortunately been repeated so often it 's beginning to sound trite and people are beginning to circlejerk against it to feel a bit of superiority , but that does n't damage the sentiment behind it . 
   but that 's not relevant , right ? 
  it 's cute how you 're stereotyping me . 
  with a touch of different upbringing , you 'd be the one yelling about evil muslims here . 
  you think that human emotion is an argument to convince _ europeans _ that they will receive sympathy for being exterminated for their differences ? 
  we were the masters of unapologetically doing that for a _ very _ long time . 
  ( edit : and by the way , the reason that allowed us to do so is slowly dying out and we 're doing _ very _ well with that . 
  it 's idiotic that we 're re-importing the same thing under a different name . ), 
  there is absolutely no logical or scientific way to disprove god , give it up . 
  the whole concept of religion is axiomatic - if you believe in the axiom that an omnipotent god exists , everything that follows can be explained one way or another because that 's the nature of omnipotence . 
  the entire universe could have been divinely created in its current state a planck era ago and there would be no way to prove or disprove it . 
  if you do n't believe so , of course the rest does n't make any sense . 
  it 's ultimately and exclusively a question of belief , period . 
  i 'd tell him to get the fuck over himself or look for people who like to hear him whine . 
  which is precisely what people are doing when drawing muhammed - only that there is n't a meaningless friendship at stake but thousands of years of cultural development . 
  that you so stubbornly want people to shut up about it is what demonstrates a fairly irrelevant issue to be symptomatic of a huge one . 
   i 've never seen that in schwaben when i used to live there . 
  i thought it was the east that had the `` anti-germans '' . 
  i 've seen it as a teenager at the lake of constance and as a young adult studying in karlsruhe . 
  but they like to bus people to every `` protest '' , so i do n't think it 's limited to a region . 
  of course they 're fringe , but it 's imho symptomatic of certain flaws with the country . 
   i do n't think there 's a single german who would be willing let germany fall you do n't know how many leftists here run around with posters saying `` bomber harris , do it again '' and `` deutschland verrecke '' ... and there are many , many more who have bought into the propaganda that _ any _ kind of war is bad , defensive or not . 
  i just fear we 've been lulled to sleep and become a nation of hippies , which runs completely contrary to the concept of `` wehrhafte demokratie '' ( well-fortified democracy ) that was one of the major lessons from the third reich . 
  the first way is the only way that 's indisputably `` for the country '' ( unless you 're a traitor by heart or in extreme circumstances ) , so it 's logical to assume the question referred to defense . 
  ( and wars of aggression _ can _ be defensive - if france and england had attacked us after the poland invasion , it 'd be called `` defensive retrospectively . 
  they just rarely are . ), 
  i really do n't understand why 80 % of my fellow countrymen would spread their cheeks for any invader , and i 'm frankly disgusted . 
  anyone who would attack central europe today is someone who must be fought at all costs . 
  at the lake of constance it 's rather common among young people , all girls get two or three kisses from both genders and close male friends as well sometimes . 
  see my edit , sorry . 
  this is purely a salami tactic of yours . 
          muslims and roma are the least tolerant towards the countries and cultures *** they move to *** what ? 
  that 's what you replied to . 
  besides , whether this is about immigration or not is completely beside the point . 
  you were talking about a `` we '' group that discriminates against a `` them '' group and said the `` we '' is exclusively at fault . 
  of course you did , the comment you replied to specified the statement being about immigrants and you refuted it without mentioning that part . 
  and paraphrasing you is n't a strawman argument , i 'm getting fucking sick of people thinking they understand what fallacies are ... it 's the goto killer `` argument '' on reddit . 
  and lastly , you said much more than '' _ we _ ( as opposed to the original comment 's `` they '' ) should stop discriminating '' - you said that that would be the only necessary , `` clear and concise '' message necessary to end all ethnic conflicts . 
  edit : granted , the part about `` progressives '' was a strawman , but just a tangent and not relevant to the basic point ; and i did n't include it randomly and unreasonably . 
   messages against racism must be simple and concise . 
  something that you either agree or disagree , and disagreeing clearly makes you a racist . 
  yeah , clear and simple messages such as `` every integration problem is caused by the natives ' racism '' . 
  clearly , everyone who disagrees with that is a racist !, 
  what you 're really saying here is `` we need to bend this heavily loaded word beyond any recognizable definition so we can label anyone who disagrees with me as a horrible person by default '' . 
  and people like yourself think of themselves as `` progressives '' ... a word which , by the way , follows the same despicable approach , just inverted . 
  i mean `` i was n't making as political statement '' . 
  oh wait , i misread your comment , i was n't making a political statement and just dislike the niveau . 
  that made me twitch as well . 
  they say that _ unironically _ ? 
  `` le cringe '' here is pretty much in responses like `` lol '' , `` k '' and `` toppest kek '' ... 
   it 's ... obvious that any country comparison will be uneven . 
  it 's obvious when you think about it , but comparisons such as this are often made to manipulate people into an emotional response . 
  and with such responses usually comes complete disregard for obvious facts . 
  hm , no , that applies to none of my friends - they 're conservative but not extremist , do n't talk much about polish politics and study at german universities . 
  or do you mean they were describing those people ? 
  because they themselves seemed not too fond of people from warsaw and the general northeast , for instance ; and that was with three different groups with no relation to each other , so i figured that was a common sentiment among silesians . 
  my guess : the theobromine in it is similar to caffeine , and stimulants reduce appetite . 
  though you wo n't get much of it with the chocolate you find in the supermarket . 
   the barely contained anti-turkish racism is so over the top here . 
  oh my , an eyewitness of mass rape was racist against the turks ? 
  what had the world come to 562 years ago !, 
  the guy below is right , you sound like a caricature . 
  i just looked it up - strictly speaking , yes . 
  it 's a portmanteau from `` metropolitan '' and `` sexual '' , and the `` metro - '' is from greek `` meter '' which means mother . 
  ( also made me realize that `` demeter '' just means `` mother of the earth '' . 
  i need to learn more greek base words . ), 
  though ( at least as i 'm told by silesians ) there 's quite a bit of actual animosity between different parts of the country . 
  except for half the germans under 25 . 
  why do they appear to be _ sober _ ?!, 
  i do n't see a single crate of beer in that video . 
   niderlandy god damn it , you even steal our words ... 
  ok , if you look at it like that , there probably are few people in the world who actually speak latin . 
  that 's not uncommon in germany at all , the percentage would probably much higher among natives . 
  turks making pizza ? 
  too cold for d\u00f6ner carts ? 
  jesus christ , i was hoping for you to be an uncreative troll but you actually appear to be serious ( and completely nuts ) . 
  so did tnt . 
  well yeah , exactly - the prize was founded because he saw the destructive potential he had created and that people realized how dubious his inventions were . 
  to award it to someone who basically did the same as someone who ( as per the mission ) `` benefited mankind '' is what i meant by `` thoughtless '' . 
   latvian/baltic german nobel prize winner vilhelms ostvalds developed the ostwald process in 1902 , which led to the mass production of explosives you can get the nobel for developing explosives ? 
  that 's a bit ... thoughtless , is n't it ? 
  right , and that means the comment you replied to was literal apologism of the third reich . 
  come on , you 're squirming like a worm to avoid confronting my point ... 
     what did they get for their countless atrocities ? 
  fuckload of money and rebuilt infrastructure .
