  but the situation simply can not continue like this . 
   naturally austria like rest of nations knew that 40k was just troian horse to set precedence over quota . 
  do n't think we 'll ever solve this crisis with _ that _ kind of strategy ... 
  migration is a superset of seeking asylum . 
  ( as it is to economic migration , else the qualifier `` economic '' would be unnecessary . ), 
   those arent people actually staying here that 's a moot point when you can only apply for asylum from german soil . 
   those are applications each of which takes tremendous time and resources to process , especially if you include subsequent deportations . 
  this is n't a five minute thing , so the number of applicants rising itself puts a heavy strain on the system . 
  if it does n't get more efficient , the number actually staying here will keep rising due to backlog alone . 
  that 's true , yes , i said so myself . 
  but they must just have misunderstood as i 've never seen that claim before , only that it was expected . 
  https://i.imgur.com/0dfot80.png it 's from the federal office for refugees and the ministry of the interior reported through the faz . 
  it does n't get any more official and trustworthy than that , so there 's no need to get angry if people repeat it . 
  and calling it a straight-up lie is disingenuous , it 's simply a projection . 
  edit : ~ ~ https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile~~ ~ ~ also , this document describes a 50 % increase in june and july compared to previous months except march . 
  that should be taken into account when judging whether reaching the 800.000 mark is possible by the end of the year - the 220k number is from the end of july according to the same , so there 's lots of room . ~ ~ edit2 : wrong , 800k is simply the total number of expected refugees and it takes time for them to ask for asylum due to bureaucracy . 
  yeah , you commonly see pictures of such trucks with holes in the roof , something that ca n't easily be seen from the outside . 
  but those were apparently low-level criminals which tend to be not the most intelligent of people . 
  you seriously think the us harshly enforces deportations on a wide scale ? 
  why do you think the `` illegal mexican roadside laborer '' is such a common media trope ? 
  the situation in the us is completely different - take the lack of id requirements , for example . 
  wikipedia names 16 million ( ! ), 
  mexican illegals in 2005 . 
  it was airtight according to media citing austrian police , which makes sense since it was a refrigeration truck and air exchange is a very important factor for cooling . 
  well , what they do in eastern turkey now . 
  you argument simply was `` they 're going to feel unsafe there '' , to which the solution is simple - go somewhere else . 
  that 's not a reasoning to support moving thousands of kilometers , though . 
  stop moving the goalposts , i was simply responding to that one argument . 
  you actually need that farmland . 
  and building a migrant home is no small task . 
  germany is currently under heavy strain to keep up with the influx , which will only increase . 
  that does somewhat classify as `` full '' - sure there 's space in the literal sense , but everything outside national parks is actual under heavy agricultural or forestry use so it 's not _ available _ space , and it would be a heavy workload to convert it to something suitable to house migrants . 
  and it ca n't be in the middle of nowhere - they need access to government institutions in order to speed up the process . 
  there are lots of arguments to be made , but literal space is n't one . 
  they were n't - that would just have been a repetition of the comment they responded to , which would n't make sense . 
  that 's fair for eastern turkey , but western turkey or greece are n't exactly war zones . 
  yup , that was an incredibly dangerous situation to begin with , disregard the abandonment . 
  i did some basic math - there were approximately 400l of air per person ( the storage space was 2.4 x3x5m and the average human volume is 0.08 m ^ 3 ) . 
  with an initial o2 content of 21 % , a threshold of 12 % and o2 consumption of 0.4 l per person and minute the calculator tells me that they would have fallen unconscious after only 90 minutes of being enclosed in such a space , after panicking when co2 levels rose above 7 % at 70 minutes . 
  both even more quickly if they were agitated ( higher o2 consumption ) , which is n't unlikely . 
  and they had likely been on the road quite a while , too . 
  do n't force your moral standards on others , both op and the people reading the thread . 
  they 're old enough to decide for themselves . 
   the authorities there reported that three boys ages 7 to 10 , and a toddler girl , were among the 71 people decomposing in the truck , which had no ventilation , abandoned east of vienna in the summer heat on wednesday and discovered 24 hours later . 
  bodies decompose into unrecognizability _ that _ quickly ?!, 
  edit : i read parts of this thesis : http://trace.tennessee.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1098&amp;context=utk_gradthes it seems highly unlikely that this is an accurate number , especially given that they probably did n't die within the minute . 
  shortly : they must have been in the late stages of putrefaction or the early ones of decay if the body was leaking fluids . 
  putrefaction normally begins within 48 to 72 hours after death . 
  the process is sped up by humidity and higher temperatures ( present ) , insects ( probably more or less absent ) and oxygen ( obviously quite absent ) . 
  the environment of the truck must have been similar to what the author was studying : people in air-tight tarps , which very notably decreased the rate of decomposition . 
  ( people with an approximate volume of 6 m ^ 3 in a space of approximately 20 m ^ 3 , i. e. about 2.5 people worth of air per person - like a small tent . ), 
  in the experiment , it took 18 days ( ! ), 
  until the tarps of both people were leaking fluids through a similarly small opening . 
  that 's a bit of a mechanical view , you could just as easily argue that those who can afford the journey to europe were wealthy enough to be in comparatively safe places in their homelands . 
  there are a multitude of factors at work , it 's not just simple `` overflow '' . 
  also , we could finally say `` polish concentration camps '' without them getting angry . 
  and `` people do n't see non-europeans as humans '' is an equally bold attack on an entire continent on whose entire population you apparently look down with condescension . 
  that statement makes the nuance you claim somewhat less than probable . 
  it is . 
  the symbol is often used by neopagans , occultists , metal fans or simply for its symbolic value . 
  i have a necklace with one myself . 
  of course a lithuanian would n't literally be in the kkk ... yelling `` racist '' exclusively because someone has a different opinion is absurdly idiotic enough . 
   you 're no different than the southern americans whining about the confederate flag . 
  not when they 're completely indistinguishable from your actual view . 
  oh please , do n't pretend to be a nuanced voice of reason when you imply any dissenter is a klan member just a little further down the thread ... 
  i did n't argue against the classification , but many people in this thread say that the symbol means exclusively that , even expressing surprise that anyone could think otherwise at all . 
  that 's what i find so awful . 
  damn those filthy prehistoric neonazis !, 
  yes , i 'm personally guilty of banning it . 
  sorry , i was drunk . 
  as the article says , it 's a prehistoric , pan-european symbol , and a beautiful one at that . 
  this is n't limited to the irish , and i do n't want to see yet another thing condemned because of `` guilt by association '' . 
  yeah , stop the whining while we tell you what your symbol _ really _ means !, 
  it 's only had about 5,000 years to accumulate meaning , how hard could it be ? 
  so they would probably be relieved if asylum requests could be made from there to the rest of europe . 
  by not agreeing with / u/mfukar and their ilk , obviously . 
  do n't you see that reasonable stances can only be supported with unreasonable yelling ? 
  do n't worry , your ideological blindness yields international downvotes . 
   `` it has evolved from its dictionary definitions into a tool that dehumanises and distances , a blunt pejorative . '', 
  good old euphemism treadmill . 
  ridiculous . 
  no offense taken , that 's swabian tracht and i plan to own one myself asap . 
  but the person itself just looks normal . 
  i do n't think we have any stereotypes attached to us in that regard , unlike fat bavarians or bearded hamburgers . 
  in fact , i ca n't think of any other places that have `` bodily '' stereotypes here . 
  ( if you do n't count `` everyone 's an immigrant there '' . ), 
  neither nor . 
  and one of those instances was on the swabian-austrian border . 
  but how does a swabian look , anyway ? 
  you appear to read exactly zero news sources . 
  just to mention the ones on my feed , it 's headline news on heute , zeit , nzz , faz and sueddeutsche . 
  better close your eyes so you do n't have to question the confirmation bias feeding your superiority complex , hm ? 
  that 's a ridiculous proposal - it would basically mean handing asylum policy to border police . 
  they would be the ones to determine who has a chance for acceptance and who does n't . 
  given the average level of education , motivation for doing a proper job and susceptibility to bribes that border police have in various eu countries , the situation would soon devolve into comical absurdity . 
  bolstering embassy staff and having them handle requests would be a _ far _ better approach ( which admittedly has its own issues ) . 
  well , where do they live when coming here while their request is processed ? 
  in the equivalent , i 'd say . 
  well , we should probably get our deportation system in check if we want to do anything about that ... if we 're deporting only a small percentage of illegals per year for millions of euros , it 's pretty obvious that we 're hurting ourselves both financially and by increasing the number of illegals . 
  but then we 'd have to deal with an increasing number of teary-eyed people yelling `` kein mensch ist illegal '' , of course , and that would be bad publicity , so we just keep on spreading those cheeks .
