the very notion that a news anchor could have a character is insane . 
  munich does n't exist - in fact , all cities there in the south of germany are just potemkin villages . 
  it actually consists exclusively of a single house in the alps whose inhabitant is a racist old catholic and who spends all day drinking and planning for uncle adolf 's return . 
  do n't let anybody tell you otherwise , especially anyone who is n't from the enlightened areas in the north and votes die linke three times every election , minimum . 
  you obviously do n't even speak german ... nice false flag , though , literally . 
  i suppose you ca n't taste bitter , or a certain kind of it ? 
  ( quite a few people ca n't . ), 
  because gamey meat has a certain kind of pleasant bitterness to it when compared to common livestock . 
  that 's why you put lingonberry jam on it , their bitterness combines very well with it . 
  still , the dutch and passion ? 
  that does n't fit their stereotype _ at all _ . 
   there is n't a magic wall that separates africa and europe well , if we 're talking in such primitive terms , i 'd consider the mediterranean to be `` a magic wall '' . 
  but it may be the case that you only use such primitive terms to ridicule people you do n't agree with , i 'm not sure . 
  because africa is n't a single entity . 
  there are countries that are fucked up beyond recognition as such , and there are extremely prosperous and promising ones . 
  for an easier parallel , just look at the former bloc countries - some , such as the baltic countries are doing extremely well and improving rapidly , whereas others seem to be degrading . 
  and that 's an order of magnitude less people than africa has . 
  i 'm currently trying to make a linguistic world map of sorts , and the numbers i get from people speaking a minor language there are _ insane _ in certain regions . 
  depends on the part of poland you 're from , i think . 
   right wing social democrat philipp scheidemann wat that whole article seems to be editorialized a tad . 
  maybe you should get your great new public health care system to pay for a hearing aid . 
  see the recent invasion of crimea . 
  those are n't `` crazy '' ideas , they 're completely legitimate thoughts that are n't exclusively demanded by them and them only . 
  they need to be discussed and implemented or discarded like any other idea . 
  it 's not some lunatic fringe party like die violetten . 
  go to the us if you want to feel superior because of pseudo-political drama . 
  oh , scram ... living in bavaria , i _ really _ do n't get this circlejerk about the csu , any member i 've ever met was a completely nice and normal person . 
  you 're just taking them as an easy target without having _ any _ idea what you 're talking about . 
  and imagine the outrage among the pseudo-intelligentsia if i were to say that die linke needs to be forcibly disbanded !, 
  people like you would n't stop talking about the fourth reich for weeks , yet positions like yours seem to be completely acceptable because they 're _ obviously _ the bad guys . 
  and worst of all , you probably consider yourself progressive , democratic , liberal , and everybody is buying it . 
  how would that fit with the lore , atmosphere , style ? 
  at least do n't call it fallout ... 
  roughly `` all words starting with ` y ' were ignored , as queries are limited to 32 search terms '' . 
  simple self-deprecating irony . 
  and they say _ we _ lack the capability to understand humor ... 
  this would have the same outcome if they build a 50km pipeline , which is probably cheaper . 
  that 's actually a long-term plan ( that i ca n't remember the name of ) , afaik - a european and north-african network of renewable energy ranging from the sahara to norway , with storage facilities at choke points . 
  but that 's an absolutely major project , nothing you can make appear magically . 
  also , how would you store energy in fjords ? 
  i thought they just used those for tide power generators . 
  pump storages sound pretty good to me , there 's no obvious loss except for technical imperfections . 
  nuclear power has other leaders , germany leads in renewables . 
  there 's big money to be made there for a high-tech country . 
  those are just birthing pains , we 'll figure it out . 
  and the hippies will cry as long as we do n't revert to the 1800s , so they 're not really a good indicator for what 's right . 
  well yeah , how to store energy from renewable resources is a huge problem that 's nowhere been solved to complete satisfaction . 
  it 's being worked on , though - afaik , they 're currently surveying for places for a ( or several ) pumped storage hydro power station . 
  the problem with that kind of technology , as always , is that the very people who ___ demand ___ green energy also say `` not in my backyard '' ( and also `` this makes mommy earth cry '' ) , so they 're not finding any . 
   who are we defending against ? 
  last time i asked if the us had any channels that did n't do that , people pointed me to pbs 's news show , which looked similar to ours . 
  and why would you need a whole channel for news ? 
  it 's not like they actually work with all the time they have and do any in-depth reporting ... 
  i still do n't understand why the `` 24h news cycle '' is perceived as an achievement . 
  it 's responsible for the exact thing you complain about . 
  is future kebab clay . 
  he couldnt hear you over his freedom, 
  a lot of the horizontal lines should cut at the alps , imho - if i interpret them correctly , they currently throw in southern germany with southern europe in a lot of cases where it does n't make sense , at least according to our internal stereotypes . 
  you seem to be really weirdly , aggressively defensive in this thread ... calm down . 
  oh wow , daniel `` 5-year-olds are coming on to me '' cohn-bendit criticized switzerland for not extraditing him ? 
  that 's like something out of the onion ... 
  find 50 snowden lookalikes , place them on random flights throughout europe . 
  then watch the show . 
   but when we do , i want swabia to be with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg !, 
  when we do , the drecks goibfiassla better keep their hands of swabia !, 
  you 've now said i 'm * ridiculous * deluded * arrogant * pseudointellectual * mentally diseased * dumb and for what ? 
  because i was making an offhanded comment you did n't even _ attempt _ to inquire the meaning of . 
  your sole strategy is to insult and aggravate me , you deliberately attempt kill any discussion from the start and would like to publicly beat me into submission . 
  and you possess the gall to present yourself as the reasonable person here ? 
  if that 's not eristic , then what is ? 
  fuck off , gently , i 'm not falling for your crap . 
  _ what _ ?!, 
  you write _ that _ thing above and call _ my _ reaction to it an ad hominem ?!, 
  are you insane ? 
  ah , i only read the first line of your comment and started explaining myself . 
  i keep on making the mistake of not assuming everybody 's an asshole ... good thing reddit is teaching me otherwise . 
  it 's a generalization if you have n't personally worked with ever single one . 
   can mail readers ' houses really be so dusty that they need a turbo-charged , jeremy clarkson-approved machine to clean their floors ? 
  and they belittle the tabloids for bad journalism ? 
  but right , right , they 're doing it with _ good _ goals , not like those others who have _ bad _ goals in mind . 
  i deduced as much . 
  but you 're painting those exact things you list as islamist as `` nothing scary '' in the context of people wanting to introduce them into european politics . 
  and that 's what i disagreed with in the first half of my comment . 
  i , for one , ca n't wait for the erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz !, 
  sssh , do n't ruin the circlejerk . 
  he 's a nazi , period . 
   tories are actually like that . 
  that sentence in itself is strawmanning , the strawman here being a generalization / a stereotype . 
   tldr : islamism just religion being political and nothing scary . 
  that 's ... controversial . 
  we 've _ just _ overcome direct influence of religion in politics for about 100 years now . 
  i do n't want to see us falling back . 
  and if you only mean things like social market economy being based on christian values , that 's a _ really _ thin connection that nobody really cares about any more . 
  it does not at all make sense to draw a parallel in the case of a religion that has rampant actual extremism today , especially because something like social market economics is just as `` islamist '' as it 's `` christianist '' . 
   only because they hold the public and democracy in contempt . 
  well yes , if you had to call his viewpoints popular and not populist , you 'd also have to call vast amounts of people scum , not just him . 
  so it 's simple - reinvent a word , put a thin veil of scholarship in front of your arrogance and continue telling people what to do and think in the name of all that is good and progressive . 
  saddest thing is that this is working as perfectly as it ever has , only fewer people notice it . 
   because eastern europeans are scum . 
  and _ you _ vilify him for populism ?!,
