  the `` people who speak like that '' have many , many identifying characteristics that are n't shared by people like myself . 
  which characteristics you picked to draw your caricature speaks a lot about your mindset , as does your amusing belief that i must be `` one of them '' because i defended human rights . 
  i 'm probably more conservative than most people on this sub - which is exactly _ why _ i see the need to defend traditional european values such as the respect of human rights against the likes of you or the left . 
  either party is a grave danger to them , willingly and knowingly or not . 
  in essence , they 're saying that they have too few police available to handle everything . 
  on top of that , imported conflicts may prove to put additional strain on security forces . 
  ( that 's just from the shitty article , i 'll have to read the paper later on - hopefully , they 've at least been capable of summarizing it . ), 
  edit : oof , that paper is a bit much to summarize in a reddit comment , it 's written in telegram style . 
  that it once again speaks volumes about the austrians ' ability to speak german does n't help , either . 
  you were n't deriding _ him _ , you were deriding people who you caricaturize as speaking like you did . 
  just as right now , you 're not deriding him , either , you 're deriding me because you have to fend off cognitive dissonance and / or did n't comprehend your own comments . 
  and as a tip for the future , sarcasm should be concise - the more verbose it is , the less effective and the more indicative of stupidity it is . 
  it 's not really editorialized as in the negative definition the word seems to have here , it just provides a bit more context than the original . 
  that said , the title here , that of the article , and the article itself are still great examples of how not to do journalism . 
  i 'm aware of that rule and did n't say it should n't be harshly enforced , but nonetheless , you using human rights as pawns to sarcastically deride people with does n't really point to you holding them in high regard . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  human rights or the rule of law are hardly `` leftist crap '' , they 're what modern europe is founded upon . 
  we should n't throw out our foundations at the first sign of trouble - look at the us and their reaction to 9/11 and how much good it did them . 
  it 's debatable if simply having more people and hoping for statistical odds to provide `` educatable '' ones is a good approach to solving the demographic problems of a society that focuses on highly skilled work more and more and with increasing pace . 
  i do n't think we would have any problems convincing people who have already proven themselves to come here if we 'd put our minds behind it . 
  that 's the `` bullshitting '' in that regard to me , many seem to see and portray this as the only plausible solution while ignoring the potential problems . 
  it 's weird that this argument comes up so much in the context of refugees , anyway - granting someone refuge is n't letting them immigrate , we should focus on making people safe first and foremost instead of using our own benefit as an argument . 
  ( that last point is also what makes me doubt if people actually _ mean _ that argument or if they just think it 's a good way to convince dissenters . ), 
  thanks for elaborating !, 
  when i visited kattowitz , every local wanted to speak german rather than english with me . 
  was that due to the german minority 's influence , or would that have been similar in the rest of poland ? 
  ( those were 18-20yos . ), 
  courtesy edit : * funny that we apparently do n't speak swabian in [ upper / super ] swabia . 
  but it 's not all bad , at least the damn inhabitants of stuttgart ca n't make our language any more of a laughing stock that way . 
  that 's a pretty great attempt at satire . 
  i 'm not clinging to a strawman , i responded to a general statement you made without the constraints you now demand i should have adhered to before you mentioned them . 
  ( location , relativity , lack of absoluteness . ), 
  that you did n't mean what you said is n't my problem , and it certainly does n't qualify my response as `` putting words in your mouth '' ; that statement is often made in earnest without those constraints , you simply used it because it 's a throwaway cliche apology of the left misbehaving that you thought you could use for incontroversial thought termination . 
  that 's why i replied to it . 
  also calm the fuck down , you fucking fuck !, 
  yelling at me does n't solidify your position . 
  now go away . 
  i 'm not so sure if there 's a `` we '' in this regard , but even if there is , i already pointed out to you that i was n't talking about that statement . 
  thus challenging what i said with `` but another sentence i was thinking of just now is true '' is rather pointless . 
  editorial agenda may be independent from that of the writers , it 's why i said `` usually '' . 
  good to know they 're freelancers , though , that explains a lot ... 
   im going to ask how reliable the local is . 
  short answer : not . 
  long answer : yellow press level of simplification , usually with an agenda in mind . 
  this has to be one of the most aggravating tropes on reddit ... styles in any cultural context do die out , and it 's beyond me why people ridicule appreciating or mourning them . 
  the humoristic style that loriot is a symbol of really is pretty much dead , as are other popular styles that even mentioning earns you the `` dae / r/lewronggeneration xd '' tag . 
  that only applies to a very specific set , of course ( got ta make sure you feel superior to the _ right _ people ) - i 've never heard that kind of nonsense when someone expressed their love of mozart . 
  some , yes . 
  written texts can be understood to a certain degree - just like it 's possible to read some latin without speaking the language if you know the root words . 
  spoken swedish is _ way _ harder , though a northerner may have it easier there . 
  germany is actually the perfect counterexample - our lokalpatriotismus based on linguistic borders is probably unrivaled . 
  this is why we 're known worldwide for not understanding what humor is . 
  there are no numbers in any western democracy that could excuse political violence . 
  ah yes , the old `` but the others are worse ! '', 
  excuse . 
  i do n't want to give a source about the specific incident due to privacy reasons ( the scene is tiny ) , but here 's an article that proves it happens in general : http://www.focus.de/politik/deutschland/extremismus-immer-mehr-linke-gewalt-gegen-rechte-burschenschaften_aid_675797.html it 's focus and thus bad , but it 's not really a widely covered topic and usually only appears in local crime news . 
  -  the number of cases of arson [ endangering lives or living quarters ] doubled from five to ten [ in 01/11 to 09/11 ] . 
  claiming the right to kill someone does n't mean you 'll be successful . 
  setting a building on fire where around 20 people are sleeping in the middle of the night is very clearly attempted murder . 
  yeah , they even have anti-anti-capitalist communists - because criticizing capitalism is `` inherently anti-semitic '' . 
  calling for resumption of the ww2 firebombing campaigns over germany is also a normal tuesday for them . 
  a bit crazy , as i said . 
  we actually have a significant number of anti-germans who idolize the us for their support of israel . 
  radical leftism is a bit crazy even to natives , many strains will appear borderline comical to outsiders . 
  see here : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/00/anti-german_communist_protesters_in_frankfurt_in_2006.jpg down with germany / solidarity with israel / for communism and the poster on the left has the israeli flag with `` anti-fascist action group '' written around it . 
  for hitting stuff with , usually faces and not balls . 
  they 're somewhat symbolic of youthful radicalism even to those who 'd never actually beat others up for their beliefs . 
  odds are that if you own a che guevara t-shirt , you also own a baseball bat , usually with just as much commitment to the reality behind the symbol . 
  context is not necessary to judge an absolute claim . 
  at best , you were being hyperbolic and deliberately misleading , which is just as bad . 
  to all those who want it pmed , it 's easily found on their user profile if you search for the article 's topic . 
  you 're probably one of the last people on this sub who should open their mouth when it comes to judging neutrality . 
  you said this , as i quoted above :  in other words : the right wing hurts people , the left wing hurts proprety . 
  that is very clearly a claim that the left _ does n't _ hurt people , otherwise the distinction would n't make sense . 
   just do n't go to the bad neighborhoods ; same as any city . 
  why is it assumed that a city has to have a `` bad neighborhood '' where you have to fear for your safety ? 
  that 's something i 'd never even have thought of before being exposed to us news . 
  now it appears that sentiment is present even in sweden where i just put my tent in any place with some green without giving a single thought to safety when i visited the country . 
  statistics matter fuck all when you claim `` they do n't do x '' - a single incident is enough to disprove that claim . 
   in other words : the right wing hurts people , the left wing hurts proprety . 
  that 's often claimed but simply not true . 
  a friend of mine was met with a baseball bat to his face upon opening the door because some left-wingers determined his membership in a fraternity as proof of `` being a nazi '' . 
  there were two arson attacks and multiple instances of cars being prepped with nailboards due to similar circumstances , and that 's again only referring to people i 'm friends with . 
  self-described antifa claim both the right to determine who 's a fascist and the right to hurt or kill them . 
  traffic in india is n't that bad , it 's just insanely crowded , there are a lot of small vehicles and you apparently have to keep your hand on the horn at all times . 
  italy or greece are far worse - i was literally told that on crete , you drive on the wrong side of the road so you do n't hit donkey riders on the right lane . 
  that sounds like a joke , but our driver actually followed that rule ( at twice the allowed speed ) . 
  i was friends with some illegal racers when i was younger and i 'm used to quite a bit of adrenaline when on the road , but that was just too much . 
   government institutions are - they assure us - prepared . 
  has that sentence ever been said sincerely at any time in history ? 
  some behaviors warrant condescension . 
   '' we were so sure who our enemies were ( among them , the professional anti-communists ) , so sure who were the virtuous and who the benighted . 
  ... and we were countenancing a great deal of untruth . '', 
  great article , great speech . 
  thanks for linking it , it 's still relevant today as the left is now even more absurd in their love for modern-day russia . 
  ( shame that she used `` fascism '' so liberally , though ... still a leftist , i guess . ), 
  do n't worry , everyday german is _ far _ more ambiguous than literary or official german . 
  you do n't have to worry about such things unless your position requires precision . 
  german is immensely complicated but also able to be 110 % precise . 
  it 's probably one of the reasons our countries spawned so many great philosophers .
