  if you 're using noscript , please whitelist these domains : vid.me , viddme.blob.core.windows.net , d3d22t4ev2lc8b.cloudfront.net , and d1kjvq24a07es4.cloudfront.net wow , i 'm impressed - that 's the first site i 've seen that 's actually aware that people might not like being tracked . 
  edit : it 's also really funny how they try to twist the facts while showing the raw footage as well . 
  _ somehow _ she ended up on the railway tracks - cut to a scene where her husband forces her down . 
  damn , if you meant that link like it appears , you just might have introduced a new level of being a colossal passive-aggressive asshole to this debate . 
  and if you did n't , you should _ seriously _ consider mentioning how the article connects to your argument next time . 
  ( edit : and linking springer press is not much smaller a sin , either . ), 
  oh , that 's cute , you guys have your own way of godwinning someone !, 
  as it was recently pointed out to me , `` nation '' does n't exclusively refer to the legal construct of a state , but may mean `` a culturally and ethnically related group of people '' in a broader sense as well . 
  maybe that 's what they were referring to . 
  there 's no flip-flopping , just a lot of different aspects to different stances . 
  germans might be very welcoming to individual refugees while also being very concerned about the broader implications of the situation . 
  same goes for our politicians , although they of course ca n't officially voice their concerns . 
  good point , but i think that could reasonably be collapsed with `` social policy '' . 
  you need to make _ severe _ restrictions on social liberties to implement authoritarian policies , so the two are at least strongly correlated and not as independent as social end economic policy are . 
  oh jesus fucking christ , there are people left who actually care about being pc towards christians ? 
  it was entirely obvious that i was making a joke that does have its basis in reality . 
  my grandparents on my mother 's side are _ hardcore _ protestants - not from any kind of sect , not of the ridiculous us variations , but simply very close to the original lutheran interpretation of the bible , and that statement holds very true for them . 
  and it 's not just that - there 's the old joke about protestant heaven being catholic hell and vice versa . 
  just look at a protestant church compared to a catholic one and tell me the movement is n't associated with asceticism . 
  well yeah , a concentration camp does n't need an outbound track . 
  and i already answered that statement in another comment . 
  eh , being racist against myself is n't something i 'm particularly ashamed of . 
  nice try , though , if you were serious . 
  kindergarteners act out of instinct , though , not with the cold reason you would have to attribute to this guy to condemn him . 
  and i fully agree with your second paragraph , i said so myself in a parallel subthread . 
  i did n't refer to finances exclusively . 
  you see how many refugee shelters are burning each day ? 
  like it or not , that is a direct effect of this situation , and it wo n't disappear with a growing influx . 
  and because i can already foresee your reaction , no , i 'm not `` victim blaming '' - it 's called realpolitik , you do n't sacrifice the country 's peace if there is _ any _ other avenue that could lead to resolving the conflict . 
  what makes you claim that ? 
  of course he might be on a whole new level of deception , but i 've served and saw how some of the guys came back - ptsd is no joke . 
  it 's ridiculous to think that syrian civilians would n't be affected by it . 
  you 're seriously saying that a sentence like `` fluechtlinge kommen in zukunft ins lager '' does n't have _ very _ strong implications ? 
  that 's not far removed from the way the article used it . 
  but either way , this is probably a useless discussion because language use is so very subjective . 
  maybe i just read different books , news sources etc. 
  than some of my countrymen . 
  as i said in another comment , of course we should . 
  i was n't saying that the act of granting asylum itself is window dressing - it 's the most reasonable thing to do in this situation - , but acting as if it were a long-time relief is . 
  and if you 've been following this sub over the past couple weeks , _ plenty _ of people do act that way and call every dissenter a racist . 
  it 's disingenuous to claim i proposed a simple military solution , i even prefixed that part with `` if all else fails '' . 
  i _ never _ make absolute statements about such matters , i 'm far too ignorant to assume any position of authority . 
  and i 'm obviously not talking about a national solution but about a grand international coalition - it 's in the interest of the whole eu and probably that of the anglosphere that the situation calm down , which _ could _ result in a coalition that would be able to combat guerrillas and keep the peace by the sheer amount of manpower and resources alone . 
  the cost might not be much lower in the end , but it might remove a whole bunch of factors that could result in future conflict when the original one is long gone . 
  still too long-term . 
  refugee numbers are only expected to rise , and we 're already at a record high and struggling to accommodate them . 
  this is simply unsustainable , we ca n't just wait it out and hope it simmers down at some point - we need to be proactive and remove the need for people to seek refuge in the first place . 
   one , ( most important ) how much of the media is twisting this story . 
  [ ... ]  the other is that it 's been somewhat fashionable by refugees to `` display '' their children if a calculated move , those are of course equally despicable as claiming the guy in the video was some kind of criminal mastermind without morals . 
  this debate as a whole needs , way , way , way less emotion and a whole lot more cold-blooded practical reason . 
  basislager when climbing a mountain . 
  with hiking i 'm not sure , i 've only trekked , i. e. i did n't have a basecamp . 
  but there are some fixed expressions like `` jemanden ins lager stecken '' that suggest it 's independent from context , and `` halds meu sonsch kommsch ens lagr '' was a common saying among friends where i grew up . 
  well yeah , we ca n't exactly let the people who are already here starve on the streets - granting asylum is in the best of european tradition . 
  but with this scale , it makes much more sense to remove the reason for people to demand asylum . 
  a military solution is n't the only one ; isis does have its supporters abroad which could maybe be reached diplomatically in order to cut off supply lines . 
  and if all else fails , military action against isis would probably be the most just war of aggression fought since the beginning of time . 
  oh , you 're right , there are some fixed expressions where it 's not suspicious , or if the context is 101 % clear . 
  but it 's different in a `` detached '' and however slightly ambiguous situation like that of a news article where they could theoretically be referring to actual concentration camps - or at least that 's what my sprachgef\u00fchl tells me . 
  because granting people asylum is very simply not a long-term solution , it 's a band-aid on a cancer . 
  claiming it is anything but a stopgap is just feel-good window dressing that 's actually harmful to the issue at large . 
  the countries currently taking refugees ca n't absorb this entire conflict with such a simple solution , so we should focus our efforts on eradicating the cancer itself instead of feeling smug because one syrian toddler now has discarded toys . 
  the faz is a conservative paper with very high standards , i think they would n't show such footage to avoid voyeurism and emotional responses . 
  they 're not twisting the facts in the article , that seems rather neutral . 
  but look at the photos below it , it basically looks like police is brutalizing an innocent man and a traumatized woman sank down on the tracks . 
  you 're probably being downvoted because you did n't get the point , and also because rabble-rabble angry people of course . 
  is `` lager '' actually a usable word in austrian ? 
  if it 's not prefixed with `` zelt - '' or `` fluechtlings - '' etc. 
  it pretty much only means `` concentration camp '' in germany . 
  ( edit : and `` storage '' , of course . ), 
  or was this just an attempt at manipulation as well ? 
  that 's very obviously not a conscious move , he seems to completely lose his mind . 
  i mean , hitting your own head while screaming is probably the most cliche version to do so . 
  so that 's not the calculated action of someone trying to abuse the system but someone who 's on the brink of insanity . 
  it 's not exactly surprising that this may happen under extreme stress , especially if those are war refugees who would probably have seen more shit than most of us will in their lifetime . 
  what 's the third dimension ? 
  the two i know of are social and economic policy . 
  those are _ asylum seekers _ , which is different from _ refugees _ , but the terminology has caused a lot of confusion . 
  800k is the number of people estimated to arrive , and most people compare it to the number of applications . 
  the latter is significantly delayed because they can only apply for asylum once they are settled . 
  ( handling asylum is a communal matter , not a national one . ), 
  the minister of the interior considered it sensible to change the method of reporting so they would be able to prepare for the impact earlier , which i think makes sense . 
  there are more options than you present - the political spectrum does n't consist of diametrically opposed points , it 's a plane . 
  yeah , it 's always the same issue with liveleak - a lot of footage on there is very good , but it unfortunately attracts rather unsavory people . 
  true , and i ca n't pretend to be able to make a more general statement out of it . 
  the linked opinion appears to be a reformatted version of al-sistani 's work . 
  the hypocrisy lies in talking about `` those poor starving children '' and not doing anything and then stepping up your game when a photo appears ( but still not doing anything ) . 
  they 're just paying lip service to one of society 's clay idols . 
  satire is pretty much `` being contrarian for attention '' by definition . 
  i thought it was funny exactly because it 's half illogical . 
  we can make a vote . 
  1 upvote = 1 sad emotion . 
  1 downvote = fuck you , asshole . 
  the so-called dark ages are pseudohistorical nonsense . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/askhistorians/comments/235w3l/why_are_the_european_dark_ages_considered_a/ and the methods used by inquisition trials ( however little of your mental image is probably correct ) were actually progressive for their time - they introduced the concept of due process . 
  `` wide open doors '' ? 
  what ? 
  wide open borders maybe , but the us is selective about their legal immigrants . 
  which is why they only get middle class and up ( well , that and the oceans ) - of course those people are moderates , having money is no fun if you 're bound by thousands of rules regulating what you can do with it . 
   christianity was a driving force behind prohibition and the temperance movement .
