  til , we exclusively use to insult badenser . 
  methinks you did n't understand that message . 
  `` outright false hate propaganda '' from the ard ? 
  wow , i had no idea they changed so quickly !, 
  hey , berlin is gone . 
  i like this map . 
  among well-educated younger people , you wo n't have a problem , but do n't expect to be able to speak to old or uneducated folks . 
  that probably applies all over germany , but the southern accents combine especially horribly with english . 
  french and italian will be almost useless in comparison . 
  that sounds more like a brit 's idea of cooking . 
  we most certainly do . 
  yeah , the normal temperatures are between -15 and 35 \u00b0 celsius and somewhere between 10 and 25 most of the year . 
  but the country as a whole is everything but warm and sunny , it 's not unlike canada without the continental climate afaik . 
  yup , that 's exactly what it is . 
  the sole purpose of `` most '' here is to avoid scrutiny and criticism - it 's just as unverifiable as an absolute statement but can not be disproved with counterexamples . 
  and the impact is n't reduced by it , so this is basically the same as having made an absolute statement while weaseling out of the responsibility of having done so . 
  in an agricultural or industrial society , not in a service-based one . 
  free but unskilled labor is pretty much useless there outside a few sectors . 
  the one unifying culinary force we have is d\u00f6ner . 
  israelis are often openly racist as fuck . 
  two who lived in my dorm were very surprised to find out that `` palestinian rats should all be gassed '' _ was n't _ that common a sentiment in germany . 
  you have a strong liberal conservative party ? 
  sounds dreamy . 
  we do n't have any liberals at all any more . 
  i wish there were stories about what these people are told to expect when they come to europe , they must be absurdly funny . 
  migrating to germany so you can live in a warm country ... 
  no , you should either refrain from making such strong claims at all or put them in a way that represents how strong they actually are . 
  putting a strong statement in a weak form is cowardly , and i stand by that as well . 
  also the immigrants , always with the singing and dancing and that disgusting happiness . 
  i 'm all for that and do so myself , but making such a crass , unverifiable statement and then toning it down a little bit so nobody can feel slighted is just cowardly . 
  how nice of you to include the qualifier `` most '' - and it does n't even change the statement beyond making it impossible to attack !, 
  when you start wringing your hands about the lack of morality of fucking 4chan , it might be best to take a step back and reevaluate what you 're doing . 
   ~ ~ huh , apparently casually ~ ~ wishing people death ~ ~ at sea ~ ~ is ~ ~ the trend on ~ ~ 4chan . 
  p\u00e0prika p\u00e0prika thank mr orban, 
  hmmmm , that sub is still available ... 
  true , the number is that of _ potential _ asylum applicants to be more specific . 
  no , migrants . 
  many of them will only be able to demand asylum in 2016 . 
  if `` ideology '' were actually synonymous to `` opinion '' , the word would n't exist , and neither would a word like realpolitik . 
  so stop playing pretend and can the salami tactics , please , you know fully well what i 'm talking about . 
  of course there are . 
  it most definitely is not . 
  ideology makes people disregard reality . 
  it 's boring , i 've been getting the same results for more than ten years . 
  i originally thought i could make a nice graph representing my values shifting with age , but graphing a dot is n't fun . 
  economic : -1.0 social : -7.2, 
  i do n't consider tabloids newspapers . 
  true , that declaration was definitely a horrendous mistake - even the level-minded german media reported it wrong . 
  it appears they did n't put enough thought into avoiding ambiguities , which may be an unpleasant thing to do but is unfortunately necessary in a situation like this . 
  a well-educated tourist will make sure to learn about their host country 's customs , traditions ec. , though . 
  apart from booze being cheaper or the women being looser , there 's not much incentive to travel otherwise . 
  you 're just willfully harming the debate by implying implicated accusations . 
  people can only demand asylum on sovereign soil of most countries , and you know that . 
  setting fire to just about anything is criminal , that 's no argument . 
  it does n't matter how much you oppose criminals ideologically - they _ do _ exist , they _ do _ commit crimes , and they _ do _ represent a group of people in general in most people 's minds . 
  ( mind you , that sentence was applicable to both extremist sides . ), 
  of course it would be preferable if people did n't feel that way , but they simply do - realpolitik means dealing with those feelings instead of pretending they do n't exist , and the _ major _ influence they have on many people 's political beliefs needs to finally be represented in polls and properly be dealt with . 
  that 's an accurate description of reality , but people 's perception will be different . 
  just look at how the government 's stance is misrepresented on this sub ; why would a naive foreigner and potential immigrant have a more realistic view ? 
  their views are in fact purposely `` adjusted '' by people who could make profit from them . 
  i live near munich where i finally have as much forest as i can use again , and i would n't trade it for the world . 
  many people just are n't cut out for city life , especially if you 're talking about a metropolis like london . 
  would have been a great photo ( newspaper-worthy , even ) if you had managed to get the foreground blocks out of frame . 
  it 's astounding how much people are apparently able to infer from a single sarcastic sentence - especially when the rest of the comment in question is actually contrary to that interpretation . 
  you may have good intentions , but slamming someone who shows even the slightest opposition like you did shows you 're nothing but self-serving . 
  associating someone with a universally unpopular group is one of the cheapest and most useless possible arguments , and there 's no way to dress it up to make it comestible to me . 
  people usually judge help that 's primarily beneficial to the organizer as negative . 
  either view can probably be justified and argued for , but that kind of egocentric help tends to leave a bad taste on one 's tongue . 
  there was no need for such a disingenuous implication , the argument about helping people who are more likely to be vulnerable ( i. e. women , children etc. ), 
  was strong enough to stand on its own . 
  associating dissenters with `` evil '' like trp is just cheap manipulation and shows you care jack shit about actually helping people . 
   i do n't wan na read endless debates about stuff i already formed my opinion on , basically . 
  so , basically `` i do n't want to question my opinions '' ? 
  that 's an _ awful _ mindset . 
  there is no sane opinion that would n't benefit from being continuously compared and adjusted to reality . 
  other stances are exactly what i so strongly oppose - stances held independent from facts , i. e. ideology . 
  they at least have to make an obvious effort to eliminate biases . 
  zeit is a good example : they have a conscious slant but try to mix it up by having ` conflicting opinions ' articles with strong opposing views . 
  that 's how you achieve `` journalistic neutrality '' - try to implement it in your main corpus and do semi-random samples to compare your beliefs to reality . 
  or iow , no , they do n't have to _ be _ neutral ( because as you say , neutral is not a human thing to be ) , but decent journalists at least have to make a conscious effort to report as neutrally as humanely possible . 
  people rely on good journalists to provide them with facts and distilled insights from which they can make proper judgments , as opposed to the ideologically biased crap that welt or taz would provide them with . 
  assholes in cheap h&m dresses are still assholes no matter how much effort you expend to make them palatable . 
  welt is basically the taz of the right wing . 
  `` maybe that 's what they were referring to '' is n't the kind of bean counting you 're implying . 
  and as always , wikipedia is n't a reliable source about the concept itself but about its controversial status :  nation ( from latin : natio , `` people , tribe , kin , genus , class , flock '' ) is a social concept with no uncontroversial definition , [ 1 ] but which is most commonly used to designate larger groups or collectives of people with common characteristics attributed to them - including language , traditions , customs ( mores ) , habits ( habitus ) , and ethnicity . 
  this definition , however , is empirically inadequate , since no nation could meet this definition entirely . 
  a nation , by comparison , is more impersonal , abstract , and overtly political than an ethnic group . 
  it is a cultural-political community that has become conscious of its autonomy , unity , and particular interests . 
   the bbc is fantastic and its by far the best there is . 
  i 'd say arte is better . 
  bbc is great and all , but they 're a bit too conservative in their approaches . 
  arte has things like documentaries without comment , something i have n't seen from the bbc yet . 
  in light of the announcer 's description being repeated before and after the footage , you are likely correct ; thanks for pointing that out , i only skipped through the video originally tbh . 
  but the part about her `` somehow ending up in the tracks '' is still a quote , which makes the report less funny but still as deceptive . 
  ah , alright then - it basically appeared to mean `` no surprise , you 're all part of the nazi conspiracy anyway '' . 
  yup , complaining is exactly what you should do . 
  i 've complained about biases numerous times to respectable media , and if there was no blatantly obvious ideology to begin with , folks were always receptive of criticism . 
  journalists tend to get somewhat detached from the real world - _ especially _ respectable ones who deal in politics etc. 
  and try to be as neutral as possible - and it 's important to keep pulling them ( well , us ) back to the ground . 
   please enable javascript to play this video properly .
