  independent lusatia , yeah right ... 
  they 're basically polar opposites ... heroin is one of the strongest narcotics and meth one of the strongest stimulants . 
  depends on their argument . 
  saying `` nu-uh because unlike you we have a black president '' can barely be called an argument at all - if it was made seriously , it 's useless to counter it because it would be like teaching a cow math . 
  `` troll '' is the explanation that is less harmful to my faith in humanity . 
  it is , because they are of course capable of making such considerations themselves . 
  it may be a right policy in itself , but the way it was proclaimed with a grand announcement was an awful idea that was likely just supposed to strengthen her bargaining position . 
  things like that should happen through covert talks between diplomats , not on a tv screen . 
  every country probably has their attempt at a system like this , and every such system probably has stories of success and failure . 
  it does sound good on paper at least , though . 
   so now it 's a conspiracy . 
  if you mean even half the things you say , you should _ seriously _ have the whole eye - brain - fingers pathway thoroughly checked . 
  cute . 
  now please go play on your side of the big water , hmkay ? 
  we have enough trolls as it is . 
  i was talking about the people , not the articles - got ta keep up a facade . 
  but many vocal users are annoyingly clich\u00e9 enlightened university students . 
  good old muricans and their obsession with skin color ... 
  do you really expect an answer to such a moronically worded `` question '' ? 
  depperte wadenbeisserei ... and you 're doing nothing but that here , it seems . 
  afaik ours is much cleaner since there 's a decent supply route for raw materials through russia and the czechs are good at making it . 
  many of the problems meth causes in the us are due to it being very low-grade . 
  plus it appears to be a strange crack-like lower class drug there while people in europe ( that i know of ) usually take it at raves etc. 
  i does n't sound like they were in any kind of danger , the police and doctors will just handle any influence of drugs as `` poisoned '' to be safe . 
  you posted to / r/de , which ( besides being a left-wing circlejerk ) is german language only . 
  / r/germany would have been the better option . 
  oh , that 's something like `` listen and believe '' , right ? 
  that makes much more sense , meth does n't induce a `` zombie state '' or hallucinations ( without severe sleep deprivation or long-time abuse ) . 
  do n't think so , they ca n't claim competence any more now that the right-wing takeover is complete . 
  and germany _ at the very least _ needs a way to claim socially acceptable reasons for right-wing protest votes . 
  theoretically , if the union 's right wing formed a new breakaway party , they could get enough support , and the party the former liberal wing of the afd is now forming might be something to watch out for as well . 
  there 's been discontent all over the political spectrum with how little difference there is between parties any more which is n't sustainable if the situation deteriorates . 
  at the moment , everything is still running smoothly enough to say `` well , it works '' , but it might not stay like this forever . 
  is your argument seriously `` we will always have enough money because we can always print more '' ? 
  that worked out _ real _ well before ... 
   middle-eastern immigrants ? 
  dearborn michigan ( right outside detroit ) is doing well , with the largest concentration of muslims in the us . 
  afaik , most muslims in the us are black , not from the middle east . 
  `` dark continent '' just refers to the fact that much of it was unknown for a very long time . 
  makes sense to use it in the context of `` you do n't understand it '' . 
  the averages in germany have apparently not changed _ that _ much , they seem to be fluctuating around 0 degrees for all of winter . 
  but even one night where it 's -20 would be enough to kill a lot of people who ca n't get warm . 
  the escalation in these comments is so cute . 
  unzensuriert -  fp\u00d6 -  right-wing extremists -  nazis -  nazi conspiracy theory -  nazi conspiracy theory because jew . 
  the article raises some good points - they do nothing but list possible interpretations and acknowledge that the information supplied by the registrant may be completely false . 
  and the whois from the link _ does _ list the ayn rand institute and the name of someone working for a diametrically opposed organization , which is an interesting picture . 
  ( it has since been changed and now lists an apparently non-existent `` escape institute '' . ), 
  hence why op 's link points to a question posed to the government about their knowledge of the situation . 
  edit : google suggests the website is indeed tied to said opposing organization ( peng collective ) and the ayn rand part was bullshit . 
  strange that they 'd use a fake name and fake the organization but use an email address that can easily be traced back to them . 
  and from what i can tell , you have no shortage in loose gorgeous women , either . 
  must be an enormous task to sum up such a nuanced stance in a simple loaded word like `` crazy '' . 
  well done !, 
  nobody will shed a tear here if they drown . 
  you think they 're in berlin voluntarily ? 
  those are just the stuttgart hipsters we expelled for not being swabian enough - rejects , if you will . 
  too bad they 're apparently shaping our image up there . 
  even their dialect makes my ears bleed . 
  well , there are probably few people who really could relate , i only have my time in the military as a parallel . 
  being _ constantly _ on guard , knowing that your actions or inactions may have horrendous consequences is extremely taxing , and being confined as astronauts are probably does n't help , either . 
  so you have to make 110 % sure they can tolerate the conditions - how would you help someone who snaps in orbit ? 
  safety beats efficiency sometimes . 
  it appears they thought reducing the workload was the best approach , plus they probably have the most advanced machinery to automate research tasks as well . 
   our identity is not formed by christianity but by hatred for islam . 
  that 's an interesting viewpoint i had n't considered . 
  i 'd need to do some more reading to be able to properly evaluate it . 
  there are probably no people that are more valuable in terms of pure money than than astronauts . 
  i 'd imagine the various space agencies try _ very _ hard to keep them sane in such stressful and abnormal conditions . 
  i was obviously tarring you all with too broad a brush to keep it simple , but you ca n't deny that the influence of christian morals and / or institutions in the named countries is on average still much stronger than here . 
  i agree , but it 's undeniably closer to the original meaning than the renaissance vatican starting wars and manipulating international politics . 
  very interesting , thanks !, 
  i of course know that muslims were a horrible enemy of all of europe for a long time , but that does n't change the facts of christian values . 
  it may not be practical , but people should n't call themselves christian and act in opposition to them . 
  well , duh , of course it 's metaphorical seeing how it 's a literal metaphor ... used to describe the mindset a christian is supposed to take . 
  do n't be ridiculous , you ca n't argue away the new testament 's core values . 
  and about that second paragraph - i 'm not religious , either and do n't look to christianity to defend me , but it 's hypocritical to call yourself a country dominated by christian values and then to act in direct opposition to the most important ones . 
  those jobs ca n't really be replaced with technology , though . 
  working in a call center is pretty unskilled labor , but we 're _ far _ away from being able to write ais that would be capable of doing so . 
  ( and the incentive for reaching that stage is there regardless of the availability of labor . ), 
  same goes for most other services . 
  that 's different in agriculture or industry where machines can potentially replace thousands of humans at once . 
  primarily in the old testament , though . 
  come on , `` turning the other cheek '' has become a clich\u00e9 way to describe the christian mindset . 
   but i say unto you , love your enemies , bless them that curse you , do good to them that hate you , and pray for them which despitefully use you , and persecute you, 
  the eastern relation with religion has become hard to properly understand since communism , but i 'm under the impression that most of your countrymen ( if you are from one of those countries ) would consider themselves strongly shaped by christianity . 
  and if that impression is correct , there 's no way around acknowledging that the majority ( and thus the state ) really should enact the core values of christianity 's teachings - and forgiveness , compassion and helping people in need are among those . 
  there 's a reason why church asylum exists . 
  i think there 's a rather well-known passage about forgiveness in the bible . 
  or , well , a few hundred . 
  you countries having strong christian traditions , however , does . 
  damn , i fully expected you to be a false flag troll account designed to make leftists look bad ... but the numbers do n't appear to confirm this . 
  i do n't really see a problem with that - it would mean trading a little bit of unused land for immense gains in stability and far lower expenses for refugees . 
  that 's a deal that turkey or greece just might decide to make . 
  and such a project would of course be closely scrutinized by the international community - no way he could get away with significant abuses . 
  of course he aims to build his own country like this and is n't acting out of pure humanitarianism , but if everybody wins , why complain ? 
  building a nation from scratch is pretty much the perfect job for refugees . 
  was n't implying you are an israeli , just providing an example of how jews can be racist . 
  not everybody shares your sensitivity , the conflict with the palestinians seems to be making a more urgent impression than ww2 . 
  there 's no greater insult to a swabian than calling them a badenser , du saupreiss !, 
  edit : huh , people call swabians that outside bw ?
