  well , it 's at least more logical than your string of failed claims . 
  and mods can ban users from posting in a subreddit by using automoderator . 
  https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=8322154  we can use automoderator to moderate comments and shadowban users in a specific subreddit based on certain criteria ( e.g. 
  one day old account with negative comment karma or if account mentions certain keywords ) or by manually adding a user to a shadowban list they could simply have banned them from posting links , which would also explain why the other comments are visible . 
  wan na try again ? 
  your desperate attempts to deride me are fun . 
  both / u/arudas and / u/dholliz seem to have exclusively posted in / r/europe , so checking their history would yield nothing except what appears to be exactly what they claimed : posting stories and comment on those . 
  you 're saying / u/kodiakanorak is supposed to know a third account is connected to them ? 
  and if they do n't put in the effort of checking the post history of all three , they 're automatically a racist and to be exiled ? 
  jesus christ , man , that 's insane - how can that honestly your approach to such an issue ?!, 
  how do you justify that to yourself ? 
  ah , did n't see that . 
  still , what makes you think they did and were n't just talking without that context ? 
  why do you _ immediately _ jump to the conclusion `` racist '' ? 
  i stand by my original comment . 
  the comment that mentions it was even posted after theirs , ffs . 
  for breaking what rules ? 
  use the little red book as an otp . 
  ridiculing a troll is n't usually giving them what they crave . 
  it 's talking through them , not yelling at them . 
  screw off with that `` with us or against us '' nonsense . 
  we decided nearly 100 years ago that trench wars are useless . 
  probably for repeatedly posting things from the same ( not well-known ? ), 
  sources . 
  also , some ( toplevel - ) domains get banned outright try varying them a bit more , / u/dholliz , and test what causes the problem on / r/test . 
  i had the same one when i desperately tried to post a . tk domain and did n't understand why the posts disappeared . 
   if they have , then everyone else has , and we 're all fucked . 
  well , as long as you do n't use open source and learn how to protect your privacy . 
  i do n't get why people always bring up google as if it were commonly regarded as saintly . 
  they 've been evil incarnate ( considering only privacy ) since about a year after they became popular , and everyone who 's remotely interested in their privacy knows that if they 're not very young . 
  same with facebook - i 'd have seen ms as much more trustworthy than either as they focus on business where what amounts to spying is probably considered undesirable . 
  the only reason people do n't rally against google is because they 're honest ( and they contribute a lot ) - you can just use chromium and aosp instead of chrome and some ready-made android and you 're golden . 
  i care a lot about my privacy , but i have nothing bad to say about this approach . 
  does this only apply to windows 10 , or will they retroactively implement it in windows 7 ? 
  my mother is considering an upgrade and is very privacy conscious , so this would probably be a factor . 
   if you 're gon na disagree with the majority of what somebody said that 's also jumping to conclusions , seeing how i just corrected a minor point of theirs ... and not even one of opinion . 
  but they do n't even sell bahnsteigkarten any more ... 
  living up to your name , i see ... 
  i was n't _ justifying _ the downvotes , why do people always jump to the conclusion that explanation means justification ? 
  because they ca n't blindly rail against their target any more ? 
  dclauzel is being downvoted because many people do n't think very highly of their integrity , not because of immigration ... you may remember that comment in the thread about the terror attack in france , how the debate needs to be hidden from public sight so as to not incite racism ? 
  and there 's a constant stream of comments yelling for demodding because of incompetence - just read this thread . 
  people always say that when there are complaints , but disregard that it 's incredibly unlikely that a name like / r/better _ europe would ever beat / r/europe in popularity . 
  every new user is subscribed anyway , and any old user will first type '' / r/europe '' when looking for a sub about europe . 
  plus there 's the circlejerk that all the forked subreddits are full of unpleasant people anyway , which regardless of the content will make people shun them . 
  at the very last , since this sub became a default it has become impossible to migrate , so we have to keep this place nice . 
  also , such `` suggestions '' are vaguely reminiscent of those south park rednecks yelling `` you don ` like murica , you can just gaaaatout !, 
  '' , to become a bit less constructive . 
  i 'm just saying . 
  regardless of my distrust in petitions , i 'll say again what i said in the megathread : reddit was made specifically to provide an alternative system compared to traditional forums - it copied the usenet 's tree structure and subforum ideas and adapted it to discussing single items like news or thoughts by introducing time and popularity as a factor . 
  that is a concept that goes completely against something like a megathread , and consciously so . 
  trying to force this system to then behave like an ordinary forum again just does n't work - just like / u/jyujyujuyj , i lost all interest in the greece debates when the megathreads came along . 
  i know the mods promise to regularly refresh the thread to keep it clean , but that ironically only reinforces the system they are fighting against by actually removing discussions instead of just letting them fade away . 
  they have probably the best of intentions , but i do n't see how to make this concept viable . 
  the subreddit filters on / r/worldnews work _ far _ better with reddit 's system by basically introducing optional sub-subreddits that are far more accessible to the casual user . 
  i 'm also miffed because i like watching the debates here more than i care about the issues , and seeing how articles influence the nuances of the thread climate and how information spreads between threads , i. e. how the community ` works ' , is great and a megathread kills that . 
  but that 's just a personal morsel of opinion and nothing that many share in enjoying . 
  so , summary - filters , please !, 
   i do n't know , but i believe the answer should be based on hard data . 
  so you 're a racist , following your logic ? 
  or would that data just not change your opinion ? 
  because you seem to be saying they should be allowed in no matter what . 
  just letting in qualified people is the canadian system ... which has been called racist on this sub before as well . 
  it 's far to the right of the people you 're arguing against . 
  as the other user said , they 're separately listed in the ungrouped variant !, 
  last time i posted someone asked me to make summaries for nations so they could be compared more easily . 
  ( all the different uk flais _ really _ add up . ), 
  in the grouped variant , yes . 
  in the ungrouped variant , every flair counts separately . 
  it solely goes by the flair category . 
  you 've got a bulgarian flag , so you get counted for bulgaria . 
  i realize that there are some edge cases where this is a bad idea , but anything else would n't be feasible without going into ai and parsing comments and flair text . 
  alright , that sounds like decent reasoning , i 'll update shortly . 
  unfortunately i have no idea how to do actual statistics , could you elaborate on your individual suggestions ? 
   only thing i do n't understand is why separate the basque flag then but not the ( official ) catalan , or galician or andalousian ... etc. 
  unfortunately i 've not come around to prettily render it , but you can see the flair groupings here : http://wordfreq.ml/flairs.europe i had some difficult choices to make , it 's really hard to make a stringent ruleset in your mind when all you have to go by are your personal impressions of international politics . 
  it 's just a matter of display , though , not how the data is stored , so i can just change it at any time . 
  feel free to suggest a better ruleset !, 
  yeah , i wish i had n't decided to only store hashes of usernames , i 'd really like to look up such outliers . 
  cap of 2s it 's now , but the frequency on reddit in general is tiny . 
  each of those requests nets you 100 items ( max ) , and i 've not found a sub that was n't far from that . 
  fetching all posts on all of reddit , though , as you would need for a proper search engine - that could become a problem . 
  i 've already got to be mindful of memory usage etc. 
  from pulling a few hundred smaller subs , the data just adds up even though i discard the heavier items like post body quickly . 
  i 've got a bot running that periodically fetches new posts and condenses them into a word frequency database . 
  it 's been up for a month now and generates the same statistics as above for each flair and country . 
  but the data is n't _ that _ interesting yet - people mostly talk about greece and their own country . 
  it 'll get more interesting over time , i think . 
  i 'm not particularly interested in the topic itself , i just think the way people like you abuse the debate around it from both sides is destructive . 
   that way you can have a comprehensive discussion about immigration rather than 50 different small ones . 
  that 's how it would work on usenet or 4chan , but the problem is that reddit 's ranking algorithm includes age and is pretty destructive for sustained discussion , especially when you add downvotes into the mix . 
  it 's great for debating individual items like news stories or questions , but bad for anything else . 
  you 're trying to force traditional forum behavior onto a system that was made specifically to provide a different approach , which imho just does n't work . 
  i 'd be very much in favor of the filter solution as well , i constantly use them on / r/worldnews . 
  yes , a single year-old call for action . 
  that is zero proof of anything . 
  and i did n't say there were _ no _ such people , of course there are a few which is probably who you called out . 
  but it 's impossible for you to identify the rest , period , and i wo n't accept when someone takes their opinion to be correct enough to present guesses as fact in order to influence people . 
  well yeah , as i said , you can only guess that those subs are involved here . 
  you should then present it as a guess , not as `` this is the situation '' .
