  chilling effects and all that - the universal , nebulous implication of possible consequences is far more dangerous to freedom than clear laws . 
  we 've had blockwarte twice last century , no need to reintroduce them as moral vigilantes a third time . 
  ( though i 'm aware we 're well into the process of doing so ... ), 
  germans may have come up with the philosophical underpinnings of political correctness , but you went and ran off the deep end with them . 
  yeah , thanks , bologna process ... 
  it may be legally permissible , but not socially acceptable . 
  there 's an incessant stream of news from there who a racist , bigot , sexist etc. 
  now , usually for absurd reasons - their universities even have their own courts and behavior `` laws '' . 
  the right to exert free speech is completely worthless if it 's being suppressed like that . 
  i 'm fully aware of that . 
  such behavior is the opposite of `` adult '' , you 're just making something up to yell at it . 
  those tactics are something to reject in any debate , but if a skillful rhetor using them is comparable to a trained duel fencer , you 're the drunken brute smashing beer glasses over someone 's head . 
     you can keep talking about how muslims are coming to rape our mothers , sisters and daughters  stop derailing the fucking topic so you can get some fearmongering in . [ ... ], 
  perhaps you 'd like to act like a half decent adult you 've _ got _ to be joking . 
  it 's physically impossible to have that little self-awareness . 
  you would n't even pass the mirror test like that . 
   there 's free speech such as disagreeing with homosexual marriage , and then there 's allowing student societies to invite speakers who preach violence and death to homosexuals and jews . 
  ... and prohibiting the latter falls under `` upholding [ british ] law '' , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  `` sensitive '' does n't begin to describe such speech - they 're clearly covering their asses by forbidding anything controversial , else such nebulous non-words would n't be necessary . 
   the university has since suspended all `` sensitive '' student events . 
  ffs ... a university is supposed to be a place for expressing and developing controversial ideas , not something where `` sensitive '' events should be prohibited . 
  short of upholding the law , universities have no business in limiting freedoms . 
  this american sickness of everyone trying to censor everyone should n't be allowed to take further hold in europe . 
   and still doctors are one of the best paid professions in germany . 
  doctors in private clinics and the like are , yes . 
  but what employees of the state or your average family doctor earn is in no comparison to the responsibility and its lasting consequences or the working hours they put in . 
  it 's not like any other job that you can just forget when leaving in the evening - there 's a reason why psychological problems or substance abuse are so common amongst doctors . 
  i saw first-hand what that can do in a nurse who worked in a hospice far to long : she literally went blind for psychosomatic reasons . 
  my father had two heart attacks at 56 , and my mother is deeply depressed because the suffering of her patients wo n't leave her mind - both due to constantly being under stress and overworked . 
  of course money wo n't make that go away , and the conditions themselves are more relevant to the decision to emigrate ; but financial security at least allows one to say `` enough is enough '' when you ca n't take it any more . 
  it 's actually more due to the legal situation of doctors in the us , or at least that was the biggest point of discussion between my parents at the time . 
  their legal system makes the profession _ far _ more `` dangerous '' because you have to constantly be aware of the possibility of people suing you , which requires you to insure yourself against that . 
  so the salaries in reality are n't as enormously different as they appear on paper . 
  from what i also gathered from reading the union 's paper ( \u00c4rzteblatt ) , motivations like escaping bureaucracy are more common than pure monetary reasons . 
  then you simply misunderstood me - my post was purely descriptive . 
  what the cited doctor stated was true , his motivations for saying it do n't matter for judging that . 
  i merely put `` racist doctor '' in quotes because i very much dislike using such strong words to mean `` could be interpreted as '' . 
   your definition of `` the truth '' therefore seems kind of egocentric , if you know what i mean ... 
  i ca n't actually believe i 'm writing this . 
  thanks for the condescending accusations of hatred , but please point out where my description differs from the statements pattimaus cited . 
  we _ ca n't _ have a 9/11 because we do n't have the nimbus of invincibility constantly paraded in front of us . 
  the number of victims is pretty irrelevant , the symbolism is what made that attack so influential . 
  that the text may be agreeable does n't mean it 's automatically good , thoughtful or intelligent . 
  his writing is on the level of an average reddit rant . 
  that `` racist doctor '' was simply telling the truth . 
  german doctors are indeed leaving for the us , australia and scandinavia in significant numbers , and those countries actively head-hunt here . 
  the availability of cheaper employees definitely plays a part in weakening the union in negotiations as well . 
  both my parents are doctors and we were on the brink of leaving for australia before family circumstances forced us to stay . 
  if you think in binary , yes ... the magnitude of event a may still be dependent on variable b. 
  your statement would be true if a single person had ever been smuggled , which makes it pretty useless for reality . 
   clearly whether or not a government is making these kind of statements does not affect on whether people are being smuggled across the turkish/greek straits . 
  `` clearly '' ? 
  it would seem like you 're trying to get rid of clarity with such a false dichotomy ... 
  well , no - if nobody except you picked up on it at all , it had the same effect as not saying anything . 
  as i said , it 's not a magic spell that works just because you want to , manipulating people subliminally is hard . 
  this was clear since the beginning of the year - zdf reported around christmas that even the suppliers for refugee container homes were unable to cope with the demand , leave alone enough actual buildings being available . 
  the government _ must _ have known well what was going to happen when it was broadcast on the evening news back then already . 
  * perceived * bullshit . 
  as i said , you have to force yourself to read the sentence that way , which means that if it was propaganda , the writer was entirely incompetent , which in turn makes it unlikely that it was propaganda . 
  propaganda is useless if only those who want to see it do . 
  you were the only two people in that thread who `` noticed '' this - do n't you think the circlejerk would have swung differently if more people had picked up on the notion ? 
  a subliminal message needs _ some _ way of docking to your brain , it 's not a magic spell . 
  now i at least understand your way of understanding it ... but that 's a _ really _ far-fetched interpretation . 
  there is a minimal ambiguity in the first sentence which one could force to mean what you 're reading but i do n't think most people would understand it that way . 
  i still do n't see a difference . 
   out of 13500 migrants who have entered croatia only one women claimed asylum for herself and her children -  so far 13500 migrants have entered croatia [ ... ] out all of those only one woman claimed asylum for herself and her children presumably because there is none and `` it 's written that way intentionally '' was a complete non sequitur . 
  and i might be stupid , but not stupid enough that you could make me believe that `` copy of a xenophobe '' does n't mean `` xenophobe '' . 
  i have no idea what that 's supposed to tell me . 
  all you 're fighting for is the time-honored european tradition of rabidly and blindly flinging shit and hoping something sticks . 
  i do n't want my values defended by people who immediately label me a `` xenophobe clone '' because i mock them for not even being able to insult others properly . 
  people like you are only doing a disservice to those values . 
  no more !, 
  i concede , you 've won , you may make a mark in your calendar : `` another nazi converted , a victory for logic and reason ! '', 
  and your understanding of insults is , like , on ... a cow !, 
  yeah , there !, 
   i admit that my comment was n't meant to start an honest discussion , but neither were all the `` serves them right ! '', 
  comments just in this thread . 
  yeah , you 're exactly as conductive to this sub as them - smug or base , both useless . 
  and try your eristics 101 on someone else . 
   why are you downvoted ? 
  [ ... ] i wonder why / r/europe will downvote me . 
  because both of you are just concern trolling and underhandedly ask loaded rhetorical questions that say nothing but `` we 're better than all of you '' ... that 's about as diagonally opposed to `` discussion '' as you can get . 
  note that from random sampling , a large part of those were apparently accidents . 
  ah , thanks for the correction - according to google , the color thing seems to be a german modification of the concept . 
  i think they refer to the concept that you should eat food of five different colors a day . 
  it 's why the american god invented food coloring . 
  by the same idiotic smugly sarcastic phrases and shallow `` arguments '' being repeated in every single thread here , both sides are only fortifying the other 's position . 
  none of you are interested in a solution , you just want to play trench warfare so you have a clear target to fire on . 
  you 're pretty quick to stereotype the entirety of europe as founded in violent racism while simultaneously dismissing your mirror images ' analogous claim about the migrants . 
  pack , allemitanad ... 
  ( or `` vox populi , vox bovis '' if you do n't like rhymes . ), 
  at least we now know that people were casually throwing words like `` fascist '' around since the inception of this place . 
  do you even read whole sent, 
   the trend started way before the misrepresented statement . 
  but there is no `` the '' trend - if it took a sharp turn upwards after her statement , you could n't claim that it was part of the progression we see in the graph . 
  assuming that this did n't happen is just as wrong as assuming that it did - both are claims that need to be supported by further facts . 
  `` we ca n't tell from this '' is not . 
  i 've only sailed a few times , and thinking of navigating a sailboat through _ that _ gives me sweaty palms . 
  that does n't mean that the statement could n't have had a huge effect , though . 
  you see an absolute increase but disregard that the relative trend may have been accelerated due to it in a way that would dwarf the few percent seen in the graph .
