  you do appear to have less , how shall i say , quality control than germany in that regard , though . 
  if someone here has a license to do anything , including shooting a gun , you can be confident they know what they 're doing . 
  ( well , exclude military , maybe , i almost shot my commanding officer once ... ), 
  there 's an incredible amount of leftist , socialist , communist , whatever thought written by very intelligent people - read that as something opposed to your world view , not clowns like wsws . 
  i recommend starting with sarte 's short stories , i love those . 
  show me one single incident of a sane homosexual abusing someone due to a belief of heterosexuality being inferior . 
  that is a _ completely _ false equivalency . 
   yet you exclusively post a list of actions aimed against refugees not even that , they include things that clearly were not actions against refugees ( such as someone simply going nuts ) and cliche manipulation tactics like attorney quotes about how their defendant is n't guilty ( well , _ duh _ ) . 
  the bias evident from the first day 's description sufficed to turn me off reading the rest . 
  well , yeah - see above , i consider extremism a sane opinion ( just with dubious axioms ) . 
  that 's different from committing apparently extremist acts because you have severe psychological problems . 
  mixing up insanity and `` insanity '' is aggravating to me . 
  there 's little to be found on her because she got most publicity due to a single action , but looking at this : http://www.cbn.com/cbnnews/world/2014/march/brave-german-woman-why-heidi-mund-rebuked-islam-/ ... she seems quite sane and actually not unlike my mother 's side of the family ( as mentioned above ) . 
  particularly her advocacy of sola scriptura would resonate with my family , and she does n't appear to be in favor of violence or the like . 
  so she would be a pretty good face to put on `` christian extremism in germany '' as i described it . 
  i 'm not so sure whether there 's an american influence to this - calvinism originated from switzerland , after all , and although the reasons are lost in time my relatives stem from that general direction . 
  that there are partly similar ideas in the us may just be coincidental from a theological pov - my grandmother as the family 's `` religious center '' actually despises the `` loud '' kind of christianity you find in us megachurches . 
   fifa investigates how to make a title hilarious in just two words . 
  do n't rely on votes to judge people 's sentiments on this sub any more - i 've made that mistake several times myself , but as it turns out _ absurd _ misinterpretations of my comments were usually to blame . 
  extremists of any kind will just read what they want to , and / r/europe is a battleground for all kinds of ... intellectually interesting people right now . 
   not even joking . 
  no , but seriously , you were joking , right ? 
  neither of you have apparently read this thread ... no reason to not circlejerk about being victimized , though , right ? 
  hm , i admittedly have no idea where i went - i had no place to sleep so after exploring the center , i just walked in one direction . 
  but i probably did n't come close to actual suburbs considering the size of the city . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  `` disallowed comments : agenda pushing '' ? 
  that seems , uh , somewhat broad . 
  i like that you clarified some of the rules - more specifics were direly needed - , but why counteract your intentions with something like this ? 
  an addendum clarifying what that actually means and when it will be applied might be a good idea . 
  finding some neutral description of their politics is pretty much impossible , but judging from their vocabulary ( `` mitteldeutschland '' as the historical term for the current east ) , they appear to advocate the kleindeutsche loesung , i. e. reclaiming some territories in today 's poland and czech republic . 
  but as i said , that 's not _ quite _ as extreme as it might seem at first glance , it was a widely held opinion ( or at least hope ) by the political center for decades after the war . 
  and by `` sensitive '' , i did n't mean `` it 's a problem to talk about '' , i meant `` it 's a problem if you destroy it '' . 
  see our reaction to versailles , for example - a large part of the anger was because the treaty was perceived as an attempt to undo what the revolutions of the 1800s had accomplished . 
  same goes for the soviet partition . 
  our entire concept of a nation is built on events like the 1848 revolution , the hambach festival or the wartburg festival , all of which were based on defiantly talking about `` greater germany '' in opposition to the small kingdoms and princedoms of the time . 
  any german will have images like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/hambacher_fest_1832.jpg ) burned into their memory if they paid any attention in history class at all . 
  i 'm not sure what the npd 's policy is on this , but historically , there have been several concepts about the definition of the german nation . 
  most included eastern prussia , for example , i. e. what 's currently polish territory ; it was n't that long ago that even the left let go of the idea of reuniting these places with germany . 
  ( edit : and including austria was actually opposed by a substantial number of them because integrating vienna 's political power would have been challenging at the time . 
  google kleindeutsche / grossdeutsche loesung for a more thorough explanation . ), 
  unity is a _ very _ sensitive topic in germany in general since all of our major political changes in the 1800s dealt with the concept in one way or another . 
  afaik ( from reading my mother 's psychiatry and psychology journals and books ) , the disorder really is much more prominent in men - for whatever reason , the political climate probably makes research in that field somewhat difficult . 
  wtf , helsinki is dangerous ?!, 
  i absolutely loved walking through the city at night , one of the most beautiful sceneries i 've ever seen . 
  i even spent some time chatting with the bums at the central station , very lovely people . 
  that was in 2007 or so , has it changed since or was i simply being stupidly naive ? 
  ku klux klan in schwaebisch hall ? 
  that sounds like an absurd joke - swabia is one of the most catholic regions in germany . 
  that alone should show how extremely limited their reach was ( as the article mentions ) . 
  of course there are isolated pockets of just about any kind of extremist in just about any country , that i have to admit . 
  but that 's not really worth talking about exactly due to that universal nature . 
  i summed up those pockets under `` mental spectrum '' because i do think that such thoughts are n't usually sane and based on reason ( unlike actual extremism like al quaeda , gladio or raf ) but so detached from reality that they qualify someone as `` crazy '' . 
  but those are semantics , nothing worth arguing about . 
  and future developments may of course bring on a very different situation , we 're at a _ very _ volatile point right now and it 's hard to make any predictions . 
  funny that you think it must have been me - i consider your viewpoint naive , but i only downvote people who are malicious . 
  ( check your righteousness privilege and all that . ), 
  and of course , your statement did n't come across as _ exclusively _ describing your local perception ; that would be rather uninteresting , so people are going to extend its meaning to your perception of your region or country . 
  yeah , i 'm literally fearing for my life every time i walk through munich at night ... 
  i was saying that christians _ that _ radical simply do n't exist in germany outside of the mental spectrum . 
  i come from a family of fairly radical christians myself , but they 're simply die-hard calvinists ( in tendency , not literally ) and could n't harm a fly , and i 've never met anyone with more extreme views on religion . 
  anyone who 'd literally try to kill someone to `` save the messiah '' _ must _ be insane in this country . 
  ( and most others . ), 
  both `` discussions '' are equally stupid , too ... 
  i know quite a lot of people who own guns ( hunters ) , and they 're _ extremely _ careful with them . 
  in fact , german policy about firearm safety is so thorough and requires so much education that i think we would n't see any problems even if we were much more liberal about who 's allowed to own a gun . 
  ah , alright , `` i love him '' seemed to suggest you were aware of him before . 
  you may be confusing ahmad and ahmed mansour ? 
  it would be surprising if a brit knew this guy , and the ahmed one is british . 
  that sounds more like he found a convenient outlet for serious mental problems that cold and calculated politics . 
  `` i 'm saving the messiah '' , really ? 
   `` according to the german legal code , therapists are forbidden from revealing anything that happens in the context of treatment , '' said laura kuhle , a clinical psychologist and one of dunkelfeld 's therapists . 
  `` if people mention anything in therapy that could make them criminally culpable , they are protected . 
  in other countries , that 's not the case . '' that ca n't be stressed enough in the general context of psychotherapy . 
  i just naturally assumed that at least my insurance would be aware of my diagnoses before i talked about it in length with my psychiatrist , but as it turns out , there 's absolutely nobody but the therapist themselves and an independent reviewer who receives an anonymized report who knows anything about you unless you explicitly sign off on it . 
  all even the insurance receives is an unspecific `` medically necessary '' or `` unnecessary '' statement . 
  maybe that 'll help dispel some fears people may have about psychotherapy . 
  as i said , that 's probably due to local reasons - either you take less refugees than other places or they just are n't as visible because you may have had a lot of foreigners before . 
  the influx is _ very _ visible in rural regions where the population was completely homogenous before ( save for a few turks , greeks , italians ) . 
  in my grandmother 's village , there are now as many migrants as natives - no way to overlook this . 
  it 's very funny to see an american defiantly using another country as an example of urbanization gone wrong . 
  heute straightforwardly reported this as `` a past allegation of corruption '' . 
  it may be the biggest stunt the titanic ever pulled , which really means something . 
  reactionary has two translations - `` the ones acting in response '' and `` the ones trying to push back to the past '' . 
  ( `` re '' in this context can mean `` back '' both as a description of manner and time . ), 
  but it 's so often abused ideologically that it 's not a very useful term in general . 
  you 're maybe looking for `` structurally conservative '' - people who 'd like to preserve the factual state ( often of the past ) instead of seeing towards its values being preserved like value conservatives . 
  \\  germany \\  conservatism top kek . 
  most we get is a centrist party and some retarded loudmouths on the fringe , neither of which would qualify as `` conservative '' in summary . 
  the union - and to a lesser extent , even social democrats - do have wings that would , but that there 's a variety amongst them is probably a non-statements as it applies to all parties everywhere . 
  ( same goes for the population , there 's of course a wide variety of approaches to conservatism . ), 
  oh ffs , yes , i remembered one specific wording one but the rest of what i said obviously is n't touched by that - claiming it does makes zero sense . 
  now go away . 
  i already said i 'm not interested in repeating that ordeal , and you do n't exactly make me more inclined . 
  so what 's your point in smugly confronting me ? 
  bismarck was likely mulch by 1908 . 
  i 'd very much like that , too , but unfortunately you 'd have to be some kind of universal genius or a large group of scientifically-minded people to compile such a report . 
  neither is going to happen , especially when all official stats ( at least in germany ) only describe one very particular aspect of the situation without putting it into context . 
  ... huh ? 
  that means absolutely nothing , your city may just not have an asylum center for whatever reason .
