  and i 'm not looking forward to the opposite side smugly `` asking '' `` why ca n't you be as civilized as me ? '', 
  in the lower half of the thread ... 
  strike the earth !, 
  oh he can , but for some people even mentioning something is the same as supporting and defending it at all costs . 
  remember , `` censorship or islamophobia , one has to choose '' . 
  they _ are _ using their emotions when presenting such caricatures . 
  just as bad as the left . 
  this _ has _ to be a filtered group in some way that goes way beyond people who attend religious conferences being a bit nuts . 
  in the east , yes . 
  they have massive population flight due to lack of opportunities . 
  ( of course the _ perfect _ environment to introduce tension to . 
  and naturally , the west has everything but spare housing . ), 
  people go to college to become a mechanic in the us ? 
  well , they store the money of half of europe 's wealthy , for example . 
  it 's a small country , but their financial power is enormous . 
  not to mention that they 're at a great strategic location between germany , italy , austria and france - they could make life very difficult for transport companies and the like . 
  the anarchist flair will just provoke negative reactions . 
  most people that have it are so radical they 're disliked by almost the entire political spectrum - and you 'll be associated with them . 
  also , if livonia has some kind of flag or emblem , i 'm sure the mods will gladly implement it as a new flair , they do that all the time . 
  you did n't hear about the reunion show a year ago ? 
  they just have the same stereotypes attached - banks , money , gold , isolationist etc. , so people draw the parallel . 
  jokingly , of course - seems that disclaimer is required ... 
  the mountain jews are particularly famous for reacting _ badly _ to outside pressure . 
  their independence and neutrality is their whole pride - it requires a quixotic world view to think such an announcement is a good idea . 
  rent is apparently just calculated differently in poland - i 've lived in multi-party houses before , and while i always received bills detailing my individual use of resources , the rest was apparently included in the base rent itself . 
  i 've never owned , though , and my parents have only owned houses so i of course ca n't say how many fees owned property would require here . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  most people just would n't call that rent . 
  ( and i 'm surprised the number is that high - buying a sizable apartment just yields  120 euros a month in savings ? 
  either your purchase prices are extremely low or that makes it stupid to own property . ), 
  you know , the `` thats racist !!!!! '', 
  crowd . 
  they 're intellectually on par with inferring `` those numbers are ok '' from `` those numbers are misrepresented by this graph '' . 
   rent for 50m apartment is 80 $ if you own it or 200-300 $ if you do n't own it . 
  what 's the `` rent '' for something you own if you list electricity and heating separately ? 
  surely , it ca n't just be water . 
  did you just average repair costs etc ? 
  edit : also , that price seems awfully high - i 've had 15 m ^ 2 under the roof ( i. e. maybe 20 m ^ 2 floor space ) for 250 in munich city , which is famous for its ridiculous prices . 
  is that in warsaw or krakow , or do people in small towns actually pay that much ? 
  go play with the treehuggers if you could bring yourself to actually believe that , simpletons tend to like each other . 
  just do n't start discussing politics until we 've fenced you in . 
  i 'm `` acting like '' noting , i generally have nothing but disrespect for use of that idiotic tag . 
  if you 're unable to use sarcasm , then do n't - do n't yell `` this was sarcastic , by the way !!!!, 
  '' , defeating its whole purpose . 
  thanks , i thought you probably just knew the number - i 'm switching because vodafone is basically forcing the upgrade on their customers . 
  i 'm sure i 'll find it somewhere in the contract . 
  how much do they have to provide ? 
  i 'm upgrading to one of their 100 mbps lines from a 16 mbps line ( for free !, 
  ) , but i 'm a bit skeptical if the speed will be sufficient in a residential neighborhood . 
  for browsing , other factors like latency are far more important . 
  and i do n't think there 's a youtube video with more than 21 mbps . 
  that just leads to an us-like situation where only one provider is available per area . 
  no thanks , that 's not competition . 
  and tumblrina sexism commonly focuses on rape , which is why i was the first one to use the literal word . 
  that then became `` immigrants are rapists '' in your mind somehow - because as i said , it 's what you wanted to read . 
  bye now . 
  yeah thanks , but you were the first person to bring up rape in this context at all by mentioning tumblrina sexism . 
  all people talked about before was young men getting into _ any _ kind of mischief . 
  so much for `` reading '' , hm ? 
  and i 'm pretty comfortable in my ivory tower where i can look down upon all you ideologically driven morons vomiting on each others ' feet . 
  hopefully , our politicians will join me in time and make some logically sound decisions . 
   the modern left is so `` secure '' in their little worlds that attacking even a single argument is a sign of a dolchsto\u00df . 
  iow , the sole fact that i disagreed with the logic of a single argument of yours was enough for you to _ immediately _ group me with the absolutely most extreme of the people you oppose . 
  no `` defense '' ever happened - attacking an argument does _ not _ mean supporting the counter-argument , it 's in fact a valuable service to your camp . 
  shame that the ideologically blind nutjobs with zero regard for logic and reason have taken over - i used to call myself a leftist once , but that ended _ very _ quickly once i encountered people like you . 
  let 's just leave it at that , i 've long given up trying to convince your clones . 
  well , if you 're designing your arguments for people stupid enough not to recognize sarcasm it 's sorta necessary . 
  oh come on , leaving out the part where i did address that is too cheap even for you . 
  ah , retreating defiantly onto the `` with us or against us '' position - also a classic . 
  funny to think that even stalinists considered `` criticism and self-criticism '' an important philosophical aspect of the left wing but the modern left is so `` secure '' in their little worlds that attacking even a single argument is a sign of a dolchsto\u00df . 
  non sequitur because i never made that argument you base your entire judgment on . 
  you 're so angry that you _ immediately _ jump to an absurd , insulting and indefensible interpretation of my comment because it was what you _ wanted _ to read . 
  you _ want _ everyone else to be `` bad '' so you can insult them with tired words like `` fascist '' which have long lost their meaning thanks to that exact behavior . 
  how else would you confirm yourself in your feeling of superiority ? 
  it 's cute that you think you 're `` calling me out '' - you 're raging against an image conjured entirely by your imagination and bias . 
  i 'd really like to know how someone becomes like you . 
  the path towards racism is fairly clear-cut - they propose radical principles and care exclusively about a strictly defined group with no regard for ethics . 
  it 's understandable how someone can arrive at such a position because it 's a base emotional reaction and there is no inherent contradiction . 
  but your ilk ? 
  `` progressives '' commonly pride themselves on their intellectual insight and mature , sophisticated world view , and you ca n't even think of an argument that is n't a non sequitur with some buzzwords thrown in ? 
  how does your head not implode from the cognitive dissonance ? 
  how do you justify your behavior to yourself ? 
  how can you jump from what i said to immediately grouping me with a group of caricatures of fascists yelling `` they gun rape our women '' ? 
  it 's almost comical at this point , but only because i like absurd humor . 
  then the calculator to arrive at those numbers must be broken ... 
  interesting , looking at wikipedia you have many semi-arid zones ( that shape the texas stereotype ) but chose to build houston and dallas in the few unlivable parts . 
  i thought you had a very dry climate ? 
  most people i know cope very well with dry heat , the humidity is what kills . 
  the difference is that the statistical likelihood for a group of young man without something to do getting into trouble is a _ bit _ higher than for an individual man to be an evil rapist - especially where there are other tension factors like poverty , trauma and ghettoisation . 
  i know you 're just being smug and snarky , but that really fails where your equivalence has zero ground to stand on . 
  circular graphs are _ the _ most dishonest way to represent a linear scale . 
  as is plainly obvious in this one . 
  nonsense . 
  the higher number is tremendously misleading because it does n't include the circumstances . 
  if one person can potentially count the same as 2000 different ones , the stats are completely useless - the latter would indicate a failure of the system , the former a single extreme case with extraordinary circumstances that can occur in any country and can not possibly be prevented 100 % . 
  it 's different if the individual crimes happen under wholly different circumstances , but simple repetition of the same should be collapsed . 
  inflating your count that way is n't `` going after the shadow numbers '' , it 's _ hiding _ them , and your entire emotional speech makes absolutely no sense in that context . 
  i know , that 's why i did n't include it in the title . 
  not that it matters , this is apparently a `` controversial '' submission that almost nobody will see . 
  same , it took me about one week as well to get accustomed to indian dialect , which is probably worse than many british ones .
