  i still have some that i use to pin documents together and whatnot , `` hero of the sovjet union '' etc. 
  it 's _ very _ debatable , though , if aid actually improves living conditions long-term - free european produce is wreaking havoc on africa 's agriculture , for instance . 
  you ca n't simply say `` we give them free stuff so they have it better '' - that sounds like a good idea on an interpersonal level but may actually have a detrimental effect on international levels . 
  the above post is still accurate as any kind of job market is slowly being consumed by automation . 
  by 2100 , we might actually be at a point where only creative work has to be done by humans , if even that . 
  the west is looking at _ major _ upheavals due to those developments in the mid-future , and i find it strange this is n't talked about more . 
  but bottom line being : you ca n't judge a fully automated society with today 's standards , nobody really understands the changes technology will bring about at such a scope . 
  it 's like predicting the needs of future humans at the beginning of the industrial revolution , it ca n't be done - and our societies are developing faster than theirs by an order of magnitude . 
  i meant the number of arrivals per time unit rising ( vs. not doing so with steady influx ) , not the total number . 
  may still be haarspalterei , though , i just wanted to explain the apparent misunderstanding . 
  hm , we may simply interpret it differently - `` more refugees '' means `` a rising number of arrivals '' to me in this context , not a steady influx . 
  that means `` we can manage the current number of refugees '' , not `` more '' . 
  well , then your initial claim is simply dishonest and deceptive . 
  the issue is _ how _ they 're citing it . 
  the poll has been posted here before , with a title that simply expressed people 's confidence in germany 's ability to not be overwhelmed . 
  this submission sounds like everybody here wants to take in all of africa and the middle east right now , which simply does n't reflect reality - in a related poll , only 23 % said germany should take more refugees . 
  not what we see here , it appears to be raw , uncut footage . 
  and i doubt they had the means to include any digital effects . 
  i just understood what that means . 
  used seriously , that actually is so stupid it hurts . 
  because the correct term is obviously unterlases . 
  screeeew napoleon , 1871 best year of my lyf , gib back elsass, 
  i would n't know about that , sorry - as i said , it 's been a while . 
  plus there are some inanely simple `` bomb recipes '' ( such as the one for making acetone peroxide ) that will only serve to blow yourself up outside the most capable of hands . 
  it 's likely that media reported about one of them because it would be virtually harmless . 
   i mean it wo n't be easy to find a precise tutorial on how to make bombs top kek unless the situation has changed _ dramatically _ , that is astoundingly easy . 
  a friend of mine used to be extremely interested in the topic , and we made bombs of various sizes to blow up parts of his father 's fields , remotely operated electronic detonators and all , when we were a mere 16 years old . 
  ( in about 2002 . ), 
  if the mods are considerate enough , modding _ some _ opinionated users might actually a good thing - they might bring internal controversies , and controversy keeps minds acute . 
  that is , of course , presuming that they would not abuse their powers to enforce their own opinions - many people are capable of at least trying to do so and would of course be receptive of criticism of them failing to do so . 
  there are some who have shown , ahem , a little too much intensity in the past to be taken seriously , but the ones you named are ( while clearly biased ) not part of that group . 
  people are pretty torn about spiegel . 
  leftists tend to like it because they have a ( nowadays less clear ) leftist bias and they actually used to be great in the past , mainly in red army faction times . 
  you can still find a lot of old articles in their archives and they are amazing . 
  today , they have unfortunately deteriorated and _ really _ good reports are few and far between while shallowness abounds and you have to always be mindful of their bias and shallowness . 
  they 're much more akin to lower-class magazines like stern or focus now - they also may have the occasional great piece ( and stern is famous for its photos ) , but large parts of them will just make you roll your eyes . 
  what also lowered their reputation is their spiegel online portal , which is maintained by a different team , much lower in quality and known mostly for its comically bad comment section . 
  ( for germans : the comment section is bit like heise was / is , that 's what i 'm referring to , just that people clash over russia instead of linux . ), 
  spiegel is one of those i was thinking of in the category of `` tiring to sift through '' . 
  people tend to defend it , though , because they were at the center of some heavily politicized scandals in the past , for instance one where several of their journalists were detained for treason , so deriding the magazine puts you under suspicion of not supporting freedom of the press . 
  `` pretty pissed '' is probably a bit strong , but in my perception , it definitely falls under `` chumming up '' . 
  it 's just got a joviality to it that 's inappropriate for serious quality media but is unfortunately common in `` hip '' and `` young '' journalism . 
  as little as i like to yell `` fallacy '' after it 's been tainted so much by pseudo-intellectuals , thinking that 's proof of neutrality is indeed an example of the [ golden mean fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_to_moderation ) . 
  sadly , al jazeera has long since abandoned their neutral roots . 
  there was an exodus of actual journalists a while ago when that happened , and afaik the situation has n't changed back . 
  it 's a bad idea to preserve their reputation if i 'm not misinformed . 
  `` neutral media '' is obviously more or less synonymous with `` quality media '' , and in that regard we have it pretty good . 
  our state media consists of ard , zdf and 3rd channels that broadcast regionally ( only counting tv - dw on radio is good ) , of which ard is notably center-left , the zdf rather centrist and the 3rd channels slightly conservative . 
  you will notice some bias , but any competent consumer will be able to filter that out . 
  they are unfortunately rather superficial , though , being content with pretty much reiterating confirmed messages from news agencies and doing a special report now and then ( or a documentary two years afterwards ) . 
  concerning newspapers , i would name sueddeutsche , zeit and faz , which represent social democrats , left liberals and conservatives , respectively . 
  the nzz is also good for news about germany from an outside perspective and slightly to the conservative side of the faz . 
  all of them are much more in-depth than the state media , so they fill a different niche . 
  the zeit , being a weekly , has a particular reputation of being about three books long , it can seriously fill a long journey 's time with ease . 
  you know what you 'll get with those papers ( apart maybe from parts of the zeit which has `` conflicting opinion '' columns where people debate each other ) , and if you read them in combination , you 'll usually have a pretty good picture about the facts . 
  twitter , by the way , is generally great for that , journalists love using it and you can build yourself a really diverse opinion feed . 
  furthermore , they are usually responsive to even harsh criticism - being a journalist myself , i wrote rather aggressively worded letters about particularly bad instances of them abandoning their standards or about particularly bad articles to their journalists before , and they were generally receptive of it if there was no clear ideological blindness to begin with . 
  anything but the mentioned ones is usually between tiring to filter through , crap with clear bias or rather niche , though they may of course be interesting to add to your feed as well to not get stuck in a strictly centrist rut . 
  all in all , i am content when i compare our media with that of other countries - they have a strict press code that 's neither too pampering nor too incendiary , and you can usually trust the outlets that have a reputation of adhering to it . 
  the only thing that _ really _ irks me is that the us-sourced abomination of `` social media '' is continually being pushed and many ... writers try to chum up with people in a manner that would befit / r/fellowkids . 
  hopefully , they 're just going through a phase . 
  edit : sorry for all the edits , i constantly think of new little facts to add . 
  guess it does n't really matter in a thread like this , though . 
  not `` will '' . 
  they think the mechanism _ may _ have a second-generation influence , and those times are a little further back . 
   muh muh muh muh muh muh muh muh sure you do n't belong on a farm ? 
  well yeah , lowering birth rates will do that as well . 
  come on , not even kissinger would advocate for genociding entire countries to make the world a better place . 
  but the migrants do n't want to stay in greece , they want to proceed to central europe . 
  it 's already an unsustainable situation - no way you could have given them enough cash to drag it on by making it official . 
  they require a few more resources than just food , water and shelter , not to mention the societal impact . 
  it 's the same root word in german , and as ( probably ) a result the word is being used far less liberally than in english . 
  what , really ?!, 
  syriza fucked up _ big time _ recently , not even talking about policy but their populism made them a joke in my mind . 
  the rhetorics were just too absurd - and you 're saying that actually made them popular with greek voters ? 
  no , i merely stated one of my perceptions and admitted it may be completely inaccurate . 
  that 's not `` making claims '' . 
  as a southerner , i 'm appalled at your stance . 
  never mind bavarian ambiguity towards the german nation , we have simply proved to be superior beings over the last century and you could not last five seconds without stuttgart or munich . 
  you _ need _ us , your hatred is irrelevant . 
  not making any claims about the swedish society , but `` discussed '' and `` discussed '' can be very different things . 
  you can string _ a lot _ of words together without actually saying anything , and the general topic-related discontent in sweden seems to be related to such behavior . 
  yes , exactly - people commonly disregard that society 's _ perception _ is far more important than reality . 
  it usually does n't matter at all what is actually happening except to the people who are physically close to an event - the reports will be far more influential for the millions who have no means to judge the situation themselves . 
  jokes do n't mean someone holds those view in reality . 
  sweden being the kebapweedistan paradise is just a common cliche by now , similar to how people bring up hitler whenever germany is relevant . 
  it may not be exactly the most pleasant stereotype , but whatever - every country in europe is being joked about in that manner . 
  i agree that those jokes can become annoying , but again , that 's the case for every single one of those irl circlejerks if you want to actually have a debate . 
  racism is socially acceptable ? 
  excuse me , are you from the past ? 
  because i 've literally only heard racist statements three times in 30 years unless you count `` microaggressions '' . 
  talking about groups does n't imply racism . 
  it 's obvious that skilled people are more of a benefit to their host country , that 's what the entire immigration policy of north america or australia is based on . 
  wanting to limit immigration to those groups may be selfish , but it 's a far cry from attributing even potential skill to skin color . 
  the part of germany where they speak english and fear drowning in their sleep . 
  but russia is an upstanding , honest , simple country . 
  the gender is devious and seeps into every orifice it can find in the second you 're not looking . 
  then flip empty vodka bottle in your right hand to make a club , also produce giant knife with your left . 
  not really surprising , indoctrination and propaganda are influential things and may prevail even when you become the most powerful woman on the planet . 
  and where would that magical place be , then ?
