   so , you would n't say they 're terrorists then ? 
  i prefer my `` ideological blindness '' instead of your ideological hatefulness , then . 
  uh ... no , people who are n't terrorists are n't . 
  i was talking about people who disagree with you , i do n't think you could have read anything else into my comment . 
  i even gave you an example ( this subthread ) so it would be impossible for you to misunderstand . 
  ( alright , a tiny , tiny percentage of those will be terrorists , but you constantly claim _ all _ of them are . ), 
  ... and it 's not a great boon to the debate , either , when / r/european users try to play innocent and support reasonable criticism of extremism . 
  oh please , i wo n't give you the satisfaction of insulting you for that abysmal argument . 
  you know fully well that i was speaking metaphorically , and that 's a very common use for `` violent '' - it 's even [ in the dictionary ] ( http://www.dict.cc/?s=violent&amp;=deen&amp;= ) . 
  and that you try the exact tactic i just criticized you for on me is n't exactly a great strategy , either . 
  you attacked someone as a racist _ who gave no indication of being one _ - the people you generally oppose are n't `` right-wing terrorists '' , they 're people who do n't agree with your every word . 
  you just _ claim _ they are terrorists because it makes your argument more easy to understand for narrow-minded and ideologically blinded hangers-on , just like you did with the above user . 
  the user gave _ zero _ indication of being a racist , their comment history is completely boring and ordinary . 
  morons like you are preventing any kind of actual debate of this topic . 
  and you whine about the state of affairs as much as the people you so violently oppose , with the difference of using your supposed moral superiority to actively silence everyone who does n't appreciate your idiotic tactics . 
  good job ... 
  that kind of outrage culture is n't a very good justification for anything , regardless of this case . 
  to say it with the words of a great man who constantly defies it , those people should all be retroactively aborted . 
  shit , was has become of the discovery channel ? 
  your export business sure should care what the outside world thinks ... because you 'll become even less relevant if they do n't . 
   maybe germany should start some kind of fertility-boosting policies ? 
  i know denmark does something similar . 
  impossible , people would start shouting `` lebensborn '' immediately . 
  not to mention the `` racist '' implication that replacing people with immigrants is n't the superior approach . 
   city of pegida _ really _ ? 
  that did n't strike you as `` too low '' somehow ? 
  no chance . 
  it 's not signed by them , it just says to talk to them if you want to help . 
  yeah , this is either from the anti-german antifa or fake . 
   and this is totally relevant in the article ... how much clearer than literally writing it can you get ? 
  i was talking about the article , not the event , and i made that very clear ... it 's idiotic to call this racist . 
  yes , people costumed as black sheep are definitely being racist and this is totally relevant in the article . 
  why not get peta involved as well while we 're at it ? 
  one day , the anglos will realize that not everybody lives inside their little bubble and the whole world does n't have to bow to their standards , one day ... 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/swarm  to move about , along , forth , etc. , in great numbers , as things or persons . 
   to congregate , hover , or occur in groups or multitudes ; be exceedingly numerous , as in a place or area . 
   ( of a place ) to be thronged or overrun ; abound or teem : the beach swarms with children on summer weekends . 
  lel dehumanizing when it being used on humans is literally in the dictionary ... 
  india also has one of the highest numbers of women in the world . 
  you saying that they 're a ` he ' is bigoted and , frankly , racist by implying that their patriachical and heteronormative society makes it impossible for women to speak their mind and is thus incompatible with european cultural norms and values . 
  shame , shame on you and your racist bigoted ass . 
  how were they spinning ? 
  _ you _ are doing that by inferring a wagon 's worth of bullshit . 
   seriously , you sound like you just want to be able to complain about something . 
  especially when the worst case scenario is `` getting remarks '' ... 
  aaah crap , that 's what happens if electronic communication makes corrections not look ugly any more . 
  you forget to think about what to write beforehand . 
  i meant attacked . 
  i do n't think the categories on that first map could be phrased worse ... `` respect of human rights '' and `` discrimination '' as the polar opposite ? 
  i know that 's not how they meant it , but jesus , at least put some thought into your map if the eu 's paying for it . 
  yeah , exactly - without a strict definition of `` offensive '' , that survey is pretty much meaningless . 
  i 'd imagine a lot of straight men will feel `` put off '' in some way , but that 's just a pretty normal reaction to a rare behavior you ca n't emphasize with . 
  i felt the same way when i once saw two dominatrixes leading a sub on a leash , for example , but he seemed to be enjoying it , so why make a negative judgment about the people ? 
  that would still count as `` being offended '' , though ( and that term is as meaningless here as in the us ) , but it 's not intolerance or hatred by any means . 
   in the same way that people are afraid to go jogging in the woods at night for fear of being raped or killed . 
  but the reality is that if you go jogging at night in the woods the chances of getting raped or killed are nearly non-existing . 
  ... in nl ? 
  the only thing i 'd be afraid of here is being killed by a wild boar maybe ... which , coincidentally , has before happened to me while jogging at night . 
  but then again , same during the day , also during the day , and the day ... 
   the survey was published a day ahead of the gay pride boat parade which attracts thousands of visitors . 
  that might not exactly be the best time to lend legitimacy to a scientifically sound survey ... that alone makes me think there was bias involved . 
  ` progress ' is a universal human notion , however inaccurate it may be . 
  calling yourself progressive is either a tautology or yet another veiled ideological attempt to say `` us good , them bad '' . 
  that it 's so virulently spread is testimony to that and to the shallow propaganda those so-called progressives sucked up from since their mothers ' tit . 
  and the more virulent and the more pervasively subtle propaganda gets , the more i loathe it . 
  i really like on-the-nose propaganda , i 'm a regular at / r/propagandaposters , but this disgusting shit is about as destructive to _ actual _ human progress as it gets . 
   being progressive that _ term _ is cultural aids . 
  what ? 
  they 're saying the problem _ is there _ . 
  maybe you should have google-translated that , at least then you 'd be making sense ... 
  the problem is that not knowing this news source , it 's impossible to judge how much your agenda influences _ what _ article you posted , especially with a google translation . 
  ideologies can manipulate people in very subtle ways , so it 's simply a good idea to be wary in general if you 're aware the person you 're talking to is ideologically motivated . 
  we do n't have an obsession with nefarious labels , we have an obsession with categorizing because that 's how the human brain works . 
  any self-respecting admirer of human biodiversity should know that . 
  there 's at least people from / r/european everywhere here now and all over the sub , which is n't exactly a surprise because the megathread basically _ screams _ `` brigade me '' . 
  well , seems we ironically got a few permanent immigrants of our own under the guise of a short-lived visit ; integrate them , fellow europeans !, 
  duh , the only people bothering to debate the topic in here are the extremists because the format is useless for discussion , the rest are just making a meta debate . 
  yeah , i know . 
  but at least when i still used fb , it looked the same and the addon was awesome . 
  they already do that , having others link those on photos who do n't even have a fb account or going through people 's phonebooks and email accounts ... 
  well , if you want to get automatically shadowbanned , that 's the way to go ... 
  well , a lot of the discussions by devs linked on / r/linux are from there . 
  i heard it 's popular with devs because of hangouts , but i do n't know what those are or do ... 
  are you sure your money is n't just disappearing due to witchcraft ? 
  the problem with that approach is that is only draws the reasonable people or it becomes a circlejerk . 
  an extremist does n't want to debate the other side , they want their opinion exposed to as many people as possible and reinforce it in an echo chamber . 
   inwish there was a way to set an alias for them like on steam . 
  i think fb would pay you for that idea . 
   pretty sure nearly no one uses g + . 
  it 's really popular in the it community , linux devs for instance . 
  i give up , you 're just repeating yourself now ... all of those `` actions '' of mine you describe are based on nothing but `` with us or against us '' . 
  they never happened . 
  where did i say i do n't mind the brigade ? 
  again , `` with us or against us '' - screw off , as i said initially . 
  i exclusively opposed you - that does n't align me with your `` enemies '' except in the mind of fanatics . 
  stop using coded language and accuse me of being a fascist in a way that others can understand , please . 
  when all else fails , yell racism , i know , but trying that several times in a row is stretching your moral superiority a bit thin . 
  all that 's left of your argument is `` automod ca n't shadowban '' , and that 's your basis for accusing one person of being a racist and one of being a fascist in disguise on the basis of `` with us or against us '' . 
  well , it ca n't , but people commonly call having their comments autodeleted a `` subreddit shadowban '' . 
  because for all intents and purposes , it _ is _ a `` subreddit shadowban '' .
