   this was literally the first time an officer was injured . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  in that exact kassel incident you quote , three police officers were injured , and the same happened in many other cases before . 
  on a scale from 1 to sagan , how euphoric would you say you are ? 
  to what west german forced labour camp could they have been sent in the 1960s ? 
  edit : oh , a downvote . 
  i 'm giddy with excitement , that must mean that a response is incoming . 
  edit2 : or not . 
  disappoint . 
  edit3 : oh , another !, 
  maybe this time . 
  edit4 : nope . 
  why does n't anyone hate me verbosely enough ? 
  and you 're probably one of those people who rabble rabble rabble !!, 
  ! 11 ! 1 oh wait , you actually are . 
  i can assure you that there would have been exactly zero west germans who would n't have received him . 
  the attitude towards easterners may have shifted after reunification , but anyone who actually fled the east would have been received as a long lost sibling . 
  you have to take into account when people start to amortize the costs of their education . 
  with a publicly funded education system , the state invests into them so that they may become more productive in the future ; it 's not unreasonable to place that `` future '' point around the age of 30 . 
  ( it may be lowered due to bologna , but at great costs to any other aspect than productivity - so thanks a lot , eu . ), 
  it 's pretty hard to give a proper description - people here do n't usually interact on the street , and as such all my thoughts are on the virtual level of what could be . 
  but in general us media tends to give the impression that you have to walk on eggshells around blacks for fear of offending them , mainly due to us-specific historic reasons like slavery . 
  that the policies derived from that history ( such as considering the term `` black '' racist by itself or shunning blackface ) are attempted to be enforced in europe by some does n't help , either . 
  you ca n't really call the late 18th century `` recent '' any more . 
  europe went through such tremendous changes during that time that we have little in common with what happened before it when looking at ethics and morals . 
  what matters is what happens _ today _ ; history can only serve as an explanation but not an excuse . 
   there is also another important thing that these abrahimics share though : their god is correct . 
  it 's not fair to contrast this belief with polytheistic religions . 
  the abrahamitic religions differ among themselves by the way they interpret the _ same _ god - even in christianity with its trinity , the divine beings just represent different facets of the same entity . 
  of course monotheism is incapable of integrating new gods 1:1 , so they are instead recreated as lesser spirits , naive perceptions of the truth and the like . 
  pispers is actually the exact reason i used the qualifier `` often '' . 
  i can appreciate leftist cabaret - i _ love _ schramm and kreisler - , but pispers is an ass . 
  tbh , those are and always were pretty shitty . 
  one of the few i _ really _ liked so far was [ no !, 
  you can not murder our freedom ] ( https://dwdpress.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/wpid-1420653041.jpg ) - it 's appropriately crass , playful and well-intentioned . 
  i 'm usually not a fan of yours , but this is very nice . 
  unfortunately , yes , that would be the most reasonable approach ( that i can think of ) . 
  still does n't fit in my framework of sounds , probably because v by itself sounds like f in german and i do n't speak ipa . 
  thanks for clarifying , though !, 
  it 's hard to put into words , but that 's what i meant by `` fig leaf '' : he usually _ says _ something different than what he _ implies _ , just like other `` liberal '' us comedians . 
  just saying that there is a potential risk while ridiculing those who might actually think so is dishonest - it omits fact in implication that are stated upfront . 
  that contrast is what makes much of us comedy very hard to watch for me , they often use such tactics quite deliberately while german cabaret often has some subtle sense of self-irony . 
  how do you even pronounce w\u0142 ?!, 
  are n't those pretty much the the same sound ? 
  your entire position hinges on your local political definitions . 
  but your conservatives have about as much to do with the theoretical and intellectual concepts of conservatism as your liberals have to do with liberalism - and that is pretty much exclusively the name . 
  your framework is just _ completely _ off the hook , you ca n't apply its categories to political theory . 
  everything about it seems to be designed to shame half the people into submission and drive the other half into a frenzy - of course you ca n't base any sane policy on that . 
  in contrast , our conservative parties will - for instance - argue that a woman has to undergo psychological counseling and a careful screening process before being allowed to abort . 
  that is a reasonable approach to respecting the value of life while not upholding it as sacrosanct . 
  contrasting such things with a concept like `` progressivism '' implies that you can not possibly think that way without obstructing progress . 
  as such , for european circumstances the term implies something very different than in the us - it might be called equivalent in deceptiveness to using `` liberal '' as an insult , as i 'm sure you 're familiar with . 
  and still , the term itself even in the us means that the opponents of `` progressivism '' may _ only _ hold the values you describe , which can not be true . 
  it may be less dishonest there , but it 's not neutral by any means . 
  we what now ? 
  this is n't the us , and even if it were the ethical thing to do would be to curb such threats instead of not sentencing people to prison . 
  and it 's not veiled at all - the ethical traditions of a place do matter and are an authoritative basis for adapting to new circumstance , and what amounts to sentencing someone to death for any minor offense is n't compatible with our traditions any more . 
  mainly , they 're people who had a claim to having been displaced by the su due to their german origins . 
  it 's a rather shaky thing overall as ethnicity is n't clear-cut , so they range from being completely german ( ethnically and culturally ) to just having some loose ancestral relations . 
  the obvious lack of documentation by the su and the german partition further screwed things up . 
  i 'm not veiling anything , i have no qualms about personally attacking a person i have a negative opinion of . 
  that 's pretty much exclusively southern . 
  it would be weird to use it in darmstadt . 
  ( or to even say it in high german at all , it 's gria\u00dfgod with the d sound varying across the south . ), 
  funny that you now refer to my `` past behavior '' when you just said you did n't even remember me apart from one instance . 
  by that metric , every afghan is literally 9/11 . 
  and every single human stereotypes , that 's just how our brain works . 
  the granularity may be somewhat different , but implying that i am `` harassing '' you is amusingly cliche - in line with the exact cliche that associating you with constitutes `` harassment '' . 
  i 'm not obsessed with anyone in particular , but it 's pretty clear which camps the outspoken users here are from . 
  i have a pretty selective memory , but such things i remember very well because it helps to assess my perceptions . 
  my distaste for ideology only reinforces that . 
  they 're at least _ attempting _ to get better at it ( see fast-track camps etc. ), 
  and are beginning to ignore the hand-wringing that words like `` deportation '' induce . 
  it 's clearly the most ethically uncontroversial approach in this situation , so we 'll just have to hope they will pursue it further . 
  do n't pretend that you 're a level-headed force behind rational discourse . 
  you can lie by omission . 
  it does n't _ strictly _ make your statements untrue by definition , but in the mind of people watching the show with a critical mindset it may . 
  i 'm really getting fed up with people 's pretend naivety ... you ca n't possibly think that permanent immigrants and refugees pose the same challenges to a society . 
  it 's completely irrelevant what you think the different challenges are , but you ca n't claim that no differences exist . 
  that goes for _ both _ sides attributing one group 's characteristics to the other . 
  stop equating the two , everybody , for fuck 's sake !, 
   stewart was really good at tearing down bullshit wherever it came from but he 's not all that left leaning really he was n't for much of his career and he 's quite talented , but in the last year of hosting the show or so , it developed a _ heavy _ slant . 
  so much that i could n't endure watching it any more even though i have no stakes in us politics and think the reps are even more nuts than the dems . 
  it became 99 % distilled propaganda with a nominal fig leaf , like fox has with the simpsons . 
  this is pretty much a perfect example of how propaganda can serve your enemy if it is n't executed _ flawlessly _ - something that is impossible in the digital age . 
  ( _ both _ in their presentation of the views they oppose and their own . ), 
  take that to heart , howler monkeys from both sides of the aisle : all you 're doing is hurting your own . 
   the name `` progressive '' does n't imply `` correctness '' in the same way as `` truther '' does . 
  `` progress '' can be very negative , just look at the soviet union . 
  while that is true in abstract theory , the term is very clearly used to describe positive change and founded in a naive concept of linear history . 
  the fp\u00d6 are just populist morons , they 're not what you could call a legitimate right-wing party . 
  such a party is very unlikely to exist in most of europe in the near future , so the outspoken right wing are generally incompetent , which in turn led to `` right wing '' meaning `` dumb '' , creating a vicious circle . 
  oh please , as if german politicians earned or owned millions ... so far , she has n't sold herself to gazprom . 
   across from my desk i 've got one of these syrian dudes who is supposedly about to turn my country into some middle-eastern hellhole oh great , expecting you not to change your tone by 180 i was just about to comment on how happy i was to see a level-headed argument between opposing views ... 
  i 'm not aware of an ethical school that _ exclusively _ focuses on intent and ignores the results of an action . 
  if it exists , it certainly has n't shaped european ethics . 
   my argument has nothing to do with immigrants , i am more interested in our reactions . 
  so am i , which is why it is important to point out faulty logic from any side . 
  the rabid opposition to accepting refugees ( the ones you refer to ) just rarely uses any logic at all so there 's not much to point out . 
   this place is like kkk convention yeah , right ... the top level comments here are purely descriptive and answered op 's question .
