  you do n't even have to be marginally ` right-wing ' to be called a nazi on / r/europe these days , it 's enough to disagree with a single argument of some people . 
  ... and how does that excuse the former ? 
  the shitton that is being done is done against citizens - such as universal video surveillance , communication surveillance and license plate tracking . 
  `` some people '' do n't ignore it , many many rulings are simply not enacted because the system is overloaded . 
  what do you think why they 're making fast-track processes now for clear-cut cases ? 
  and every single one of them takes a place from a potential valid refugee - that argument should make sense to anyone across the political spectrum . 
  but what do you do when you 're having a party and run out of booze at 22.30 ? 
  everybody goes home half-sober and unlaid ? 
  i do n't think that would change much - even in munich , they appear to concentrate in a few places . 
  ( at least i _ think _ many are vietnamese . ), 
   it is still there no matter how unfair for last two generations of germans that is three , at least . 
  ww2 ended 70 years ago . 
  the preparedness thing was the reason for changing the manner of reporting from `` current asylum seekers '' to `` predicted refugees '' . 
  it allows the ministries and the public to brace for the impact way earlier because the latter number represents the actual urgency ( and probably for legal / bureaucratic reasons as well ) . 
  thank you !, 
  more literally , something like `` you 's children will allah pray or die '' . 
  du you have a good link explaining the concept from a neutral point of view or making a proper argument from a religious one ? 
  i 've been trying to find one because my knowledge is shaky at best there , but unfortunately , all you 'll commonly find are deeply religious essays instead of logically sound arguments by theologists . 
  it 's refreshing to see someone on reddit who does n't dismiss knowledge of religion as something for fundamentalists . 
  that 's something entirely different than you said above , though . 
  if at one point in time , a deity chose to reveal its literal word , it would of course choose to do so in the language of the people at that point , so it does n't matter if the language had changed before or would later change . 
  that language in general can only approximate reality , leave alone divinity , is independent from that . 
  then call them `` idiot '' and do n't abuse the power of the words `` bigot '' and `` racist '' and `` nazi '' for your own gains , devaluing the words in the process and essentially giving a flying fuck about your supposed goals . 
  you ca n't explain away that this is shitty behavior on every level . 
  you _ really _ ca n't present the titanic as a neutral voice here , though ... 
  i mean , they 're practically what 's left of the new frankfurt school . 
  the ordinary farmer or raider probably did n't care . 
  but the fact was never really disputed except by a few fringe people . 
  half of what monasteries did was preserving and transcribing books , after all . 
  it 's right to be skeptical , but your definition of the word seems to be a little off there ... 
  tu as oubli\u00e9 la traduction anglaise . 
  * you forgot the english version . 
  at least base your argument on an analogy that makes a tiny bit of sense , then people might focus on it . 
  or just use the jews , that always works . 
  you 're being just as idiotically hyperbolic as the people you 're `` debating '' ... 
  their bip ppp / bip relation factor is 1.5 , ours is 0.75 . 
  that would mean it 's worth twice as much , i. e. 300-400 in germany or less than you get in cash here , and without additional benefits . 
   the war in iraq has been continiously going on for 12 years now . 
  why would it suddenly end in the coming decades ? 
  when you think about it , this could be the middle east 's thirty years war . 
  the similarities are definitely there , considering the devastating effects , the variety of factions and the mixing of politics and religion . 
  there are advanced fingerprint scanners as i recall from a debate where the chaos computer club published a simple tutorial on how to copy other people 's fingerprints onto your own . 
  they take subcutaneous structures into account , something that ca n't be faked or removed to my knowledge . 
  but that 's probably not a technology that all the eu could afford . 
  christian tradition such as asylum ? 
  it 's simply because reddit does n't have a \\*.\\*.reddit.com wildcard certificate that would cover the www.np . 
  subdomain ... it does n't matter if you link to the secure version or not . 
   to accusing a plurality of mods of being corrupt nice selective quoting there ... it was unambiguously a general statement , not an `` accusation against a plurality '' . 
  `` there are laws that ban people from murdering each other '' does n't mean that all people are murderers . 
  that twitter , facebook etc. 
  should n't usually be posted as submissions is clear , but i see absolutely no reason for removing _ comments _ . 
  yeah , yeah ... looks like you gut the wrong person . 
  well yeah , they said `` 200k until june '' and `` 100k in one weekend '' - it 's clear that they were referring to refugees and not asylum seekers because the numbers would only be in the right ballpark in the former case . 
  you then countered with numbers of asylum seekers , which as you said is n't applicable here . 
  when people warn that this crisis will strengthen the right wing , the common reaction is that one can not possibly consider that a factor . 
  to then turn around and take cover in this situation is n't exactly the most logical extension of that argument . 
   unbelievable , but true !, 
  ctrl + w how this site is apparently accepted by so many , i 'll never know . 
  look in the posting histories of the most radical `` defenders '' of refugees here . 
  it takes absolutely nothing to make them call everyone a racist or nazi . 
  sometimes they give out the title by the handful and `` call out '' just everyone who replies to them without explicitly signing their entire comment - you ca n't even disagree with only a particular point . 
  those people are going to leave an impression . 
  they were n't . 
  in july alone , 80k people arrived , which added to 200k gives your 300k number from above . 
  ( though their exact numbers are wrong , but it 's obvious they 're being simplistic . 
  do you think it would be remotely possible for 100k people to apply for asylum over the weekend ? ), 
  the number is n't that of asylum applications , but that of refugees ... people constantly mix those up and smugly beat others over the head with their lack of understanding . 
  asylum application happens significantly after registration . 
  well , ficken -  babies . 
  http://www.dwds.de/?qu=ficken most closely associated words : - in arsch ( in the ass ) - mutter ( mother ) - babys it 's great to look up vulgar words on that site . 
  there 's a reason why journalists do n't usually appear more than briefly in documentaries ... such reports are supposed to be objective and comprehensive , and once you put your ill-affixed head and gesticulating hands in front of the camera the concept is reduced to your opinion , i. e. made completely worthless . 
  but all of that is hashtag progress to the media , i suppose ... hail the might us 's culture of impartial and truthful journalism . 
  that report could have been _ so _ much better without that crappy shakycam , split second cuts and cgi effects ... why the fuck do people think that _ enhances _ a so-called documentary ? 
  both can be very interesting - especially an expat 's observations and humor may be more telling about the differences than it appears at face value . 
  but that 's just me talking , not the wider public ; consciously deriving cultural values from foreign shows is n't that common a concept , after all . 
  ah , alright , all i 've seen of his work were bits and pieces from panel shows and they were unappealing , so i did n't look into it further . 
  i 'll try to find some of his better bits , then . 
  also , the latter statement is n't true - we _ love _ to compare ourselves to other nations because we 're so very insecure since ww2 . 
  yeah , it 's pretty obvious they 're milking this for all they can ( better signs wo n't cost that much ) , but it still does n't make it less funny . 
  why do you folks _ always _ have to talk about skin color ?!, 
  you ca n't possibly be oblivious to the fact that your edge has dulled by now . 
   locals were sick of replacing the fucking signs this name continues to amuse my childish mind . 
  the original is more biased than gt will be able to represent - `` gerade mal '' is a colloquial term that 's used as a contemptuous form of `` only '' . 
  nope , she was born to a german mother in britain . 
  and with royalty , it 's always hard to assign them to one country specifically unless they rule it , so i 'd just call her origin `` international '' . 
  sorry it took so long ... this is after the press conference , as opposed to the threads already on the front page . 
  context : the sz is a respectable , moderately leftist ( social democrat / green aligned ) paper . 
  - germany reinstates border checks on the border to austria temporarily , the minister of the interior de maizi\u00e9re announced in berlin - sunday , hundreds of federal police [ 2.1 k are planned according to other sources ] were sent to bavaria in order to support border checks - munich received 12,000 refugees on saturday alone , they came from austria and hungary by train - this weekend , more and more cdu politicians have begun to demand changes to asylum policy , in support of the csu [ csu is in bavaria only , cdu in the rest of the country , they form the centrist conservative union ] [ ... ] the border checks are supposed to make it easier to determine the refugees ' origin . 
  particularly , those from syria , afghanistan and northern iraq are to be filtered out . 
  contrary to balkan refugees , they are accepted as refugees almost without exception . 
  the leadership of the grand coalition said that germany needed a pause of respite due to the number of arriving refugees . 
  reinstating border checks is supposed to send a signal that germany can not receive unlimited numbers . 
  [ ... talking about csu criticism of policies ... ] cdu leadership member jens spahn told this paper that the dominating questions of the population had become to be : `` how many next year ? 
  can you regain control of the situation ? 
  what 's the long-term perspective ? '', 
  the public 's mood towards the refugees , he said , is deteriorating on an hourly basis . 
  in munich , 12,000 refugees arrived on saturday alone . 
  [ ... talking about bavaria 's struggle to cope with 63k refugees since the end of august ... ] multiple out-of-schedule trains brought 3200 refugees to other laender on sunday . 
  for the first time , a [ national express train ] was vacated to make room for refugees . 
  the passengers on the line munich-berlin were asked to rebook .
