  it 's usually served as a spread at parties ( in [ decorative arrangements ] ( http://static.chefkoch-cdn.de/ck.de/rezepte/122/122976/431697-960x720-party-mettigel.jpg ) with onions ) or sold as mettwurst ( which is usually treated further to prevent it from spoiling ) . 
  not particularly odd , but many people apparently think you ca n't eat raw pork . 
  seehofer is a clown , though , he wo n't be able to rally the party ; and de maiziere is a bit ... blank . 
  the new generation the article mentions are much better horses to bet on . 
  you probably did n't find the right papers . 
  there are many that are simply bad - the likes of welt , stern , focus , spiegel , all of which you usually see posted here . 
  ( not to mention yellow press . ), 
  they are interested in constructing a narrative one way or another , and it shows . 
  if you want to see fairly neutral articles , i 'd recommend to read zeit and faz at the moment - of course they publish some nonsense as well , but they do n't seem to be interested in a broader narrative ; zeit is a weekly that mostly has meta-stories ( like the posted one ) , faz is a conservative daily . 
  the third good paper , sz , is somewhat leftist - i found their coverage to be a bit slanted recently , but nowhere near as bad as others . 
  i 'm sure there are some regional papers that are readable as well , but i could n't give a decent impression of their handling the crisis . 
  great summary of the current state of the union . 
  `` we '' , the portugese ? 
  i thought that nonsense was derived from common law . 
  7.500 ( in june ) in the wider circles according to our internal secret service , compared to ~ 21k extremist right-wingers . 
  anti-imperialists have an opinion on zionists that probably quite comparable to that of neo-nazis . 
  not all leftist extremists are created equal , many strains are simply insane . 
  that those people exist in germany as well ... 
  that certainly makes a lot more sense than my attempt , thanks !, 
  such articles usually describe `` sunday cuisine '' and not what you 'd expect to have every day . 
  they probably do n't expect to have elaborate menus every day - it 's likely more about the way of spicing things , which may be _ very _ weird to them . 
  borscht is a stew made from beet , cabbage , potatoes , meat and various other vegetables . 
  pretty great , actually - very simple to make and very nutritious . 
  woah , that 's tough . 
  i 'll try `` translating '' a bit while giving the words i associate . 
  ( `` erzaehlweise '' from context ? 
  * it is true that there is nothing wondrous in nature , nothing separates the things we do n't understand from those we do , but we have reason to call them wonders so that we may approach them more easily . 
  * things that are like that may give us reason to wonder how nature works , and how she made us speak like that ( ? 
  ) ; but she had such positive effect that we regard ourselves as content . 
  and so on . 
  -- that 's probably pretty wrong , but being from southern germany , i have quite some problems understanding the lautverschiebung - you 're north of both the [ benrath and speyer line ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/benrather_linie#/media/file:benrather_und_speyerer_linie.png ) from my pov , so i do n't have any reference points in dialect which i could use . 
  dog food is n't that bad , really - a bit weird to the human palate ( do n't know about canines ' ) and they obviously use abominable excuses for ingredients , but as long as you do n't buy the dry doggie crackers you 'll be able to survive on it . 
  there are n't enough of those jobs to use as an argument supporting the importation of randomly skilled people over provenly skilled ones , though . 
  any country will produce enough morons to fill the few basic jobs that are absolutely necessary and irreplaceable . 
  and those are only needed to keep the basic structure afloat while others build on that base and make a country internationally relevant . 
  ( not to say that someone ca n't end up in such a position inadvertently , but as we say - if starving , the devil will eat flies ; and such positions are n't _ unnecessary _ , just not represented in a country 's economic output if they 're filled to a satisfactory degree . ), 
  at the moment , yes . 
  but it 's a realistic perspective that those jobs will become unnecessary in the near future - i 've worked in some of them , and what i did there would have been manageable by a robot i could have programmed myself , probably with a lesser margin of error than i had . 
  ( mainly quality assurance in automobile factories . ), 
  hell , even what i do right now at the side - building product databases of business networking tech - could be automated without much effort , and i do in fact have some scripts working for me that summarize interesting developments in the field and immensely reduce my workload . 
  ( naturally , nobody but me knows that . ), 
  so all that manual labor is largely vestigial , and political reasons are the only ones why that point is n't being addressed ; our societies simply are n't _ really _ able to handle a post-scarcity economy - yet . 
  yes , that 's why i included the `` less so , more so '' part . 
  i 'd never expect some of the eu 's countries to carry a disproportionate burden - `` erst kommt das fressen , dann die moral '' ( * food first , morals later * ) as one of our famous ( leftist ) intellectuals once said . 
  he has no literal power , but he has some _ serious _ power over people 's minds . 
  gauck is a highly respected man across all of the political spectrum , naturally excluding the actual leftist left . 
  no matter if people agree with him , they 'll respect the person - that 's the entire concept behind our presidency . 
  many do , of course , but generalizing migrants as _ inherently _ and _ deliberately _ bad guests is wrong . 
  they should respect our culture in theory ( no disagreements about laws , that 's where tolerance ends ) , but tolerating them literally means to bear them as a burden . 
  and that 's something most of europe can do - some countries less so , others more so , depending on their resources . 
  but that burden should n't be rejected simply for being a burden ; there are ethical values ( and before that , religious customs ) that europe is founded upon which say that in some cases , a burden has to be carried . 
  and granting people asylum is one of those cases . 
  they 're not immigrants here to stay ( in theory at least ) , though , the people we _ should _ receive are refugees . 
  and as with any guest , you 'll try your best to be a good host and ignore some transgressions . 
  not all , patience is limited ; but asylum always has been about granting people refuge regardless of their background , and anyone wanting to uphold european tradition should base their judgment on that concept . 
  it may be stressful , but as long as the guest is n't throwing up the contents of your pantry after eating all of them , you stay civil . 
  oh , i 'm certainly not blaming you for expelling germans - it was an emotional reaction , and an excusable one at that . 
  but just as i take your emotions into consideration , i consider those of the sudetian germans - and from that perspective , it 's a very regrettable period in time and certainly one that can lead you to say `` poor sudetia '' . 
  after all , their culture was pretty much exterminated overnight , and such things are always a loss no matter the circumstances . 
  the welt may have misrepresented the story ( would n't claim they outright fabricate something ) and i could n't find a better source , but it unfortunately does n't sound implausible at all . 
  some people here have rather distasteful ways of dealing with each other - for an example of the opposite party , look at the reaction the bild 's call to attack titanic spawned . 
  and we have just as many braindead leftists as rightists . 
  in regards to the us , i was referring more to the use as a political tool in order to give an impression of the implications and perfidiousness . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken , such deliberate use is very widespread on your side of the pond . 
  it 's of course a matter of perception and rather useless to fight about without statistics , but disproportionately many of the people who use those words as weapons in / r/europe are german according to my impression , reflecting behaviors irl . 
  it 's too late to make a statistic right now ( would be a bit of work since many germans do n't use german flair ) , but i keep data on word frequency per flair so maybe i 'll be able to compile some objective stats tomorrow . 
  ( if that 's possible at all - many such accusations are only implied , [ edit : and i 'll probably have trouble with people using the words sarcastically ] . ), 
  edit2 : see here for basic stats if you want an unfiltered impression : http://wordfreq.ml/europe-filtered-short.html edit3 : crap , i seem to have screwed up my html somehow , the list is supposed to have alternating colors - the apparent groups do n't mean anything . 
  and the sorting script does n't work either , any more ... gaaah , that 's what happens when you leave such things to cron . 
  it 's an attempt to exploit that exact guilt , which in turn made the word meaningless without lowering its impact . 
  that 's what i meant with `` tedious '' . 
  it 's a bit like calling someone a racist or slaver in the us , probably ; you can abuse it for all sorts of things , and doing so is so common that people develop an aversion to the word itself . 
  while `` they deserved it '' may be somewhat applicable to the abstract german nation , many of those who suffered displacement definitely did not deserve it . 
  my paternal grandmother is the child of lowly farmers in former sudetenland , and her parents cared fuck all about politics and more about getting enough food to the table . 
  such people did n't deserve what happened to them . 
  ( i 'm in the probably rather unique position of not having any close family related to the nazis or ww2 , so i may be a bit biased , but it gives me a pretty clear perspective on how ordinary people suffered by being associated with crimes they had nothing to do with . ), 
  i was of course being a bit facetious , but you have to admit that two cane-wielding pensioners accusing each other of being nazis in a neighborhood dispute is a bit of a cliche . 
  what i wanted to say is that the word is used _ far _ too liberally and just as a general insult for anything remotely reminiscent of something associated with authoritarianism . 
  just look at the scores of germans calling people racist , fascists , nazis , whatever on this sub . 
  they 're probably german german . 
  it 's tradition to call your neighbor a nazi if his tree has branches overarching your property or if he complains about your tree having branches overarching his property . 
  the word means nothing and everything here , it 's a very tedious situation . 
  well , as i said , it 's telegram style . 
  there 's really not much to summarize ; if i 'd want to give a proper representation of the contents , i 'd have to literally translate it . 
  well , look at how naturally the language bleeds to the west , and how abruptly it ends to the east apart from a few exclaves . 
  it 's as if someone took a glowing knife and cut it off at our borders - or less metaphorically , that 's pretty much what happened . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tx_wqpn2e1w if dodokay does n't prove my point , i do n't know what will . 
  stop speaking a language the decent part of swabia imitates when trying to sound like retards , then we can talk . 
  the area around hannover is pretty much `` pure '' high german dialect today . 
  but as 23powerz pointed out , nobody is born speaking high german as their regional language ; plus things of course changed throughout time . 
  it 's pretty interesting to read very old german - it 'll be intelligible without much thinking starting around 1500 or so , but the variety in orthography and grammatic is huge even for a point in time and place . 
  luther 's bible translation or der abentheurliche simplicissimus teutsch would be good starting points . 
  as mentioned further down , i definitely agree with forcible security procedures so as to not lower our own safety standards . 
  ( though deporting people into hazardous situations is still unethical , imho - we abolished the death penalty , period . 
  it 's the least shitty alternative i can think of to just throw offenders in prison . ), 
  what left a nasty taste in my mouth is the choice of attributes they used to convey their sarcasm . 
  agreed about your general points on legislation , though - it _ always _ feels like that 's been lying in the the drawer for a long time . 
  that 's why it 's important to be vigilant : any strike against our freedoms and values by our own governments is a _ success _ of terrorism , not a defeat . 
  cute . 
  go on now , find a leftist and piss on their leg , i wo n't mind - and it 's probably more rewarding , anyway .
