  ( or something between `` watt ?! '', 
  i would n't present something headed by urban priol as a good reference in this case ... just look at the background , `` europa solid-arisch '' is pretty much the perfect paraphrasing of the things that are worthy of criticism in political journalism here . 
  you just told someone `` shut up , you 're uneducated , you 're saying nonsense , you 're saying bad things , in another place you 're hated '' without one single sign of an actual argument - and now you 're trying to do the same with me ? 
  please ... yes , that _ is _ the exact same behavior as seen in biased journalists trying to shut up people they disagree with . 
  you just do n't have the power to actually _ do _ so , so you resort to yelping and wadenbei\u00dfen and somehow demand that has to be commended in the name of not letting this sub be somehow `` wrong '' . 
  go back to / r/de , not every place wants to be a hugbox . 
  and here we have the base equivalent of biased journalists playing discussion online . 
  at least have the courage of criticizing the article instead of deriding someone who supports it , that way it would look less like spewing cheap bile and more like an argument . 
  kudos to dw for a neutral and self-critical article . 
  i 'm mostly talking about `` respectable media '' with gritted teeth recently since i 'm just describing a `` best we can hope for '' situation , but it really seems like they recently rethought the exact policies they 're describing here and only became biased quite briefly . 
  interesting , you do n't even need a comment to contain the word `` refugee '' to make you sarcastic and dismissive ... the colors they use are n't reds , they 're browns . 
  no go find someone else to yell at . 
  the scale goes from yellow to maroon , not red . 
  and the middle is light brown . 
  that 's a seax , it likely was n't only used for fighting but also as a machete-like tool . 
  those were always single-edged . 
  ... orange ? 
  are you colorblind or am i ? 
  nonsense . 
  are only forbidden here if you use them to explicitly support nazi politics . 
  and online , not even that is rigorously enforced . 
  it appears that this is just a byproduct of net neutrality legislation . 
  it should be fairly easy to bypass it if you want to , i 'm surprised it was apparently done by blocking all of the traffic there in the first place ? 
  so , what 's the lower threshold for non-oppressed non-russian minorities to call for secession ? 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  that sounds _ really _ harsh , but it may be necessary given your domestic issues and proximity to other conflicts . 
  that sounds rather american . 
  does the membership in terrorist organizations itself carry a life sentence in turkey , or does it just commonly result in that due to their acts ? 
  thanks for nothing , dw , just a short while ago i described you as being considerate and thoughtful in your articles ... 
  i do n't think there 's any medium but the faz left that has n't dismantled its reputation during this crisis from my perspective . 
  it 's really not possible to say - time will have to tell . 
  but imho , they do n't really have a defined narrative to change in the first place , just a certain `` considerate '' tone as described above . 
  wow , this from dw ? 
  i 'm not used to such clear opinion pieces from them - usually , there are _ a lot _ of undertones , considerations of opposing arguments , admissions of complexity etc. , but none of that is there . 
  i do n't really know what to make of this , but - for foreigners - they are widely respected in germany across the political spectrum and such an editorial would have been unthinkable a year ago , so they probably weighed publishing this very carefully . 
  this is n't like the usual opinion pieces from papers that have a political leaning , it 's quite a significant change in tone . 
  it 's a really old ( but gold ) joke from space race times , presumably they were just referring to it and did n't write a completely satirical article . 
  does that count as a death threat nowadays ? 
   that sounds way more like a legit attempt to address the argument made than what you posted . 
  well , obviously - your first post contained an insulting accusation . 
  that does n't usually make people cooperative . 
  now that you explained yourself - no problem . 
   go on . 
  how is it misdirection ? 
  explain that !, 
  leaving it unexplained is part of why i ( wrongly ) got the impression it was nefarious . 
  by comparing two incomparable situations . 
  the only likeness is that there are people in danger . 
  but the clarity of the situation , the origin of the violence , the nature of those threatened , the composition of people on the move , everything else is different unless you go directly to syria to specifically rescue children . 
  comparing something to the holocaust carries an _ enormous _ weight , and i just feel such comparisons cheapen it to the point of becoming meaningless . 
  if `` the council of jews is outraged '' can become [ a joke ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/4e/d1/76/4ed176b95533fa09ee5c9d200f7ec5a5.jpg ) ( caption says `` the council of pimps is outraged '' - and just search `` ist emp\u00f6rt '' for other examples ) in germany ( ! ), 
  because it appears under every second news article like a mantra like it did some 5-10 years ago , it might be necessary to use such comparisons more cautiously . 
  and i 'm simply under the impression that some people do n't _ want _ to realize that and instead try to squeeze out every drop of essence from our past . 
   what if their wishes we altruistic ? 
  i do n't believe in altruism . 
  the feeling of helping someone is a reward in itself . 
  the `` ulterior motive '' in trying to change policy might be that feeling , the feeling of having a lasting influence , simply imposing oneself or a myriad of other things . 
  that does n't mean it ca n't be in `` good faith '' - the path to hell is paved with good intentions , as they say . 
   it would help to distinguish yourself more i 'd much rather have an easily resolved confrontation like this than excusing myself in advance for everything i say . 
  i already do that irl , on the internet i can speak more freely . 
  i 'm a bit confused what you want to tell me , sorry . 
  obviously , a sea border ca n't be protected with fences ( unless you fence the entirety of the coast and all islands ) . 
  to protect - for instance - the greek sea border by simply sending forces from elsewhere , greece would have to give up a fair bit of autonomy in border control _ and _ come to agreements with turkey about the precise borders of their territories . 
  neither is going to happen , so a _ lot _ of diplomacy and bureaucracy would have to happen first and we could expect a fast response in 2035 at the earliest . 
  there simply are no structures in place to do what would be needed , and coming up with them under pressure is a recipe for disaster . 
   you ca n't abuse a lesson , it 's a lesson . 
  not the lesson _ itself _ , obviously . 
  bit difficult to put it into words , but you can definitely abuse the thought processes people used to arrive at that lesson by referring to them and misdirecting them at key points . 
   and what personal gain is there for jews to have more immigrants coming into their country ? 
  are jews a hive mind ? 
  a single person or organization may of course have personal gain by seeing their wishes put into practice . 
   so apologies if that is unfounded it is unfounded . 
   but if it is unfounded , seriously mate , why the heck did you call it a tool ?!, 
  it 's not as if the holocaust was of some advantage to jews !, 
  you just sound sinister as fuck , dude . 
  because some people do wield it as a tool . 
  being jewish does n't mean you ca n't be a cynic who is willing to mislead people as described above . 
   as an aside , your implication that the holocaust has become a `` tool '' exposes your ideology . 
  it 's not a tool , but it is a lesson to learn from . 
  one does n't exclude the other . 
  that has nothing to do with ideology ( seriously , why does everyone keep making accusations here ?! ), 
  - you can still abuse the lessons learned for personal gain . 
  hey now , they just want to herd reindeer and knit colorful hats , what do the immigrants have against them ? 
  you must be confusing me with someone else ... here are comment ids from 2015 where i mention hitler at all in / r/europe : t1_cu98k6g t1_co0jed3 t1_cqgmud1 t1_co2o2hs t1_csyla4b t1_cpiq2nk t1_cu9cj2g report back with your findings . 
  `` relax man , i just called you a nazi - no biggie , alright ? '', 
  all those little `` arguments '' deserving nothing but derision add up over time . 
  i really do n't see why i should behave respectfully towards those who go around accusing people of being nazis left and right without the slightest bit of conceivable reason behind it . 
  do n't worry , from your past appearances in this show i was n't expecting to have a discussion . 
  history education in germany - in my experience - really is awful , to a degree that warrants hyperbole . 
  and `` literal '' was referring to my paraphrasing being valid in the literal sense , not your post . 
  sarcasm , yes , some `` arguments '' deserve nothing but derision . 
  hyperbole , no - you literally accused me of being a nazi . 
  might as well be where you learned to react to everything vaguely reminiscent of something that might be interpretable as a statement of opinion that could be understood as somehow worthy of criticism with `` you nazi '' ... 
  do n't play daft ( i do n't even understand what you 're accusing me of ) , those are two different meanings of `` realistic '' ... 
  i 'm unfortunately not that well-versed in history ( after about two or three years of `` hitler bad1 ! 11 '' you tend to turn off your brain in history class ) , but afaik , it 's somewhat debatable if the madagascar plan and similar ideas were ever _ really _ realistic . 
  might be a good question for / r/askhistorians . 
  ' i want to ' is not incitement . 
  ` in a way that is suitable to disturb the public order ' is a requirement in the law , and while i had heard about the case at some point i had n't heard that statement before , and i read more news than most ( which is admittedly easy ) . 
  so it 's unlikely it would qualify . 
  yeah , it 's important to note that statistics on political `` violence '' etc in germany are often so muddy that they do n't say very much at all .
