   cave men  invisible sky wizards  bronze age fairy tales  mouth breathing fundies looks like it 's time for another round of `` m'urican or parody ? '', 
  you sound like an american who hears for the first time that we have religion classes in school ... 
  only the power that people give them - of course they have no legal power of method of enforcement , but that does n't make them powerless in close-knit and reclusive communities . 
  oh goody , i do n't even have to modify the reply to your deleted comment that much . 
  at least you toned down the sarcasm now . 
  i 'm saying that mods should be a model for other users of a sub , and that your shitposting is exactly the kind of `` contribution '' no reasonable person would want to see where serious matters are being talked about . 
  and that whining about `` tone policing '' etc is exactly the kind of nonsense you 'd expect from / r / european users and such - of course some tones sometimes have to be `` policed '' because they 're simply without value . 
  jumping from what they said to `` they do n't like brown people '' is simply smug , unproductive shitposting no matter how you try to spin it . 
  and you did n't even say it to _ them _ , you said it to someone else in an attempt to start a circlejerk . 
  ... and this from a mod ? 
  wow . 
  you 're certainly an _ awesome _ model for your subjects . 
  the boon of `` unskilled '' pictures is that they paint a more realistic portrait than the same old professional ones everybody has seen . 
  the posted picture looks far more `` real '' to me than other pictures of auroras i 've seen . 
   you can still swim in the sea and not die ( around 20\u00bac ) this is really cute . 
  you silly southerners with your weird notions of `` cold '' . 
  he did , but then the joke would n't have worked . 
  with the lifeblood analogy , i referred to draining people 's stamina ( and ultimately , their ideals ) - it just makes one unwilling to write serious comments if it just results in some mosquitoes coming by . 
  look at the tricolore parent and child comments to yours for an explanation . 
  people do n't like being derided , and you may have been unfortunate enough to get caught in the tide . 
  the made a pouty and pointed statement , not something that could be taken at face value . 
  it 's ridiculous to claim that they 're just an agent provocateur and insult them due to that . 
  yeah , it 's a dysphemism treadmill of sorts . 
  but still , the afd 's claim to success was due to their demonstrable competence in economic matters ; they simply do n't have that demonstrable competence in any field any more . 
  being loudmouths does n't mean you actually will be able to change policies for the better , and thus the middle and upper class wo n't vote for them any more . 
  that dooms them to being a protest party , and that 's never helped anyone to getting into power after ' 32 . 
  why did you think you were adding any value here ? 
  just keep your mouth shut instead of tainting actual honest thoughts and arguments like the above with smugness , sarcasm and ideology . 
  * aneksjed word ... or something . 
  polish grammar is insane even for a german . 
  go home , troll . 
   no 800.000 people have opened asylum procedures in germany no , that 's the number of people expected to arrive this year ( or 1m , or 1.5 m , or whatever you hear in that context ) . 
  asylum applications take place way after arrival - iirc , we 're around half or a third of that number right now . 
  the bbc and the guardian definitely are biased , the latter especially . 
  the zeit has articles in english if you do n't speak german yet , they 're usually seen as unaligned ( historically speaking , the have a liberalist slant , less so now imho ) , otherwise the faz ( center-right ) and sueddeutsche ( center-left ) are recommendable as well ( or the conservative nzz to get an outside germanosphere view ) . 
  british media has a very strange way of reporting on germany , imho , it 's always as if there 's some resentment looming in the undertone . 
  might be a bad idea to burn down the reichstag , anyway . 
  ( at least if you ca n't blame it on the ~ ~ jews ~ ~ muslims . ), 
  that 's when most attacks take place here , actually : before people move there . 
  it 's better than setting people 's homes on fire at any rate - there 's a thin line but a line nonetheless between `` statements '' such as this and actually endangering lives . 
  there 's a substantial amount of people who eat like that because they come from traditional farming households where such food was normal . 
  my mother is one of them as are her siblings , and i would be if i could afford it - fresh farm-to-table food simply tastes better than that from the supermarket . 
  those that do it because it 's `` trendy '' , though ... well ... 
  i do n't think hipsters are highly respected people anywhere . 
  when i hear `` brawl '' , i do n't think `` iron bars and grievous arson '' . 
  `` schlaegerei '' is ( i think ) more serious than the english translations suggest . 
  this may be naive , but if you actually mean `` university professor '' , would n't it be the best idea to do some research where his degree is recognized , get published and have something to show for himself when applying for a job abroad ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_france it 's ( probably ) named after the resistance government of de gaulle , which would place it in the conservative spectrum . 
  may be a deliberate misnomer , but i do n't think it indicates extremist thoughts - nationalist ones , maybe . 
  ah , so basically they keep people above the poverty line with payment in kind . 
  good approach - far more callous and practical than i 'd have thought possible in germany just five years ago , actually . 
  thanks for sourcing your statement !, 
  edit : skimming those articles makes it clear why i was n't sure what laws you were referring to , i had only read about them as concepts and aims . 
  were both those things ratified now ? 
  that would be surprising . 
  and leaving smug comments about not being one of the average morons , congratulating people who agree with you and expecting the same ( or opposition that `` proves your point '' ) in return is just as circlejerky as those morons repeating the same few `` enlightened '' lines in every thread . 
  how does people marching show the latter ? 
  it 's just not using `` amtdeutsch '' ( official terminology ) - in ordinary german , `` fluechtling '' is used to refer to all those who have been judged as refugees or are awaiting judgment , which is apparently the case here . 
  all ? 
  afaik , such regulations generally include keeping people above the poverty line . 
  -  from this , a brawl resulted in which several people were allegedly armed with iron bars . 
  after the brawl , a matress in the albanians ' tent was allegedly set on fire . 
  two people were reportedly injured by the smoke [ inhalation ? ] . 
  that 's a bit more serious than a shower fee ... 
  was this an attempt to prove my point ? 
  that 's not what i was saying at all , and i already told you back then that you 're too fanatic to be worth talking to - as evidenced by your cheap , deliberate , manipulative misrepresentation of this polarizing issue . 
  so fuck off , you 're the embodiment of everything that 's wrong with this debate . 
  by no stretch of the imagination could you call bismarck `` left '' , though . 
  it 's just a troll , read its other comments in this thread . 
  this discussion must have been linked in some place like / r/murica , it 's not plausible that people would usually have such high views of themselves while looking _ that _ far down on others . 
  they simply have more research , which is why they top the rankings . 
  that may be a useful parameter to determine a university 's economic worth but it 's irrelevant to the average student . 
  it also fails to take into account other systems than the us 's - in germany , for instance , research is handled by independent institutions that are usually just associated with a university . 
  so those international rankings are n't worth a penny when it comes to judging quality of education . 
  yeah , those are some ... extravagant claims . 
  i would n't have made a single one of them without providing three sources per sentence . 
  google translate ca n't even distinguish between `` sie '' and `` sie '' ?!, 
  german is such a logical language , it 's the optimal target for neural networks . 
  weird it still makes glaring errors , that entire text requires a lot of interpretation - it 's simply word-by-word literal at some points . 
  the economist quotes him on it , so it would appear to be valid . 
  no contest , but the apparent connection is downplaying legitimate concerns . 
  most concerns about us involvement in 9/11 could probably have been dispelled as easily as those of people in europe right now , but both are being `` fought '' by painting them as lunacy . 
  that tends to create `` alternative '' theories rather than curbing them . 
  south park put it quite nicely in that context , actually - paraphrasing : `` a third of our people are retarded , how would we convince them otherwise ? '', 
  i think op was using the quote to describe what kind of mindset such policies can lead to , not as an actual source . 
  misrepresenting a polarizing issue is _ the _ worst approach to addressing it at all . 
  the only thing that will do is deepen the trenches . 
  de maiziere 's statements are pretty much a perfect representation of germany 's current approach to the crisis - `` do n't worry , it 's not so bad , we 'll maybe have a look into it '' . 
  yeah , awesome - that 's going to do wonders for the people who are actually suffering under such conditions . 
  it 's nothing but ignorant self-gratification and appeasement ; and that 's certainly worked out well in the past . 
   the reason for criminal law and punishment is to dissuade people from the prohibited actions prohibiting an action should always consider that action 's potential impact . 
  if a radical neo-nazi tells their peers to kill all jews or if a radical islamist does the same , that 's _ vastly _ different in potential impact than an ivory tower extremist doing the equivalent . 
  white men simply do n't have to fear for their safety as a result of this tweet , jews might have to for the equivalent . 
  _ that 's _ what should be punished . 
   thats where you get into thoughcrime though . 
  i did n't mean by legal action , just by societal conventions . 
  bluntly put , dumb people should be dissuaded from making their opinion heard , no matter their viewpoint , and intelligent people should be enouraged , no matter their viewpoint . 
  ( edit : and of course , manipulative people of any persuasion should be _ strongly _ dissuaded from voicing their crap . ), 
  far better approach than limiting expression based on ideology as we currently do , imho . 
  as if the common university leftist would start a literal race war ... even those would probably scoff at _ actual _ attempts to incite them , they 'd just abstract something like this as `` criticism of society '' .
