fences , doors ... 
  this picture looks fake . 
  it might just be the artifacting/posterizing but is this shopped ? 
  it 's really shitty . 
  this is how it starts . 
  this is how it always starts . 
  he 's not the kahless we want , but he 's the kahless we deserve and can make with dna and cloning technology being what it is . 
  that 's a great idea . 
   -32 points someone does n't know a joke when they see it . 
   merkel said germany ( and consequently europe because she forced the whole union into this mess ) would be the new united-states of europe . 
  who 's playing the indians ? 
  never thought of it that way before . 
  that 's a good way to put it . 
   money your ancestors stole for you . 
  exactly how much of europe do you think is still living on `` money your ancestors stole for them '' ? 
  i mean it 's not nobody , but it 's a pretty short list . 
  did someone say ... [ fifteen finns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlslhpfupba ) ? 
  almost no one had the internet then though . 
  like you . 
  were n't you telechargeing things on the minitel at that point ? 
  true . 
  was 90s , fonts were a new thing . 
  i did all the fonts i could . 
  am now 201xs . 
  am now font bored . 
   dog food for humans laaaaaaaaawl, 
  what the fuck haha : [ kinshasa 's traffic robots : ' i thought it was some kind of joke ' - in pictures ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/cities/gallery/2015/mar/13/kinshasa-traffic-robots-robocops-in-pictures ), 
  mr cool ass, 
   overall looks as much european as it can . 
  so ugly ? 
  because you 're right . 
  on the one hand that * does * overrepresent the crazies . 
  on the other hand , there is no nice way to say that 1.1 b out of 1.62 b want sharia . 
  we can only hope . 
  i hate this name . 
  how about `` swo long '' ? 
  or `` the swap out '' ? 
  or maybe `` s ' very glad to be leaving '' ? 
  i was confused by his name too . 
  of course she does n't want mass ( meaning pakistani or other muslim ) immigration . 
  i see . 
  you 're right . 
   british petroleum merged with amoco in 1998 , becoming bp amoco plc , and acquired arco and burmah castrol in 2000 , becoming bp plc in 2001 . 
  i thought it was still british petroleum and i imagine i 'm not alone in that . 
  probably why a lot of us missed obama being so anti-british - i 'd never heard of any of this before . 
   such as obama 's false reference to bp as `` british petroleum , '' i do n't understand . 
  that 's what it stands for . 
  in english we would say `` hanger-on '' but same thing . 
  daesh shows up , al-qaeda starts to feel inadequate . 
  suicide bombs daesh to make them stop being crazier than al-qaeda . 
  daesh suicide bombs europe to get the limelight back . 
  ira starts to feel neglected . 
  goes back to doing what they do best . 
  next the red army fraction will get upset no one remembers them . 
  and * hurrdee durr dee durrr *, 
  buying new pets at the pet store . 
  worse , it 's not luck . 
  they had enough money to pay a smuggler . 
  i do n't know what it 's called . 
  i 've just seen it done . 
  :d that 's the only experience i have . 
  still an ugly baby . 
  i understand , but it was the closest parallel i could think of . 
  a crop that needs to be dried . 
  i guess peppers can be sun-dried while tobacco ca n't . 
  why are they dried outside ? 
  we dry tobacco inside here . 
   florida beach vacation was ruined by spring break so much puke . 
   i do n't recall anything unexpected the cheap vodka did its job . 
  ca n't expect swedes to conform to their host society , that would be racism . 
  or islamophobia . 
  or something . 
  india did a lot of that , did n't stop the empire from rolling over them . 
  lots of countries have tried and still been conquered - arabs , some african countries . 
  niiiiiiice, 
  i 'm just learning this joke now , at my age . 
  i 'm learning this joke from a portuguese . 
  you 're right . 
  architect of modern buildings -  ugly as sin . 
  of course . 
  except for that last pic , the stadium for qatar which looks kinda nice . 
  international business times is a tabloid . 
  it 's not a scientific journal , it 's not even a normal newspaper , it just pretends to be . 
  it 's a tabloid . 
  you 're getting downvoted because no one understands how much of medical practice is * already * placebo . 
   britain 's `` invasion '' of australia . 
  yes ...  and to avoid the word `` aborigines '' . 
  this has been tried over here as well , and no one 's buying the canard about `` indian '' being `` politically incorrect . '', 
  it 's still what they call themselves , it 's still the only catch-all we have for them , it 's still what we call them . 
  the same goes for trying to replace `` black '' with `` african american . '', 
   you could argue that the us was legitimate colonization since , for a fairly long time , colonies were only established with the consent of native authorities . 
   how to make a fire . 
  that was the tazzies only . 
  the aussies knew how to make fire . 
  dagestan to daesh : hey thanks for your help guys . 
  that 's g. . . no it 's not . 
  go fuck yourselves . 
  greece = 0 looks like the solution is just to keep muslims out of your home and stay out of theirs . 
  that way you 1 ) wo n't be hit with a terrorist uprising in your own country 2 ) wo n't re-export a terrorist uprising back to arab lands . 
  i mean ... he 's not wrong .
