  hinkley c is bogged down in corruption which can happen to any project with idiots in government . 
  there 's dozens of reactors across the world and under construction ( mainly asia ) that are being built without massive cost overruns and on time . 
  they ca n't in the current circumstances which is what this post about . 
  they did n't report on it because no one cares about any of that stuff . 
  sexual assaults are an epidemic in every music festival everywhere , why exactly would someone in spain or scotland or anywhere really care about one particular festival they 've never heard of in sweden ? 
  why would some local schools changing their fucking dress code make international news over literally anything ? 
  unless it was a direct order from the german minister for education and not a unilateral decision from a few school principles then no one will care . 
   `` as a true guardian reader , and liberal leftie , i suppose i did n't want to raise that too hard . 
  i think there was a culture of not wanting to rock the multicultural community boat if i may put it like that '' [ http://www.telegraph.co.uk] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/11059138/rotherham-in-the-face-of-such-evil-who-is-the-racist-now.html ) . 
  [ https://www.theguardian.com] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/aug/30/rotherham-girls-could-have-been-spared-ann-cryer ) , where 's the cover up ? 
  not everyone wants to read about refugees and muslims 24/7 . 
  this is why majority governments are over rated . 
   if citiziens would have more money to spend what a lot of economists recommend to bring germany 's trade imbalance into line is to increase wages ... 
  germany has had a trade imbalance for years , france has never had a debt to gdp ratio of 60 % and they 're `` getting off scott free '' . 
  . if every country in the eu was fined for breaking rules and regulations we 'd all be bankrupt . 
  economygerman trade surplus swells to fresh record germany 's bloated current account has long been the fodder for the country 's economic critics . 
  well , some some more fuel arrived today . 
  germany 's balance in goods , services and payments with the rest of the world -- known as its current account -- has now grown to a record $ 30.4 bn in march , its highest monthly reading to date , writes mehreen khan . 
  measured on a quarterly basis , the current account swelled to $ 65.7 bn in the first three months of the year , according to the country 's statistics office . 
  europe 's exporting powerhouse also saw its trade surplus hit a record $ 20.6 bn in march , as it managed to sell goods worth $ 107bn compared to imports of $ 80.9 bn . 
  germany exported $ 62.6 bn worth of goods to the european union , and imported products to the value of $ 53.9 bn from the bloc . 
  on the one hand , that 's a good sign that foreign demand has picked up despite jitters about a slowdown in global growth . 
  but only yesterday , the international monetary fund issued another warning about the size of germany 's dominant trade position with the rest of the world , arguing the country should use its considerable fiscal space to fund infrastructure rather than racking up bumper savings . 
  mario draghi has also hit out at the state of germany 's sizeable trade surplus , arguing that it has helped push down interest rates in the eurozone . 
  ** germany has also long fallen foul of eu budget rules which limit member states to running current account surpluses of no more than 6 per cent of gdp . 
  the current account is set to hit 8.5 per cent this year , compared to 8.8 per cent in 2015 , according to the european commission . 
  back then ? 
  the deficit is larger than ever and has been broken for years after year , the amount that would have to be paid would dwarf what apple has to pay, 
  for every year germany had an illegal trade surplus , should they be fined to balance the books for each of those years ? 
  current government should be punished for what a government did in secret 25 years ago , how 's that fair ? 
  dams can break and the results are worse than a nuclear meltdown . 
  that 's still extremely short though , ireland is 2 years some other places like germany it 's 3 years . 
   that reminds of a story here in the ~ ~ netherlands ~ ~ world everywhere does that , boxing ( especially ) , muay thai , kick boxing etc. 
  it keeps them active and off the streets . 
  if they 're in a gym 3 or 4 nights a week training do you really think many of them will be robbing houses afterward or more inclined to join gangs ? 
  not to mention a lot these children probably do n't have any sort of father figure or even just a positive male influence which the coach can fill in : [ cus d'amato ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cus_d%27amato ) one of the most famous examples . 
   not something like programming or photo/video editing . 
  how long do you think uneducated children would last doing something like that and why would they want to do it ? 
  it was all of reddit , / r/news , / r/worldnews , / r/europe etc. . . * some * of the comments are n't as high up the page now as they were but they 're still there . 
   but what exactly is preventing the us from reducing it 's defense budget ( other than the whole iraq disaster begin a drain for decades ) if they think it 's too damn high ? 
  saving face . 
  if the us completely withdrew from europe , the american people would watch russia not invade europe and realise all the stories they were told about not being able to have free healthcare and free tuition because of having to subsidize europe 's defense were nothing more than bare faced lies . 
   defending the us that 's a stretch . 
  if only she was france 's , what a fool . 
  can we take down all the posters and banners on every wall and in every shop window now ? 
  portugal have been implementing austerity for years now ... this  as we see now the austerity measures work is contradicted by this  since over 8 years they do n't meet there deficit target and did n't save enough . 
  if i 'm reading that graph right , it means every middle eastern and sub saharan muslim is now in europe and we 're officially living in a caliphate . 
  people really should stop linking to that graph it is n't much use . 
  just because you throw inordinate amounts of money at a problem does n't mean you 'll solve it . 
  for example the wendelstein 7-x in germany , it does n't matter if you gave the entire gdp of the earth to researchers in the 70s because the design of the stellarator relied on modern day supercomputing and modern day engineering . 
   maybe brexit caused a surge in stuff like this was n't there a report ( maybe just an article ) that said that there was a surge in racist things like this ? 
  edit : [ eu referendum : reports of hate crime increase 57 % following brexit vote ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/brexit-hate-crime-racism-reports-eu-referendum-latest-a7106116.html ) ... have to wait and see if it dies down though . 
  yup , what they do n't pay in taxes they usually make up for in investment . 
  we 're also a wonderful place for servers ; [ google ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/irish/google-to-build-new-150m-data-centre-in-dublin-30012987.html ) , [ apple ] ( https://www.irishtimes.com/business/technology/ireland-s-data-centre-boom-set-to-continue-1.2126081 ) , [ microsoft ] ( http://www.independent.ie/business/jobs/microsoft-given-the-green-light-for-four-dublin-data-centres-in-900m-project-34710317.html ) . 
  well if they do remain it 'll destroy the conservatives , so that 's good i suppose . 
  it 's not much of a democracy anyway , the tories only received 35 % ( i think ) of the popular vote ... they do n't represent the will of the majority anyway . 
  they have free movement of people as well do n't they ? 
  well the tories got back into power , that was the original point of the referendum . 
  no one is saying democracy is bad , just the decision . 
  is this the 2 years people are on about , like 2 years to renegotiate ( reformulate ? ), 
  all the laws and trade agreements ? 
  well the first part is true and second part was a bit of a joke , the empire started with scotland and then ireland and now they could both be gone , it is a small bit funny to me at least ... obviously no one thinks the uk and the empire are the same . 
  the uk leaving might be the wake up call the eu needs to finally reform . 
  i was talking more about mena migrants which was a major part of the leave campaign . 
  a few thousand of those migrants in the article are probably irish and thousands more from mainland european . 
  the agreements the uk will have with the wto will be nothing like what it had with the eu . 
  has the european population even increased 1 % with all the migrants ? 
  i 'm not saying it is n't a problem , but i do n't think it 's so bad that it 's worth breaking up the eu and possibly the uk over . 
  and most likely broke up the uk , scotland will most likely vote to leave the uk and join the euro and maybe even northern ireland . 
  the official end of the british empire ... will anyone be disappointed ? 
   seemingly the most important word in your comment , you 'd think as an irish person you 'd realise how uncommon these attacks are these days . 
  we do n't even know what kind of attack it is yet either . 
  could be a completely random attack by some lunatic . 
  and surely ericsson as well since so much of the back end for the internet that the companies on the list use is run on their products . 
  was the lawyer anders breivik ? 
  nazi war criminals ? 
  serbian war criminals ? 
  no they were n't because as bad as they were they still have rights and * someone * has to make sure they 're not trampled on . 
   ended up making excuses for them ... acting as an apologist for them a lawyer making excuses for his client , well i never !, 
  it 's a post about a european country knowing about a chemical weapons attack in a country where refugees are flooding to europe and is making up a large part of the g7 discussions where a european country ( uk ) wants to slap more sanctions on russia because of the attack . 
  i think it is related to europe tbh . 
  the us pays so much because they get the most out of it . 
  them pulling out would be the single greatest act of stupidity in the history of united states foreign policy . 
  got no seats the last election afaik . 
  ireland has no relevant extremes at all , just completely middle of the road . 
  . like the weather . 
  post : germany needs to do more to tackle shrinking population comments : fuck refugees never change / r/europe, 
   well , i guess continental europe knows how to deal with their elections . 
  it 's a lot easier to avoid that non-sense without first past the post voting ,, 
  if there was no gun control then they would n't have to resort to reactivating deactivated guns though ? 
  you 're in europe gp care is free !! . 
  . except ireland . 
   he does n't disclose his party 's finances ) . 
  gee , that 's not suspicious at all !, 
  since you 're probably not ~ ~ french ~ ~ european , why do you care about ~ ~ marine le pen ~ ~ the eu anyway ? 
  going into fantasy land for a second and pretending fillon and le pen drop out , who 'd win between macron and hamon ? 
  mightierthanthou posts a never ending stream of pro us shit . 
  statistics and facts are purposefully twisted or left out to prove the us is the best country ever in every metric . 
  he even has his own specific tag ( mtt ) on / r/shitamericanssay . 
  do n't feed the troll , he 's more dedicated than you .
