  if it was through legislation then any successive government could change it . 
   it was not , legally , an option . 
  why not ? 
  the only way for ireland to do this was through referendum . 
  i just do n't see how it was a waste of time having a popular vote , it shows unequivocally that the majority support same sex marriage and now that it has passed it is enshrined in the constitution which ca n't be changed without another referendum . 
  if it was just passed with legislation then any government could revoke it anytime . 
  whether it could have been passed by the d\u00e1il is a matter for historians now . 
  then why has there been 2 ( or 4 ? ), 
  votes in stormont , all rejected . 
  [ like this ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/stormont-rejects-same-sex-marriage-proposal-674634.html ), 
  some law professors said it could be changed through legislation , but the then minister for justice said there was ample case law that would require a referendum to change . 
  it may not have been defined in the constitution but through numerous court cases marriage was defined as between a man and woman . 
  this amendment does n't actually change the definition of marriage per se , but it now says that marriage can be between people regardless of their sex . 
   marriage may be contracted in accordance with law by two persons without distinction as to their sex . 
  actual wording . 
  hope that cleared it up . 
  in ireland , afaik , there is no way at all to change the constitution without a referendum that 's why i prefer ( at least for ireland ), 
  well if gay marriage was legalised through legislation then any government could change it whenever . 
  now that 's in the constitution no one can change it without another referendum . 
  so this is , in my opinion , the right way to do it . 
   northern ireland the dup is full of young earth creationists , i would n't hold my breath . 
  this includes the minutes you get aswell , even including that though three is better value imo . 
  ( i 'm on it aswell ), 
  i 'm on three in ireland and i get unlimited data ( 4g ) with free texts to anyone , free three to three calls and free calls to anyone at the weekend for $ 20 , hard to get a better deal . 
  i do n't get what you mean though , gdp is how much money the government takes in , is n't it ? 
  how could multinationals send the money somewhere else ? 
  ireland is an island in the atlantic with america on the other side , how and why is france protecting us ? 
  ( hint they do n't , it 's the uk that intercepts russian aircraft when they fly close ), 
   lybia could probably be split in two/three countries is that not basically what the french and english thought before they carved up the ottoman empire ? 
  some group/tribe somewhere will be split down the middle of 2 countries and it 'll only make things worse . 
  $ 1.6 billion was transferred to exact . 
  when you hit rock bottom the only way to go is up ... 
  you reap what you sow . 
  the only surprise here is how many fiascoes it took for the bbc to fire him . 
  the cloud was a blessing in disguise for me because every now and then it thinned out so you could see it perfectly with the naked eye . 
  clear blue sky : ca n't see it , completely overcast : ca n't see it , where i am it was perfect . 
  i am the reincarnation of ra !, 
  hahaha funny prank ayy / u/nederjames ha was n't it ?? 
  ? ... ja ... james why are none of your limbs attached to your torso ? 
  i 've no links but i think more people want an independent northern ireland rather than a united ireland . 
  edit : ok apparently i was wrong and most people in n. ireland prefer staying in the uk : [ from wikipedia ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/92/northern_ireland_life_and_times_survey_constitutional_preference.png ) most people in the republic would prefer a united ireland . 
  i , personally , would prefer putting a massive fence around the 6 counties until all catholics and protestants learn to get along with each other . 
  the only time i 've ever seen armed guards in ireland is when there 's a travellers wedding/funeral on in town . 
  the last council house a traveler family got in my local town had a petrol bomb thrown through the window by another traveler family they were having a feud with . 
  i do n't even know why we bother . 
  ( ireland ) on 3 prepay i can top up by $ 20 and get free 3 to 3 calls and texts and free any network calls and texts at the weekend and unlimited 4g data . 
  is the uk ever going to stop oppressing us ? 
   while the inverse elicits vehement claims of protectionism regardless of how warranted the penalties are . 
  ... for example ? 
  i 'm not an expert but i they might have that wrong . 
  any company can use android and sell it but if you do n't follow some rules you wo n't be allowed pre install google 's apps like gmail and maps etc. 
  it 's why fire devices and cyanogen mod do n't have them installed , so maybe it 's to do with that ? 
  is there any reason not to be cynical about this ? 
   this was the exact same argument used against the referendum in greece . 
  and lisbon and i 'm sure others as well . 
  also / r/panamapapers /, 
  ha ... we do n't have a prime minister that can resign , we do n't even have a government !, 
  wow , did he not think anyone would realise ? 
  you 'd probably need a small nuclear device just to get anywhere near the reactor and even if they did get in you ca n't just pull a fuel rod out , put it in your pocket and walk out . 
  it takes weeks/months for professionals to replace the fuel rods , i really do n't know why people worry about terrorists getting into nuclear plants . 
  because every thread on / r/europe these days will contain comments with any one ( or combination ) of those words , no matter how little relevance they have to the thread . 
  like this one , a post about portugal having a low fertility rate and you bring up migrants , how is it relevant at all ? 
  if the words migrants , muslims and leftists were banned on / r/europe the amount of comments would drop by over half . 
  lumping catholics and protestants in together would be a very stupid thing to do by the english prime minister . 
   simple definition of socialism  a way of organizing a society in which major industries are owned and controlled by the government rather than by individual people and companies http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/socialism name one country in europe that fits that definition . 
  do n't know how to break this to you ... but there 's no socialist countries in europe . 
  what the fuck is going on with this sub ? 
  it seems anytime negative news about a country is posted there 's always comments like the one above me or else `` yay progressivism '' . 
   non violence has always been the way of dying societies . 
  exactly just look at northern ireland , they tried to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the violence and it 's a complete shithole now ... they do n't even have paramilitary check points anymore ... * the horror *, 
   so either the situation is entirely out of control , or the terrorists are running scared and have acted preemptively to avoid being blown by abdeslam . 
  problem is one of those options sells a lot better than the other . 
  the chances of being killed in car crash are so much higher than being killed in a terrorist attack it 's laughable to even try and compare them but still millions of people will go outside and drive around the place with out fear of dying . 
  guna have to disagree , dublin ranks as one of the worst cities i 've ever been in . 
  2 weeks ago was the first time i 'd actually been round city center in a few years and i could n't believe how bad it was . 
  the amount of beggars and heroin addicts was unreal . 
  as soon as we got off the bus there was a beggar in right in front of , we turned the corner and walked up o'connell street a bit and went into mcdonalds first thing we see is 2 heroin addicts being kicked out and saying to the security guard they were going to come back and stab him . 
  lovely . 
  we left mcdonalds , crosses the street and walked up a bit further to get the bus to my friends house in south side dublin . 
  literally 100 metres and 4 or 5 people were begging , where we standing waiting for the bus was another heroin addict sitting down who could n't hold his head up straight or keep his eyes open . 
  to make things worse the only politician who wanted to treat heroin addiction as a health problem not a criminal one did n't get re-elected so it 's probably going to get a lot worse before it gets better . 
  a lawyer who knows about irish tax laws could get a job very fast i 'd say ... 
  boston scientific has thousands , medtronic has thousands , creganna and merit medical have a few hundred each as well . 
  there 's loads more . 
  glad i 'm not the only one thinking this , i 've been coming to / r/europe less and less every week because of it . 
  there 's no discussion about anything apart from refugees . 
  i would n't really mind if it was decent discussion about refugees , but [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/nndtt1zybt8?t=2m8s ) is basically what every refugee thread descends into every time . 
   you fucking illiterate . 
  when someone 's sentence starts with `` leftist '' or `` the left '' i just presume they 're a complete and total idiot . 
  do you really think every single person from the people who believe in relatively high taxes to full blow communists want an endless flow of migrants ? 
  or that there is not a single person who identifies as being on the right that thinks a flow of migrants is a good thing . 
  if you can only think of politics in such a child like `` left , right , center '' way then you really need read a few books on political science or something . 
  the kinahan family who 's one of the gangs involved in this feud has a pan european empire some people estimate to be worth about $ 1 billion . 
  i honestly do n't know but i would n't be surprised if we do . 
  the kinahan family who is responsible for this particular shooting is a very powerful family across europe nevermind ireland , their empire is allegedly worth about $ 1 billion . 
  [ you can read more here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/44t01l/eli5_the_whole_kinahanhutch_fued/ ), 
  1 dead , now confirmed to be eddie hutch brother of gerry hutch ( ` the monk ' ), 
  telling the police you were raped is n't something i 'd associate with a teenager that 's just `` acting out '' . 
   information age a 2 way street . 
  it 's easier to find the truth but also easier to find ` evidence ' reinforcing your preconceived beliefs .
