  my fathers side immigrated from todays greece to turkey during the collapse of ottoman empire . 
  they immigrated because they identified as turkish , so do i. 
  with the standards like these , i do n't think any nation would have any `` purebreeds '' they imagine . 
   not greek . 
  probably some percentage of greek as well . 
  but mostly anatolian . 
  i do n't how `` greek '' greece would be if judged by the same standards , as well . 
  however , the reason for this argument is not to call ourselves `` greek '' and feel some kind of national pride that would come with it . 
  it is to oppose and ridicule turkish nationalists/racists who feel proud of their race and make populist speeches about it . 
  telling them they are more greek than central asian is priceless . 
  there are balkan turks who immigrated during or after the collapse of ottoman empire . 
  they are aware that their ancestors came from balkans . 
  they are not the majority of western parts of turkey . 
  the ones we are talking about right now are the majority of people in turkey . 
  they claim that all their ancestors came from middle asia . 
  and the counterclaim here is that majority of turkish people are actually descended from ancient anatolian empires and byzantines , roman empire etc. 
  they converted to islam , adopted their culture , but they are genetically more anatolian or greek than turkic . 
  hairy white people that live in the west parts of turkey who like to eat yoghurt , yaprak sarma , baklava , d\u00f6ner etc. 
   flaunting around riches or does prestige power plays you mean like this ; http://imgur.com/a/8xig6, 
  both turks and kurds are muslim majorities . 
  but kurds are a lot more attached to religion in general . 
  the political party that represents them ( hdp ) is mostly made out of social democrats . 
  pkk , the kurdish guerrilla is a stalinist group . 
  neither of them represents the average kurdish person . 
  but considering the organizations that claim to represent kurdish people are more secular , i think europeans tend to perceive them as seculars . 
  communicating my kurdish friends , i always realize how kurdish people perceive the turkish as non-religious . 
  angela merkel looks like a kindergarten teacher nowadays . 
  first erdo\u011fan , now trump . 
  i agree , i just tried to explain his comment . 
  i think he is referring to the current situation with syrian refugees . 
   you could n't help undercutting your own argument by claiming that any smart and educated person would know that it is the only factor . 
  you are right here , as another user pointed it out . 
  choosing the right words is especially harder in a foreign language . 
  and since my main point was to say that `` muslim population wo n't take it seriously '' , i did n't recognize my mistake there . 
   the behavior of civilizations and regions ( aka massive groups of people ) and how they behave because of subconscious things i want to say that i find these kinds of explanations of group behavior invalid and outdated . 
  i guess this kind of explanations takes its roots from gustave le bon 's idea of `` group mind '' . 
  i prefer looking into smaller groups and individuals while trying to attribute reasons for their behavior . 
  so i will answer your other claim accordingly . 
   islam has no been able to conquer europe militarily , culturally or in any other way . 
  it seems that the next attempt will be to conquer demographically . 
  to make that claim , i think we must first examine the high fertility rates as a phenomenon . 
  in an attempt to separate islam from the thought of `` birth to conquer '' , i must convince you that there are factors that are far more important than religion , and that religion might not even be a factor to consider . 
  and i think those factors are economy and education . 
  poor and uneducated countries have more birth rates . 
  i think china and india prove my point . 
  so , i think the overpopulation in the middle east caused by the same factors . 
  will this overpopulation happen in europe after the massive immigration ? 
  it 's still a question . 
  if it happens , i think the reason will be that the factors that caused overpopulation not being changed . 
  people not carefully planning their families economically and socially , under-education = ( failed integration ) . 
  i still feel that i could n't explain my thoughts as fully as i wanted to , but whaeva , i do n't think that we think about islam very differently , we just disagree about the importance of its influence among other factors . 
   not entirely true . 
  religious people with the exact same economic situation as atheists will have more kids . 
  true , i guess i was not very careful about my wording . 
  i missed the point about `` choice '' . 
  edited to : `` anyone who has a little bit of intelligence and an educational background knows that their economic situation is the only decision point to decide how many children they can possibly have . '', 
  in a few years , after statements like erdo\u011fan 's from muslim countries and immigrants , you will see how and why that happens . 
  the more muslim you become , the more unprotected sex you have . 
  maybe we can be proud of our fertility rates nowadays ? 
  anyone who has a little bit of intelligence and an educational background knows that their economic situation is the only decision point to decide how many children they can possibly have . 
  erdo\u011fan has been unsuccessfully trying to convince turkish families to have at least 3 children . 
  and his core audience , of course , applauds him , while not following his advice . 
  i do n't even know how the guy got the idea that his supporters care about him so much , that they can even take the responsibility to raise the exact number of children he desires , just to make him happy . 
  i think it 's also important to mention that a lot of turkish democrats voted for hdp , just for them to pass 10 %, 
  to be fair it can mean both of them depending on the context . 
  in can also be translated as cruel , unfair , heartless etc. 
  [ http://tdk.gov.tr/index.php?option=com_gts&amp;arama=gts&amp;guid=tdk.gts.58cbff88a11c31.25583468 ] infidel sounds more aggressive , so i think your wording would be more accurate . 
  ( have mercy tho , i 'm not getting paid to do that ), 
  i thought some of the caricatures needed more translation and explanation , so i tried to translate them in more detail . 
  http://imgur.com/a/laybf thanks for trying to show the internet folks that turkey has not fallen yet , / u/soravit, 
  as an atheist guy from a muslim majority country , i want to intervene and give you my personal anecdotes . 
  reading through comments , i can see that the general consensus is that islam can not have a reform . 
  that all muslims believe that muhammad was a warlord , a pedophile . 
  i can only speak for my country and say every muslim i encountered was anti-pedophilia , believed that muhammad was peaceful and told stories about it . 
  while discussing islam with my friends and teachers , i encountered plenty of people claiming that muhammad married aisha when she was 18-19 years old . 
  there are islamic scholars in turkey , such as yasar nuri ozturk , who claims the same about aisha and labels himself as `` secular '' and `` kemalist '' . 
  i want to link an article series from spiegel for any of you who are interested to read : http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/muslim-martin-luthers-the-theologians-working-towards-a-euro-islam-a-548970.html as a side note : please support reformist islamic scholars in the middle east rather than moderate islamist leaders . 
  so maybe it works and we all live in peace . 
  and there is no civil war there to create an overflow of muslim immigrants . 
  are n't you supposed to say odin or something ? 
  never heard about lootings of the shops actually . 
  seems like it 's caused by inner conflicts . 
  so i still guess residents and workers there would not be hostile against europeans , but as i am not from that city or region , talking to someone who has more experience about the place would be more informative of course . 
  i do n't want to misguide you by making strong claims . 
  google search shows me that oba is in alanya/antalya . 
  it is a city which it 's main economic income is summer tourism . 
  so i doubt political situations to ever affect your experiences in places like these . 
  i know , dude . 
  i did n't intend sound furious with my first comment . 
  damn you europe !, 
  now you gave erdo\u011fan another chance to pander . 
  even though i got desensitized for turkey puns over the time , this was still funny . 
  and he sucked at it . 
  many of us wish he was good enough to make millions . 
  so that he could have stayed away from politics . 
  more than that , it was widely discussed in turkey that his 2-year university diploma was fake . 
  consequently , makes his presidency illegitimate . 
  we have istanbul since 1453 . 
  just when are you guys going to get used to it ? 
  or maybe mohammmmmmaaaadd,
