  but we know the result . 
  there is always hope . 
  especially when there is a lot of opposition . 
  none of us can see the future . 
  https://youtu.be/-fny99f8amm?t=1h31m18s find some islamic scholar to say `` it 's okay '' . 
  then it 's ok . 
  claiming that 500 years of generation does n't make people locals sounds more insecure tbh . 
  edit : anyhow , limiting our history with ottoman empire is also funny . 
  just a quick reading for you : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anatolian_beyliks, 
  this is how ottoman map looked like before the conquest of \u0130stanbul : http://www.erguven.net/medya/www.erguven.net-osmanli_kurulus_devri_ ( 52 ) . jpg but ... whaeva you say , dude . 
  nope . 
  more like kino\u011fbi, 
   maybe turkey had the potential for him . 
  just like usa had a potential for trump . 
  or russia for putin . 
  maybe they all say a lot about their country . 
  i think he might be arrested both for the video and his account . 
  they want to say `` look , this is an islamophobe , fet\u00d6 sympathiser . 
  they are the ones who want you to say no '' but , on the other side , he is a law student . 
  is he that stupid to expose his true identity with that account ? 
  why did he do that ? 
  there are blanks in my mind . 
  i ca n't reach to conclusions in the speed of light . 
  my comment was an informative one . 
  i did n't express any of the opinions i had . 
  i might have chosen to just say `` turkey sucks '' and get 99999 karma . 
  rather than doing that , i gave relevant information to non-turkish speakers . 
  maybe the problem with turkey is not only erdo\u011fan , but it is also people like you , who criticize something , just because of the social group they feel an attachment to , not because of any critical thinking . 
  neither do i. 
  but in a muslim-majority country , it is more of a big deal in the eyes of the public . 
  there were similar cases in the past . 
  the general consensus is that if you insult religion , you should be punished . 
  i thought the information was valuable , because putting someone in just because of that video , would still be criticized in turkey . 
  as i heard from turkish social media , the official reason for the arrest was not the video . 
  it was that he had an anonymous twitter account that insulted muslims and erdo\u011fan , and praised the military coup and etc. 
  and with the video , he revealed his face . 
  twitter account is the one that is exposed here . 
  https://twitter.com/biyikbay/status/839548256430469120 on the above link , the @biyikbay exposes some controversial tweets of his , and in one of the pictures , the said twitter account ( felix ) is claiming he is the one in the video . 
  just writing this to give you guys some more information . 
  that 's exactly how people in turkey is starting to feel . 
  and the reason is not `` not having the same ideals '' . 
  the reason is being buttfucked while trying to get your country in a good place by the organizations including eu . 
  yes , we 're the ones to vote and say the last word on everything . 
  that , however , does not mean that europe never had an influence on turkish electors decisions or turkey 's policies . 
  and with that influence , you have done the most you can to fuck a country apart . 
  but i can understand how hard it is to admit this for you . 
  because you still think no mistakes can be done by yurop . 
  i hope your misconception would n't fail you in the long run . 
  and , i , would really not want to see my country in a failing organization . 
   stage that 's what i love the most . 
  everything is a stage leading up to its nirvana , a.k.a. 
  whatever the question is , if you 're on the same page with them , you 're right . 
  yurop is never wrong on a subject , yurop is always objective , yurop is never prejudiced . 
  yeah , that 's the stage we 're in until we evolve up to what you desire . 
  support an islamist leader until the point where it 's almost impossible to stop him from becoming a dictator , just because those seculars were too authoritarian for you . 
  now defend islamic cult members , just because you do n't like that previous islamist leader anymore . 
  yeah , maybe europe should stay away for a while . 
  i do n't remember him doing that . 
  but even if he did , i think it is n't enough to make kurdish electors think of the party as a religious one . 
  true about erdo\u011fan 's message . 
  turkey 's political history is not limited to him , though . 
  we have a wide spectrum of ideas . 
  referenced in the original message . 
   you 're disingenuously trying to imply that the pkk just showed up out of nowhere to kill innocent civilians because they 're evil no , never did that . 
   the reality is they 're a direct product of turkish government policies agreed . 
   have n't committed atrocities on anywhere near the same scale . 
  if your scale is the body count , i can agree . 
  if the scale is the moral nature of their actions , i can see no difference . 
   it 's the same nonsensical and myopic excuse trotted out by every oppressive regime and perpetuated by every nationalist who does n't want to own up to grievous wrongdoing on the part of their government . 
  agreed again . 
  the same situation with usa and israel . 
  the situation never gets better with violence from any sides . 
  the violence from one side causes the other to react the same way . 
  so what any sane person should do is to stay sane , not rationalizing or purifying one side 's atrocities for the sake of their own ideology . 
  the number of people died in 9/11 was far less than the number that died in the iraqi war . 
  let 's not kid ourselves ; the al-qaeda is a direct result of usa 's fascist policies towards the muslim countries . 
  ( now , how does it sound ? ), 
  mostly no . 
  you 're the one who is having a cognitive dissonance right now . 
  the wider campaign involves causing terror inside western cities , killing random civilians . 
  are you saying that you are okay with hamas ' or al-qaeda 's methods as well ? 
  yes . 
  that 's my conclusion when it comes down to genetics . 
  that does n't mean that there is n't a shared understanding of turkish history and culture , though . 
  i think what should unite us must be that . 
  not a racist propaganda . 
  you post that to disprove the claim that kurds do vote for erdo\u011fan ? 
  if you want an english source about kurdish electors in turkey , here it is ; http://platform24.org/en/articles/289/who-represents-turkeys-kurds yes , they do vote for him . 
  just because he panders religion and hdp do n't . 
   if anyone fights back and harms some civilians in the process  harms some civilians in the process  in the process so blowing up a bus full of civilians fits that description ? 
  send me a source that proves whatever you want to prove whatsoever infinite . 
  now you have to send it . 
  jokes aside , there is a point when you have to end a discussion and it is when you realize you are dealing with trolls . 
  so bye . 
  needless to say , he does n't acknowledge greek people converting to islam and having children with muslims afterward . 
  explain the reason for that from a scientific standpoint . 
   i 'm sure there are y-chromosome maps that show which one of us is correct ? 
  i 'm willing to admit that i 'm wrong if that 's what the genes say . 
  why are n't you nitpicking this part and let positive sciences say the last word on this ? 
  a lot of similar situations exist in turkey .
