  but also the ones who think it is not even up to question might choose to ignore it ( chp for example ) . 
  getting ready for the referendum and trying to fight in syria at the moment . 
  what about you , neighbor ? 
  hope you 're doing fine . 
  underage statistics look promising . 
  thanks to internet ( mostly ) , we also have a rise in atheism . 
  there is an answer for all your misinformation . 
  but my patience for ignorance and blind hatred is limited . 
  i hope you find peace within yourself , and a real hero somewhere in your own land . 
  you really need both desperately . 
  until you find them , your rage will only get bigger . 
  sorry for you ... 
  never said he was a saint . 
  only pointed out that he was beyond his time on a lot of topics . 
  and he sacrificed lives in the way to a better turkey . 
  did n't cry in a so-called enemy court and claim to be fooled by the real enemy ( usa ) . 
  you know what i 'm talking about right ? 
  you are a syrian as it seems . 
  you do n't know about how he cried in turkish court and ask for forgiveness . 
  i gave the source . 
  go buy it and read some books . 
  unlike you , i do n't think some undesirable personality traits are genetic . 
  there are many good kurdish people . 
  then there is the herd of uneducated masses as there is in every middle eastern people , unfortunately . 
  please read . 
  it 's good for your mind . 
  i tried to translate the ignorance as much as i can with my limited proficiency in the english language . 
  here it is : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4zmqwbybcxs&amp;feature=youtu.be, 
  hhahaha . 
   good job for trying though . 
  bad job for trying to defend a bigot . 
  so let 's talk about undereducated , misinformed masses instead . 
  i love blind fanatics . 
   oh , heroic turkish woman , you are worthy to rise to the skies over the shoulders , not to crawl on the ground mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk . 
   it might sound weird to some , but it is useful to explain . 
  most of the kurdish women 's body are dead , smelly , cold and very vulgar . 
  [ they are ] without any level of opinion . 
  page :91 i think kurdish people deserve a better hero . 
  but if you think this is your best , then we have nothing to say . 
   gulen did condemned the coup just as it happened . 
  like what was he supposed to do ? 
  take the blame immediately and be hated by the vast majority of the country ? 
  proofs were plenty , even before the coup . 
  ahmet \u015e\u0131k wrote a book about akp 's relationship with fet\u00f6 and how fet\u00f6 leaked into high positions in the government and military . 
  he was jailed after writing that book . 
  because , you know , back then akp and fet\u00f6 were working together . 
  fet\u00f6 has always been the worst kept secret of turkey . 
  everybody knew . 
  some could n't do anything , some did n't care . 
  and even the people who are completely against erdo , like me , would not defend them . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/08/turkey-to-stay-on-summer-time-all-year-round lol . 
  if this country was n't so fucked up , i 'd have said come here and get what you want . 
  education depends mostly on the university that you choose to go . 
  i have been in a baltic university where their main goal was economic . 
  i learned nothing about my field , yet all my grades are 10 . 
  some of my friends have gone to an italian university , they say they studied and learned more than they could possibly do in our own university . 
  yet received grades only enough to pass the courses . 
  best thing is to learn about the experiences from ex-erasmus students from your possible choices . 
  different courses offer different opportunities . 
  if the question was about littering , we may have been the dirtiest . 
  could be worse . 
  i was in klaipeda . 
  all i heard from lithuanians was that vilnius is a more international city compared to klaipeda . 
  therefore less people would try to speak russian with you when they realize you 're not lithuanian . 
   those heroes that shed their blood and lost their lives ... you are now lying in the soil of a friendly country . 
  therefore rest in peace . 
  there is no difference between the johnnies and the mehmets to us where they lie side by side here in this country of ours ... you , the mothers who sent their sons from faraway countries , wipe away your tears ; your sons are now lying in our bosom and are in peace . 
  after having lost their lives on this land they have become our sons as well . 
  mustafa kemal atat\u00fcrk https://www.awm.gov.au/encyclopedia/ataturk/, 
  it is something that was always gossiped . 
  like the gossips of trump being appointed by russia . 
  no direct evidence , but a lot of reasons for us to believe that they are involved . 
  not only for akp but also g\u00fclen . 
   the american support of this coup was acknowledged by the cia ankara station chief paul henze . 
  after the government was overthrown , henze cabled washington , saying , `` our boys [ in ankara ] did it . 
  '' [ 32 ] henze denied american involvement in the coup during a june 2003 interview on cnn t\u00fcrk 's man\u015fet , but two days later birand presented an interview with henze recorded in 1997 which confirmed mehmet ali birand 's account . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980_turkish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat#american_involvement the references on wiki direct to paul henze 's discussion with birand . 
  turkish newspapers have it as news reports , but i ca n't find the video on the internet to show it to you . 
  not really a strong evidence ... 
  but we know what those guys are capable of ( nudge nudge , wink wink , say no more ) . 
  where do these workplaces find their employees , though ? 
  in underground sadistic human trafficking rings ? 
  how can anybody accept to work there ? 
  it 's considered as spirit , i guess . 
  that 's what made turkey map on the left bottom dark yellow imo . 
  but we drink more beer . 
  'cause ... cheap ? 
  the people who run away from islamist oppression would not harm greece . 
  we may however have a big civil war over the origins of yoghurt . 
  yes . 
  sorry for my wrong choice of words . 
  b\u00f6hmermann 's video had a quite different tone . 
  thanks for the turkish version . 
  what happened to the law that prevented german citizens from criticizing foreign government officials ? 
  hope they wo n't get sued for the song . 
  1 - there is a tyrant . 
  2 - he has extreme powers . 
  3 - does n't want to let go of them . 
  conclusion - so he 'll have those powers forever . 
  that might have been the same for hitler .
