  this is literally what every sane turkish person dreams . 
  i also have another dream . 
  we could exchange the redneck majority of turkey with the whole population of sweden , norway and denmark . 
  poor mothafuckas could see the sun everyday , and we can all live in peace . 
  it is n't at the moment . 
  only gets banned when shit gets too serious . 
  there is an idiom in turkey : `` when insane sees another insane , he hides his stick '' so i guess they would both sit silently and stare at each other . 
   he seems to be enraged over this . 
  he knows that his behavior will get votes . 
  `` look at me , i 'm even fucking with europeans . '', 
  he would n't even dream of going to war . 
  no worries . 
  it 's just that the greek bros love to accuse atat\u00fcrk . 
  i can confirm that the links he posted are anti-erdo\u011fan . 
  as for the market share , this link can give you the idea : http://gazetetirajlari.com/category/haftalik-tirajlar/ ( h\u00fcrriyet belongs to do\u011fan holding ) also , there are social media platforms that a lot of young people visit every day where they can criticize erdo\u011fan . 
  such as eksisozluk.com . 
  or fb and twitter . 
  political humor is also still popular in turkey . 
  a lot of caricature magazines are against erdogan and are making fun of him . 
  again , very popular among young people . 
  it is also important to note that all of the media outlets that are mentioned gets a lot of pressure from time to time . 
  you are right . 
  the earlier conversation i had was with someone who saw everything black and white , who could n't understand that there is a spectrum in muslim countries . 
  so i felt the need to differentiate turkey with the rest by pointing out some differences . 
  homosexuality and atheism , for example , are still taboos in most of the country . 
  you can lose social support because of it . 
  there is violence against gays as well . 
  political arrestments etc. 
  the list can go on with other examples . 
  so i agree that your view is realistic and your criticism is accurate . 
   sorry if that offends you , but we either treat you as equals and call bad things bad , or we treat you as less and say `` they ai n't bad ... for muslims '' . 
  i find the latter far more insulting . 
  i 'd rather take the first approach as well . 
  my aim was not to avoid every criticism of turkey altogether . 
  it was to refute over-the-top ones . 
  the ones that are not in touch with reality . 
  so i can say keep criticizing my country in a fair way . 
  as some of us try to do the same inside . 
   also i 'm not against erdogan , i do n't give a shit about him . 
  what i 'm against is him giving lip to us . 
  what the duck is wrong with you people thinking your ministers have a right to make speeches in foreign countries ? 
   i did n't support any move made by turkish officials or immigrants in holland . 
  i actually think it was very stupid and uncivilized of them to behave the way they did . 
  i answered a direct insult to my country . 
  like the one made by my government officials to your country . 
  thank you for the compliment , dude . 
  i 'm new here so i did n't learn the tricks ignore trolls yet . 
  i just responded as i would in real life , 
  yes , but since mhp is supporting erdogan for quite some time now , i think they started to blend in with each other . 
  any source ? 
  because that 's just another thing i never read in turkish newspapers . 
  ( haha ), 
  yes , you are registered as muslim . 
  if you want to change that , you 're free to change it as `` christian '' , `` hindu '' , `` buddhist '' or `` none '' . 
  nobody sues you or kills you for that . 
  just do all the paperwork , you 're free . 
  but nobody does that because nobody cares . 
  it says muslim in my identity card and i do n't care . 
  that 's why there are polls about it . 
  because it does n't show the real numbers . 
   it is in islam , and turkey is 99,99 % muslim . 
  that is not the real number . 
  polls show % 95 . 
  and i am probably in that % 95 even though i 'm an atheist . 
  now , do you get it ? 
  i will not answer anymore , since i think it is clear to any sane person who reads all of these that you are either an idiot or a troll . 
   if you were to be gay in turkey , technically you should be treated equally in court , realistically speaking you 're lucky to even survive until they hold your trial . 
  you think it is illegal to be gay in turkey ? 
  never have seen lgbt protests in the news ? 
  we have tv personalities that are gay , and that are loved by some of the people who call themselves muslims . 
   turkey is 99,99 % muslim , islamic rules are applied , just not legally , which does n't matter because your entire legal system is a joke . 
  you clearly do n't know what an islamic rule is ... islamic prejudice and bias exists , but even it is a discussion to call those biases islamic . 
  because the turkish take on islam is very different than the arabian take . 
   stop pretending turkey is anything but a corrupt barbaric theocracy . 
  i never claimed my country is perfect . 
  never even claimed that individual freedoms are close to those of europeans . 
  you are the one who thinks turkey equals saudi arabia . 
  in addition , many of the islamic rules that europeans despise are unknown to turkish people . 
  or perceived as norms that do n't belong to the turkish people . 
  the vast majority is against polygamy for example . 
  some people even think that polygamy is not islamic . 
  why ? 
  because we do n't even know arabian . 
  so we do n't understand qur-an . 
  so everybody has a religion of his own . 
  so when you look at the number % 90 , you actually see a lot of different opinions about islam . 
  you clearly have zero knowledge about the country . 
  yes , there is corruption in the law system , but it is mostly about political crimes . 
  ( treason , journalism etc. ), 
  islamic rules are never applied on courts . 
  so hypothetically , if my father dies , i ( as a male ) and my sister will share the money equally . 
  and this is not what islam dictates . 
  it is actually a violation . 
  i personally do n't think women and men socially equal in turkey , but even in europe and usa , it is still a discussion whether they are or not . 
  we are relatively in a worse situation , but that is not the point . 
  the point is that turkey has never been a country where islamic rules have been applied . 
  but yes , the religion still has negative effects on society . 
  i can talk more . 
  i do n't feel the need to . 
  because i think you are the real deal , the troll master .
