yes , i realize that and it 's very shameful . 
  unfortunately , in the middle east , we still have blood hungry people on every side of political spectrum . 
  the radicalisation on turkish side did n't come out of anywhere either . 
  there is the trauma of ottoman empire , mixed up political situations , pkk violence inside western provinces . 
  that is similar to the kurdish side , assimilation , post-coup tortures ... 
  both sides need to be more tolerant , and not let aimless violent views to take over themselves . 
  having \u00d6calan 's books does n't make you a terrorist . 
  i did n't call anyone who somehow respects some of his views a terrorist either . 
  but knowing the methods he used for years ( this is the important part ) , and still giving complete support to him means having questionable morals . 
  or ignoring all his inhuman ways . 
  i do n't exactly know how ypg operates in syria . 
  there have been allegations of oppression against turkmens from turkish officials , but i do n't have any proof of that . 
  let 's consider that they are having a more respectable fighting methods in syria , does it purify their methods in turkey considering that these people are led by the same leaders in command ? 
  i simply would not want the kurdish part to be separated from turkey . 
  i would defend their right for them to speak their own language , be educated in that language , and freely call themselves kurdish . 
  but if they say no , we want to be separated , it 's ok for me . 
  but please find a leader that chooses better ways . 
  i have great respect for demirta\u015f or \u00d6nder . 
  but nobody can expect me to respect a man that aims to cause terror amongst regular people in turkey . 
  if you they are to be separated , they need a better leader . 
  that 's what i think . 
  i am mad because they are both defending tactics aiming to kill random citizens ( through validating \u00d6calan ) , that might one day be one of my friends/family members . 
  do you think i do n't have the right to condemn this ? 
  or be angry about it ? 
  if so , what would you say to anyone that defends isis ? 
  yet pkk and ypg share the same ideology , soldiers , leaders and of course eventually the mentality . 
  the positions they get to get into in different regions does n't change their shared logic . 
  is it because they 're operating in different countries or is it because they have different names ? 
  my main point is that the ideology does n't usually reflect the population in places like these . 
   rojava is far more left than western europe though . 
  ussr was also more left than europe . 
  does it mean anything ? 
  take ypg and pkk . 
  they use the methods invented by islamist terrorist groups . 
  is it really the role-model ideology now ? 
  it 's not a heavenly region even now . 
  imagine it becoming democratic . 
  turkey was a very secular country until the end of chp era . 
  we all know what went down after that . 
  the first years after a revolution there would be a unity under the political view of the dominant ideology of the rebels . 
  just wait until some other people also claim for power . 
  it is an easy guess considering the population . 
  i think they have the potential for a leader like erdo\u011fan on steroids . 
  they would n't go isis crazy . 
  it would just become `` lot worse than turkey '' . 
  then we can look at the world map and see a democracy scale from left to right , starting with western europe , ending in iran . 
  i already implicated that i do n't agree with former or current government program on the kurdish issue . 
  i love it when redditors talk about shit that has nothing to do with the original comment . 
  i checked and it does n't look on the main page of comments . 
  anyone who clicks to see the other comments would understand my intention . 
  i was just ranting since i found a brit who might understand my point of view . 
  not genocide , finding a common ground , even if it is complete seperation . 
  and i wrote the hypothetical situation according to that . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/62za5e/survey_should_turkey_stay_as_a_secular_state/?utm_content=full_comments&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage akp is not only getting religious votes . 
  they are also getting the votes that would otherwise go to a center-right party as some other polls suggests . 
  and they are also getting kurdish votes for religious reasons . 
  read the graphics in consideration . 
  edit : yeah i guess i remembered the 50 wrong . 
  when you think about akp votes in the region i guess it would come close though . 
  well , as a turkish , i just hope we do that . 
  ( find a common ground with them , and maybe seperation ) they are an economic burden . 
  they immigrate to western cities , have problems about integration . 
  apart from some nationalistic/racist history of the turks against kurds ( and that 's something we need to apologize about ) , we have been like parents to them . 
  dealing with their shit all the time . 
  there was a poll on r/europe that showed % 50 of support for sharia law amongst hdp supporters . 
  i really wonder what those kurdish socialists would do when their high ideals do n't match with the reality of their country . 
  like when there is a big kurdistan , and people do n't vote for left-wingers , i want to know how they will react . 
  lol . 
  exactly what i thought . 
  leave us alone . 
  all we want to do is not to hear the stupid conversations of the people around us . 
  the interpretation of the subject varies . 
  it was never fine until we let islamists into power . 
  as you oppress , you give the victimisation card . 
  ( also give them reasons to be more violent ) more important than that , you alienate them . 
  when you alienate people , your side 's propaganda fails automatically . 
  so , less people turn to your side as the gap between two people gets bigger . 
  these are some of the pragmatic problems of solving this with violence , if moral reasons are n't enough for you . 
  and to be honest we never let islamists into power . 
  some played victimization card and pandered religion to get the political power . 
  some smaller cults leaked into military and other governmental positions . 
  as for the pkk ; it started on 90 's . 
  with the effect of 80 's coup that alienated kurdish people and identity like never before . 
  before the coup kurdish socialists were not claiming independency as often . 
  a lot of them were even members of chp which is a kemalist party . 
  that gives another idea about violent oppression . 
  add the fact that kurdish people always cite dersim and \u015eeyh sayit riots to prove oppression against kurds . 
  in both those scenarios islamism were involved . 
  yet , it is necessary to point that out to prevent people from generalising the same level of bigotry to all muslims . 
  with the link i provided you can compare any country with each other and learn about what each level means . 
  you can compare maximum 3 countries at the same time . 
  try to compare neighboring countries or countries that had wars with each other for example . 
  it 's a lot of fun . 
  or add usa , some europian country or japan when comparing greece and turkey . 
  for turkey the closest culture is greece . 
  that 's what my teacher said at least . 
  \u0130t 's as close as the similarities between scandinavian countries . 
  this is how similar turks and greeks are according to cultural psychology ; http://m.imgur.com/ztbl0vj source ; https://geert-hofstede.com/countries.html, 
  especially in the parties where `` no '' answers are high . 
  this leads me think there might be people who have hidden their real opinion because of secularity supporting majority .
