   angela merkel 's open invitation to refugees , which saw more than a million people arrive over the past twelve months . 
  i do n't even know what to say . . are we still trying ? 
  is this like the amateur section on telegraph and i 'm just missing it ? 
  manage what ? 
  carry out deportations ? 
  what exactly ? 
  did n't know they had a membership thing but i only use it to check if i can watch something with a vpn anyways, 
  read the article, 
  read the article, 
  this being upvoted is quite ironic because it 's adressing most of you , making it about refugees . 
  in fact i 'm extremely certain there is no better example than the recent days on here to represent exactly what these women do n't want, 
  flixsearch.io although i bet it 'll take a couple days until they add all the new countries, 
  i see your point but you 're not gon na drive that one home with a public tracker . 
  do n't kid yourself, 
  beating the lazy worker stereotype with average hours worked feels like it just does n't work . . *** lazy worker *** never really felt like the stereotype was common here anyways though . . 
  i think i only heard a joke or two when greece had its initial crisis but that 's it . 
  guess we 're too busy making fun of the rest of germany , austria , poland and france, 
  i think it 's less about hitler still ruling germany but the germans still being the nazis and i do n't mean calling one a nazi as an insult ( horrible insult btw , nobody gets offended ) but genuinely believing it i wish i could say i had n't witnessed it once or twice before, 
  i dont know at what point people made the european union into something it 's not meant to be , at least not yet . . 
  it was created under the condition each country keep their sovereignity and not a single country would give any of that up for more unity , neither now nor a couple decades ago if we could , every country would handle the refugee crisis on their own but thats just not possible when they 're all ariving in just a handful of countries that happen to be across the ocean but anyways , how is the eu not liberal and unified anymore ? 
  because of a couple temporary border id checks ? 
   no one gets married red-pillers wet dream ? `  women are taught to view children as a burden can you go into this a little further ? 
  i just quickly googled for it and posted without confirming the content lol . . 
  i guess they do look pretty similar though, 
  no nye terrorism casualties , 
  you 're right but i 'm guessing he had the pegida-type right winger in mind, 
  her recent [ new years speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gcksfoupww ) perfectly reminded me of everything you two said somehow it works on me though, 
  https://i.imgur.com/nffxz7p.jpg https://i.imgur.com/tq7qosg.png https://i.imgur.com/ll9cvt6.jpg pretty much the entire / top list is filled with posts from recent months because the sub was featured and got that gif to r/all around the same time which attracted a lot of traffic for a while . 
  and with that traffic came the memes, 
  the video looks so 90s to me https://i.gyazo.com/560360bf658ad115457b239e2109c4a1.png damn right angie you tell em, 
  russia will have to react and address its economy cause it does n't look like sanctions and oil prices will develop in their favor anytime soon . 
  putin has reckless tendencies and given his track record i 'd bet he finds the reason for all their woes to be outside of russia the biggest yet resolution with countless compromises regarding the refugee crisis will be reached even if it takes the eu being on the brink of losing member states . 
  the speed at which tension is building is crazy and it just screams for some sort of final `` bang '' but i just do n't see the eu falling out over a problem that can be fixed poland will be the european drama queen of 2016 making it seem as if the country has only just become self aware in recent years and now has to prove something, 
  i 'm not good with law so someone who knows their shit correct me but i think it 's the same here in germany although the amount of weed you can get away with is different between the states and i think there 's no official number so people can never be sure they 'll get away with it . 
  and i 'm pretty sure the consumption of drugs is n't illegal in germany either . 
  i say all that because i 'm surprised that seems to be unnusual in europe . 
  is it ? 
  like eating a weed brownie thinking it 's a normal brownie , that ca n't be illegal right ? 
  you 're telling me they are n't all just germany 's vassal states ? 
  this sub lied to me, 
  i remember to me it just felt like putin could n't resist doing the exact opposite of what the us started doing , no matter how irrelevant it is to russia . 
  but i 'm not good with world politics so ... 
  does europe as a whole agree that assad should stay in power though ? 
  you 're either implying the guy above meant he just walks up to his friends and insults their new hair/shoes or that silence is a valid response to `` do you like my new shoes ? '', 
  it 's almost impressive . . 
  he made me read his shit 3 times and feel stupid until i realised none of it makes any sense , just sounds smart, 
  it 's a good sign for us when they circlejerk over the same bullshit they dont even believe in themselves every time because they ca n't come up with something better, 
  `` the court made clear which pictures the defendant would have to delete : any showing her naked , semi-naked or with her intimate areas exposed , in her underwear , or `` before , during , or after sexual intercourse . '' '', 
  if you really care about this topic , there 's more articles which go further into what kind of picture falls under this ruling but i suggest you start with the one op linked, 
  yea it makes sense now i just did n't know russia would commit that much into territory they just occupy, 
  yea but you could argue certain situations in the cold war would have warranted the use of nuclear weapons for the same reasons and therefore having plans for it is not as bad as it may seem . 
  i was just responding to the other guy saying people should be behind bars for these documents, 
  they followed through when nuking japan , nobody went to prison for that either, 
  ebay description of french assault rifles : `` never used , only dropped once '' why are there so many avenues in france ? 
  because the german troops do n't like marching in the sun why do french tanks have rearview mirrors ? 
  to let them have a view at the battlefront too, 
  `` the targets are referred to as dgzs or `` designated ground zeros . '' while many are industrial facilities , government buildings and the like , one for each city is simply designated `` population . '' '' i think we 're just really overestimating the blast radius of all 91 strikes . 
  some were apparently just big enough to take down specific buildings, 
  how does nuking east berlin to hurt russia make sense ? 
  maybe its just your printing machine, 
  yea i 'm really curious if i could spot my hometown when the threshold is 10k or if theres still way too many dots, 
  awesome how you can see the alps seperating italy . 
  although there still are quite some dots ontop of them . . 
  i 've always wondered what live is like up in the mountains , relatively secluded . 
  driving through them you see a lot of very small settlements and as a kid i was always wondering how it would 've been to grow up there . 
  it 's difficult to imagine, 
  tell me , when did germany force poland to take refugees ? 
   and now west seem to regret this whole thing . 
  this sentence literally within the same days of eu leaders saying nothing changes on the refugee crysis . 
  this is the rambling garbage that 's upvoted on / r/europe these days . 
  just throw in a little right wing and to the top you go, 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  why ? 
  the trend is important and says a lot, 
  and she 's got many more months to keep up that decline . 
  i can see the next election be 95 % immigration policy and we 'll have other personalities with many different ideas for the situation emerge in the future i like merkel going down , not because i 'm anti immigration , but because she made me feel like the topic is n't even up for debate . 
  debate is really what it needs, 
  so what 's the message of this ? 
  if it 's literally about their trip across the ocea , it does n't make sense if it 's about their time in the new country , it does n't make sense either, 
   when not drinking beer lol, 
  keep in mind the quote we 're talking about speaks of destabilization after the vote , not the actual brexit . 
  they wo n't leave the same day of the vote , they 'll plan it together with the eu so it goes smoothly none of that planning can prevent nervous investors from pulling out though, 
  do n't be ridiculous and look at the actual numbers . 
  it 's about taking your fair share of migrants , that what these quotas do , not keeping the herds outside of germany . 
  i do n't blame him for rejecting it but we dont have to make shit up, 
  yeah thats how i 'd say it in german but i think au sounds a little different in english . 
  more like ou, 
  that 's too long . 
  short and simple : sexit, 
  it makes sense to me in german but how would you actually pronounce that in english, 
  do you really have to go this pathetic route to make that point ? 
  we both know it was bullshit, 
  the government decides if it has interest after accessing the information , not before . 
  how exactly is your data of interest to an amateur hacker ? 
  arbitrarily hacking it would be a waste of time . 
  if you manage to download a logger onto your phone , encryption wo n't make a difference, 
  the government is the bigger threat of course . 
  even if you believe those evil hackers who hack into one of the biggest tech companies to steal your nudes are a bigger threat , think about what it means to store hundreds of thousands of keyphrases on big company servers . 
  the point of private encryption is that it happens offline if you 've got important information on your phone , do you think past time hackers are a bigger threat than surveillance agencies ? 
  that 's not weak encryption .
