  that 's entirely tossing away the point of encrypting in the first place . 
  why even bother at that point ? 
  and what do you think does weak encryption look like ? 
  it does n't really work that way . 
  they want a backdoor, 
  it makes sense in a world where picking the lesser evil means sucking up to assad . 
  we 're all aware what the alternative is , right ? 
  you know shit 's pretty bad when you even see americans on reddit arguing stability in the region is further away if you keep fighting for the rebels, 
  would you really want the eu to stoop down to this level ? 
  that is why it should be regulated, 
  huh i thought cameron was pretty controversial, 
  interesting video , thanks for the share there 's subtitles , btw , for anyone who has n't noticed, 
  merkel is changing how she 'll go down in the history books after a decade of being loved . 
  at this point she 's still fairly popular but she 's got enough time before the next elections to make it happen and it only gets worse by the day . 
  why do you feel the need to comment if you cant even bother reading the first sentence in the article, 
  he just posted this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs, 
  [ never gets old ] ( http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnn/2015/images/09/17/trumpfaces.gif ), 
  often i feel like it 's not that theyre `` controlled '' by the top but just inherently extremely biased on their own accord to the point where they talk down on anyone who dares have a different view than the one sided story reported in their articles i lost a lot of respect for some news sources over the whole reporting concerning refugees . 
  i 've read hostile sounding articles against anyone who doubts the refugee paradise described in them . 
  i 'm mostly appalled because i 'm not even anti refugee , yet still feel attacked, 
  still waiting for that moment on my bike when i 'm waiting at a red light and wo n't make it across during the first green light i know it will happen eventually, 
  i feel like it 's not really supposed to insult germany , after all the difference is a mere 0.4 hours a week and i believe they only picked it because the country is known for good work discipline and a strong economy, 
  so it did n't make french news like the article suggests ? 
  where 'd you want him to go to make you happy ? 
  options that did n't include life in prison/murder or extradition followed by prison/murder where limited, 
  so maybe you 'd wan na explain it so people could `` get it '' ? 
  but everyone told me they were all here for our sweet government euro, 
  much more exciting to jail two kids for tearing down a poster, 
  there are people who actually do n't understand hyperbole, 
  what did he say about the us society ? 
  to me it all seems to be about corporations and rogue agencies, 
  til we are so foreign we 're called * the foreigners *, 
  i played around with a vpn for a bit cause i have one anyways and it seems you only need the vpn on while opening the episode you want to watch then you can disable it and it should load the episode anyways . 
  although unfortunately when you go to the next episode you 'll need it on aswell i once tried watching a series that was only available in latin america only to find out the english audio was n't an option and neither were english subtitles, 
  yea i get that but theres no way it just switches to complete grey within a couple cm . 
  i mean theres got ta be something grey for it to even reflect and the entire sky will be red/black at that point, 
  unemployed ones, 
  that picture confuses me i mean sure there are waves going on further into the sea but it like completely loses the red touch out of nowhere, 
  http://usuncut.com/world/syrian-refugees-to-weapons/ i 've seen it in another article aswell but no idea how credible it is . 
  just realised the table says weapons sold , but maybe thats an error and it 's about exports combined so including military aid . 
  the article says `` the us has been spending nearly $ 1 billion a year in covert military assistance for rebel groups in syria , as well as spending $ 10 million a day on 6,550 airstrikes on isis , with 37 % of those strikes taking place in syria . '', 
  so yea , it sounds like that table is not about sales, 
  seems like it 's more of a jab at the [ practice of exporting arms ] ( http://cdn1.spiegel.de/images/image-432680-thumbflex-rblg.jpg ) to the entire world in general when you look at the [ numbers for countries like syria ] ( http://3p3mq242g5jc2ki76r3wi6fq.wpengine.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/refugeesandweapons.png ) [ largest recipients of german military exports ] ( http://www.dw.com/image/0,,16562526_401,00.png ) [ german military deployments and arms trade in the middle east ] ( https://www.thetrumpet.com/image/enlarge/10827 ) either that or it 's just extremely lazy edit : the first chart is from here http://usuncut.com/world/syrian-refugees-to-weapons/ and does seem to include military action of any sort , not just sold weapons as is states . 
  i know right , those evil syrian doctors, 
  sounds like it 's already allowed in every country except those named ( `` netherlands , slovenia and norway '' ), 
   my guess so you * are * guessing but still act like you could not be wrong ? 
  damn it 's more of a kick than just tripping them in the last clip, 
   credible news sources do n't exist, 
  i 'm curious how much of the world is n't dealing with any immigration worth mentioning . 
  that title sucks imo, 
  he 's an oil executive, 
  if you do n't mean 1 % then dont say 1 %, 
  youre really underestimating what 1 % of hundreds of millions is unless you think isis recruited over 5 million people, 
  yea , start with yourself . 
  something priceless about acting pretentious while responding to the actual wrong statement, 
  it 's like chosing the one you like the looks of most because they do n't represent ideologies , they 're all equally supposed to deliver justice according to the law , not their own ideas . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not worth it but i wouldnt know what the hell to base my choice on given these circumstances, 
   empty commercial property nice try though, 
  you think i should n't get to hear about whats going on in my country because you deem it `` racism inciting '' ? 
  and we would 've believed it too if it was n't for the russian clearing it up, 
  could you offer your solution to increase birth rates ? 
  there are more incentives than in most countries so i 'm really curious which magical one is missing, 
  how is the declining demographic in countries like germany a bullshit argument ? 
  it 's not about ridiculing people who are into something classic , not from this year , it 's about the often cliche pretentious way in which they present it . 
  nothing wrong with liking mozart , but you could just search the sub for his name and find countless pretentious social media kids i thought the concept of that sub was pretty obvious the first time you read anything on it . 
  they 're not making fun of people for liking the `` wrong '' thing, 
  i thought it was the whole nazi thing and the rest of our history, 
  nah you actually sounded very r/lewronggeneration in that earlier comment, 
  i 've heard pretty much the same thing , once from out law professor who said his time at an american uni was incredibly easy and then from a classmate who became like a top student without trying during an exchange year, 
  yeah they got ta be able to fund a lot of research with the massive tuitions theyre getting . 
  not sure if that 'd be worth the trade-off though , no free unis just to be ranked higher in something pretty much irelevant for my actual time at uni, 
  prisons are designed in a way that locking a criminal up still does n't harm one 's dignity . 
  putting them in cells too small and not providing required services/items therefore is illegal . 
  the phrase carries more importance than one might think , just because it 's a huge foundation for other laws/rules to build upon . 
  it 's of course still a very abstract term and the legislation/jurisdiction has to decide what is deemed within one 's dignity and what is n't but you wo n't find any punishment in the strafgesetzbuch that 's against human dignity by certain standards . 
  obvious example of what 's never gon na happen no matter what you did is the death sentence, 
  i do n't think i 've seen a single article mentioning how the whole thing is perceived locally . . 
  does the ruling party have a lot of support for what they 're doing ? 
  are people upset with the eu for trying to interfere ? 
  i 'm actually trying to imagine the scenario in which brexit is somehow blocked by a bunch of politicians . 
  the eu doesnt really want country that doesnt want to be part of it and the british people dont really wan na be part of it but the few men in the middle just say no so theyre stuck in this awkward situation, 
   leave the single market and stop immigration even then , the uk is gon na need replacement trade deals with its biggest trade partner entity , wherein the eu has the same leverage again, 
  big league *, 
  ca n't trust those scotts to copy paste quotes correctly, 
  i can see that but everytime i 've seen a report about this kinda thing the whole line looks tired and nobody seems to be talking or enjoying themselves, 
   large percentages mean very little when the base value is so low . 
  thats not a general rule at all , like you make it sound but i know what you mean . 
  the takeaway from this is n't about some massive total number of applications , its just about the increase . 
  ten times the people are applying than before the vote , i think that data has value enough and i mean you could always look at the situation over a ~ 3 year span , then you 've got your 1000 % increase on 20000, 
  we have zero information on what the people who did n't vote previously voted on this time . 
  could have just aswell been people going to vote just because they do n't want afd, 
   the boogeyman you were trained to fear from childhood do you mind going a little more in depth on this, 
   she might be with her also wanted on international level parents irodotou irodotos d.o.b. 
  11/10/1955 and irodotou nitsa d.o.b. 
  aww a criminal family on the run/hiding out together, 
  i can see my city from here, 
  given how elaborate these notes are i 'm actually surprised they produce for less than 10 cents per note, 
  hitler to germans in this century is about as foreign as trump is, 
  same here in bavaria, 
  this is kinda funny coming from an american seeing as less than an hour ago your government selectively blocked media from a media briefing .
