  they are fake opposition . 
  their leader attacks everybody in the parliament except vucic . 
  please no . 
  for people that are [ wondering ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2nzfjksk1k ) who beli is . 
  everyone knows about it , even the eu knows about it but they turn a blind eye which is annoying as hell . 
  most of the parties are pro-european . 
  `` you wo n't walk safe '' sounds like a threat . 
  wtf !, 
   not myself superior for being a normal person so you claim you do n't consider yourself superior , but you just called yourself `` a normal person '' , implying people who are religious are n't normal in some way ? 
  i 'm not religious . 
  but i will always defend the people 's right to belief ; just how i will always stand against people calling religion `` fairy-tales '' . 
  it 's a very weak way to belittle people 's choice to believe in something you personally do n't . 
   being religious makes a person at least a bit unintelligent . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  of course it does n't . 
  he likes to consider himself superior because he is an atheist . 
  people are religious for different reasons . 
  belonging to a religion does n't make you appear any less intelligent ; same reason why being an atheist does n't make you smarter or a better human being - even if many atheists would like to think so . 
  being religious is nothing to be ashamed of . 
  it was around 23 in belgrade only a few days ago . 
  you look pretty good even with the extra weight on . 
  what we 're hearing here is that macedonia 's government ca n't be formed unless they concede to albanian ultimatum to accuse serbia of genocide . 
  do you know anything about that ? 
  we really did n't get shit from it when you look at serbia today and what it was pre-ww1 . 
  we had kosovo and macedonia , now we have neither . 
   what is the difference at all between a montenegrin and a serb in that sense ? 
  one lives in montenegro , the other in serbia . 
   the average person does n't know that bosnia and herzegovina is different from the federation of bosnia and herzegovina , and that . 
  the average person does n't care whether bosnia and herzegovina is a federation . 
  do you really think someone who hears about bosnia will even remember whether it 's federation or not ? 
   the same jeremic who played chetnik songs promoting agression against bosnia ? 
  when did he do that ? 
   nikolic who was a chetnik duke ? 
  not a candidate . 
   vucic who swore that 100 bosniaks will die for every serb after you captured srebrenica ? 
  not the opposition . 
   curent presidential runers are all bragging about putin 's support for them . 
  not really . 
  when it comes to opposition , both jankovi\u0107 and jeremi\u0107 are reasonable guys . 
  well yes , but if the independence of kosovo was an illegal act and the majority of eu approves it , what does that say about the eu ? 
  if you can get serbian passport , you will probably get to have all the benefits of it . 
  i have no idea how it works or if it 's even possible for people from kosovo to get passports , but i heard something about it that it 's not difficult . 
   slovenia was fucking us the hardest . 
  why , though ? 
  closed one today too !, 
  spain , greece , slovakia , romania , cyprus do not recognise kosovo . 
  montenegro will definitely join before serbia because they are far ahead with chapters already . 
  however , i do n't see spain ever recognising kosovo because of their own problems . 
  it 's the same thing with china and russia ; they do n't do it out of love from their hearts , but because of their own problems . 
  yes , it 's serbia 's fault the refugee crisis ; we were one of the few countries which did not shut down borders , send an army or build walls . 
  not being able to properly manage all of the refugees surging in is n't our fault ; but we did far better than many eu states . 
   i really do n't see serbia joining without recognising kosovo . 
  is that ever really going to happen ? 
  i hope i 'm wrong , but it looks like a big barrier currently . 
  what if serbia joins , and there still remain countries in the eu which wo n't recognise it ? 
  for example , spain ; i do n't see them recognising kosovo any time soon , or ever , considering their own options in catalonia . 
  do n't take it all for granted - i 'm learning too , so i 'm confident that not all of it is correct !, 
  but regardless , i think that because of it , the text should be simple to read even for beginners ( like myself ) . 
  in my opinion , there wo n't be a time when the percentage will increase . 
  only case if that ever happens is if the eu does something about it . 
  serbia was the most pro-eu country in the world after the overthrow of milo\u0161evi\u0107 ; the approval was over 90 % , but years after years after with no progress and getting nowhere close to joining had put the people in the mindset of that the country is being treated the way of turkey - in other words , never happening . 
  now that the chapters are being finally opened and closed , a lot of people still think that joining the eu will never happen - and with recent case of brexit , the thought becomes more prevalent . 
  well , yes , but what 's the point ? 
  i see serbia as part of european union , but not as it is right now ; serbia , not the eu . 
  if we are joining the eu the way we are now , it 's nothing more than prostutition ; joining only for the money , which are more than likely going to end up in the politicians ' personal pockets . 
  it 's quite annoying how the eu turns a blind eye to the governments ' activities as long as they are doing their part to `` pushing '' the country towards eu . 
  serbia should join the eu as an equal member , and not as another country asking for handouts . 
  it 's humilliating . 
  yugoslavia was a mistake !, 
  no , i get you , but the guy you are responding to is n't serious . 
  he was being sarcastic by playing the stereotypical dumb american . 
  chrobatia = croatia . 
  both exist today . 
  look at all that coast !, 
  most people do n't know what double boot is . 
  most people prefer polished software on windows . 
  most people do n't want to have to deal with the command line . 
  do n't get me wrong - my main os is a linux distribution , but the majority of people will never use linux until it 's polished and easy to use as windows is . 
  computer or windows ? 
  this is one of the most brigaded threads i 've seen here in a while . 
  til . 
  i thought most us citizens would hear about serbia at least from learning history at school ( ww1 ) or through sports ( basketball , tennis ) . 
  we call them `` lu\u017ei\u010dki srbi '' . 
  school books are not counted . 
  you are forced to read literature in class , but you are n't forced to read it after you graduate . 
  that 's why the levels are low in turkey ; people do n't read books voluntarily . 
  a child about five or six years old is learning how math works , and how to write properly . 
  using them for political things is senseless . 
  if they were a teenager and understand whatever their parents are telling them , i 'd agree . 
  there 's a difference between a child waving a catalonia flag , and an independent catalonia flag . 
  probably not . 
  whatever happens between croatia and serbia which makes the news is only whenever the things turn too dry , and it gets to the point where politicians have to collect their points . 
  i hope to see this behavior stop soon , because it 's not only becoming boring , but also embarrassing . 
  well yes , you are right of course that we are seen as a threat by our neighbors ( not all of them however , only croatia and kosovo ) but i think that when compared that the last war we were in was in the 90s , we are n't close to whatever russia is doing in ukraine , or turkey is doing with their freefall into dictatorship . 
  every now and then , the ruling party gets desperate for political points come election , and they do something silly like when they sent that train to kosovo which was more humiliating than anything else , but they 'll be gone soon and hopefully we 'll be on a better path . 
  actually , i can see why you think this since you do n't live here , so i thought i 'd clarify a little bit . 
  when it comes to croatia , nobody even thinks about them . 
  every now and then , you hear something coming from across the border how they hate the serbs , and they hear something from us how we hate them , but the truth is we do n't really care . 
  obviously , the small % of nationalists do , but they are irrelevant and do n't hold any power . 
  when it comes to bosniaks , that 's more bosnia 's problem than ours , so it 's a serb problem , not serbia 's .
