what unstability was there in the last couple of years ? 
  if you know him , then you 'd also know that it 's highly possible that this whole thing was just orchestrated . 
  stop all eu negotiations on what grounds ? 
   i 'm not sure the majority does , although i could be wrong . 
  ca n't really underestimate nationalists these days . 
  : / considering what happened in britain and the us this year , the thought of somebody like \u0160e\u0161elj being elected president and winning the majority is frightening to say the least . 
  can you imagine the world if hitler had won ? 
  compared to wiping out an entire race , yeah it 's much better . 
  how can stalin be compared with hitler ? 
  stalin survived the war , did awful things and the world carried on . 
  if hitler won , my people would n't exist today , and many others . 
  they are incomparable . 
  all of balkans , really . 
  we are more and more falling to history revisionism lately . 
  from `` ottomans were n't that bad '' to `` stalin was worse than hitler '' . 
  we have subtitles , but we do n't have dubbing ( serbian voices over original english ones ) . 
  i think it has to do with germany dubbing their shows , compared to other countries which do n't . 
  it 's the same thing with france - their average level of english is really bad , but i also think that it 's partly due to the classes not being really good . 
  do n't make the same mistake as most americans do , by thinking that all germans speak english . 
  a lot of them are awful at it , and when i say a lot i really mean a lot , speaking german is expected . 
  if you have n't already , start your classes now . 
  well , here 's the problem when it comes to elections : a lot of people are very stupid . 
  it happened with brexit , and there 's no reason why it would n't happen with the us . 
  whenever it 's election time in serbia , i always remember that your average citizen is very , very stupid which is why i stopped stressing over these kinds of things . 
  if this is the end of nato , then it 's perfect time for eu to strengthen . 
  serbia has always been pretty into china , though . 
  i actually have no idea if he speaks it or not , but i thought it was hilarious how similar they looked like . 
  to give you some more context , the show he was starring in is mostly satire mocking the current politicians in serbia and the situation in balkans , it 's pretty good stuff !, 
  is serbia the first country in europe to remove visa requirements with china ? 
  serbian actor sergej trifunovi\u0107 has done a quite well [ impression ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kmossw3jay ) of him a while ago . 
  this is like the fourth or fifth day of protests all across serbia . 
  over 30k people . 
  and guess what ? 
  no media reports it . 
  this is upvoted nine times . 
  can i also write bullshit and you people eat it up with upvotes ? 
  i would n't say that there was n't a good candidate , compared to perhaps the awful job the opposition did to rile people up and go to vote . 
  right now , everyone thinks that every politician is the same , so nobody goes out to vote . 
  now , add that with the fact that the leading party are crooks who steal votes and manipulate media , and they will stay in power for a long time . 
  erdogan congratulated him , like one former prime minister to president to another . 
  even the refugees from syria got their voting lists !, 
  there were over ten thousand people protesting . 
  hopefully we will continue doing so . 
  there 's been three good choices . 
  top choice scored somewhere around 20 % i believe , but what 's frustrating is that people like to whine how bad it is to live here , but when they have the chance to finally make a change , they ca n't be bothered to leave their houses and go to vote . 
  there 's really no excuse for this other than being lazy , and i ca n't be bothered to live or try to fix a country which is filled with such people . 
  i mean , it was like 26 c yesterday , so they ca n't even use shitty weather as an excuse !, 
  he 's going to win a second mandate , and then he is going to return to the position of prime minister . 
  so we 're probably looking at more than a decade of his rule . 
  i 'm tired , angry , and disappointed . 
  there 's nothing that can convince me anymore to stay in this country . 
  we had one opportunity to get rid of the dictator , and half of the people could n't even be bothered to go out and vote , while more than 50 % voted for him . 
  democracy is a joke . 
  and before someone from northern countries comes up and starts crying how i say that because my candidate did n't win , your whole perception of reality is entirely different from someone who lives in this part of europe . 
  now i know how russians and turks feel . 
  sasa jankovic has highest chances of winning , followed by jeremic and then radulovic , but who knows , you ca n't really trust the polls either . 
  getting to the second round is the most important thing , and i think it 's more possible now because we have a satirical candidate who will raise the turnout in young adults at least . 
  we already went through two dictatorships !, 
  there are plenty of people to choose from . 
  sasa radulovic ( new guy on the scene ) , vuk jeremic ( great background ) , sasa jankovic ( former ombudsman who resigned in order to candidate , meanwhile vucic refused to ) . 
  it 's bullshit !, 
  you support corrupt trash by saying the country is doing great and that it 's on the right road , visit that corrupt trash and give it pat on the back even though you know that it 's trash . 
  have you ever visited croatia and or serbia ? 
  you mean behind the candidates ? 
  take a look [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/615fu0/all_you_need_to_know_about_upcoming_serbian/ ) . 
  why ? 
  it takes only little to learn and you get to read in it , assuming you speak serbian . 
  it also allows you to understand some written russian . 
  he is popular with the uneducated , the old , and the bad . 
  there was literally a guy on this subreddit a few days ago who was bragging that he works in law and is going to vote for him , because that way he gets to keep his job . 
  if you look at some videos from the other candidates , the people ask whether they or their children will get employed if they give them their votes . 
  it 's pathetic and it fucking sucks !, 
  he actually included that in his promo video but it got taken down because it was homophobic . 
  we 've been in the lighter version of dictatorship for a while now , if he wins then we are pretty much fucked . 
   i really do n't think germany is `` against '' serbia . 
  if anything they have showed repeatedly support for serbia 's eu ascension . 
  germany is n't against serbia of course , but they support vucic who makes life here hell . 
  but hey , in ten years we will get into eu even if it means living under dictatorship in the meanwhile where some people barely make it day by day . 
  do you think it 's possible to open and close all chapters in 3 years ? 
  and in a decade , scotland will join the eu . 
  because he wants another five years , and his popularity is dropping . 
  as president , he can appoint a pawn to be the pm and essentially have absolute rule . 
  and you are bosniak diaspora , so you are biased as hell . 
  find something more interesting to do . 
  it literally takes a second to put soap on your hands . 
  even if he is stealing votes from everyone else , it does n't matter because he is probably not stealing a lot compared to the votes he 's getting from people who would n't vote at all . 
  [ meanwhile in netherlands ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0-oym7ahw7q ), 
  everyone is honest . 
  you are just dirty . 
  he 's stealing away votes from vucic , so i would n't say so . 
  yeah , right . 
  it 's always the big patriots living abroad who vote for the idiots and skew the elections . 
  vuk jeremic ? 
  cedomir is vucic 's pawn btw . 
  vucic has the votes from rural serbs , old people and the uneducated . 
  jankovic and jeremic have the votes from the educated , the people who are tired of the current regime , the young people , and the intelligentsia . 
  seselj has the votes of the insane . 
  obradovic has votes from nationalists , and radulovic has the votes from his political movement and others . 
   the radicals will side with vucic , no ? 
  of course .
