  kosovars is a different story entirely , but i think overall serbia should n't be compared to turkey or russia . 
  we are n't invading anyone , nor are we powerful to do that , nor would we want to . 
  serbia did n't do a good job with kosovo , that 's true . 
  we could have done much more , and if we had better government , maybe kosovo would n't have declared independence . 
  who knows . 
  but it 's silly to compare what happened in the last couple of decades to being centuries under ottoman tyranny . 
  i support kosovo 's independence as long as the serbian minority there is protected , or the northern part is rejoined with serbia . 
  i really do n't care about these sorts of things as they are just keeping our countries backwards . 
  however , kosovo was n't independent in ww2 , it was just eaten up by the albanian and italian fascists while the serbs were prosecuted from all sides . 
  comparing serbia 's rule over kosovo with ottoman rule of the balkans is pretty humiliating , first to yourself foremost , and then to everyone else who reads your post . 
  there is no proof that albanians are illyrians , only speculations . 
  first time albania 's state was recorded was in 1190 . 
  that is fact . 
  you claiming to be illyrian is fiction until proven otherwise . 
  yes , it 's very unbecoming . 
  there 's nothing good about forcing your children into your own ideas and opinions about politics . 
  yugoslavia was one of the last socialist republics in europe , with serbia being always pretty close with russia . 
  making a base next to serbia in the middle of the balkans is more than just being nice to the albanians because they care about them . 
  it was a strategic choice . 
  i think it depends on how you look at it . 
  would you be fine giving 25 % of your land to russia , because the russians want to become a part of russia instead of continuing to be a part of estonia ? 
  or let 's say , they feel threatened under estonia and want their own country . 
  you give that to them , but then they wish to merge with russia . 
  would that be fine with estonians ? 
  because it would n't be supported by other countries , it would be plain annexation of another country 's territory . 
  this way , they at least have an excuse through being two different countries , even if the end goal for some nationalists is for the countries to be united . 
  it will never happen however . 
  i personally do n't care about kosovo , i think it 's more trouble than it 's worth to try and keep it under serbia , especially when over 90 % of the population are against it . 
  i support splitting it , the small northern part with serb majority should be returned to serbia , in exchange of full independence support ( not annexation by albania ) . 
  happy birthday basketball bros !, 
  i wonder what will happen with belgrade waterfront once the ruling party loses the elections !, 
  with all the problems serbia has , they are building a massive glass-tower in the middle of the capital instead of using the money elsewhere , or at least renovating everything which cries desperately for it for years now !, 
  nobody i know calls bosniaks `` turks '' . 
  people who do are probably the ultranationalists who make a very small minority and you can find them in every country . 
  i do n't think you are completely right . 
  your average serbian citizen does n't care about turkey . 
  yes , we dislike ottomans , but ottomans are n't equal to modern day turks . 
  it 's important that people remember that . 
  i ca n't judge turkish people because i have n't met any , and judging them only based by stereotypes is n't the brightest thing to do . 
  if anything , i hope to visit turkey one day , istanbul especially . 
  mayor of belgrade 's corruption after his ex-wife confessed about all of his schemes to the press . 
  it 's been going on for a while now , hopefully he will get sacked soon , but hopefully even better the whole ruling party will get sacked in the upcoming elections ( not likely but one can hope and dream ) . 
  thanks romania , and what is interesting about today is that there is a planned protest in belgrade around the afternoon ; so who knows , nobody can guess , but we might be seeing a bucharest , most likely not today , but a scenario in the future hopefully still . 
  thanks albro !, 
  thank you from [ nikola joki\u0107 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ljxsqlaqzvk ) !, 
  but your post makes it sound like all of we is fine with immigration , which is n't the case . 
  britain literally left the eu because of it . 
   lovable lol, 
  nikolic is the president , not prime minister , and he 's out of the office come next presidental election . 
  yes , well , we survived worse dictators so it does n't matter , nobody 's rule lasts forever . 
  for what it 's worth , kolinda is still a babe . 
  arguing with croatia ? 
  you know , the whole sad thing is that none of it matters . 
  nobody cares about any arguments with croatia , it 's all irrelevant , there will be something on television when it 's time to distract us from this or that , nobody is going to believe it except him or her , then a day or two will pass , nobody will remember it again , then another political play will be shown on television , his voters will eat it up , and it 's how it 's always going to be , for years on ahead , there is really no hope in this cultural and political degradation , we 're all just drowning in shame and hopelessness , it 's how we 're all living our lives . 
  yeah , so let 's all just suck it up and eat garbage while paying the same price and getting less !, 
  < - australia < - turkey, 
  serbia and albania maybe , but unlikely for macedonia because of the naming dispute with greece unless it gets fixed . 
  i think it 's gon na be something like this : montenegro < - serbia < - albania < - macedonia < - kosovo < - bosnia, 
   that country is sure to block all negotiations over the other 's accession agreement was signed where there would n't be any blockade possible . 
  serbia is opening and closing chapters already , so we 'll probably join before them , with or after montenegro . 
  cyprus ? 
   a little bit of ambition i do n't know ... she managed to become the first woman , and gay one at that , prime minister of an eastern european country . 
  i think that 's pretty ambitious . 
  ireland beat us only by a few hours . 
  are we the first slavic/eastern european country to have a gay prime minister ? 
  it will be interesting to see whether there will be an increase in chinese tourists coming to serbia now , when serbia 's the only country in europe which chinese can visit visa-free . 
  same goes the other way around ; i 'm liking my serbian passport lately quite a lot . 
  what the fuck does serbia have to do with this ? 
   serbian sick ideology of a greater serbia is very alive today in what world do you live in ? 
  nobody cares really . 
  yes , i live here and he is right . 
   kosova 's serbs are subject of serbian still nacionalist govrnment ' you think this , but the current government is probably the one that will erase kosovo from constitution and declare it independent . 
  it 's not that uncommon tbh . 
  no , no , and no . 
  perfectly fine with european cinema . 
  [ i better cover the ears of our children so they do n't have to hear that ... ] ( http://images2.kurir.rs/slika-620x419/vucic-sige-zagubica-foto-tanjug-zoran-zestic-1474892999-999265.jpg ), 
  [ wow , look at miss `` suddenly i have standards '' over here ... ] ( http://www.nspm.rs/images/stories/0a0/1/1/2/1435259121_fonet%20vucic.jpg ), 
  [ do n't describe our love as cringey , croatia !, 
  did our moments together mean nothing to you ? 
  [ how could you forget the moment we had ? 
  ] ( http://www.index.hr/images2/kolindavucicmosthina.jpg ), 
  [ croatia , my darling , here i am . 
  ] ( http://images.kurir.rs/slika-620x910/aleksadnar-vucic-kolinda-grabar-susret-most-foto-beta-domagoj-opacak-1466419079-933279.jpg ), 
   what you think might be true does n't really matter when there are a large number of studies that show the opposite to be true . 
  of course it matters , why would n't i be able to disagree with studies which use school model of learning a language as a point of reference ? 
   have concluded that one year of ** esperanto in school ** , ** which produces an ability equivalent to what the average pupil reaches with european national languages after six to seven years of study ** , improves the ability of the pupil to learn a target language when compared to pupils who spent the entire time learning the target language . 
  if they 're basing what the average pupil learns in school from other european languages , then i do n't think it 's a very good study considering most people learn absolutely nothing in school when it comes to foreign languages ; in the lines of why french people speak english so badly , and many more across the world . 
  school lessons are simply not very good when it comes to learning languages ; but what about self-study ? 
  if you have your own plan to study german for example , i do n't see how it would be faster to spend a year of your life on another language first . 
   why do you assume you would n't enjoy learning esperanto ? 
  i personally would enjoy learning esperanto , but i think that majority of people learn a foreign language for a different reason ; i 'd love to know several languages one day , so esperanto sounds good to me , but to the average joe who wants to learn german so he can move to germany soon and start speaking it as soon as possible , a year of esperanto is not feasible . 
  yes , but why spend a year on esperanto instead of spending a year on german when it 's much quicker to learn , not only because of the time you 'd put into it , but also because it 's a language which you 'd actually enjoy learning - compared to esperanto , which you are only hearing about for the first time now . 
   you 'll know more german after the 4 years then if you only studied german for 4 years . 
  this does n't sound very believable . 
  it 's almost as ridiculous as proposing someone to learn esperanto as a gateaway to other languages . 
  just learn the language you are interested in instead of learning another language before that one , and that one , and that one ... 
  do n't bother arguing on this subreddit with those words . 
  i did the exact same thing last time a thread like this popped , and i got downvoted and bashed by baltic people who seem to think that being exterminated is equal to being abused by soviets for a few decades . 
  so fucking stupid . 
  they survived and they are doing well today , but if the nazis won , you and i would n't exist , nor our countries or our race .
