i made a point about this recently in a conversation . 
  you can not blame your actions on someone else . 
  how you respond to someone 's injustices is totally up to you . 
  if i were an innocent muslim civilian and had my family killed by the us during the most recent iraqi war , i should not blame saddam hussein nor al-qaeda for the us 's response to terrorism . 
  the same goes for the attacks on 9/11 . 
  i can not specifically remember what actions osama bin-laden used to justify those attacks , but the same logic goes here . 
  should the us blame itself for the extreme actions of that particular organization ? 
  revenge and justice are both motives for a lot of the violence humans have inflicted upon ourselves since the dawn of time . 
  i do believe in self-defense , but lets make sure that we remember that the motives of someones violent act that goes beyond anything but self-defense is not something that should always put the blame on . 
  this could be expanded upon many different scenarios and would require a more diligent written formal paper , but i think my point is made . 
  okay , please excuse the late respone . 
  this is a short version as i do n't want to write too much . 
  preface - this is n't going to go into too much of the objectivity and more focus on perspective and anecdotal experience . 
  america is great as there is so much variety . 
  it 's a huge country that you can pretty much live however you decide to . 
  want to live in super urban new york city ? 
  want to live in the quite literal middle of no where ? 
  beach ? 
  farm ? 
  its all very easy to pack up and move . 
  this extends to consumer choices too . 
  from gas-guzzling muscle cars to small electric cars , have your pic . 
  most guns are available to pretty much everybody if that tickles your fancy . 
  you can expand on this as much as you like . 
  on europe - i love the culture , the history and wide variety of people you can meet there . 
  i went to rome and met people from all over the world in a very festival like experience . 
  the society did n't appear to be as work-focussed as the us is but celebrated more communal activities . 
  concerning the environment , it has a lot of variety as we 're talking about a huge continent , just not as easily accessible as the wide variety of economic fluctuations plus moving to another country is n't that easy as moving from one state to another . 
  for example , i 'm not sure i 'd want to move to greece given the economic problems and we do n't see as much disparity between attractive places although there is definately some in the us , it 's all bound by federal government which is pretty wealthy . 
  hence more security in general . 
  i should mention that there are state budgets and they definately are different from state to state ... but they do n't depend on those for essential military security and whatnot . 
  more on europe , the historical places were really awesome and adds something really significant to the atmosphere . 
  sex is n't taboo in many parts of europe , they celebrate it more often rather than rather than trying to shame us for natural desires . 
  while there is a lot of sex in american pop-culture , it does n't feel as natural and more of a gimic but that may just be me talkin ( again , this is perspective based . ), 
  i enjoyed hearing more languages as well . 
  french , english , spanish , and many others can be heard in many places ( although i 'm sure this might create an issue ) . 
  politics is n't so 2 dimensional as it is here . 
  anyways , i think i 've written enough for now haha . 
  please excuse the terrible grammar and overall terrible structure . 
  i could write about this quite a bit as i 've been to europe a few times and generally have an appreciation for both continents . 
  i 'm on mobile and did n't sleep last night ( its 10:30 am ) so perhaps after i take a nap i 'll elaborate . 
  so that explains why russia 's economy is in the dumps . 
   this is a terrible joke and i feel bad . 
  i 'm not misogynistic and well aware that gender has no effect on economics nor business success/failure . 
  you can use semantics all you want , we know damn well he was n't complaining about canadians coming across the border . 
  that 's the thing about trump that sort of appeals to me despite my disdain for his policies on mexicans and muslims . 
  the gop has been repeating the same rhetoric for so long and few politicians ever break the mold , although ron paul was probably the closest thing to acknowledging that not everyone that 's conservative is supportive of going to war and rebuilding nations , a very costly and damaging policy not to mention the lives sacrificed on both sides . 
  there are plenty of layers of liberals and differences of opinions among the party but that was n't nearly as apparent within the gop although it does exist . 
  it appeared that they were against obama for sake of being against him rather than standing behind principals . 
  you know , as an independent center-left kind of guy , trumps nationalist ideals typically derive a high level of disgust from me . 
  his stances with mexico and banning muslims from entering the country are particularly troublesome in my opinion . 
  however , i know there are checks and balances within congress and he wo n't be able to do any of those things . 
  it is a shear political tactic to get more voters just like most politicians do , they promise things they ca n't or wo n't do in order to get elected . 
  i see his allure particularly among conservatives who have this cognitive dissonance going on where they hate the political establishment particularly after the disastrous bush presidency . 
  even the democrats went that way by electing a new senator to the white house , hardly one of the old guard . 
  all that being said , has much as i do n't like him , there is something to be said about calling out the illogical same-ole same-ole that comes from gop candidates . 
  they are often way too afraid to state their own opinion for fear of the political repercussions and many people , including myself as i could see myself voting conservative , ca n't stand them for that fact . 
  many democrats say the same thing , does n't mean they are a beacon of intelligence and rationality . 
  the only reason this is getting attention is because he 's conservative and actually says something that has some logic although cause and effect along with politics within the middle east is a really rough subject , i 'd imagine you 'd have to be pretty damn knowledgeable of the situation to make this argument . 
  all i see is a happened then b happened , thus a caused b. 
  not to mention he was a hardcore birther . 
  i think its already launched less that was a different one i was watching earlier that happened to be in japan . 
  i can assure you i would n't have gotten into nearly as much trouble here in alabama if i had shown support for the taliban right after 9/11 . 
  i 'd have lost a few friends , maybe gotten in a fight or two , but nothing to the magnitude described in this link like having police harassing and threatening me . 
  i 'd also like to mention that he is n't necessarily siding with the `` enemy '' . 
  there are plenty of people that are against the policies of how the us handled the war with iraq and afghanistan but are far from siding with the governments and terrorist that were/are on the opposition . 
  edit - re-read and saw he wore an ukrainian flag . 
  i suppose that would negate my second paragraph depending on what you consider support . 
  i saw some special or documentary on london 's sewage issues that was eye opening and stomach churning to say the least . 
  someone should make a horror movie or book with it as the environment . 
  i get your point ; however , i think a proven record in politics or the military speak a lot more than a website does . 
  politicians are notorious for not pulling through with what they say they are going to do . 
  the only way to hold them accountable is by looking at their record . 
  he does n't have a record other than his business which is like saying you 're good at basketball thus you must be good at baseball . 
  yep , i can see the supreme court appointment being the biggest problem . 
  russia i 'm sure is celebrating which always scares me so that 's a close second . 
  uncertainty . 
  i do n't have any clue what trump is going to do . 
  i have nothing to go on but his speeches . 
  politicians lie to get in office all the time . 
  however , they usually have either a military history or voting record . 
  we do n't have either in this case . 
  hell , we do n't even have his tax returns . 
  that said , he appears to be isolationist and americans are a little hands off after the debacle in iraq and lybia , he wo n't be able to do anything too crazy , at least i hope . 
  we shall see in the coming years . 
  this is going to be interesting . 
  i would add more but i 'm tired and typing on phone in bed . 
  reminds me of the poland ball comic where russia replies to every accusation with ` but the us did this ! ', 
  hence avoiding any accountability every time someone critiques russia . 
  i 'd put my money on satire . 
  he 's mimicing the way he talk . 
  although i admit i 've seen some trumptards do the same but were pretty sincere , albeit they were n't nearly as obvious and were just trying talk on their level . 
  i 've had this far out notion that terrorist want trump to become president so he 'll destroy the us , but i have no proof of this . 
  making note of this for next for next time i 'm in the area eh . 
  i would definitely use caution when joking like that . 
  commenting to save . 
  excellent post, 
  i read pyramid of auschwitz a couple times but knew that was n't logical heh . 
  who else had to read the word austerlitz a couple times before understanding it was n't what came in mind first ? 
  or do n't tip .
