  we had something like this in my city , some crazy bastard was shooting cars here . 
  [ it 's really fucking weird ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoenix_freeway_shootings ), 
  maybe . . it just seems super unlikely to me ... it would likely be terrible for us-canadian relations but like you said a lot can change in decades, 
  damn we beat the ukrainians, 
  eh seems unlikely to me , i 've never met a canadian that wanted to join the us politically . 
  i think something major would have t change first, 
  a union and an alliance are very different ... not really comparable imo, 
  ah sorry , no this was in argentina when i was studying there, 
  whether its mandatory or not does n't matter , it 's just the smart thing to do . 
  in my opinion , if they are n't willing to listen for warnings on a frequency that they know turkey will be using , then they do n't have the right to bitch when their pilot gets wasted for getting too close . 
  better than your disgusting nordic brethren eating it with goddamned ketchup . 
  i honestly ca n't understand that , its so nasty ... like people do that in the us but they usually look like [ this ] ( http://www.dbillings.com/redneck/redneck1.jpg ) and are quarantined, 
  how about `` nato did nothing wrong '', 
  well there are people who do believe in it , hilariously the best place i got empanadas in buenos aires was plastered with bullshit falklands propaganda , and the maps in our spanish books had them listed as a part of argentina . 
  but generally you 're right , in my personal experience most people did n't give a fuck or were concerned with veterans of the war , they did n't really care about the islands . 
  bolshoye spacibo tovarisch, 
  how about `` you speak mexican really well '' ? 
  half of donetsk and half of lugansk are under rebel control and therefore still represent a loss for ukraine . 
  can you find a us government report stating that ? 
  i would very much like to read it, 
  thanks, 
  it was deleted , what did it say ? 
  that does n't change the fact that the southwest is growing very fast and people are moving in droves from places like the northeast and midwest to live here , people are tired of the snow ( although funny enough i ca n't get enough of it , i really need to move ) . 
  it is n't worthless desert and its definitely habitable , especially with ac . 
  you have plenty of decent sized cities like phoenix , tucson , el paso , las vegas etc. 
  plus you have mexican cities in the desert like ciudad juarez ( population 1.3 million ) . 
  i 'm not trying to say that the desert is perfectly fine to live in without any modern appliances , just that it certainly is n't worthless desert and that it 's going to keep growing in population . 
  now , how ours compares to the australian desert ? 
  i do n't know , i 've never been there, 
  the american southwest is the fastest growing part of the country and is n't any less populated than the midwest, 
  just read the dresden files if you want to read about an american wizard shooting vampires and blowing up builindings, 
  huh , you 're right . 
  i do n't know why i thought they had succeeded, 
  i believe they 're referencing the beheading in london of a uk servicemember, 
  i though that bridges were made out of many other materials that do succumb to heat . 
  of course , i 'm basing this purely on the fact that shit breaks way sooner than its supposed to in my backyard and not on any basis of fact, 
  damn that 's cool . 
  nice post !, 
  syria , scotland , they both start with s 's, 
  but not all russian citizens are ethnic russians , and it 's possible that this guy was a tatar or chechen or dagestani of russian citizenship . 
  it does n't really change anything from a western perspective but i think it makes a difference from a russian one, 
  west germany had a pretty good sized military force , unified germany creating a sizeable force would be good thing for the world imo, 
  anything behind the iron curtain was eastern europe to the us . 
  it 's a political term , not a geographic one though i can see how it might be annoying for some people, 
  it was literally used like that in my textbooks when i studied in buenos aires , referring clearly only to the us . 
  although i agree , i wish we had better relations with our southern neighbors , i loved visiting argentina, 
  and in spanish it refers exclusively to the us , well at least in argentina . 
  i always found it funny that some people got upset at us for calling our country america but then they are perfectly fine with referring to us as los norteamericanos like canada does n't exist, 
  it 's fucking populism . 
  at a time when we should be strengthening the trans-atlantic alliance he wants to fucking weaken it and that fucking moron bannon wants to undermine the eu . 
  people do n't learn anything about nato or modern us relations with our friends in europe in school , most people are woefully uneducated and do n't even know that that germany sent thousands of troops and supporting personnel to help us in afghanistan after we called in article 5 . 
  bannon is a fucking piece of shit , and they 're all a bunch of goddamned morons . 
  a stronger europe is good for america , it means you guys do n't need our help with the russians and we can focus more on asia . 
  nah the government will get there in time . 
  they 've been clearing out a lot of pockets and freeing up a lot of troops . 
  it will probably take a few years and they 'll fucking burn it to the ground , but i do n't see the rebels being able to resist when they 're facing not just the saa but irgc backed forces , hezbollah , and the russian air force , and possibly an influx of iranian supported iraqis once isis is defeated from iraq . 
  however , in this war anything is possible and who knows , maybe something will happen to completely change the dynamics on the battlefield , or maybe the rebels will be able to serve as pkk-like insurgency and resurface at a later point in time . 
  yeah it 's definitely a challenge , but every building has ac , no business can refuse anyone water , and while heat sucks it does n't impede traffic or stop anyone from going anywhere . 
  june , july , and august suck , but september and may are bearable , and october-april are quite nice so a lot of people figure it 's worth suffering through the summer to escape the cold and the snow and the rain . 
  plus there 's no humidity and few mosquitoes , and no natural disasters like tornadoes or hurricanes or earthquakes, 
  i live in phoenix , arizona . 
  it 's a nice city , and tbh i could drive up to the mountains for snow , but i 'm tired of constant sunshine and no changes during the seasons . 
  winter and spring are great here , winter is incredibly mild and our spring is like a pleasant summer , but out summers see temperatures pass 45c often , and it will reach 50c in microclimates and sometimes over the entire fucking city . 
  and it does n't rain hardly at all from may to the middle of july , shit sometimes it literally wo n't rain once in all that time, 
  it fucking sucks , all of march is about 25-30c where i live and all i want is a real winter with snow :(, 
   the americans * the republicans plenty of americans are happy with the deal or think it is the best we were going to get without serious violence . 
  thanks , 
  `` dear girls , congratulations from the heart . 
  wishes of happiness and joy '' my russian is n't that great so please correct me , 
  i love seeing how many europeans are defending my country in this comment chain . 
  fuck this visa bullshit , i wish more of you guys would come here and i wish it was cheaper for me to visit europe . 
  more communication and contact between the eu and us would make the world a better place, 
  feels bad does n't it ? 
  it fucking kills me to see the way he treats our friends ... hopefully dems kill in the elections next year and stonewall his orange ass, 
  a bigger european military presence means that we can redirect resources to asia . 
  while it would result in less influence in europe , we still have similar interests and those are unlikely to change anytime soon, 
  i used to pass a windfarm near palm springs in california every summer going to my uncle 's house and i always looked forward to seeing them , they were cool as fuck !, 
  it 's hard to say because there 's no evidence , but the theory goes that the `` celebrity commanders '' so to speak were more of a liability for the russians than an asset , and that they were hard to control and acted counter to russian interests so they got whacked . 
  no idea if its true but it sounds plausible to me , i just do n't think the ukrainians are good enough to kill this many seps, 
   he 's warning about zombie-marxist `` university liberals '' coming to destroy `` american values '' , which sounds remarkably like a mcarthyist scare story . 
  well the soviets recruited some of their best spies from us and british campuses , like the [ cambridge five ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cambridge_five ) so that 's probably why he 's speaking about that . 
  but i agree with you , there 's nothing marxist about this and its fucking shocking how many people i know dismiss trump 's weakness on russia despite the fact that they would crucificy him if here were a democrat . 
  people like that are who trump should be deporting, 
  fair enough . 
  i agree that ground troops are absolutely necessary for taking and holding ground , and that even without one isis has performed incredibly well . 
  but thanks addition of russian support saved the ssa just as the coalition has saved the ypg/sdf . 
  without that intervention isis would have a terrifying amount of power, 
   you do realize what has happened in iraq and syria in the past years ? 
  the rebel forces were winning until russia intervened with their airpower . 
  you 're right that you need ground forces to win wars , but airpower is such a massive force multiplier that you ca n't ignore it . 
  look at kobane if you want an example of airpower completely changing the dynamics of a battle , and now the sdf is at the gates of tabqa , and will move on raqqa soon . 
  or look at erbil , which certainly would have fallen without american intervention . 
  or look at the iraq wars , and how saddam military was annihilated from above . 
  of course sams and air defenses can mitigate this power , like in ukraine , but they are n't a perfect defense and only raise costs , which sometimes is n't enough to deter the enemy . 
  the germans and japanese shot down thousands of allied fighters and bombers with aa , and they still lost entire cities and an enormous amount of people to bombing runs . 
  irrelevance more than anything . 
  they do n't want to be sidelined and pushed aside by the eu , us , and china . 
  their leadership knows that time is running out for them , russia does n't have the population or economy to compete with the west or with china , and their economic and demographic situations seem to be taking a turn for the worse . 
  they fear that a loss of relative power will make them subject to the whims of others , which tbh is probably true . 
  what do you consider hot ?
