  i clearly am of american descent honored friend, 
  but dude , this means it 'll be harder for you to become a witcher, 
  and depending on where you live there 's a good chance someone , or a group of someones , will kick the shit out of you, 
  it was started because people were worried about communist subversion of american youth . 
  i agree that its silly and as a kid no one really gave a shit , we always said the pledge as funny as we could . 
  i always tried my best to sound like a cheesy 80 's action hero , and i 'm one of the most patriotic people i know . 
  yeah keeping some sucker tied down in asia usually works fine, 
  poland ? 
  there were a lot of good reasons - first and foremost being that regime change was not our mission and that it would fracture the impressive coalition that he had built . 
  additionally , he wanted to a avoid a shitshow and reconstruction , and to avoid exactly what transpired after 2003 . 
  and lastly , he wanted to keep saddam in power as a counterweight to iran , to limit their influence and keep them tied down and focusing on multiple enemies . 
  today , much of iraq is under their influence instead of being their enemy, 
  does n't always work ... 
  did n't save bush senior against clinton, 
  and we pissed all of that goodwill away, 
  additionally we could just shift the same amount of resources to the pacific . 
  it 's a major win for us imo, 
  i work retail part time to pay for beer , 
  come to arizona , i occasionally get people who only speak spanish at work , and then i get to practice !, 
  no we 'd just kill all of the separatists and watch the russians whine about it . 
  we even got rid of all that terrible architecture in dresden , and we did n't even charge them !, 
  it 's technically a different organisation , which surprised me too when i found out . 
  it just carried the same name, 
   by a stubborn and combative republican party . 
  and his own party , do n't forget the divisions between him and clinton 's faction regarding syria and libya . 
  how is obama a neo-con ? 
  hey there 's a couple good ones !, 
  in the us russians are known as being super tough and able to outdrink anyone ( that 's either good or bad depending on who your with , in my group it would be a good thing ) . 
  and russian women are absolutely beautiful and incredibly well dressed . 
  it triggers me because of eu4 . 
  fucking french bastards, 
  not really . 
  no one gives a fuck about her , in 2012 she got half a million votes while gary johnson got 1.2 million . 
  she 'll take some votes from hillary but not enough to actually affect the election, 
  uh the soviets were plenty involved in south america , africa and asia ... 
  but the germans could in ww1, 
  rumor has it that they had to launch it early because erdo was close to discovering it . 
  remember that he spent the last decade neutering the militarys power, 
  fuck yeah i 'd fight for europe . 
  i feel like , and i think many americans also feel this way , europeans are our brothers , our family in a way that other parts of the world are n't . 
  we 're all lumped together as `` the west '' for a reason , right ? 
  or maybe i 've had too much wine tonight and am getting idealistic , idk, 
  yeah but russia built that wall themselves . 
  the us ' shitty treatment of cuba is what led them to spurn us and move toward the soviets , likewise russia treating eastern europe like shit for 60 years led to them joining nato as soon as they could . 
  russia dug it 's own hole and is responsible for the expansion of nato , just as the us was responsible for cuba 's move towards the ussr, 
  the us was never obligated to defend ukraine 's borders . 
  actually [ read ] ( http://www.cfr.org/nonproliferation-arms-control-and-disarmament/budapest-memorandums-security-assurances-1994/p32484 ) the budapest memorandum , it just states the us , uk and russia wo n't attack ukraine , will respect its territorial integrity , and will meet in the unsc about ukraine , all of which the us did . 
  [ you are retard ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=flwd60hpk4i ), 
  everything i 've read about gign suggests they are a really solid group of people , real professional and very good at what they do . 
  i 'm glad that france can rely on them in times like this, 
  eh it 's cheaper to just buy a filter . 
  our tap water is safe to drink but it 's hard water and it does n't taste very good, 
  yup , and i believe a lot of it comes from the salt and colorado rivers as well as snowmelt from out mountains , but i have n't really researched whether pool and drinking water comes from the same source . 
  it was n't supposed to be this big , people just kept moving here !, 
  but remember that from october to may it 's really , really nice here and that our shitty weather does n't blow your house down like tornados or trap your car like snow . 
  plus every building has ac and many have pools so it 's a lot more bearable than it looks, 
  it regularly gets over 45 here in phx , occasionally it hits 50 . 
  i hate summer, 
  calling someone a rapist murderer and posting shopped pictures on facebook is not libel or a threat, 
  he 's being an asshat , but that should n't be illegal . 
  freedom of expression means the freedom to be a cunt , and any infringement of that sets a dangerous precedent imo . 
  he photoshopped a grotesque picture and called the guy some names , who gives a fuck ? 
  what harm did he cause ? 
  what if he really believes in what he 's saying ? 
  what if he wanted to make a political statement by using shocking words and shocking pictures ? 
  what if someone does a similar photoshop as a joke ? 
  should they too go to jail ? 
   by now they must have bombed just about everything worth bombing in is territory . 
  it has n't solved the problem , has it ? 
  they 've hit every static target that is a part of isis 's infrastructure and have killed a shitload of their best commanders and governmental leaders . 
  the problem is that you ca n't hit a lot of targets without causing detrimental damage to the very civilians we aim to rescue from is , ie hitting a training center for the `` cubs of the caliphate '' might deprive them of troops but it will anger the locals in a counterproductive manner , and thats not even considering the ethical complications of hitting such a target . 
  additionally , the aerial bombardments are only one component of a military campaign , and forces on the ground , like the isf , sdf , and peshmerga , must be well trained and motivated in order to enter hellholes that have been booby trapped to hell and are populated by insane fanatics willing to fight until death . 
  airstrikes are definitely helping dismantle the caliphate , but they are not a magic solution to political , social , and economic problems and they are only a tool that can keep isis from harnessing military strength and holding territory -- they will not address the root causes of this epidemic and other solutuions must be enacted in order to actually win this war . 
  but they will allow our allies on the ground to take back their cities , like the isf have done in fallujah , ramadi , baiji , and the sdf has done in hasakah , kobani , and are currently attempting to do in manbij . 
  nah , nato would just be the us , eu , canada , and countries like norway ( and soon the uk ) who are in nato but not the eu . 
  they 're both great languages with a fantastic world of literature that you would enjoy to explore . 
  spanish should be much easier for you but russian is just a cool language and its fun to speak , so maybe just buy some basic language software and learn it on the side, 
  spanish is way fucking easier than russian , but russian is just so much fun to speak !, 
  the words are so different than english , it 's just fun to practice, 
  definitely not true , mexicans are the shit and your women are gorgeous . 
  plus like the other guy said you 've had a fucking massive cultural effect on america , i could n't imagine the us without its mexican spice . 
  the only problem is that i 've seen as many fucked up videos from mexico as from syria , and while i know intellectually that i 'd be safe and while i love practicing my spanish , i still have n't been . 
  you guys have an insane amount of potential tho , you could actually become pretty powerful if you got your shit together, 
  you got ta say pretty please with sugar on top, 
  what the fuck , i can actually sort of understand this . 
  eu becomes atlantica union , absorbs canada and mexico and develops into a hyperpower, 
  yeah , / r/syriancivilwar has its problems , but the mods are pretty good and theres a lot of great posts on the situation there, 
  yeah but the ussr offered to join as a means of neutering the alliance . 
  of course , they knew that they would n't be accepted , they just wanted to say `` look at nato they do n't want peace ! '', 
  i understand the sentiment , and from my lazy 5 min research it does n't appear that this is a big deal anyways , but my philosophy is that the best way to prevent a war is to prepare for one . 
  the tougher you are the less attractive as a target you will be , and if the nato partners show that they have one another 's backs it significantly increases this effect . 
  now i do n't think we should be fucking with russia for shits and giggles , but you guys and other nato powers are a black sea country and have every right to defend your share how you see fit, 
  you ca n't be neutral and in nato at the same time . 
   do you really think you know more about which sport is popular in russia ? 
  whoops missed the last part , but i was referring to a game based off of the [ show ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czidj0g8bkg ) , not an actual samurai game, 
  that 's basically afro samurai : the game and i would play the fucking shit out of that, 
  we literally did lol, 
  same in latin america , they even use `` norteamericanos '' to talk about the us, 
  and spanish girls are so cute , maybe i 've just been really lucky but every time i come across them they 're gorgeous,
