  they just got really fucked up in al-hawl and sinjar , and before that they 've been steadily losing territory across northern syria and they lost baiji and are besieged in ramadi , fallujah , and else where . 
  the sdf now control most of hasakah governate and the isf is getting stronger . 
  on top of that they 've failed to take mara despite reportedly using chemical weapons and recently got beaten by the saa in kuweires airbase . 
  their supply lines are getting fucked up , they get raided by the us every now and then and thousands are dying from airstrikes . 
  why not wear a swedish flag shirt or something like that ? 
  i realize that it might not be as culturally normal as in the us to show pride in your country but i doubt that anyone would give you shit for it, 
  he 's still a soldier of an entity that holds territory and operates a governing administration , and he was actively involved in murdering hostages . 
  he 's a 100 % legit target to light up . 
  capturing him would have been preferable but it would have been stupid not to kill him when we had the chance . 
  oh god , i 'm studying in buenos aires and i think i gave half of the elderly population heart attacks . 
  so many sweet old ladies on the street asking me if i was cold because it was `` winter '' and i was just wearing a tshirt, 
  all of the university students here speak pretty good english , but the older generations do n't speak it at all . 
  it 's sort of annoying because i want to practice my spanish but everyone my age speaks english almost as well or better than i speak spanish, 
  meh lets see their militiamen piss off everyone first before we make that claim, 
  or when he scalps them there natsis, 
  or california, 
  dude that would make us ( the royal united states of great britain and north america ) the most powerful force in the eu ... think of the butthurt that would cause . 
  i say we do it, 
  i still ca n't fucking believe he said that, 
  sure both countries are doing fantastic . 
  but they benefit from being surrounded by stronger countries like france and germany and being under the protection of the us . 
  they exist geographically in a very safe environment and as part of or de facto protected by the most powerful alliance in the history of mankind . 
  but norway and switzerland also have resources and influence , through economic and cultural means . 
  think of how many people look up to norway as an example of properly applied liberal government , that 's a power all in its own way . 
  i 'm not saying that a country needs hundreds of thousands of troops and a handful of aircraft carriers to be happy and successful . 
  what i 'm saying is that global influence ( whether it be cultural , political , economic , or militaristic ) allows a country to leverage its resources in order to achieve its aims . 
  in what way ? 
  yeah but when you lose the strength to lead you lose the ability to get what you want . 
  less global influence ultimately translates into less money for the people at home, 
  source ? 
  i could use some optimism, 
  everything i 've read concerning us soldiers opinion of the poles was `` they 're really fucking good '', 
  you 're right , the us should have just invaded japan , lost hundreds of thousands of men , maybe more , and slaughtered millions of japanese in brutal house to house fighting that would have paralleled the viciousness of the eastern front between the nazis and red army . 
  that would have been a better solution, 
  ah , i misinterpreted your comment as implying that there were no legitimate targets in the city . 
  disregard my comment, 
   `` enemy combatants '' there 's a massive battle going on in kunduz right now , there 's a large number of obvious taliban fighters there and the situation is pretty damn tense . 
  the us has a very legitimate reason to be supporting the afghan government in this fight , and i 'd rather not see a repeat of mosul , ramadi , fallujah etc with a different setting and the taliban standing in for isis . 
  there 's no need to put enemy combatants in parentheses . 
  let 's do it just to piss russia off, 
  yup , never even considered that the eu would have an anthem , idk why, 
  til the eu has an anthem, 
  they 're dropping bombs out of the back of helicopters onto populated areas controlled by the rebels . 
  they are not trying to hit convoys or command centers , they 're trying to instill fear on their enemy and the populace that supports them and they obviously do n't give a fuck about the people living there . 
  there are ways to drop dumb bombs with actual accuracy , but kicking them out the back of helicopters is n't one of them, 
  taking classes in argentina is weird because all the acronyms are fucked up . 
  oas becomes oea , etc, 
  perhaps . 
  it just unfortunate because as shitty as trump and clinton were , johnson and stein are complete fucking idiots . 
  i 'd love to see a viable third party though , and its clear that many americans are looking for some kind of change in the system, 
  me too man, 
  atlantic union with us and canada ? 
  and towards china , which will be very interesting, 
  i fully agree , and his weakness towards nato was one of the many reasons i did n't vote for him . 
  i hope that he is n't as weak on defending our allies as it would appear and that his talk was bluster to go against clinton . 
  no they wo n't it depends on how their states voted and when their next elections are . 
  many senators are completely secure for 6 years now !, 
  they can tell trump to go fuck himself as much as they want and not worry about elections for quite a while, 
  for that to happen we 'd need viable 3rd parties ... libertarians and the green party are fucking worse than republicans and democrats ... 
  i 'm hoping the republicans will split though, 
  trump was playing up the idea that people do n't respect the us and take us for granted , hopefully he 's not serious about it, 
  i think it will depend heavily on the circumstances - what the us forces look like in the region , what experience china has militarily and whether or not they have something to prove or a message to send . 
  the taiwanese also have a vote - the phillipines is n't anti-american , their economy is just shitty and they have a terrible drug and violence problem , duterte never ran on anti-american slogans . 
  taiwans economy is in better shape and their military is stronger as well , though time will determine if it stays that way . 
  predicting the future is tough - perhaps trump will get elected and run our alliances into the ground , dividing our allies and losing influence . 
  perhaps our allies will set aside their vast amounts of differences and grow closer , or perhaps we 'll all grow closer ( lol we can dream ca n't we ? ), 
  do n't be so sure of that . 
  china 's force projection isnt strong enough to crack that nut , not yet . 
  they still need to beef up their navy and airforce to make defending taiwan too costly for us . 
  and neither presidential candidate will be soft on china, 
  thanks to spanish i mostly understand that , but i ca n't understand shit when i listen to french , how funny . 
  maybe i 'll learn it one day, 
  shit :(, 
  if we give it back will you guys write a nice song about us ? 
  i guess viktor yanukovich is american approved too , since paul manafort advised him, 
  trump is n't labeled as a puppet because of the fact that he `` wants to get along with a major power '' , obviously the obama administration did too , but events in ukraine have made that untenable for the moment . 
  trump is getting shit for claiming that we should n't protect weaker members of nato because they do n't pay their fair share , for hiring advisers with heavy connections to victor yanukovich and gazprom , and for [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjpgfjzheeo ) . 
  i love the people , i 'm learning the language , and i find the culture to be absolutely fascinating . 
  but their interests are directly opposed with those of our own and our european allies , especially those in eastern europe . 
  trump is n't a puppet , but he is uninformed and he is a useful idiot who will damage important alliances and lead to our rivals gaining strength at our expense . 
  as for the russians being behind the emails , the fbi is who suspects them of that . 
  it is n't definitive but i sure as hell buy it , especially given all of the crazy subversive shit that the soviets and russians have done to us and europe in the past . 
  republicans are pissed , i live in arizona and grew up as one , my family is republican and many of friends are/were . 
  and i do n't know a single fucking person that actually likes trump . 
  i know some people who are voting for him because they hate hillary clinton , but they are n't voting for trump as much as voting against clinton . 
  arizona might go blue this year , the polls are close and that sure as hell says something about republicans switching sides or refraining from voting, 
  when i speak of intervention , i mean things like training rebels , funding them , arming them with better weapons , increased political protection for the saudis and turks , possibly engaging jordan to restart the southern front , and things like that . 
  it wo n't be anything that will immediately alleviate the suffering of the people or end the war , it will simply balance out the russian and iranian interventions and reverse some of the gains made in the past year by the saa . 
  i agree with you about ukraine though, 
  wing turbines are fucking cool though . 
  as a kid i 'd drive through the town of palm springs to visit my uncle , and they have a fuckibg huge number of windmills there , and i always thought they were the coolest thing ever, 
  clinton was one of the main backers of the libyan affair and she leads a block that favors much heavier intervention in syria . 
  she 'll likely loosen the leash on the saudis and let them play hardball in syria . 
  regarding ukraine it 's tough to say , she probably wo n't do anything different in that theater but it 's tough to say . 
  honestly i think she 'll overdo it , that she 'll actually go too far and harm american interests by letting these groups get too powerful , but that remains to be seen . 
  but i fully expect a clinton victory to result in a large escalation in syria, 
  dude people are fucking livid about it here . 
  i know longtime republicans who are voting for clinton partly because of this . 
  and she 's going to be much , much more aggressive than obama, 
  good,
