yeah it would definitely make some people uncomfortable , but the us and eu are very close and the us has extremely close relationships with several eu states . 
  we have a lot of common interests , common values and common history . 
  we would certainly be more competitive but i do n't think that 's a bad thing, 
  nah , that stuff is legit getting wrecked . 
  you can watch the videos on liveleak of houthi atgms chewing through it, 
  no that 's why you sell them in cali, 
  and grossly incompetent . 
  it 's weird as fuck seeing their us equipment get destroyed in yemen, 
  you would be too if you were putin . 
  if the eu ever truly unifies they 'll be significantly stronger than russia , they 'll be a second superpower allied with the first . 
  if the eu ever becomes a proper country it 'll be a legit superpower on par with the us . 
  imagine a world with two extremely close superpowers sharing values and common ties , i think it 'd be good for everyone, 
  it is, 
  they definitely are . 
  the cartels have killed tens of thousands in recent years , they 're godawfully violent and brutal and sadistic , look up the san fernando massacres, 
  look up the cartels on liveleak . 
  look up the san fernando massacres in mexico . 
  the cartels are fucking awful, 
  because they often saved the lives of nato soldiers . 
  this is an anecdote but from talking with us troops the interpreters served a very important role and should n't be left behind to suffer for helping us out . 
  yea they were paid well , for a shit area living in shit conditions and will always have to fear reprisals . 
  in my opinion they constitute allies , and its fucked up to leave your allies behind especially if they want to join your society and contribute to it, 
  a fucking men . 
  nothing worse than abandoning an ally, 
  thats fine but it does n't do shit for the discussion . 
  calling someone a cunt instead of addressing why they 're being ignorant just appears baselessly hostile and adds nothing of value , it just creates the potential for a thread to devolve into shittalking, 
  woa there , no need to be so hostile to someone just because they share a different opinion than you do, 
  true , but it still exists and people are dying , and have died in large numbers in the past . 
  there is literally a war in turkey against the pkk ... tens of thousands of people have died in that conflict, 
  only if you count irish americans, 
  lol good luck with that , we have 11 million illegal immigrants in this country already . 
  i 'm pleasantly surprised that we 're taking in 10,000, 
  why ? 
  they 're very well integrated here in the us, 
  does n't look like it . 
  it 's labelled as theirs on all the maps and everything too , but at leat they have no illusions about being able to take them by force again . 
  it 's very interesting to talk to students at my university who have family that fought in the war or that have family in the military, 
  currently am in argentina , its hilarious they put your islands on their money, 
  there are literally tens of thousands of russian soldiers on the border and in crimea . 
  the separatists have hundreds of tanks and are very well armed with artillery and anti-air and currently have no economy , meaning that they need russia to continue to bankroll them . 
  russia needs to keep that presence there to ensure that they can intervene if the ukrainians gain the upper hand like they did last august . 
  additionally , what is putin going to do in syria that 's going to be game changing ? 
  right now the syrian government is losing dozens of tanks and armored vehicles every month , is putin going to replace them ? 
  is he going to send in tens of thousands of ground troops ? 
  the russians have been supporting assad from the very beginning , right now they have advisers and intelligence officials , and likely special operations forces in syria . 
  perhaps the rumors of russia establishing an air base will be true , and then the russians will conduct air strikes on behalf of the syrian government . 
  that would be a great help , but it is n't going to win the war for assad . 
  the saa is fucking incompetent , they waste men and material and are subject to ridiculous amounts of infighting . 
  they will never win as long as they use tanks like singular mobile pillboxes or conduct foolish assaults on land they should instead be retreating from . 
  russia is occupied with a much more serious threat in ukraine than in syria , and they need to have enough strength in that theater to rapidly react to any negative developments that might threaten the dnr or lnr . 
  russia is n't doing nearly enough to offset the losses assad has sustained and is involved in a country named ukraine , maybe you 've heard of it ? 
  the majority of agms used by the rebels are those that have been captured from the retreating assad units who are notorious incompetent at leaving behind massive weapons caches for nusra , isis , etc. 
  tows are given to few groups but are required to be filmed by the cia so they show up more prominently . 
  the overwhelming majority of anti-tank weapons in this conflict are russian . 
  if the us pulled all support today assad would still be in a hard situation . 
  having said that i also wish that the us would stop funding these groups . 
  most will never be our friends and those that are tend to be far too weak to make a significant difference . 
  no , it 's not . 
  nusra and the other islamists have been making massive gains this year including the city of idlib , and the southern front continues to fight in dara . 
  there are many more evils in this war than just assad and isis, 
  nusra and friends have a pretty good shot at winning as well , right now its too hard to tell . 
  but sadly you 're right , syria 's going to be fucked up for at least another decade , probably longer, 
  putin is n't doing nearly enough to offset government losses and is occupied with ukraine, 
  only if we are , 
  so are we , its viewed as mocking a segment of society , not all of us . 
  lol we have 11 million illegal immigrants with hundreds of people dying in the deserts every year . 
  we definitely did n't solve our problem and the poor guatemalans , salvadorans , and other central americans are being treated goddamned awfully by the coyotes smuggling them over . 
  heh you sound like an american, 
  assad 's been losing ground all year and is bleeding tanks and armor like there 's no tomorrow , what makes you think he 's going to win the war ? 
  the us has 11 million illegal immigrants ... we know what 's it like to have immigration issues and while there are large differences between the two situations we do have empathy for our european friends , as well as the poor bastards trying to escape hell . 
  it 's just a shit situation all around, 
  plenty of jobs in the military where you do n't have to deal with that, 
  yup , i agree with you 100 %, 
  eh depends on the thread in / r/europe . 
  anything about us domestic issues is usually anti-us or at least critical , but anything about nato or russia seems to be well received, 
   because anyone can be an american bingo . 
  the most patriotic people ( and easily the most hardworking and productive citizens of this country ) are recent immigrants who are thankful to be in the us and to be considered americans, 
  the us sent 400,000 jeeps to the soviet union and enough food for millions of men , as well as thousands of tanks , planes , and many of the rail cars in their trains . 
  lend lease was fucking huge, 
  it usually correlates to being uneducated in the us because ( as i understand it ) schools are funded by local taxes which , in poor areas , are n't enough . 
  hahahahahah like britain , france , and germany are n't all as ass deep in surveillance as we are . 
  i think they 're making a joke about ukraine, 
  nemtsov estimated that 220 russians died before he got capped , his figures make sense as that would put russian forces at nearly a tenth of all dnr/lnr deaths, 
  me too man , me too, 
  it 's not about what nato gains , it 's about what nato 's leaders * think * they could gain and what russia 's leaders think nato could gain . 
  it 's all about perception , not truth , because the people in charge act on how they see the world , not how it might actually be . 
  personally , i believe that there is nothing to gained by a nato invasion of russia , but many believe nato is trying to isolate russia , deteriorate its power , and render it vulnerable and incapable of defending itself . 
  some believe that nato wants to impose `` degenerate '' western values onto russia such as homosexual marriage or that they want to exploit russia for its natural resources . 
  while these concerns may seem silly to those of us living in the west , i can understand how they might seem like a legitimate threat if i were sitting on the other side of the most powerful military alliance ever formed in the entirety of human history . 
  that 's just how immigrants are , it 'll disappear in a few generations . 
  there used to be bubbles like this filled with italians , poles , germans , etc in the us , but after a while they assimilate into the larger fabric of society . 
  we have many spanish speaking enclaves today of cubans , mexicans , etc and yet in my experience living in a border state these people tend to try very hard to work , learn the language , and assimilate , and after a generation or two they are assimilated . 
   they probably took all the money of the refugees and willingly let them die in the truck by suffocation ( a horrible death ) . 
  happens all the time to latin american immigrants trying to reach the us . 
  fucking coyotes are the fucking worst , they 'll leave people in shacks in the goddamn desert in 50 degrees celsius after raping and robbing them, 
  russia is a afraid of capability , not intent . 
  at the moment , nato is far more capable than russia and the russians can never be sure what nato 's members want . 
  it makes sense from a realist point of view , which seems to be what the russians subscribe to, 
  jessica jones in a few months !!, 
  why not ?
