  they helped us in iraq and afghanistan, 
  you could use dutch flowers !, 
  [ the best way to track the decline of the ruble ] ( http://www.ruszen.ru/ ) nsfw, 
  yeah someone posted a video on / r/ukrainianconflict of a bunch of explosions and shit going off in the distance , this fucking conflict is awful for civilians , the amount of displaced peoples is fucking deplorable . 
  regardless of the side you take , you have to feel bad for the people, 
  yeah there 's been quite a few predictions of a renewed offensive by the rebels that never really materialized , so i 'm quite skeptical that it 'll go that far . 
  however , tensions do seem to be quite a bit higher than in the past few months , and the amount of rumors flowing around are making me a bit uneasy . 
  there is n't a single cause , the us acts differently all around the world and people hate us for a large variety of reasons , some justified some not . 
  regardless , it 's fucking irresponsible to neglect the safety of our embassies and consulates, 
  gad to see we 're still popular somewhere, 
  yeah once you become a state , * you can never leave us *, 
  damn that sounds awesome . 
  i need to visit europe, 
  yeah literally every building has ac , and companies are required to give water to people that ask because in the summer it 'll hit 115 + and not get below the 85 at night . 
  most people have a pool too , and you can comfortably swim for large parts of the year even without heating the pool up . 
  the good thing about phx is that it 's a 5 hour drive from san diego or la , and a 4 hour one from las vegas or mexico . 
  and if you just want to beat the heat its a 3 hour trip up into the mountains where its heavily forested and 40 degrees cooler . 
  i 'd love to visit the netherlands , i expect great things from your beer, 
  well most june july and august , with parts of september are god awful . 
  but the rest of the year is fucking beautiful . 
  in late september when its 100 degrees but with no humidity , its actually pretty nice out . 
  and our winters are ridiculously mild , its in the 70 's and 60 's with lows in the 50 's and 40 's . 
  if you do n't have a job that required you to be outside alot , the summer is n't too bad and the amazing winter weather more than makes up for it for most people . 
  personally i hate it though , i like the cold and want to live somewhere with 4 real seasons, 
  amen, 
  can confirm , life is awful from june-september, 
  ah , an arizona summer day, 
  hahahhah those assholes should spend a summer in phoenix , they 'd change their tune real quick, 
  i agree , ukraine 's troops look much better equipped than they did last summer , so hopefully they 'll be in a better position to defend mariupol . 
  so in addition to saying that i 'm an italian , i can claim to speak french too ? 
  stalin is such a fascinating character to me . 
  it 's incredible that he was able to maneuver so well politically and yet was utterly ruled by his own paranoia . 
  i 'm reading a book right now based on the mitrokhin files and its fucking crazy how many conspiracies stalin and the leadership of the nkvd legitimately believed . 
  they almost threw away some of the cambridge five ( incredibly highly placed agents in british government ) because they did n't have many reports of the brits trying to spy on the ussr ... which was because the brits were fully engaged and focused on the nazis at the time, 
  they also completely ignored all sensible intelligence suggesting that the germans were going to invade, 
  yup !, 
  i did n't really ahve a point to my comment , i just thought it was fascinating how soviet intelligence prioritized spying on those damn bourgeois capitalists than the aggressive fascists building up their militaries . 
  that the soviets subsequently stole from us because they were a thousand times better at setting up illegal residencies in the us/britain than nazi germany, 
  a unified nato , as a country , could literally do anything it wanted, 
   are you sure it will ? 
  what if some unidentified armed rebels stage an insurgency ? 
  are you really sure that all nato members will decide to defend a country that is so far away and is known so little ? 
  hell yeah we would . 
  some unidentified rebels would get slaughtered like lambs against nato , it is n't like russian can send a couple hundred tanks and a few thousand men into the baltics like they its donbass . 
  we 'd start bombing them immediately, 
  look at the date m8, 
  but then how will you teach them to shoot ? 
  yeah but they also become brittle as fuck here in 50c degree desert . . a lot of the south and southwest is really fucking hot , and the northern us us also pretty damn cold too . 
  russia should be far richer than it is , with its massive resources and educated population , it is n't the climate that keeps it down, 
  well generally i 'd say it certainly helped when they did outnumber their enemies but often us victories are the result of a variety of other factors, 
  did what work for the us ? 
  outnumbering our enemies ? 
  eh they have some seriously good equipment and a core of well trained troops . 
  they ca n't compete with nato or the us individually but they 're still the second strongest military on the planet and they 've done a good job reinventing themselves since the shitshow of the 90 's, 
  not anymore though , us alone outnumbers russia 2-1 , and our population is growing . 
  the eu outnumbers them 3-1, 
  there was one thing that was sort of unexpected ... 
  i mean the foreshadowing for the attempt of said event was there but the outcome is different than i would have thought, 
  it 's also because they see the world through a different lens , if you watch russian media and see it as the truth then of course you 're going to agree with the russian point of view even though it seems ridiculous to us in the west . 
  same reason so many americans were fooled into supporting the iraq invasion , we believed what was told despite the fact that it was n't reality and demonized our european allies who tried to tell us otherwise, 
  not us expenditures on nato , which is only for the protection of europe and largely funded by the us, 
  we got u fam, 
  india buying 36 rafales does n't in any way shape or form mean that they are n't equivalent to russian 4th gen multi-role fighter  yup , if you think that ` ts europe contribution you 're delusional . 
  feel free to provide sources otherwise, 
  how does the rafale not have any equivalent ... it 's a 4th generation fighter that the russians certainly have their own versions of . 
  libya is relevant because despite the fact that it is right next door you had to rely quite heavily on american logistics , and even ran low on munitions against a country who had no real defenses against you . 
  despite the fact that the europeans were supposed to lead the effort , the us had to take way more action than we wanted , which is what obama was stalking about when he was speaking of european `` free-riders ''  i gave you a version of a long range bomber that is relevant in 2016 , do what you want with it . 
  you gave me a multirole fighter and a cargo plane , neither of which can be used for strategic bombing . 
  those are n't long range bombers , i 'm speaking about equivalents to us b-2s , b-1s , b-52s or russian tu-22s , tu-98s , and tu-160s . 
  the rafale is a great aircraft , but its a multi-role fighter , not a strategic bomber . 
  do n't get me wrong , europe has impressive military capabilities and a definite edge over the russians in many areas , but underestimating the russians is dangerous and arrogant , especially considering the lessons from libya . 
  long range dedicated bombers, 
  when did i mention goodwill ? 
  it 's no secret that the us would rather move many of its forces to asia from europe , the pivot to asia has been talked about extensively and if europe realized it 's potential you guys would have a military as powerful as our own . 
  honestly we 'd rather you build up your military capabilities so that we could move more forces to asia . 
  but drop gay porn instead , the russian live gay porn, 
  maybe that 's because the eu treats them better than the russians/soviets did ? 
  the difference is that poland * wants * to be a part of the eu , whereas previously they were conquered and forced to be a part of russia . 
  also , who are you to tell the polish guy what is better for his country ? 
  that 's like me saying kurdistan would be better off as a province of turkey because the average shiite or sunnia arab do n't care about them, 
  since i 'm actually going to be working on my russian hw tonight , that sounds like good practice !, 
  if no one has translated them in a few hours and you 're still interested message me edit : and 2 seconds after i posted this i scrolled down to see a translation :p, 
  not our fault britain is full of chubby chasers , 
  works for me, 
  it was n't against iraq , that was an entirely separate coalition . 
  and afghanistan was clearly the state most responsible ... that 's where obl had his organization set up and that 's whose government was protecting him . 
  i think we was saying that the russians used that line of reasoning for denying any intentions of annexing crimea , and then went ahead and did so anyways . 
  but you 're right - it would be extremely counterproductive for russia to harm the baltics and i highly doubt that it will happen . 
  however , countries do stupid shit all the time ( like when we invaded iraq ) so just because its a bad idea does n't mean that it 's an impossibility . 
  hopefully all of this shit eventually dies down soon, 
  that 's when all of the ukrainian shit started , increasing tensions between the west and russia, 
  alright i will, 
  that man made a promise he does n't have the legal power to back and which the rest of the us government did not approve of . 
  ambassadors are appointed and are not policy makers and do not have the power to direct us foreign policy towards the country they represent us in . 
  you 're right , the us is n't a person , we have laws and procedures and none of them were followed regarding any agreement with the soviets/russia about not expanding nato . 
  ambassadors change all of the time as do the administrations which appoint them . 
  if a president decides to discontinue an executive policy set by his predecessor he is perfectly free to do so . 
  it is n't lying , the previous administration may be incredibly upset with it and wish to keep their promises/policies . 
  but they no longer have any power and that 's why accepting promises from individuals who may be replaced at any time is astoundingly moronic for a great power like the soviets to do . 
  if they wanted this agreement so badly they should have drafted a treaty and only followed through once congress ratified it , because until then words mean nothing to the institutions that govern the us and could easily be undone at the whim of whoever is elected next .
