  look at nato 's official youtube account , almost no one follows it, 
  dude i 'm italian american , and when i went to buenos aires argentinians of italian heritage treated me like i was a local , it was fucking great . 
  modern military procurement seems to be a fucking nightmare no matter how you slice it ... its insane how complex and lengthy its become and little people give a shit about it . 
  its why a modern nation must be prepared for tomorrow 's conflict yesterday , it is n't like ww2 where you can just flip a car factory and start making tanks and planes now . 
  yeah , the turks are going to be very well equipped coming up , they 've procured quite a few f-35s and have a new , indigenously designed tank coming out . 
  should be interesting to see how it performs, 
  i generally agree , i just think that without the purges they would n't have sustained the losses they did ( 60 turkish soldiers , several tanks ) . 
  they got rid of an enormous amount of officers , it does n't matter who you are that 's going to have a detrimental effect on your capabilities, 
  the purges really hurt them though , they struggled a bit fighting isis for al bab . 
  but yeah , they 're still far superior to anyone else in the region except for israel, 
  no one was forced to go to iraq ... bribed sure , but not forced . 
  plus every business is obligated legally to provide water to people . 
  we still get fucking idiots that die hiking in this weather, 
  fuck that i 'd rather have the humidity . 
  at least you guys get rain , the sun will burn a fucking hole through you in the desert , it has n't rained in months :(, 
  dude i have a fucking job interview that day ... 
  usually our strategy revolves around never leaving our houses or on getting shitfaced in pools ... when we have to leave these areas it fucking sucks, 
  meh 32 is fucking nice ... try that in 45 + ... fucking bullshit desert i ca n't wait to leave . 
  but you 're right about the goddamned sun . 
  walk outside without sunglasses and you 're fucked lol . 
  your culture is rich and varied , ours only revolves around eating tasteless food and developing a purer form of the diabeetus, 
  yeah but our average diabeetus is twice as large as yours , and we have 30 million of them, 
  hahahah please , our children are bigger than your grown men . 
  you merely adopted the obesity , we were born into , molded by it . 
  your diabeetus is a minor irritation , a sad reflection of something larger , more dangerous lurking across the ocean . 
  i challenge you to a diabetes off !, 
  can you beat fries donuts and fried twinkies ?!, 
  and if your food is so fattening , why are n't you as fat as us hmm ?? 
  hahaha you wo n't get shot , but you will become obese , 
  you can come too !, 
  we can share !, 
  ehhh i mean you 're not supposed to but i 've done it , you just got ta be aware and hide it sometimes . 
  which is complete bullshit imo, 
  huh , i wish they taught that to me in class . 
  thank you !, 
  you 're welcome to come to america and get drunk in my hometown any day !, 
  no one 's asking you to be her caretaker but failing to support western-friendly individuals in russia is n't exactly about to foment change . 
  that 's a shame , i 'd really like to see more of your perspective on russia and european politics, 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  seriously , what do you expect them to do to `` finish the job '' ? 
  just poorly managed, 
  trumpets dont have the influence to keep the us out of it ... remember that our military leaders are extremely pro-nato as well as large parts of congress . 
  this country would throw a shitfit if we failed to uphold our treaty obligations, 
  man i 'm jealous , in my history classes all we did was ignore the fighting and focus on `` the home front '', 
  we also just [ bombed an saa convoy ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/18/us-fighter-jets-bomb-assad-tank-convoy-advancing-coalition-base/ ) that got too close to us forces in syrian fighting isis, 
  well every building has ac , but yeah walking to school in that heat fucking blows, 
  i 'd like to see the eu itself become a member of nato . 
  the alliance would go from 29 members to a half a dozen , and would be significantly more powerful for it . 
  of course , the eu is a long , long ways from having a unified military and foreign policy, 
  ah do n't worry , i did n't take it personally and i appreciate you providing a constructive comment on it !, 
  i just disagree that the us is the leading cause of instability in mexico , but i do agree that we are a factor and that we could ( and should ) do more to help . 
  and while you 're right that not every society with those problems has a drug problem like mexico , many of them have alternate issues with gangs or terrorist activities in a similar vein . 
  there has to be a vacuum for these guys to assume power , there has to be political weakness they can exploit , a weakness of the state that can be corrupted to their own ends . 
  the article you mentioned states that these criminal organizations have a large presence in many american cities , yet they do not have near the amount of power and influence they have in mexico despite being present in the us . 
  i believe that reducing american consumption of narcotics is only a partial solution , that in order to truly deal with this problem you have to give people incentive not to join these groups and to actively fight against them , which while a simple concept is immensely difficult . 
  the us and its lucrative market is certainly a large factor , but i 'd argue not the leading cause of the drug wars ... mexico has a whole host of social , political , and economic problems that go back for years and years . 
  plus the us does try to help out ... we provide funding , training , intelligence cooperation , and many other methods of aid to our mexican partners . 
  well , republicans do n't have a negative opinion of nato itself , they just perceive many of its members to not be contributing enough, 
   is n't there consensus even in the west that russia achieved its primary goals in syria , which were pretty limited ? 
  the consensus is that russian involvement in the war completely reversed assad losing ground , and that none of their victories in the past year and half would be possible without russian support . 
  however the saa is a broken force composed of only few key units capable of actually taking and holding ground . 
  they need russian arms , russian training , and russian air support to continue to succeed in addition to hezbollah and irgc forces which provide a considerable amount of firepower to their lines . 
  but idlib still stands strong , aq is still very powerful , isis still threatens deir ez-zor and even when the sdf takes raqqa they wo n't disappear . 
  the southern front still exists , albeit weak and unimpressive , as do various other weak but troublesome pockets . 
  the saa is currently winning the war , but they are far from having won it , and until they do i 'd argue that russian goals have not been met . 
  and if there 's one thing about this war i 've learned , its that no one should ever predict its future or claim certain victory until well after they 've already won . 
  seriously though , trumps such a shitbag that i voted for that criminal clinton , god fucking damnit . 
  like i said , cool summers , 
  also where i live ... 
  going through this thread is making me jealous of nice cool summers, 
  obviously that 's not what they 're saying , what they 're saying is that releasing selective information ( such as only bad things about one candidate and only good things about another ) are designed to influence us and are not being done in our best interests . 
  you do n't need to outright lie to deceive people and skew the truth , being selective about what you release works just as well , sometimes even better, 
  i never saw that documentary , i got my info from classes that i took at my university and from guest lecturers who actually fought in that war . 
  the us straight up stood aside as people committed revenge attacks and looted the fuck out of everything , there were no police , no force to stop them . 
   you do n't just join a terrorist organization , start strapping bombs onto yourself , and slaughtering innocent people because you have nothing else to do . 
  exactly , and a lot of the sunnis joined al qaeda and like minded extremist organisations that saddam had repressed because of violence , which in turn was prompted his atrocities against shiites and the awful terrors that they underwent . 
  not disarming them and failing to keep any transitional form of government , law and order allowed for a massive amount of violence to take place that could have been significantly reduced or even outright prevented if you kept the former power structures in place for a limited amount of time . 
  of course their would have been sectarian tension , but the subsequent insurgency would have had far , far less power and the body count would have been much lower . 
  i feel like there 's a big east-west divide on opinions of reagan, 
  but not disbanding the entire structure of government , leaving millions unemployed and extremely well armed , and stopping the horrific revenge attacks and looting would have . 
  paul bremer can fucking hang , de-baathification ruined the country, 
  unfortunately it 404 'd, 
  dagestan can be pretty bad , but a lot of that is spillover from chechnya . 
  it 's interesting because many muslims in chechnya have bought into more extreme versions than , say the tatars in the kazan area as a result of foreign funding of islamist rebels over secular chechen nationalists in the second chechen war . 
  i 've talked to some tatars over the internet as pen pals to practice my russian , and they seem very russified and not at all extreme , but that 's just my anecdotal experience . 
  no you can understand english going back about 400 or so years , the slang and pronunciation are off but its understandable . 
  here 's a neat [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fxy6zamoq8 ) if you 're curious, 
   the insurgents were all loyal to saddam and they caused havoc on the invading americans . 
  no , the insurgents were a mix of shiites funded and armed by iran , aq and likeminded sunni extremists , iraqi nationalists , and pro-saddam baathists among many other groups . 
  while baath party members were an important factor of it , it 's entirely incorrect to say that they `` were all loyal to saddam '' . 
  isis has ex-baath members in its ranks , but it is in no way a continuation of the baath party or of saddam 's government - it is a salafist organization that saddam himself would have tried to annihilate if he still ran the country and it would be inaccurate to say that they are an extension of a baathist insurgency . 
  however i agree with you that the population of turkey would be far more hostile to any foreign intervention and that most of them would probably end up supporting erdogan loyalists, 
  eh trump is temporary , insignificance is forever ^ ^ jk ^ ^ belgium ^ ^ bros ^ ^ ily ^ ^ , 
   `` you 're scared , '' safronkov told rycroft . 
  `` your dream has slipped away , because we 're going to work with the united states . 
  you 're afraid of this . 
  you 're doing everything you can to sabotage this teamwork ... look at me !, 
  do n't turn your eyes away !, 
  why are you looking away ? '' look , they 're going to work with the us !, 
  we are going to be friends
