  also a surprising amount of people speak good english from watching us tv shows and movies , especially among the younger generation . 
  i really did n't expect that, 
  it 's the best way imo . 
  what 's better than gaining influence through goodwill and helping those in need ? 
  eh ypg is pretty close to being good guys . 
  they arent without their crimes , but its not a force wide policy for them, 
  should they be bombed ? 
  absolutely . 
  fuck nusra , fuck ahrah , fuck them with a thousand jdams . 
  but they still are n't isis, 
  pretty much . 
  we can rain death and destruction down for years and no one will give a fuck . 
  that sounds pretty confusing . 
  but it ca n't be that bad if you guys have decent amount of wealth and a good standard of living , though i 've heard that different parts are better off, 
  yes , we praise its efficiency and common sense daily, 
  heh well one day i 'd like to see it for myself , everything i hear about belgium makes it sound like a great place to visit, 
  maybe i 'm missing something but how the fuck is that even intended to work ? 
  no , i 've read too many first hand accounts and seen too many photos . 
  while the western media 's reporting on syria is often trash , that does n't make assad a good guy . 
  just like every other dictator in the region he 's a real bastard with blood on his hands, 
  not if you wan na get fucked long dick style, 
  hating assad does n't make you a saudi shill , that 's ridiculous . 
  he might be a better option than nusra or isis , but that 's only because he keeps his killing confined to syria , not because he 's a decent human being, 
  \u0421\u043f\u0430\u0441\u0438\u0431\u043e , i 'm gon na use some of those for help in my classes next semester . 
  i used to be decent but i could n't take any russian this semester so i 'm rusty, 
  economic strength is incredibly important but it is n't everything . 
  and if you do n't have a powerful standing military then you 're vulnerable to being knocked out before your economy can begin producing , and if your equipment is outdated you 'd better hope to god that someone is will to sell you new stuff , because designing things like new fighters and bombers takes years . 
  if your current standing forces ca n't last long enough for you to begin producing enough weapons and infrastructure to fight then it does n't matter how superior your economy is . 
  maybe la. . . 
  well , that is true i suppose . 
  patrolling the mojave will make you wish for a nuclear winter, 
  heh good enough !, 
  and i 'm from arizona, 
  how on earth , and more importantly why , do you remember that shithole yuma ? 
  multiple choice can fucking suck , because they 'll put two correct answers but one will be * more * correct, 
  better than most !, 
  i love how you think long island is rhode island . 
  the fact that you got my state right and ny wrong makes me so happy right now, 
  los angeles , phoenix , san diego , and vegas are wastelands ? 
  why does that annoy you ? 
  just because germany has the potential to be a military powerhouse does n't mean that turkey does n't have a decently powerful military . 
  and this way you 'll get double the amount of senators !, 
  no they 're currently a commonwealth , although there 's a decent sized movement to grant them statehood, 
  even turkey ? 
  but the turks actually a seriously powerful military ... definitely better than most nato countries a d larger than all of nato sin the us, 
  who would be the 51st ? 
  hard to say , but remember that it is n't just about protecting airspace but also helping out their proxies in syria . 
  turkey just ensured that every russian sortie must be guarded and that russia has to employ more forces in the region to safeguard its personnel , straining more resources than previously . 
  perhaps the turks feel that hurting russia is worth the projected economic cost , or perhaps the leadership believes this will help keep them popular, 
  i 'm sorry , what ? 
  are you saying that isis ' acts of terrorism are actually comparable to downing a military jet just because turkey is muslim ? 
  `` islamic communism is the very definition of failure '', 
  on syria related matters there 's / r/syriancivilwar and its usually very good , though the quality decreases whenever something big happens and they get an influx of new posters who do n't understand the rules . 
  they run a tight ship over there tho and its pretty good, 
  no , previously the us was training national guard troops , not regular soldiers, 
  and their own domestically produced stuff . 
  turkey is n't to be trifled with, 
  fuck man , was trying to take over hispania as leon in ck2 ( like in the starting tutorial position cause i 'm not very good yet ) and the goddamned pope excommunicated me , probably because he did n't like my free investiture . 
  5 turns later france declares war and sends 15,000 soldiers to fuck my shit up , and none of my shitfuck allies are willing to back me up . 
  cunts . 
  i raised an army of 8,000 and just tried to let attrition take its toll, 
  yeah i remember they suffered a lot after 9/11 : /, 
  well there have been attacks on mosques ... 
  in the us and canada , oddly enough . 
  * forgot a word, 
  state flags maybe ? 
  the lower members yes , but i doubt the accountants and other bureaucratic members spend much time in jail , or that the leaders do . 
  a lot of organizations are families and know they 'll be taken care of once they get out of prison , so they do n't rat on the bosses making it harder to legitimately put them away . 
  it 's the price we pay for civil rights , though i 'd imagine most of us are happy to pay it, 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  cops ca n't just hit suspected criminals without massively violating their civil rights . 
  i 'd imagine that these groups have been on the police 's radar for some time and that if they had evidence to lock them up then they 'd have used it, 
  assads a fucking monster , there 's some grisly photos of his prisons that look like they 're straight out of the fucking holocaust . 
  but he 's not a threat to the west like isis is , and he 's going to be pretty busy with reconstruct . 
  the us ' main allies right now are the sdf and southern front , with the sdf comprising mostly the ypg with a few arab groups mixed in . 
  if the us can secure a deal where these groups have significant influence in postwar syria i think they will be willing to let assad stay if he wins un backed elections , though i 'm pretty sure he 'd cheat . 
  the us language has changed dramatically and i think that at the end of the day they 're worried about europe and thus are changing their priorities, 
  you 're absolutely right that there 's no easy solution . 
  this war is an incredible clusterfuck , and there 's nothing that europe or the us can decide to do that will decisively end it . 
  but the us can influence some of the sides sitting at the table , and with the talks in vienna i 'm stupidly optimistic that maybe a political arrangement can be worked out . 
  it 's not hipster bullshit to call for empathy for 200 people that were murdered by daesh . 
  i get what you 're saying about the whole facebook meme thing being utterly pointless , and i agree with you that most people are just being topical like they were with kony and whatever other dumb shit is trending , but you 'd be mistaken to see popular support around the world as a bad thing because it pressures leaders to actually change something instead of ignoring the situation . 
  that 's definitely true , the planes destruction was cold and calculated while the paris attacks seem more personal and evil , even though they both resulted in similar amounts of people being murdered i can see how the manner of the paris attacks elicits a more emotional reaction, 
  russia 's despicable actions in ukraine are irrelevant ; a states policy does not make its citizens culpable and they should still be mourned . 
  these were innocent people murdered by daesh , and they deserve our respect . 
  even if putin is an asshole, 
  i think you 're right on that , if they had announced it was terrorism earlier then it would have had a bigger impact . 
  but even so , i wish that more people would demonstrate empathy for these innocent victims, 
  these people deserve the same amount of respect that paris is getting . 
  they were murdered by the same savages but sadly i do n't think the western world will see it that way, 
  this is true , and a major problem between the us and turkey . 
  iirc they actually did try to cross a few months ago but got shelled by the turks . 
  i think the us should focus on pulling friendly arab groups out of jaish al fateh and into the sdf to strengthen them so that they can hit these sensitive border areas that isis needs so desperately, 
  it 's definitely not a choice between assad and isis , considering that there 's tens of thousands of troops fighting for jaish al fateh and other jihadist but non-isis groups . 
  and there 's tens of thousands of troops fighting with the sdf , the combined forces of the kurdish ypg/j and several arab fsa units . 
  well sadly there 's three things at play - 1 ) while isis has claimed responsibility there is still doubt about whether it was an attack or a failure 2 ) the airliner blew up in the middle east , while this recent attack took place in the very heart of france 3 ) the images coming out of france are fucking awful . 
  pictures of corpses strean about the bataclan smeared in blood elicit a powerful emotional response , whereas we do n't have similar images of russians that suffered from the downing of the airliner i agree with you 100 % though , i wish there was more compassion for a large amount of people who may have lost their lives as a result of daesh, 
  you 're obviously proud to be swedish , so i hope that you can settle into your country as time passes on and truly feel accepted . 
  good luck !, 
  no they 're getting their asses kicked .
