  anything under 40c is a complete joke, 
  i think the argentinians were the ones who threw the most people out of helicopters , but dina ( their intelligence service ) loved to rape the shit out of people, 
  i thought they spoke catalan in spain, 
  i 've seen too many fucking videos of vbieds , they 're fucking terrifying :(, 
  \u041d\u0435\u0442 \u0441\u0443\u043a\u0430 , this glorious territory of \u041d\u043e\u0432\u043e\u0440\u043e\u0441\u0441\u0438\u044f and is defend by working class coal miners, 
  why is that fear mongering ? 
  russia clearly would love to see nato destroyed as an effective force capable of opposing it . 
  he asked what benefits they would receive from seizing one of the baltic states , and that 's what i was answering . 
  i do n't think it 's likely but it 's a possibility and nato would be foolish not to prepare for it , people are irrational and capabilities are what 's most important . 
  yes crimea was a much different situation but it demonstrated clear russian capabilities and was overall a very impressive operation . 
  nato would be downright stupid not to consider the possibility of russia trying something, 
   for what benefit , i still do n't know it would n't be about the baltics themselves but about undermining nato and fracturing the alliance . 
  if russia can successfully pull off what they did in crimea in latvia then it deals a massive blow to nato and significantly weakens it as an institution , proving to the eastern members that they are not protected and should move to the russian sphere of influence . 
  you 're right that russia 's economy is performing poorly but their military capabilities are significantly more powerful than natos in the region and while economics are important the fact remains that russia still maintains a superior military to any state in europe . 
  and while the eu 's military numbers are big on paper , the reality is that its very divided and that there 's doubt on how many european nato members will respond and on how coordinated they 'll be . 
   luckily for me , outside us high schools absolutely nobody uses farenheit in chemistry . 
  nope , we use celsius in chem , 
  fuck that everyone i know wants it to succeed . 
  we luv u yurop < 3, 
  damn democrats for letting trump successfully push the narrative that his economic policies will help the working class more . 
  it 's all about perception , not reality and trump got people to perceive that he 'll be a better economic choice . 
  most americans saw trump as the better economic choice and its hillary clinton and the dnc who are responsible for failing to challenge that, 
  high up members of our negotiating team were soviet agents ... we got fucked before they even began, 
  and donetsk and lugansk , it was n't `` local people '' who were responsible for ilovaisk, 
  that or democrats took the working class for granted and did fuckall to keep their trust and support , causing just enough people to switch for trump to win, 
  if russia succeeds in such a takeover of a nato state then the alliance is done . 
  ukraine was on the path to defeating the separatists until the russians directly intervened in august of 2014 , nato could easily handle such a task militarily and politically refuse to recognize any hostile government . 
  not doing so would be a clear conscious choice and an obvious betrayal of an ally, 
  i do n't have any assumptions at the moment , i honestly do n't know what he 's going to do , i 'm just listing the reasons why i believe there is n't anything the russians could offer that would be worth betraying our eastern european allies over . 
  however i do share your concerns that he will act irrationally , i just hope they are misplaced . 
  but none of that is worth eliminating nato as an effective alliance . 
  regardless of whether assad stays or goes the government will be a steadfast ally of hezbollah and iran , nothing will change that really benefits us in that manner unless the sdf gets autonomy and a say in syrian foreign policy , which even if it did happen still would n't be even remotely worth dismantling our presence in europe . 
  if iran wants to develop nuclear weaponry the only way to stop them is forcefully , even if the rest of the world does n't aid them , like the situation in north korea . 
  that 's the whole point behind the nuclear deal - that we either made a deal or started a fight because it was inevitable that they got the bomb . 
  why would the us destroy nato over that over a an action that other states could provide and that is only a delay and not an actual solution ? 
  regarding china , you 're right that it would be a short term benefit for us if russia halted cooperation with them , but long term the chinese will develop their own military industry and technology , and abandoning our european alliance will set a poor precedent for our asian allies who will be under even stronger economic pull from china by then . 
  in which case the us will be in the same position except with fewer allies in a weakened europe subject to outside influence . 
  none of that is even close to being worth fracturing the most powerful military alliance the world has ever known , we 'd lose so much prestige and power if that happened and we would be severely weakened . 
  right now we can count every single european heavyweight as an ally and a friend despite our disagreements and that is worth far more than anything russia could offer us, 
  well there 's your first mistake , our news is fucking trash and exaggerates things at every opportunity . 
  we have our problems but they 're not so bad as the media makes out, 
  what the hell could the russians possibly give us that would be worth that though ? 
   what makes you think isis wants hatred ? 
  if they can frame the conflict as a war between the west and islam then they can force many people who normally would n't support to their side or at least keep them from cooperating with the us/eu . 
  same reason their predecessors in aqi and isi tried to kill as many shiites as possible in the iraqi civil war , they wanted to force all of the sunnis to their side against the shiites and americans, 
  oh yeah indiana exists, 
   in the same vein , we view some asian historical figures far less negatively . 
  every mongolian restaurant is named after ghengis khan lol, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  yeah but 1st and 2nd generation eastern european immigrants are usually more patriotic than native born americans and hate the russian government with a passion lol . 
  i 'd imagine that its different in the eu , but most of the eastern europeans in the us have parents or grandparents who escaped soviet controlled territory, 
  i suppose running your country so brutally that half of your military defects to a rebellion has its downsides lol . 
  it 's worrying though , hezbollah has acquired quite a bit of weaponry in this conflict ... they 'll need a bit to recover from the casualties but they might come out of this stronger than before . 
  then again ... its hard to get accurate casualty estimates for them, 
  well the idf is in another dimension compared to any of those guys lol . 
  i 'm just saying that after syria 's collapse it 's military is a joke and hezbollah is by far filled with higher quality fighters relative to the normal saa, 
  pfft thats like once or twice a year , and unless you fly often it wo n't affect you . 
  it 's actually been incredibly cool here for the past few weeks , only in the low 100 's and upper 90 's, 
  if you watch game of thrones one faction basically did the same thing last week ... it was pretty neat, 
  eh at this point hezbollah is light years ahead of the saa and its sad rag-tag allied militias, 
  meanwhile in arizona you wo n't get bitten more than once a month, 
  hahah with all the shit going around its an easy mistake to make, 
   trump himself has talked about how russia should regain the tsarist era borders . 
  source ? 
  you 're the one acting like a child , pretending that losing a few million men and vast amounts of land while being politically torn asunder was nothing more than a mere nuisance . 
  and on top of it you 're getting angry at me like i 'm personally attacking you , like its some big loss for you personally that russia lost a war a hundred years ago . 
  stop being so butthurt about it . 
  you speak as though it is n't possible to be embarrassed in a war unless you lose your entire country ... that 's an utterly ridiculous stance to have thats designed solely to protect whatever misguided sense of pride you have around the issue . 
  those territories were n't ethnically russian , but they were owned , administered and ruled by the russian empire and they were a part of it . 
  it does n't lessen the magnitude of this loss, 
  which were a part of russia ... you do realize that russia back then had more land than it does now , right ? 
  here , let me explain it to you , you see these territories were a part of the russian empire , and when russia got crushed like a beer can they were ripped away from russia and became not-russia . 
  does that make sense ? 
  but in world war one russia literally ceded the baltic states and poland and let finland and ukraine become puppet states ... there were over a million german troops sitting there occupying the former russian territories lol . 
  what do you call that if not an occupation ? 
  a friendly party ? 
  you 're acting like i 'm claiming that all of russia from moscow to vladivostok was occupied and that russia itself was destroyed and you 're taking my point of view to be anti russian , which it is n't . 
  russia losing one war does n't take away from their successful military history or importance on the world stage . 
  stop being so emotional , its not ignorant or slavophobic to point out how badly russia was crushed in world war 1 . 
  or maybe you 're just delusional if you think ww1 was anything but a disaster for the russians, 
  they got fucked hard , they lost an enormous amount of land with enormous casualties and their poor performance in the war was a significant contributor to the internal instability they experienced . 
  they got crushed like a beer can at a frat party , look up the treaty of brest-litovsk, 
  long baggy sleeves provide ventilation and protection from sunburn . 
  when i did landscaping in similar weather we always wore long baggy pants , long baggy sleeves , hats and sunglasses, 
  yup , nothing like taking a vacation and returning home in the summer , being greeted by the wave of heat from my hometown . 
  and once its gets over 40 breezes feel like hairdryers unless you 're covered in sweat, 
   although the heat is nice for a siesta . 
  no way it needs be nice and cool to doze off !, 
  i met some dutch people studying abroad in argentina ... 
  i literally could n't tell that they were n't americans because they spoke english so damn well, 
  holy shit its iceman !, 
  man that 's literally winter here -_- i need to move, 
  hahahaha dude i know your pain , every fucking summer getting in the car is like getting in a literal oven , and your seatbelt will fucking burn you if you 're not careful, 
  in phoenix ? 
  pretty unlikely lol . 
  now if you go down to yuma than yeah , yuma is a fucking shithole never go there, 
  dude i went to warped tour in 115 ( 45c for you euros ) , that was spicy, 
  they 're always the fucking loudest , just ignore them . 
  chances are that a french person is going to get hit on instead of insulted, 
  probably .
