  the point i 'm trying to make here is that any promises made were never approved of by the actual us government and acknowledged as something we accepted . 
  as you said the us government is n't a person , it is ruled by institutions that follow set procedures and making deals with people instead of those institutions is only going to be temporary . 
  is that potentially harmful to diplomacy ? 
  of course , but that 's the price of changing the people in charge every 4-8 years . 
  but that 's the thing - it is n't the us not promising to expand , its an ambassador and his administration promising something that they wo n't be around after a while to enforce . 
  if congress passed a ratification of a formal treaty or something like that and we reneged then i 'd absolutely agree with you , but one president is n't obligated to continue policies from his predecessor unless they 're a part of the legal framework of the us, 
  you 'd have to be monumentally stupid to consider a non binding , verbal promise made in the 90 's by an ambassador of an entirely different administration as something that the us would follow today . 
  you 'd also have to be monumentally naive to think that diplomats always play it straight with one another, 
  half of the country clearly does n't and our military spending does n't prohibit us from having those kinds of social programs . 
  until europe furthers integration they 'll be divided and vulnerable which is bad for us because they 're our best allies and largest trading bloc, 
  that does n't mean anything ... 
  so an ambassador made a promise , that is n't binding in any manner whatsoever to the us . 
  russia is n't unlike any nation we 've gone to war with before , the nazis were incredibly powerful as were the british when we 've fought them as well . 
  americans would n't go to war with russia for some bullshit invented reason but we have troops in the baltics and we police their airspace ; you can not invade without killing americans and that would be something that america could not ignore . 
  my point about iraq was that even for an unjustified war the public was incredibly gung ho , and yes 9/11 had a helluva strong impact on it but i do n't see us backing down from protecting our allies , especially if americans were killed in the initial invasion, 
  public support wo n't be an issue , look at how easy it was to drum up support over iraq . 
  i know a lot of people who wish the us would beef up its military ( even more ) and become significantly more aggressive in international relations . 
  you would absolutely have resistance but it would n't be the majority of the population, 
  you got ta save some to piss russia off with later, 
  agreed . 
  we have one of the best relationships in the world , open borders should be a part of that, 
  argentina is definitely western , they 're very proud of their european heritage and they will fucking love you if you have an italian name lol . 
  tbh being in buenos aires felt very familiar and comfortable to me , its not much different from the us, 
  no you 're entirely right . 
  what russia has accomplished is rather impressive and something that i do n't think any european actor could pull off unilaterally . 
  europe 's military forces are scarily deficient in many areas, 
  its factual , you just need to keep in mind that its our propaganda for europe . 
   such as the us and uk ignoring their agreement to protect ukrainian sovereignty in exchange for giving up their nuclear weapons . 
  the us and uk completely fulfilled their obligations under the budapest memorandum . 
  well did n't things carry on normally during the troubles ? 
  20 years is long enough for a new generation to rise up and forget about the horrors . 
  however i think you 're right that chechnya is better off inside of russia than out of it , hopefully this is all baseless conjecture and chechnya will remain peaceful . 
  britain and france have nuclear weapons . 
  an anglo confederation ? 
  it would be ridiculously powerful, 
  damn you 're probably right . 
  and here i was hoping for the bush 3peat, 
  depends on where you live , but yeah generally we have nice big parking lots or parking garages for that . 
  i live in a large but spread out city and i 've never had to parallel park here, 
  mexico is n't doing so bad either . 
  obviously they have a plethora of problems with violence but the potential of that country is fucking astonishing , they could become a top 5 world economy if they ever get their shit together, 
  no fuck you to america ? 
  i 'm disappointed, 
  i see you have seen glorious [ \u0432\u0438\u0434\u0435\u043e ] ( https://youtu.be/t65swzhabes ) , eh \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449 ? 
  they 'd lose that war , ukraine does n't have the brute strength to beat russia , which is why they need to bide their time and pass reforms now . 
  they need to shore up their economy and political system , make ukraine a better place to live so that more people are willing to fight for it and so that they have more money and resources to spend on their military . 
  they wo n't beat the russians but they can make an invasion extremely costly and that should be a good enough deterrent . 
  being italian american is fucking awesome though ... you go into the italian neighborhoods in new york and you 're treated better because of your name . 
  does n't matter that no one in your family born after 1944 can speak the old language or that you ca n't name 3 italian cities , if you 've got the name and the looks you 're in . 
  and oddly enough it was the same thing in buenos aires - people fucking loved me for being of italian descent there and would get excited lol, 
  [ oh you ] ( http://redpilltimes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/putin-laughing.jpg ), 
  the books are thick , but you should check them out sometime . 
  the history of the early cheka and nkvd and how the stalin was so vicious against personal rivals really surprised me . 
  and of course its just super interesting to get a look at how they viewed us and how they believed we would act . 
  they did actually spread some theories about jfk and tried to start race riots in the us , according to the [ files ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitrokhin_archive ) brought in by [ vasili miktrokhin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vasili_mitrokhin ) . 
  currently reading some of this stuff , its absolutely fascinating to me . 
  the ussr was such an interesting country , i 'm almost sad that they are n't around anymore, 
  [ oh ] ( http://www.nileinternational.net/en/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/miro-erdogan-sad.jpg ), 
  actually yeah they do , you start to get a feel when you need to use them and they help you understand what 's happening in a sentence, 
  master russian is really helpful and wiktionary has many conjugations and declensions . 
  the resources are out there, 
  it 's so fun to say russian words though , they feel so good rolling off your tongue, 
  i wonder if she 's ever played fallout ? 
  [ depends on which version you listen to ] ( https://youtu.be/ihnugaaea4m ), 
  it 's true though ... go to buenos aires and mention that you 're of italian descent , people will fucking love you lol, 
  us and russia actually do some good stuff together , it just gets overshadowed by our rivalry, 
  but then you 're comparing all of the deaths caused in hundreds of years to the deaths of less than two decades , which for purposes of comparing the severity of brutality is n't apt in my opinion . 
  but you 're right that the brits have definitely killed a fucking ton of people over the years, 
  you 're absolutely right that such an abuse would eliminate congressional support , but he can do a lot of things without anyone 's approval . 
  will he if he 's elected ? 
  i hope not , but i have no clue how the man 's mind works and could n't answer . 
  to your second point , i think that if a relative outsider were to significantly abuse presidential power that you could very well see a cooperative effort to impeach him followed by the creation of laws designed to curb presidential power , but it would depend heavily on the type and severity of the abuses . 
  the president has the most power in matters of foreign policy , he can really , really fuck things up if he wants to . 
  commander in chief is n't just a fancy title , it has real applications and trump most certainly could abuse that power if he was so inclined, 
  i guess what we 're doing in syria is just a light caress then ? 
  oh my god i want one !, 
  hmm ok , thanks for the answer . 
  russian is definitely harder than spanish , which i can speak decently now . 
  the cases really fuck me up , they 're challenging but fun when you get them right !, 
  so i 'm currently learning russian , would you say that this book would be understandable for someone with only a few semesters of russian ? 
  no no no , we throw them out of trucks not planes, 
  well if its a first strike then they 'd be trying to kill them before they launched, 
  the russians are too , its actually one of their greatest concerns, 
  really ? 
  i 'm just going off of food and other prices from when i visited them , which while sd is bad dc is atrocious ( or was when i visited last a few years ago ) . 
  less expensive that the us east coast, 
  yeah there 's definitely a major challenge but as long as there 's a will to really create something then i think it 'll eventually come to pass . 
  the us had a helluva time roping in the states and creating an effective government , and even afterwards suffered from some crazy challenges . 
  i 'd really like to see europe come together in my lifetime , i think it 'd be good for europe , the us , and the world as a whole, 
  maybe it 'll never happen , but if it does you guys will be a legit superpower , on par with the us . 
  the question is , do you want that ? 
  lol if the flight were n't significantly cheaper you 'd be right , nyc is ridiculous !, 
  but totally worth it , i fucking love that place, 
  we have for everything important !, 
  in science and math we use the metric system , for normal everyday stuff we still use the imperial but itll change too , just slowly, 
  yeah i hope this closeness continues and even expands a little bit , but int eh reverse . 
  i love european culture and food and stuff , would be neat to see more of it especially since its so rich and varied . 
  too bad visiting europe is so damn expensive, 
  damn , that 's crazy to think about, 
  it 's really weird , i 've been studying in argentina and so many places here play american music instead of local music , which sucks cause they often play the same bullshit pop that i fucking hate and try to escape in the states .
