arag\u00f3n , navarra and madrid spending in r&d more than catalu\u00f1a ? 
  how times are changing ... 
  actually , i revised the law and you are rigth now ; the law changed in 2012 to protect the long term unemployed . 
  until 2012 they lost their rigths to healthcare after three months without any kind of payment ;, 
  yes , the problem is the predatory attitude of some employers and the ignorance about the effects of the cash economy to the country by employers and workers . 
  because you do n't have any kind of long term unemployment pay here , unless you have kids or you are older than 55 . 
  and if he is employed , even taking that kind of jobs , he is not at risk of losing his healthcare . 
  the moroccans sent soldier to a spanish islet nearby ceuta , in 2001 or 2002 . 
  we had to send the military to take care and they flee , but our lovely neighbours , the french and the portuguese , of course , took the side of the moroccans , and the rest of the nato , except italy , decided that was an unimportant act . 
  the problem its when there are n't more ( legal ) hours , and everything depends on them , like the payments for retirement , disabilities or unemployment . 
  if you do n't have more unemployment payments and you are n't older than 55 or have kids , you have to pick anything to be inside the system . 
  and of course , in the afternoons he does some jobs for his employer in cash , maintaining four or five house gardens , like everyone that have that kind of contracts , hurting everyone in the country because nobody pays the true taxes in in what should be at least a 20 hours/week job . 
  yes , 180 $ a month , eight hours a month . 
  that 's the quality of some of the new `` jobs '' . 
  yes , i 'm sure the gardener that i meet in april and have a contract of 8 hours a month and earns 180 $ for it is really happy about not being unemployed . 
  the eu politics are weird like that . 
  i do n't think that the sanctions last either . 
  too many conflicting interests . 
  the french and the usa did n't want to piss the former moroccan king . 
  and remember that these cities are part of spain , not colonies , and their inhabitants are spanish . 
  slap ? 
  no , you give me something and i give you something . 
  if you are more worried about the feelings of the old moroccan king than the territorial integrity of a nato member , you have to deal with it later . 
  we had good teachers about treachery and deceit . 
  a country that saw the true involvement of nato when had troubles with morocco ? 
  i suppose that the incident with morocco was a wake up call about the real commitment of our `` allies '' . 
  but there is always time to return the favours . 
  no country in europe does anything without looking to gain something from the position of weakness of the country `` helped '' or trying to protect their own interest . 
  there is no truth in the european ideal , only petty politics and economic interests . 
  then we ( and the eu , uk and usa ) should stop sending aid and selling weapons to some regimes that are at least so bloody as the syrian regime , for economic and political gains . 
  it 's the same . 
  mr verhofstadt is always angry about something . 
  coherence and decency are two things that are worthless in the real world politics . 
  the solidarity between european countries is something about all the people likes to talk about , but in reality , it does n't exist . 
  i do n't think that those two are jokes . 
  i never heard many jokes about portugal here , mainly the jokes are about other spanish . 
  that is south american spanish . 
  here is perrito caliente . 
  spain religious ? 
  we have a lot of cultural religious traditions , but that does n't mean that we will tolerate that religious nut jobs say how we have to live again . 
  edit : a word, 
  lol , an indigenous ethnic group . 
  no , its for all spanish to decide . 
  of course , but what would happen if someone in usa decides that the best course of action for them is isolation , and sell it to the voters ? 
  if you are n't part of this something else , you are screwed . 
  french a dying language ? 
  where are you from ? 
  having the ability to do it does n't mean that they are going to do it like we want and when and how we want . 
  the us army protects the us interest , and for now , their interest and the eu 's coincide . 
  yes , i think that gibraltar will gladly do it , because they 'll manhandle easily portugal in days . 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  they will cut the same budgets again . 
  were n't the official cuts of 2012 36b $ ? 
  wait until the 20b $ in new cuts arrive , and then we will talk again . 
  the retirees have segregated themselves in specific areas . 
  and there are a lot of british here that are n't registered in any database and perceive all their salaries in cash . 
  even some resident pensioners are n't registered and do n't pay taxes as residents . 
  they are too `` smart '' to pay taxes . 
  ( they started to have problems when the universal healthcare was scrapped ), 
  many of the pensioners here are n't rich . 
  they do n't spend a lot and when they do it , usually is in british owned and staffed business . 
  a lot of them could n't live in the uk with their pensions . 
  i 'm very happy with it . 
  no , not really . 
  madrid is doing what a majority of people shows with their vote , when they vote pp , psoe , or cs . 
  and we do n't worry about a better iberian peninsula , we only wory about spain and the ue . 
  respect for nationalities ? 
  yes , and there is a nationality that is worthy of respect , too , and that is the spanish one , maybe you should try to respect it . 
  nonsense . 
  i am always amazed how the portuguese talk about the division of spain by regions . 
  looks like they want to be the biggest state of the iberian peninsula . 
  a lot of people of my age ( 40 + ) are removing them when they are remodeling their houses . 
  we usually have bidets , but we do n't use them much , they are lost space in the bathrooms . 
  i remember using the one here 25 years ago . 
  sorry , but portugal is irrelevant for the average spanish , we do n't have to prove anything to you or the world , and the constitution is the law of the land , voted by the citizens of our country . 
  and for the record , i find really funny that the portuguese start talking about the iberian union only when they have problems , economic or with the eu , and when the things were great nobody mentioned it . 
  anyone who think that the canary islands will support any kind of secession movement from spain is severely mistaken . 
  and who wants an iberian confederation ? 
  not the spanish . 
  they never had their own country . 
  they were part of the kingdom of aragon . 
  good , europe needs its own army , and leave the nato behind . 
  since the 2008 maybe , but not before . 
  in the 90s-00 and in the 70s when my parents married , you do n't leave your parents house until you married , and sometimes you bring your spouse to the family house . 
  no , not really . 
  living with your parents until you find a stable partner is normal here . 
  i can send you something from the islands . 
  edit : i saw that you have someone to send you something . 
  lol , you ca n't be more ignorant if you do it in purpose . 
  actually , i do n't believe that the original comment had a question behind it . 
  i read it like the normal `` rojos '' comment from a segment of the country that gives a bad name to the rigth wing . 
  this country are n't going to move forward until until that side of the political spectrum does n't clean itself from that baggage . 
  some things ca n't and will not be forgotten . 
  edit : the country can move forward and forgive `` the old grievances '' when some parties form the political scene man up and reconize the crimes of the past , and stop triying to protect the memory of a group of murderers and criminals . 
  and i include here parties from the rigth wing and the left wing , because the republicans were n't nuns , either . 
  i see . 
  our dictatorship is cool for you because it was from the different side of the political spectrum than yours . 
  the only good thing of the franco era is that killed the catholic religion here . 
  it showed us the hypocrisy of the institution and that is really worthless . 
  maybe the republicans could have created a viable state or maybe not .
