  we never know what could have happened . 
  saying things like that the best result of the civil war was a fascist victory is an hypothesis that cant be proven . 
  we have to work with facts and the facts are that the civil war happened , the purges happened during and after it , and the repression did n't end until the 70s . 
  the educated guesses are nice is you are an historian or trying to write historical fiction , but for me are n't as important as what happened in this country during those years . 
  no , i think that you are using the same old excuse of the red scare to say that the fascist victory was the best to the country in the long run . 
  we do n't know what could have happened in the case of a republican victory , but we know what happened after franco 's victory . 
  `` besides purges '' ... anybody that defends the regime , it is an accomplice of it , even today . 
  but do you like concentration camps ? 
  like the ones where the republican prisoners ended ? 
  the defeat of the democracy . 
  not all the republicans were communists or anarchist . 
  but i suppose that even today , the idea of freedom and democracy is anathema to some people . 
  yes , it is still affecting the country today . 
  what we had after the end of the war was less violence , not peace . 
  and celebrate the victory of a traitor after three years of civil war ? 
  yes , i suppose that you prefer fascists that revolt against the elected government , destroy the country and maintain it isolated forty years . 
  actually , i do n't think that the canarians care much about who have the competeneces . 
  no , it is that the common people really do n't care about portugal , not even the left . 
  at least , they do n't care more for them that for sweden , romania , or germany . 
  that is the part that they never tell each time this type of news appear . 
  i never have heard anyone talking about , or ever mentioning the independence of portugal . 
  actually , the people here hardly ever talk about portugal . 
  no , what we should do it is centralise more and cut all the superfluous institutions . 
  and what is the percentage in spain ? 
  do you really believe that the spanish want to unite with the portuguese ? 
  many people here is still waiting for construction jobs , and a lot of then have n't done anything to try to train to do other things . 
  even today there are people that haven done the obligatory courses that you need to work in construction , and they are mandatory since 2007 . 
  i do n't think people here thinks that we are a ngo , and i think that we should fix europe before thinking about people outside it . 
  i believe that the majority of the people in spain knows why the country is in this state . 
  i do n't think that we `` care '' more about eastern european chicks over other nationality , here . 
  well , i actually care about the italians that can be affected by it . 
  maybe it 's because we learned that we do n't live in a bubble unaffected by the exterior world and that you can suffer by circumstances outside your control or by the greed and stupidity of others . 
  we need more jobs , yes , but a big part of the workforce needs recycling , and that is a problem , at least here , in the islands . 
  this is sad . 
  why do you need a semi automatic rife ? 
  for hunting ? 
  i only have seen shotguns and bolt action rifles here for that . 
  all this maps are as fun as a kick in the balls . 
  if the rules are n't equal for all , there is no sense in the eu . 
  the eu question never have been in the table . 
  if the public start having other ideas about the eu , it will be made a point in the country politics , if only as a way of gain votes . 
  yes , we should start looking to leave it , too . 
  lol , no . 
  it 's useful , but nothing more . 
  no , when we finish our studies there weren \u00b4 t good jobs in it here , in the islands . 
  we both went to other sectors . 
  he has thirty five years old , and still continue to think that having odd jobs in black money is good , and like him , there is a lot of people here that thinks the same . 
  many people has been without a job eight years , and i only know of three in these situation that tried to retrain . 
  i know a case of a gardener that have a contract of 10 hours/month . 
  the worst part is that he can study in the afternoons without trouble , and he has training as programmer , like me . 
  i 'm trying to study again to maybe found something but he does n't , he says that he has to be ready to take jobs . 
  yes , with him looks like is my way or the highway . 
  he is too aggressive , and he does n't know what tact and diplomacy are . 
  and then the little incident of his demands to the psoe after the first elections happened , and the lime comment . 
  that hurt his image . 
  lol , no . 
  he has scared a lot of possible voters with his attitude . 
  actually , i only have seen people angry about this situation . 
  i fear that brexit will be the scapegoat for many things in europe since today . 
  the catalans are nothing without spain . 
  i don \u00b4 t know anyone of my age or younger ( 40 ) that sees it , with the exception of some gay friends . 
  the only place where i saw a sign with a `` eurovision party '' was a gay bar . 
  and the people that bought a second house as an investment , thinking in the profit . 
  your house now is worth two thirds or half your mortage . 
  usually , they dont have a job , either . 
  the long time unemployment figures and the lack of studies usually go together . 
  sadly , a lot of them dont want to study . 
  yes , if you have an stable job , in a serious business , it can be better than other sectors . 
  but the problem is that is not a given , here . 
  no support . 
  when the unemployment payment stops , unless you are in charge of kids or older than 50 ( they pay you 450 $ , good luck paying the rent and feed the kids with that ) , you dont have any kind of help . 
  and if you are not registered in the goverment database as a student or as someone looking for a job , you can lose your healthcare . 
  during the bubble , in the canary islands , a brickslayer , the least specialized of the construction workers , could earn 2000 $ a month . 
  a foreman , in some jobs , could earn 5000 $ / month , and a specialized worker , between 3000-5000 $ . 
  and if the job was in the lesser islands , you could add 500 $ -1000 $ to these numbers . 
  i know a lot of people that stopped studying when they were 16 , and started working in the construction . 
  now , they are lucky if they earn 700-900 $ . 
  here i see them everyday , multiple times . 
  without a disability ? 
  your driving license is not a valid id in spain . 
  you have to carry your passport or your eu id identification . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_europe https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_spain we have a lot of inmigrants in spain , south americans , romanians , and moroccans are the biggest groups . 
  ( and british after them ) . 
  what ? 
  we had pla\u00f1ideras , women hired to mourn in funerals , and marriages organized by families and casamenteras were a thing here until the end of the 1950s , too . 
  no poetry , not even spanish poetry in spanish literature class . 
  you said `` most of you '' . 
  not even in catalonia all the population considers themselves not spanish at all . 
  so , yes , you were talking shit . 
  i wanted to be sure that you were another portuguese talking shit about spain instead of looking at their own country crap , or only living there . 
  where are you from to say that ? 
  i live in tenerife , i have seen them a lot in the last thirty years . 
  i never have seen any difference in how they act here . 
  we do n't have a lot of mexicans here , and in the canarian islands the relation is closer with the venezuelan and cubans , that were the targets of our emigration in the 20th century . 
  we do n't know the mexicans outside the media . 
  i never have seen anyone here making any distinction between the scottish and the english here in spain , we have the same opinion about them . 
  i do n't know how much of that was thanks to the muslims and how much was the result of the sephardic jews living here . 
  there were different periods in the moor occupation . 
  the almoravids and almohades were less tolerant than the caliphate . 
  after that , you have the subject of the attacks of the berber slavers to the coast of south europe .
