  when the victim is a poor persons the authorities will react slower . 
   do we ? 
  is n't that the argument : romania needs protection against russia and the only one that can provide it is the us ? 
  yes , what did germany do when russia invaded ukraine , they built pipes to russia . 
  europe ca n't and wo n't protect you against russia . 
  i think you are lying to yourself if you think otherwise . 
   we have in the eu an achean league . 
  a confederation that will either splinter in the face of a new master , or unite and become an entity of it 's own capable of defending itself and it 's members . 
  it has been done before , we 're not in new territory . 
  if the living conditions were approximately the same , if the wages were about the same in the whole union , then i believe it will be more unite but it is not the case , and if you force a closer relation it will splinter . 
  that 's my opinion . 
   it 's willfull ignorance to pretend at `` independence '' here , just polite vassalage . 
  well being a vassal state in history was n't an option . 
  you had no choice . 
  related to us , romania has a choice , and i believe it too the right call . 
  well yeah , it 's protection they are not forcing you to do anything . 
  it 's in our interest to have it . 
  a good economy needs a stable country where to thrive . 
   i 'm arguing that we have better protections inside the structure of the eu i think that is still an illusion . 
  after 2000 years of history of wars inside europe , i still think it is deeply divided regarding politics , world view , etc. 
  just look at views on war in libya , immigration , etc. 
  no one is looking for a hand to kiss , but some neighbors are nice and the relation is mutual beneficial and some neighbors are always following their own interest . 
   germany 's project continues because it 's been given the sovereignty to do so , and thinks it 's in its national self-interest . 
  fair point , but then again that shows that they do n't care about others . 
   the same way the us can trade us into the russian sphere if they ever felt they had something to gain from it . 
  you are wrong here . 
  us is not obliged to protect us . 
  they do it because they want . 
  the worst they can do is not ... 
  i hardly see that as `` trade us '' . 
  they are also the ones that keep you safe while germany builds pipes to russia . 
  you can have all our gypsies , they will make your economy go boom !, 
  yes failures are expected , but nasa gone for big things and many of them were achieved . 
  well because esa has much smaller project but still fails at them ? 
  get it ... 
  well all important space missions were nasa based . 
  they just successfully flew new horizons past pluto and are targeting an even father object . 
  esa can not even dream to accomplish that . 
   accomplished 75 % of its primary mission where did you get that ? 
  funny considering that the landing was a failure . 
   in 1961 yeah read that right . 
  when the best computers were no better than today 's pocket calculator . 
   `` nasa , once a failure , always a failure '' ? 
  stop your bullshit . 
  i did n't say nasa is a failure , did i ? 
   stop your bullshit . 
  this is very low-effort trolling . 
  how am i trolling ? 
  because i am not ass kissing a multi billion agency that is burning through it 's budget with little to show for it ? 
  i 'm saying that nasa is much more successful and has accomplished much greater things than esa . 
   esa will launch a rover in 2020 , if it succeeds , will esa still be a failure ? 
  for me it will take many successful missions to consider esa a success . 
  it has flopped so many times . 
  well considering nasa has 2 rovers taking a stroll on mars and one of them has lived 13 years on mars . . 
  i am not impressed . 
   each galileo satellite carries 4 clocks , not one satellite 's operational capability has been comprised because of this redundancy . 
  `` across the 18 satellites now in orbit , nine clocks have stopped operating . '', 
  that is very high considering that the satellites are brand new and galileo was operational only in december . 
  so there is the high probability that in future years some satellites will become useless . 
   mars express sadly the lander was n't . 
   galileo galileo itself is a partial failure . 
  over budget and late . 
  and if i remember correctly some of the satellites had clock failures . 
  come on ... that is the most important part of a navigation satellite . 
  i ca n't believe they fucked up this one also . 
   ariane 5 that 's awesome , but it 's first flight is like 20 years ago . 
  meanwhile they have a budget of +5 billion euro a year . 
  schiaparelli and philae , mars express from the top of my head , but i am sure there are many more . 
   because we all know that rocket science is easy and people from esa are usually dumb , unlike you so it 's fine the way it is ? 
  i mean if something is not working , maybe you change it ? 
  i am not . 
  but in my job if i failed the same times esa has failed i would have been fired long time ago . 
  no one is saying it 's easy but there are too many errors made . 
  because of the many failed mission it had ? 
  like most of them . 
  esa : once a failure , always a failure . 
  i said if it 's not political , religios or similar related . 
  how about the saudi official who killed the cyclist . 
  do you belive he should be tried in saudi arabia ? 
  you take medication for afflictions . 
  rarely you take medication to prevent something . 
  regarding studies ... there are so many studies that contradict themselves ... like for example the consumption of meat . 
  i have not found a definitively conclusion pro or against it . 
  can you share one that you consider as fact ? 
  yes , both are wrong . 
   the court can visit the witnesses in the other country or ask the local countries authorities for assistance with respect to the evidence gathering . 
  a witness has to be present in court to be questioned by both sides . 
  why not be trialed in the original country ? 
  it also is not a fact that it completely harmless for average people . 
  and i 'm not talking about short term . 
  i do n't believe you can say something will not affect you in like 20 years , because you ca n't conduct a study for a period that long . 
   banning smoking from public what does public mean ? 
  a park ? 
  how is me smoking in a park have effects on others . 
  a cars pollutes a million times per day than a smoker . 
   alcohol causes disease to only the person ingesting it that is far from the truth . 
  there are many where alcohol causes damage or deaths to other people including dui which is very common and also many people are violent when intoxicated . 
  from wiki :  in some countries , there exists a legal requirement for citizens to assist people in distress , unless doing so would put themselves or others in harm 's way . 
  many anti-vaccine believe the the vaccine is doing harm to themselves so this does not apply here . 
  you can also ban smoking and alcohol and no one would have smoking or alcohol related diseases also , right ?
