well . . tv channels are n't on tv ? 
  it 's really stupid . 
  how about no ? 
  you can deport them if you want , but we ai n't paying for them . 
  you do n't understamd . 
  those are n't romanians . 
  they are a migrant people . 
  in 5 years they will call themselves swedes . 
  they have no connection with romania . 
  enjoy them . 
  well since you said that ... you can differentiate between a native romanian and a gypsy . 
  so ... it 's a little different, 
  yes , please take our gypsies . 
  com on ... do n't you want them ? 
  why is that ? 
   without immigration there would be no muslims in sweden , that stops radicalisation for example . 
  sweden is also taking in isis soldiers and giving them money because they want to `` fix '' them . 
  not accepting them in the first place ? 
  who is that ugly old man ? 
  because there will be loss of jobs . 
  open market will kill many companies due to competition , there will be fewer left . 
  the holocaust is about systematic killing of an ethnic group . 
  i do n't think the issue is defamation . 
  another bad example . 
  lol . . you opinion is not law also . 
  no one is . . 
  so we should ' t express ourselves ? 
  the question was could you give me an example of defaming an ethnic/religious group ? 
  that john doe is an bad example as can not be considered hate speech since it 's a person . 
  i thing the loopholes are the other way around , when the laws are too vague . 
  you 're avoiding the question bro . 
  is having an opinion also having an agenda ? 
  then we all have agenda . 
  informing on what ? 
  that this law is too vague ? 
  well that 's the issue . 
  the law is too vague . 
  that example is not hate speech due to defamation . 
  try again . 
  is hate speech only threats of violence ? 
  so why are you giving only examples of threats . 
  wow . . 
  i think you are too full of yourself . 
  but it 's not something new . 
  i am not discussing threats . 
  `` gas the jews '' is a threat and you can contact police in this case . 
  i think no one is arguing about this one . 
  i am talking about criticism and insults . 
  i am talking about same job/experience/skills then difference can be more than 2x in my experience yet no one is considering this an issue . 
  why do you go to violence ? 
  i am all for punishing violence and threats of violence and the law is pretty clear . 
  i am talking about the other posts it can be considered hate speech . 
  yes . . that 's good . 
  but in my country the ministry is made by the government . . so still not neutral . 
  but you just took away someones free speech before he infringe on others dignity . 
  and if that if that case than it should be clear that this law is about not criticising other religion , culture etc. . . ok if someones dignity is so important why are foreigners paid much less that than natives ? 
  why are eastern europeans paid much less and nobody cares ? 
  and this happens in whole western europe . 
  i believe this is a much greater problem than being criticized . 
  from your link `` hate speech is speech which attacks a person or group on the basis of attributes such as gender , ethnic origin ... '' an insult is also an attack . 
  so an insult is hate speech ? 
  and can you give me a correct example of defamation and libel ? 
  how is this not censorship ? 
  how is banning memes not censorship ? 
  because you say so ? 
  there should be no internet laws , just laws . 
  everything you can do in real life you should be also do on the internet and other way around . 
  this is destroying your democratic freedom . 
  but if for someone if you strip of his free speech you strip him from his dignity ? 
  how does that work . 
  or it 's you who decides what dignity for everyone is . 
  ok so you can not criticize a culture or ethnic group now . 
  they can already act on threats on the internet . 
  and facebook has rules against threats . 
  how is that so hard to understand ? 
  then why is this posted on europe ? 
  why does this sub exists ? 
  i applaud that your country didn t had any censorship issues lately so why do you want to change it . 
  you can not see that the rise of extremist thoughts is because of frustration . . and if you censor them the frustration will only grow . 
  so greeks are not a social group ? 
  what about if i said `` muslim/jews/christian are liar '' . 
  would that be defaimation ? 
  and in the example with john doe . . how is that hate speech if are talking about a person . 
  can you give me a correct example of hate speech due to defaimation ? 
  why are you still talking about violence ? 
  i already said i 'm again physical violence and threats and both should be punished by law . 
  can you answer my question from previous post ? 
  yeah . . like this one . 
  so you are saying `` you are n't a german , this does n't concern you '' . 
  well it does because it can influence other countries to do the same . 
  also this is like you do n't want to adapt to internet-age . 
  no by censoring opinions you do n't like . 
  it 's by combating them . 
   also note that the government is not a social group . 
  so if there are already laws for threats why is this necessary if not for other reasons ? 
  can you give me an example of defamation . 
  does `` greeks are lazy '' is a defamation ? 
  well than those are threats . 
  there are already laws for that , are n't there ? 
  or . . maybe you could protest this law you know ?
