  so not gender specific ? 
  i agree !, 
  but in the case of women there are many program to encourage them to go to university . 
  it looks like the case the programs should be for men . 
  well can you tell me what do you think it is ? 
  personal choice on both case or sexism on both cases ? 
  i visited mostly the center . 
  last year , it was a big city festival . 
  there were alot of beggars , trash everywhere . 
  i would n't call it nice . 
  i went to malmo . 
  to say that there are more yougoslav then `` brown people '' is wrong . 
  the quality of life is better then many romanian cities but i feel much safer here than there . 
  far right ? 
  you are kidding me . 
  everything you do n't like is far right , nazi etc. 
  you applying the tactic `` yeah it 's bad but not like ... '' . 
  if you want to end up with a ferentari for each city , than you are on the right path . 
  i love the fact the you are the one who uses `` brown people '' . 
  you see racism everywhere even when it 's not the case . 
  do tell me , the gettos near paris , bruxelles , malmo are a fiction ? 
  it 's a good time for me , 
   all of us bucharest-based juve fans you could 've said all 3 of us . 
  hahahaha . 
  so you are triggered by charlie is targeting macron ? 
  he is the president now . 
  get user to it . . 
   hat 's how most big companies become big companies . 
  otherwise it would take forever to grow a company . 
  yeah . . and many companies fail . 
   what if nobody will buy it ? 
  lol . 
  when did n't western companies did n't want to buy state owned companies from eastern europe for cheap ? 
  they have a lot of debt which will take many years to pay . 
  the problem when you have this kind of debt is that in order to make the payments you have to get another loan just to pay the other one . 
   or do you think germany just has 80 billion lying around idle ? 
  yes . 
  well every country is in debt . 
  so national banks give loans and also take loans ( if that makes any sens ) . 
  anyway what i wanted to say is that the populous sense was that germany `` gave '' greece a pile of money which is not true . 
  well they always have something to sell . 
  i really do n't understand why greece did n't exist the eu and just inflate it 's currency . 
  still it 's money made . 
  the issue is that the money was n't give for free it was a loan with interest . 
  and 1.3 billion is a big pile of money . 
  not exactly . 
  when i tried to make a savings account they gave me 0.1 % interest per year for euros ... yeah ... 
  so it 's not bad . 
  less cats = less cute cats videos, 
  but you motive is '' title does not reflect the title or content of the link . '', 
  in the community rules and guidelines it only says related to this : `` editorialised titles : use the original title of the article . 
  you may add text from the subtitle or the first paragraph where necessary for clarity . 
  refrain from including your opinion within the title or arbitrarily emphasizing selective segments '' and i used the exact title . 
  can you pinpoint the exact rule it 's breaking ? 
  the title is exact as the title of the article . 
  why was my post removed ? 
   there is no difference if there are invitations or not . 
  if a private organization wants to create a festival , they should be free to decide who are welcome and who are not . 
  not correct . 
  according to us legal definition it 's a public event . 
  `` a public event , as the name suggests , could refer to any event open for the general public '' - https://definitions.uslegal.com/p/public-event  if it is taking place in a public place that is another question . 
  in that case we should have and have laws against discrimination . 
  it does n't matter where the event is being help . 
  many public events are on private property . 
   it is a private festival i am sorry but that is not correct . 
  if it was invitation based that would be true but since anybody ( women ) can buy tickets that is not the case . 
  it is a public event . 
   i 've also had my shirt torn open once because a women wanted to know how hairy my chest was . 
  you should 've torn open her shirt to see how hairy her chest was ? 
   4 day festival where i do n't take a shower all weekend so . . like my normal weekend ? 
  well it it against the freedom of individual . 
  because . . if you are a woman you can get in , if you are not you can not . 
  so in this case you are not `` free '' to be anything you want if you understand . 
  did you happened to use axe ? 
  i 've heard it has that effect . 
  well in my book liberal means firstly freedom . 
  so i do n't understand why so many are against it . 
  as a liberal should n't you be anti-discrimination ? 
  you should check your czechia privilege before you reply to me . 
  do n't you know czechia privilege  romania privilege . 
  i 'll go and burn a car for this you fascist !, 
  you 're from sweden , you should n't talk like that !, 
  because it 's [ future year ] ? 
  well if you get in your car and they still attack then it 's an attack on your life and you should be able to use any force to protect yourself . 
  so you can not protect yourself and your property against destruction ? 
  you just stand and watch ? 
  you did n't follow the discussion . 
  it was about an european military alliance . 
  just like nato but only european members . 
  i know the nato part . 
  and if you read the whole discussion , i am very thankful for nato . 
  does germany have troops in romania ? 
  how many ? 
  and the big question , if romania was attacked , would germany fight as an ally with us ? 
  i think not . 
   why are you arguing economy when discussing security ? 
  because they go hand in hand ? 
   fire burns the house of both poor and rich . 
  when it comes to our security , an invasion of any kind endangers us . 
  not quite right .
