  it 's like we have that right ... 
   defamation who says it 's defamation , slander ? 
  only a judge can . 
  i 100 % agree about violent threats , but they are already covered by law so why is this necessary ? 
  so if i say like `` refugees are ruining my country , no more '' is that a threat ? 
  because this is the kind of posts that got police to people 's door from what i read . 
  wow ... so much hate speech . 
  reddit should delete this . 
  but if i say i hate all turks is not ok ? 
  ( i do n't but i should be allowed to say ) if you say `` we should burn them all on the stake '' then it 's inciting to physical violence/murder and you can contact authorities . 
  well for those there are already laws that are applied . 
  this is for not saying what the government does n't want . 
  do you have the right not to be offended ? 
  if yes , you just offended me by enabling censorship . 
  so judges order to delete these posts or facebook ? 
  i think the latter . 
  and ignoring it is as bad as exaggerating . 
  first step to recovery is admiting you have a problem . 
  but then why is this thread saying : nothing to see here . . move along . 
  that is a definition you pulled out of your ass . 
  so is china racist ? 
  or japan ? 
  or south korea ? 
  how is that person racist ? 
  what did he say that made you believe he s racist . 
  also how can you defend the actions of those people harassing that guy that did n't say or do anything to them . 
  yeah that 's right . . 
  turn europe into safe space by ... defending free speech ? 
  retarded logic . . 
  the management tax is payed to companies in tax heaven around the world . 
  that 's how big companies get money out of romania without paying taxes ( they report 0 or low profit but everyone knows it 's a sham ) . 
  well it has the biggest it sector also . 
  why the hell should we share some territory with hungary ? 
   how would romania with all their neighbouring allies be able to defend against russian attack ? 
  well you have to fight back . 
  if someone wants to kidnap you , you just go along ? 
   why buying military equipment when russia acts through cybernetic attacks and economic/diplomatic pressures ? 
  just like in ukraine ? 
  well it 's not like what was leaked was n't true . 
  democrats should blame themselves for having such corrupt people , like the one who worked for cnn as analyst and leaked questions to the clinton campaign about from a future debate . 
  last year i visited stockholm , malmo and copenhagen . 
  i liked most copenhagen ( sorry to say ) . 
  it 's such an interesting mix of old and new . 
  also that neighborhood `` christiania '' where you could buy weed like a christmas market ( not my thing though ) and the driverless metro . . 
  strange ... 
  why not malmo ? 
  btw . . stockholm is very expensive . 
  i had to control my beer drinking . . 
  on the long run it 's a bad decision not to sanction big companies when they break the law . 
  also it hurts the ones that play fair ( psa , fiat , etc ) the ec sanctions american companies like google because they exists but wo n't touch internal monopols . 
  well from what i know it 's the only country where you can pay not to go to jail . 
  wow . . you 've got a lot of cars there ... 
  laws for thee but not for me . 
  also high catholic priest should not be charged with pedophilia because it would damage the church . 
  so it 's like you either take me or i ll kill myself !, 
   this discussion is over . 
  yeah it is . 
  how about the part that us made germany what it is today by investing tens of billions of dollars in it . 
  germany is free to ask whatever it wants but it should be very grateful towards america . 
  russia on the other side only made life worse for everybody under it 's tentacles . 
   but the point is you do n't understand the climate in germany . 
  die linke might go up and down parading a return to socialism , may 1st riots might smash against the police , but it 's a conservative country . 
  you 're taking outliers , but have no clue of the fundamentals . 
  i really do n't care . 
  migrants see on tv that they are wanted and welcome ( by many left wing politicians ) and they want to go there . 
  yeah all migrants want to go to germany/sweden . 
  why should the rest of europe take them ? 
   why do n't i just personally get a rifle and restore libyan and syrian government we can pay to act like a buffer state ? 
  is that the question ? 
  no but we can turn around the boats to libya where they came from . 
  or france can take them because they are partly guilty of whats now in libya . 
   how are ngos to blame for smugglers being pieces of shit and sending people off on the sea on improvised boats ? 
  they know the risk of getting to europe , still they go on . 
  they are n't victims , they are also guilty . 
   this is the same logic that blames women when they are raped by men who claim they could n't help it because they were wearing `` revealing '' clothes . 
  queue `` victim blaming '' ... 
  okay . 
  but you got it wrong . . 
  the ong are n't getting raped and i blame them ... 
  they are not victims . 
  it 's easy without them -  less migrants would risk the voyage -  less deaths . 
   i think whatever you use for a news source needs dumping for the sake of your mental health . 
  just search `` welcome refugees '' pictures . 
  https://www.commondreams.org/sites/default/files/styles/cd_large/public/headlines/refugees_welcome_dublin.jpg?itok=iuztpeut this is the first one . 
  do n't tell me , it 's shopped ? 
   stop being edgy , pick up a book , go to your universities international relations talks/meetings , there 's a lot you can learn . 
  lol , you sound like a politician ... you know the ones who talk much but do n't do absolute anything . 
   german 's do n't want refugees they are the only country with `` welcome refugees '' parades . 
  that 's why the refugees come , because they think they are welcome , and that 's germany 's and sweden 's fault . 
  they should take all the refugees . 
   so now she 's working on getting them back to africa good luck with that . 
  never gon na happen . 
  because it 's raciss, 
  but ngos like medics are the one that are encouraging them ... 
  so the ngo are partly cause of their deaths . 
  no taking selfies with every refugee like the rest of politicians ? 
  so why are they voting for a populist ? 
  if that 's what germans want , then give them ( refugees ) and leave the rest of europe alone . 
  if you search `` merkel refugee '' you will see a shit-ton of refugees taking selfies with merkel where she is smiling . 
  how on earth does n't that gives the impression they are not welcome ?
