there 's a great variety in the polls between nations that mostly varies from bad to horrifying in their views . 
  that 's not true though , is it ? 
  it varies from bad to fairly acceptable , as far as i can tell . 
   a few thousand militia gain control over millions . 
  that does n't happen without local support no matter how ugly the implication . 
  very inconvenient and painful , but true . 
  isis number estimates range between 20k and 200k . 
  against an unarmed civilian population ? 
  certainly seems feasible to me . 
   the refugees are mostly sunnis fleeing from assad . 
  a few that have fled isis too , sure . 
  in syria , yes . 
  in iraq or afghanistan ? 
  certainly not . 
  this is completely beside the point though . 
   i do n't care about christianity , but the nations in the world who treat their citizens and minorities the best are all culturally christian . 
  that 's where enlightenment has taken root . 
  the nations in the world who treat their citizens and minorities the best all have secular governments . 
  where did christian governments lead us back in the day ? 
  where is america headed right now under `` christian '' leadership ? 
   appealing to ` generalizations = bad ' simply does n't work here says who ? 
  you ? 
  i disagree . 
   and how has this tolerance/patience developed the more your countrymen and mine have come into contact with more and more refugees ? 
  interestingly enough , the most vocal opponents of germany 's immigration policies all live in and the greatest electoral successes of the affiliated parties have all taken place in areas of the country where people have had little to no contact with the immigrants at all . 
  what does that say about your and their views ? 
  your entire argumentation continues to hinge on the idea that there are one or two corrent interpretations of islam , a concept which can be used to easily categorise radical and moderate believers into a single group . 
  this simply is n't the case , as your poll shows quite clearly . 
  attempting to defend this obvious fallacy with a lazy `` appealing to ` generalizations = bad ' simply does n't work here '' just wo n't cut it , i 'm afraid . 
  finally , a compliment . 
  it really takes stones to even attempt to confidently claim that my side of this debate are destroying the eu . 
  last time i checked , brexit was driven by ukip and marie le pen was pushing the same agenda in france , as well as geert wilders in holland , norbert hofer in austria , and their right-wing compatriots ( your buddies ) in virtually every other country in the eu . 
  more populist crap . 
  where 's your source for this `` open-armed welcoming of isis '' ? 
  last time i checked , these people were fleeing isis . 
  oh well , facts do n't really count , do they ? 
  just go with your gut . 
  you 've openly admitted a number of times that you have no statistics or data concerning the purported fundamentalist nature of the syrian refugees ( [ cough ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-syrian-refugees-islam-religion-mosques-too-conservative-strict-a7384146.html ) ) . 
  your polls lack any kind of uniformity of opinion and , if anything , show a great divide among muslims in the interpretation of islam , yet you continue to claim that they indicate an inherently violent nature to their religion , a conclusion i frankly find it difficult to comprehend . 
  i fail to see the point of your comparison . 
  bolivia has a literacy rate of over 95 % , the rate in afghanistan is just over 30 . 
  perhaps you might want to look into the treatment of the lgbt community in nigeria ? 
  i 'm not going to point to the obvious historical examples of atrocities committed in the name of christianity , how about something more recent ? 
  the `` lord 's resistance army '' ( led by none other than joseph kony ) style themselves as christians and have been responsible for the displacement of over two million people . 
  child soldiers , rape , large-scale slaughter ... 
  probably still not enough , though , is it ? 
  i 'm not saying christianity is evil ( obviously ) . 
  i 'm saying there 's more than one way to interpret it ( i do n't see any christians here in europe stoning homosexuals , as the bible tells them to ) , a principle that also applies to islam . 
  stop trying to paint a black and white picture of the world , it simply does n't apply and will only serve to make you look stupid . 
  finally :  they are n't welcome . 
  luckily , that is n't your decision , since ( for the time being , at least ) your views are not the views of the majority in your or my country , a fact which i ca n't deny gives me great satisfaction . 
  i 'm not getting a lot of actual content from this response of yours . 
  in my experience , fundamentalism has a lot more to do with a lack of education than with an affiliation to a certain religion . 
  there 's a reason why there 's a strong correlation between high education and irreligion . 
  go to certain african countries and you 'll be shocked by the local interpretation of christianity , for instance . 
  since the standard of education in syria was high ( and the lifestyle in the cities was fairly similar to our own ) , i see no reason to assume that there would be any similarities at all to their neighbouring countries . 
  the syrian refugees i have met so far have reinforced this view . 
  thirty years ago , protestants and catholics in ireland were blowing each other up over religious disagreements . 
  would you pin their actions on catholicism ? 
  i think not . 
  likewise , if you think there is one single valid interpretation of sunni islam , you 've been spending to much time listening to the ignorant spoutings of a certain geert wilders . 
  oh please , stop trying to paint yourself as a martyr . 
  nobody hear is calling your right to speak your mind into question . 
  but when your opinions are crass ( and you are voicing them on such a divisive topic ) , there 's going to be one hell of a backlash . 
  the biggest issue i have with your statements is the tendency to generalise . 
  constantly . 
  `` i 'm sure there are some immigrants who are nice but '' ( there 's always a but ) `` on a whole , they 're misogynists with no respect for civil law '' . 
  well , horseshit . 
  you can find ten surveys that prove your viewpoint and i can find ten that prove mine , and in the end we 'll both have proven nothing at all . 
  in your generalisations , you completely ignore the fact that these immigrants are from a large variety of different countries with completely different cultures , societies , judicial systems etc. 
  your lack of distinction here does n't come as a surprise to me , clearly to you they 're all muslims and islam is evil . 
  i might even have been tempted to agree with your concerns about immigrants from , say , afghanistan , a country with a very high percentage of analphabetism and generally low standards of education . 
  syria , on the other hand , always had a fairly high educational standard and even a secular government ( until the civil war ) . 
  yet in discussions with you , these two groups seem to have been lumped into one apparently homogenous `` immigrant '' category in spite of their very easily discernible differences . 
  these are the kind of argumentative mistakes that make it so difficult for me to take people like you seriously . 
  there is no one islam , just like there is no one christianity . 
  instead , what you 'll find is a myriad of variations on a shared theme . 
  obviously some of these variations are worrying . 
  however , your tendency to apply these worries to the world 's entire population of muslims disgusts me . 
  it simply is n't justified . 
  by the way , i find it fascinating that you specifically started a sentence with `` i hate '' in your first comment , then complained about me accusing you of hatred in your second . 
  there 's a certain irony to be found there . 
  did i say they were `` nice '' ? 
  if you read my post again i think you 'll find i did n't . 
  i said they had fairly average values . 
  there 's a world of difference in that statement , so i 'm not surprised you tried to twist it . 
  that 's an interesting survey , unfortunately it says little to nothing about europe , the immigrants who have arrived here , or the `` 3 + generations of muslims in europe '' . 
  as a matter of fact , surveys have shown that only 13 % of muslims in germany would favour sharia over civil law . 
  surveys aside , i have a fairly large number of muslim friends ( because i did n't grow up in a small village in the wrong half of germany ) , i grew up playing football in the park with turkish kids and i encountered and befriended a large number of foreigners and immigrants at school and university because i 'm not a xenophobic recluse , which means i have a sufficient amount of life experience in this area to enable me to confidently claim that most of what you 're saying is complete and utter bs . 
  your regurgitation of this country 's right-wing politicians ' statements is backed by zero ( yes , zero ) data . 
  who 's guilty of obfuscation now , huh ? 
  find another hapless victim for your fear-mongering tactics . 
  `` they do n't want to come here . '', 
  says who ? 
  your politicians ? 
  no , i suggest you grow up and start acting like a decent human being like the rest of us . 
  probably to much to ask ? 
  you obviously do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i 've actually encountered and spoken to a fairly large number of refugees here in germany , and ( obviously ) they 're all completely normal people with fairly average values . 
  ... which is the same thing surveys and studies here have shown again and again .
