  i 'm actually alarmed by how ukip supporting / r/unitedkingdom has become in the past few months . 
  the most annoying part about kippers is their persecution complex : `` someone vandalised ukip 's propaganda posters - this is discrimination !! '', 
  ( ignoring the fact that every party political poster under the sun has been vandalised at different points ) . 
  non-populist parties tend to be at least slightly realistic in their goals . 
  for example , they will admit that there will need to be tough decisions and this will involving either cutting public spending or raising taxes . 
  a populist party , on the hand , pretty much says `` we 'll give you everything want and a unicorn as a bonus '' . 
  this leads to the basis of ukip 's other policies such as repealing the ban on guns , bringing back smoking in pubs , etc. 
  actually , i 'm pretty much as pro-federalist as they come - i just do n't think the world is as black and white as people on this subreddit tend to believe ... 
  all that suggests that there are russians who are scared that the negative press about their country will turn into an us vs them racial conflict . 
  if all the press about your country was negative and there was a growing resentment towards everything of your nationality , you 'd be inclined to defend your country as well . . 
  do n't you know , all russians are evil uncivilized lizards sent to destroy the human race . 
  we need the holy and completely infallible eu to shine the light on these savages ... ( seriously though , the discussion of russians as if they were some unholy bogeyman sent to destroy our way of life is frankly out of control on this subreddit . 
  just because some guys who happen to be in charge of russia are evil dick heads does n't mean that all russians are evil dick heads . 
  and let 's stop pretending the eu has its hands clean on the `` let 's help destabilise a government who are n't on our side by aiding a rebel faction '' front . ), 
  from what i have gathered from interactions with a hard-core communist - the relationship with the russian federation is complicated . 
  on one hand russia is clearly not communist . . on the other hand they tend to be the first to support self proclaimed socialist regimes ( eg syria ) . 
  my experience might not be the best though - the same guy also claims north korea is n't that bad and all claims that it is , is simply propaganda by the neo imperialist west ... 
  whilst i 'd say geographically and politically it is n't , it is often considered european in the cultural sense ( whether you consider it through its involvement in various european organisation or due to the fact that it 's practically the birthplace of the dominating european religion ) . 
  but the point is that there is no rational basis for the borders of europe being that way . 
  the borders of europe are what they are until that model of what constitutes europe becomes inconvenient to european needs . 
  canada and brazil yes . 
  however the blurriness of the european borders does in fact extend to the question of turkey and israel . 
  the marking that says that europe ends at istanbul is based entirely on completely arbitrary cultural/political conventions . 
  some maps would claim that turkey , azerbaijan , georgia and armenia are all parts of europe . 
  also turkey is a member of the council of europe so they are already in the european sphere in that respect . 
  simple solution , canada makes the uk it 's possession . 
  i personally welcome our maple syrup drinking overlords ... 
  eh , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  the borders that define where europe ends and asia/africa begins are kinda blurry and depend on the context . 
  the point therefore is that much like poland expected to be attacked by germany , they also should have expected that france and the uk would probably screw them over . . 
  in fairness , the uk had betrayed treaties and alliances for centuries - we did n't earn the title perfidious albion for nothing . 
  and it could be argued that this is therefore a failing of the ukrainian constitution to protect the right of self-determination . 
  now i should note , i agree russia is in the wrong in this situation . 
  a secession is a long , complicated and involved process that you ca n't rush by pointing a gun to people 's heads . 
  but i think the willingness of the us , eu and ukraine to even dismiss the notion that the people of crimea should have the right to decide who rules them ( i.e. 
  not even proposing a thorough consultation perhaps leading to moves towards a more structured referendum process ) is telling . . 
  i think the suggestion here is that the key objection that ukraine , the eu and us have to a crimean referendum is that the referendum should be nationwide . . 
  or the agreement would be that the united european state be called the commonwealth of the united kingdom and the european union . 
  the main issue with a federal europe is that we would lose the role of the queen which would be considered the end of britain as we know it for most of the population ( in other words any federal europe needs to somehow squeeze the queen in somewhere ), 
  my understanding is that sweden tends to have a much more aggressive stance when it comes to russia . 
  which is understandable - i 'd be more aggressive too towards a country that regularly violates my airspace . 
   someone needs to tell the uk government that there are these opaque things called ` folders ' you can stuff secret documents in so you do n't have them constantly photographed every time you stroll around downing street . 
  given how long it took the uk government to realise that casually carrying around usbs sticks containing the personal details of half the population is a bad idea , i think we have a while before our government starts doing that ... 
  the uk has n't really been watching the catalonia situation that much . 
  the only sense we have been watching it is use to the fact that spain is worried to point out to the scots that spain may veto membership . 
  i mean we agreed to let the scots have a referendum . 
  if we can survive losing most of our empire in the past century , we can survive one more country breaking off ( and besides after scotland leaves , there are n't many breakaway nations left . 
  our overseas territories are more patriotic to the uk than we are , northern ireland we secretly want rid of anyway because it is effectively an economic blackhole and the people of wales only want autonomy not independence ( because its generally more advantageous to them to have the uk handle foreign affairs ) ), 
  except , as the uk was saying when the euro was conceived , and as we learned from the eurozone crisis - an economic union without a fiscal/political union is a recipe for disaster . 
   or are swedes annoying new agers ? 
  given new pagan for swedes means following the beliefs of norse mythology , i do n't blame them . 
  that mythos is truly spectacular . 
  in the uk university system , being prepared for the possibility of catering to a person with special needs usually is part of the job description . 
  in general , the protocol would be that the student would have a discussion with his assigned advisor to discuss whatever aid the student needs to help them learn . 
  it is then the university 's duty to provide whatever resources are necessary , within reason . 
  provisions in this case may include giving braille handouts or having a designated helper . 
  my understanding is that a lot of the homophobia in russia stems from the caucasus region which is marred by civil conflict . 
  that and the fact that the rest of russia is still suffering from the fallout of the ussr means russia is n't in a great position . 
  and [ here 's ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/books/pix/pictures/2009/11/10/1257863891197/1950s-london-in-the-fog-001.jpg ) a picture of great britain in the 1950s . 
  the point is that any country can be painted as good or bad by selecting the right images . 
  much like englishrussia cherry picks the good parts of the ussr , all you 've done is cherry pick the bad parts of the ussr . 
  just to carry this point home : * [ look at how run down north england is !, 
  ] ( http://cdn2.spectator.co.uk/wp-content/blogs.dir/11/files/2012/12/4938892023_0c55662296_b.jpg ) * [ milan is such an awful place ] ( http://www.roadjunky.com/wp-content/uploads/images/1949.jpg ) * [ denmark looks like a bomb 's hit it ] ( http://media.salon.com/2013/10/denmark-storm.jpeg-1280x960.jpg ) * [ there are fires literally everywhere in sweden ] ( http://www.zerohedge.com/sites/default/files/images/user3303/imageroot/2013/05/20130522_sweden3.jpg ) * [ france is truly awful ] ( http://southernnationalist.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/youth-riot-in-france.jpg ) tl ; dr yes , we get it , russia has a worse human rights record that most western countries . 
  now can we stop pretending we prove our point by posting the most unflattering pictures of russia we can find ? 
  is n't the concept of ultra-nationalists supporting ultra-nationalists of a different cultural background kind of . . you know , contradictory ? 
  if they became the primary component of the union , denmark . . ironic considering our history ... 
  because we disagree massively on other issues - such as whether its okay to spy on our allies ... 
  that 's exactly my point . 
  if murdoch has this much influence despite not being prime minister , imagine the power berlusconi had over the italian people . 
  the problem is that berlusconi owns most of the media in italy - which kinda helps his campaign . 
  imagine if rupert murdoch was prime minister , and you realise the problem the italians had . . 
  berlusconi 's government passed legislation in 2003 which grants leading politicians immunity from prosecution ... berlusconi was on trial at the time . 
  i have mixed feelings about this issue because on one hand i do not want to live in a uk that is not a member of the eu , but on the other hand , why should n't we have a referendum ? 
  the issue is that to have a referendum is inevitable - the more we put it off the more extreme the views on eu membership will become . 
  the reason the people 's views are shit in this instance is n't because the people are incapable of forming good opinions , but because the people are not being provided with enough information to form a good opinion . 
  on one side we have the pro-euro group saying `` trust us , we know what 's best for you '' without providing any further clarification whilst on the other side we have the anti-euro groups spewing a load of hyperbole about how the eu is literally hitler . 
  my fear about the tory proposal for a eu referendum is not the prospect of a eu referendum - a referendum is the only way the british public can be happy . 
  the fear is a eu referendum whose pro-europe campaign is headed by people who are too timid and fearful of losing ratings to give the side the justice it so desperately needs . 
  we need people who can proudly sell all the benefits of the eu and to cast away the hyperbole - and at the moment we do n't have anyone who can do that . . 
   would you care to explain why it is wrong for someone who has made themselves wealthy to think that taxes on people as wealthy as themselves should be higher ? 
  i occasionally use the term `` champagne socialist '' , however i do not usually mean someone who is wealthy whilst talking socialism . 
  the problem is not whether or not the person is wealthy , the problem is that a certain percentage of those who are wealthy and `` socialist '' have an attitude that makes them no different from those they claim to be fighting against . 
  they talk about how the poor should be treated equally , but act as if the poor are lesser people . 
  if someone is poor and does n't support socialism , it is not because they formed their own opinion , it 's because they are being brainwashed . 
  because apparently being poor means you are incapable of having educated opinions on a subject . 
  it is up to these great `` socialist '' pioneers to make the decisions that empower us for us . 
  and along with this is the almost pity-like attitude , `` look at these people , they are forced to live on lambrini whilst we get to have expensive champagne , we need to help these people not be savages '' . 
  it 's both degrading and condescending . 
  tl ; dr wealthy socialists are n't the problem , hypocrites are . 
  `` those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it '' . 
  the point of the inquiry is not to hand out punishment to everyone who committed an atrocity , the point is to fully understand what on earth happened . 
  everyone looks at northern ireland and realises that the troubles have merely entered a dormant state rather than ended - the situation in ni is a constant ticking time bomb and the conflict will rise again . 
  our only hope is to learn about what happened last time so we know not to repeat the same mistakes again . 
   all the e.u. 
  governments unfortunately that includes the uk ... 
  i am seriously beginning to believe he is doing this clearly moronic shit deliberately ... 
  he promised this eu referendum in 2017 if the tories win even though he clearly sees the benefits of the uk staying in the eu ( i.e. 
  the promise was just something he said to appease his backbenchers ) . 
  now that he 's got himself in this awkward situation , he is doing everything in his power to be hated so that he does n't get re-elected . 
  if that 's not the case and he genuinely is that moronic ... oh dear god could one of our neighbours please liberate us of this moron ...
