   more german money to greeks ? 
  no chinese money is going to europeans , which in turn makes the issue with greece a little easier as technically this extra money was only possible due to the risk of greece defaulting . 
  i think the real `` and now i 'm suspicious '' is how convenient this is for the eurozone . 
  `` hey guys if we let things go out of control , maybe china will give us money ! '', 
  polygamy will be legalised in the commonwealth of european states , and thus merkel will marry elizabeth ii . 
   the economy is n't doing that bad , some might argue its going overall okay argentina has been suffering a technical debt crisis for almost a year purely because it refuses to pay off the bonds it bought when it last declared bankruptcy ... 
  when looking for examples of countries that have done well by defaulting , i did n't realise that anyone turned to argentina as a model example ... 
  currently , the only reason argentina is n't on the brink of open rebellion against the government is because the government have their rather effective distraction technique of constantly insisting that a couple of islands are theirs ... 
  `` it was labour who gave money to greece ! '', 
  it 's not very diplomatic , true . 
  but i do n't think any eu officials would think any of the opposition parties would not do the same thing . . 
  again , greece has historically had close relations with russia . 
  the previous prime minister has spoken to putin , the prime minister before that had close relations . 
  the idea that tsipiras is special in this respect is laughable ... of course greece would explore its options with russia , that 's what every other government would have done and eu officials know greece has this relationship . . 
  you are aware that the euro taking a dive will affect the pound heavily right ? 
  we 're talking a repeat of 2008 all over again , except this time the tories ca n't blame labour when things go to shit . . 
  every former greek government has paid russia a visit ... 
  i think someone here a few weeks ago panned out a scenario of what was going to happen that it would now just be a period of greece having `` technically defaulted but not really '' , with various political parties in different countries spinning that how they will to suit their own purposes . 
   livestreams on tv about what she was doing were on all day . 
  coming soon : eu and queen elizabeth ii agree to merge the british commonwealth into the eu establishing the queen as the head of the european union . 
  ffs , i was actually on syriza 's side until this . 
  well done guys , you broke the entire country over nitpicking ... 
  the resulting recession from the fallout of this will be fun , i wonder if the media will spin it as a tory recession like they did with labour ? 
  i guess what i 'm asking , is why the uk gets special treatment , whilst greece does n't ? 
  ( and the obvious point is that this is almost exactly what the greek people and other faltering members of the eurozone will probably be asking ... ), 
  yeah as i said elsewhere , the biggest mistake in eurozone history ( aside from setting up a currency union without a fiscal union ) was ever thinking it was a good idea to let greece into the eurozone . 
  that 's a pretty fucking huge translation glitch . 
  it 's gone from `` greece is inevitably going to leave the eu '' to `` they almost certainly wo n't leave the eu unless the greek people want it '' . 
  whilst it 's a requirement for new members to join the euro , it surely is n't a requirement for existing members to keep the euro . . else the uk would have left a long time ago ... 
  hell it 's true even in the uk , small businesses will either have a minimum charge , or make the customer pay a `` card charge '' . 
  so you are allowed to be a member of the eu and not in the eurozone , but you are not allowed to be a member of the eu and leave the eurozone ? 
  edit : not to mention there is a referendum on the uk 's membership of the eu coming up . 
  whilst greece defaulting will cause polls to start leaning toward exit , if the eu starts giving an impression that it has no tolerance for those not in the eurozone , that will push the polls further toward exit . 
  and if greece was kicked out of the eu and then made a miraculous recovery in the next 2 years - well the eu may as well start saying goodbye to the uk . 
  edit 2 : the reality is , everyone knew greece 's only option is to leave the euro . 
  the biggest mistake was letting them become a euro zone member in the first place . 
  the austerity measures were never going to be sustainable , people in greece were already dying in the streets , and it would n't be like the moment they pay off their debts they could bring back spending . 
  whilst i think pensions are overrated , and syriza should have just given on that , ultimately syriza has done the job of ripping off the plaster , it will hurt like a bitch in the short term , but if greece can pull an iceland , may be better for everyone ( except creditors , and maybe any political party campaigning on the basis that being in debt is a disaster ) . 
  ( also regarding syriza , i think people need to remember that this entire problem was caused because nd/pasok engaged in large scale institutional corruption for the past quarter of a century . 
  if people think the situation in greece would be better in the long term if the people had voted nd/pasok , think again . 
  there 's a reason why even though the greeks support the euro , and even despite the talks of defaulting , public support of syriza has never been higher ( its just a shame they are a populist party , rather than a proper left party ... ) ), 
  the bright side for us is that the resulting recession will result in the tories being blamed for causing the global recession , and thus they will be forced to call it even with labour ... 
  it has generally improved actually . 
  last year you would have comment threads upvoted advocating for the use of military force against refugees , and advocating genocide against roma . . 
  it was the mods starting a crackdown that pushed the more undesirable elements to / r/european . 
  you 're an international organisation wanting to get more recruits to fight a perceived enemy , how do you convince the people you want to recruit that your enemy is their enemy , by turning your enemy against your potential recruits . 
  they want islam to be hated , because then the west will turn against muslims , which will in turn encourage muslims to turn towards them . 
  the left-right political spectrum classification is all relativist bullshit anyway . 
  they 're not as extreme as np , but they are still right of all the uk parties ( although the tories are giving them a run for their money ), 
   but then why take those positions when giving foreign media interviews ? 
  because their domestic audience are paying attention to statements they are making in foreign media ? 
  if they are saying one thing to greeks and another thing to everyone else , that would be seen as a betrayal of the greeks . 
  the politics of this is probably calmer than the narrative makes it appear . 
  the other countries do n't have animosity towards greece and does n't want to destroy greece - especially as this goes against the spirit of the eu . 
  they know that syriza has a democratic mandate from the people to pursue an anti-austerity bargain and that syriza conceding too much would undermine the greek people 's will . 
  undermining the greek people 's will is bad in the eyes of european politicians as it would suggest the eu does n't care about the sovereign democratic mandate of its members - which would anger greeks and fuel eurosceptics . 
  at the same time , they also have their own electorate to cater to who are sick of giving money to greece . 
  so the european leaders ca n't be seen as too willing to concede too much ground . 
  i think , the political game that is actually happening is everyone deliberately stalling so that they can find an agreement that gives syriza the ability to go back home and say `` we stuck by our word , and delivered what you voted for us for , and now things will be better for greece '' , whilst allowing the other leaders to go back home and say `` we 're confident greece will be able to pay its debts '', 
  so now the two anti-eu far-right groups are `` europe of freedom and direct democracy '' ( which in turn is a continuation of `` europe of freedom and democracy '' ) and `` europe of nations and freedom '' ... 
  originality is not their strong point , is it ? 
  and yet the concept of a united kingdom of scandinavia exists . 
  yes but i think they would consider buying a telltale game , playing it to completion then refunding it as abuse of the system ... 
  no eu regulation specifically states that for digital downloads , you waive your right the moment you download the software . 
  steam actually already modified their policy when the regulation was introduced - before you were allowed to get a refund within 14 days in the eu provided you did n't install the game . 
   where the polls failed hard , not sure if anyone can trust the numbers anymore . 
  actually , the polls correctly predicted the vote percentage within a reasonable margin , it was the seat distribution they got completely wrong . 
  but ... that number was literally in the article ? 
   latest polling shows that 58pc of syriza supporters would prefer to return to the drachma rather than continue implementing troika austerity measures . 
  ah i can always rely on / r/europe for some surprise eu4 . 
  i just think this graph is a bit misleading as one could be led into thinking that pensions in greece are higher than in the uk ... 
   cameron 's backbenchers want out of the eu , because a `` leave eu '' result on the referendum is a strong possibility . 
  questionable , all indications point to the majority of us wanting to remain in the eu , and that has n't changed for the past year . 
  polls have been pretty stable lately . 
  in the latest poll ( may 29th ) , 55 % of people would vote to remain in the eu regardless of if there were reforms , with 45 % wanting to leave . 
  if the uk got the renegotiated reforms , then 58 % of people would vote to remain in the eu , with only 25 % wanting to leave . 
  note , that 58 % of syriza supporters actually want to return to the drachma , and currently syriza are polling highly ( higher than they were when they were elected in fact - a snap election could actually work very well in their favour , pasok are dead , and syriza becoming moderate has meant nd is bleeding voters to syriza ) . 
  the question is , is this because the pensions are high , or because the gdp is so low ? 
   can we prevent this from happening ? 
  yes , we can actually get our arses in gear and actually meet our co2 emission targets ... 
   the four million people who voted for ukip probably are n't undecided voters . 
  even further , not every one in the four million is possibly in favour of leaving the eu . 
  the narrative during the election was n't of ukip being the anti-eu party but of ukip being a right-wing party that was more down with the public than the established parties . 
  some people voted ukip because they did n't want conservatives , labour or lib dems . 
  welcome to a career in programming !, 
  they probably should n't rest on this idea too strongly - all current polls indicate that over 40 % would vote to remain in the eu regardless of reforms , and the 17 % of unsures are more likely to vote in favour of the status quo . 
  he is right though that reforms would change the outcome of the referendum to a much more comfortable 58 % in favour of remaining in the eu . 
  based on current polls , only 10 % of potential voters have reforms as a deal maker/breaker . 
   i do n't think most people get the whole multi party coalition thing to get more votes as a bloc . 
  is n't a major feature of us politics that the two parties are essentially coalitions of very disparate ideological beliefs ? 
  it sounds like some lidl knock-off brand of weetabix . 
  hey , they do n't know how australia will do yet ... 
  hey , lena did it in 2010 ... 
  `` when you hear our voices call / you wo n't be lonely anymore '' ... because we 'll invade you . 
  here 's a song about world peace ... from russia ... 
  so here 's a song that beat malta 's song also called `` warrior '', 
  as a side note , russia is singing about world peace as well . . 
  you got your wish, 
  both, 
  nah , it 's an emotional song that makes no sense unless you are romanian , except halfway through they go english .
