  they have always been highly restricted when it comes to internet usage ( you only get a 500mb-2gb monthly usage limit and if you are on pay as you go you only get 50mb daily ) . 
  i would imagine they 'd try to block vpns because heaven forbid someone on pay as you go try to use a vpn to bypass their ability to detect whether or not you are tethering your phone ... 
  in fairness , proximity is a big issue when [ russia has been simulating attacks on swedish military targets . 
  ] ( http://www.osw.waw.pl/en/publikacje/ceweekly/2013-04-24/sweden-s-reaction-to-a-simulated-russian-attack ) personally i feel that the cold war is something that keep raising its head every other decade , it is very clear with the syria conflict that the rhetoric between russia and the us is very much back on the offensive ... 
  i always found it fascinating how massively patriotic the overseas territories ... it 's almost un-british how patriotically british they are . . 
  [ the actual current russian national anthem ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aoatz8xwm0w ) , it 's pretty much the same song only the lyrics talk more about god and how large and diverse their land is as opposed to the communist struggle . 
  we should be entitled to the evidence however when the stakes are whether or not we should fire missiles at people ... as you say , this makes situations difficult and leaves room for abuse . 
  we can morally posture about the people killed in the gas attacks , but we are not doing those killed justice if we end up punishing the wrong group of people because the most influential country fabricated evidence to fulfil its own political agenda ( i 'm not saying that the us has done that , but until we see the evidence we can not be sure ) . 
  wait ? 
  we need an excuse to quarrel ? 
  in fairness it may soon become 4 parties ... unfortunately the 4th party are a bunch of crazy nationalists ... 
  if i may use your username to make a point , the issue is that we have yet to see the `` legitimate source '' that says assad definitely 100 % beyond a shadow of a doubt committed the gas attacks . 
  the us and original uk response was equivalent to delivering the verdict before the trial . 
  we 'd be much more pro-intervention , if everyone would be willing to let the un do their job and investigate and scrutinise exactly what happened . 
  if the us have evidence they should present it to the un to aid in the investigation . 
  present all the evidence to be scrutinised and validated by the un . 
  if the un agrees all evidence is valid and points to the correct conclusion then we have two scenarios : 1 ) russia and china agree that the case is valid , and a un resolution is passed which obligates everyone to take action ( even the uk ) or 2 ) russia and china veto a resolution in the face of overwhelming evidence . 
  then we can ignore the un and do it anyway , but this way everyone can agree we took the proper steps and that we are in the right and russia and china will lose diplomatic influence . 
  that is all we want , no more , no less . 
  the writing skills of the sun journalists are good , it 's just that they pander to the lowest common denominator ... 
  because in order to be close to europe , we have to be willing to share the european tendency to hold an anti-us circlejerk / s, 
  people are really reading way too much into the `` france , our oldest allies '' comment . 
  john kerry 's speech deliberately was specifically referring to countries that were going to join the intervention , the uk is n't joining the intervention therefore why would he mention the uk ? 
  and oldest allies would be a correct sentence due to the whole revolutionary war business . . 
  the uk and us being allies only really started in the past century . 
  wellll ... it 's north of surrey , therefore everything north of me is northern ... ( yeah i admit i may have had a brainfart there ... ), 
  in fairness , this was in response to the fyrom propaganda that the greeks were literally oppressing native macedonians in aegean macedonia , along with such ideas as [ united macedonia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ) . 
  i 've heard germany has this in some parts ( though i would need a german to correct me on this ) , but it 's almost completely unheard of in britain . 
  geordie , liverpudlian , birmingham - they are all fairly difficult for me to comprehend , whilst i find the scottish accent relatively clear . 
   cypriot accent is to greek what scottish accent is to english . 
  we 're actually fairly okay with the scottish accent , it 's the north english accent that is incomprehensible . . 
  my first experience of greek wine was when my ex , whose family own a small vineyard in crete , brought some of his family 's homebrew wine . 
  i 've since developed a preference for greek wine although the only greek wine sold in any store in my local area is mavrodaphne of patras . 
  my knowledge of greek history : - everything about ancient greece - you ca n't have a history education in a western country without that - managed to continue the eastern roman empire for a significant amount of time after the western half collapsed - was eventually annexed by the ottomans in 1453 - made a spectacular comeback in the 1800s ( although in fairness to the turks , it was only in the previous century that the ottoman empire went full batshit crazy - greeks had been held in high regard and held top government positions before then ( after who would be better qualified in running an empire than the greeks ) ) . 
  - the big public holiday commemorating wwii events for greeks is ohi day , celebrated on october 28th and commemorates the day that the greek prime minister at the time rejected an ultimatum ( that greece allow axis troops to station themselves in strategic locations in greece or else ) made by mussolini . 
  whilst greece would then be annexed by the germans , this ended up being very costly for them since the greek civilian resistance was incredibly strong . 
  the resistance faced in the battle of crete in particular knocked the germans back enough to reconsider their air invasion policy . 
  - in the 1970s , after election polls showed that the people may vote for a socialist party , the greek military staged a coup and ran the country as a junta dictatorship ( oh by the way , this junta was actively supported by the us whilst mostly ignored by western europe - since apparently having a fascist dictatorship was much more preferable to having freely elected socialists ) - most recently almost suffered full financial meltdown other knowledge : - prince philip ( infamous prince in the united kingdom ) , once held the title of prince of greece in his early days - phone conversation with greek parents mostly involve the words : `` ne '' , `` ohi '' and `` entaxei '' . 
  - their food and wine is probably some of the most underrated . 
  in particular , their wine is amazing . 
  also i urge everyone to try souvlaki with some tzatziki . 
  moussaka is also brilliant - greeks really know how to make an iced coffee . 
  - probably one of the more progressive states on the balkan peninsula - although is as susceptible ( if not more so ) to balkan nationalism and institutionalised racism . 
  their treatment of immigrants in particular is appalling by human rights standards . 
  - related to this , cultural identity is considered much more important than national identity . 
  - greek orthodoxy is much less fragmented than western denominations with the majority of the country worshipping it ( then again if you have ever been to a greek orthodox ceremony , they are much more fun and upbeat than the clinical crap we do in the catholic-derived faiths ) . 
  - as well as celebrating their birthdays , greeks also celebrate their `` names day '' which is the day of the patron saint that shares their name ( so if your name is georgios , then you would celebrate your names day on st georgios ' day ( or st george 's day for english folk ) ) . 
  - new years is a more important celebration than christmas ( or rather they will give each other presents on new years rather than christmas ) . 
  - elena paparizou could be an international pop sensation if she actually tried to be one . 
  - have national conscription ( which surely ca n't help with their financial problem given the amount of money that needs to be invested in training ) but various loopholes make it possible to get out of it . 
  i have a circle of very close greek friends ... 
  he was talking about the power of veto within the eu itself ( the one that britain uses almost every time there is a proposed reformed ) . 
  i think it would be a looser form of federalism . 
  the uk would n't be too keen to give up the monarchy as head of state so the federation would probably allow component states to run their state governments how the people desire . 
  aside from that i would imagine the european parliament being elected as it is now , with direct democracy determining the president . 
  where possible states need to be shrunk to keep a proportional state constitution . 
  as such , scotland , wales and northern ireland would become independent of the uk ( which would be the state of england ) , also i can imagine france and germany completely dissolving as entities with the french regions , german states all being european states . 
  similar situation in spain and italy . 
  military would be locally trained but centrally controlled . 
  economy would be in the euro and controlled centrally . 
  there would need to be some work though in still allowing heads of governments in individual states to have a say without detracting from the federal government . 
  also we might want to consider asking switzerland and liechtenstein if they would consider joining as federal states so that we do n't have to a giant hole in our borders ... 
  i know , it was purely light-hearted ... 
  it 's a surprise france and britain do n't get along more - both the french and the british hate the french and the british :p, 
  i think there first has to be some major reforms in the european parliament ( meps should n't be getting a salary for turning up at 6pm just to clock in ) . 
  also the lack of democratic mandate is a huge issue that needs to be addressed . 
  then of course there is the cultural disparity between north-west and south-east europe ( living only within your means vs living in the moment ) . 
  my prediction is that eventually france , belgium and the eu lowland countries will become a union state . 
  the uk would be invited to join the union but because this is the uk they would refuse . 
  ireland would join the union . 
  eventually this would be followed by spain and portugal . 
  it is unlikely the balkan states or greece would join the union state , since there is a lot of nationalist sentiment within these countries . 
  the other problem of course is organisational - even if the uk joined we 'd be very reluctant to give up our monarchy , so we 'd need a system that allowed the constitutional presence of a monarch in a state ... 
  it 's a tie between denmark , sweden , the netherlands or germany . 
  denmark and sweden because i love scandinavia and i love the liberal attitude towards lgbt . 
  plus they are home of some good software developers . 
  the netherlands for very similar reasons and home to some very nice research institutes . 
  in all three of the above there is the additional bonus that from what i 've seen , i feel very compatible with the culture the three present . 
  germany because it is the powerhouse of the european union . 
  there is a lot of opportunity there . 
  plus i know some german , so i 'd find it much easier to survive :p . 
  ** united kingdom ** * after months of complaining that the eu does absolutely nothing for us , our government has asked the eu to intervene in our squabble with spain . 
  related to this , some spanish citizens have been sending death threats via twitter to the gibraltan chief minister and holding protests on the border . 
  * a recently deceased woman leaves # 500,000 to the coalition government after she put in her will that the money should go to `` whoever is in government '' . 
  * our olympic 4x100m relay team is disqualified and loses a medal * our prime minister tries to convince the public that they should definitely support fracking across the country . 
  * people keep complaining about putting a high-speed rail network in ... * lots of people got their a-level results and thus were able to confirm their university places ... after years of complaining that the exams were getting too easy , the daily mail now complains about the drop in top grades . 
  * an independent investigation by our advertising standards agency has started after complaints about home office hired vans with messages telling illegal immigrants to `` go home or face the consequences '' were spotted driving specifically in places known to have a minority community ... * a rare species of butterfly might be saved after a generous donation . 
  * a panda kept at edinburgh zoo might be pregnant . 
  ah yes , i heard of this actually - it kind of helps the poor and homeless to earn money . 
  which is great , because it helps the community - the homeless are able to earn money to live but at the same time the homeless are helping in recycling . 
  the worst part about the more bins aspect is that with the right infrastructure you do n't need more than one bin . 
  constituencies that are labour-run tended to have worked this out a few years ago . 
  thankfully it seems the tory-run constituencies are finally catching up to this . . 
  according to the [ united nations statistics division ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eastern_europe#un ) , the ex yugoslavian region is considered part of southern europe . 
  most sources seem to say yugoslavia is either east-central , south , or south-east . 
  we apparently used to have it back in the 80s , but we dropped it because in true british fashion , the way we implemented was too complicated ... we then briefly considered it in 2010 but the government quietly decided not to follow up on it ... 
  i 've heard that bottle deposit schemes seem to work quite well in germany . 
  the idea is that when you buy any product in a bottle , you also get charged a very small ( up to 25c ) deposit . 
  once you finished the product , you can reclaim the deposit if you bring it back to the retailer . 
  if the person brings the bottle back to reclaim the deposit then the attempt to go green works , if they do n't bring it back then the deposit money can be used for environmental projects .
