  forced relocations was like literally what they did ... 
  hell , we 're giving isis exactly what they want . 
  their strategy for gaining recruits is too spread propaganda trying to convince impressionable muslims that the west is out to get them and wants to purge them from existence , and that , therefore , they should be fighting against the west to protect islam . 
  they no longer need to lie now , as it is now a fact that the west is hostile towards islam . 
  a start towards radicalising the rest of the muslim population as they realise the west is literally threatening to purge them from existence , yes ... congratulations isis do n't even need to lie when spreading propaganda suggesting that the west is the enemy of all muslims now . 
  pat ourselves on the back , we 've helped isis achieve its goal of radicalising muslims to join their cause ... we sure showed those terrorists by giving them exactly what they wanted ... 
  the west hates islam and wants to purge every muslim in western nations . 
  that 's the message this incident has said . 
  it is now very easy for a muslim to believe that if they do n't begin the fight against france 's government now , their entire existence is under threat . 
  there 's a reason the country with the most oppressive laws against muslims has experienced the most terrorist attacks ... 
  thinking about it , regardless , killing erdogan would simply martyr him , which would simply rile up the islamist population even more . 
  their ideal scenario would have been him realising ( at gunpoint ) he 'd gone too far and resigning with a speech saying how secular values must be preserved . . 
  i 'm guessing the coup backers probably massively underestimated how much of a fight they would have to have . 
  they probably thought if they just rolled up and looked menacing whilst engaging in some large-scale vandalism , the government would surrender without anyone getting hurt . 
  the impression i got during the early stage of the evening was that they did n't actually want people to get hurt . 
  based on what 's being upvoted and downvoted in this thread , i think i just remembered why i distanced myself from this sub two years ago ... 
  i would imagine a base in foreign territory holding nukes would hold enough oil reserves to withstand any foreseeable siege . 
  gulen is the guy he blames for everything that goes wrong for him . . 
  well that 's not exactly going to work given the us powers its stuff with its own power supply ... edit : [ source ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/turkish-government-cuts-power-closes-airspace-incirlik-air/story?id=40634670 ), 
  i meant more that , for instance , in the 1980 military coup , the coup backers arrested 650,000 people within a few days . 
  suspiciously high number of people being arrested is a common theme ... 
  i should point out , i do n't think anyone is seriously convinced that the people being arrested are being arrested for any reason other than being a political opponent . 
  a more prominent point is that christian churches in germany ( and finand ) are granted devolved powers to collect church taxes . 
  members of churches are taxed through local authorities to provide revenues to the churches . 
  but yes , germany is generally considered a murky example . 
  a more direct question i ask you is whether you consider the uk , norway , denmark , greece and iceland to not be democracies , given they have state religions that are embedded in their government institutions ? 
  people seem to think that the us is so committed to appeasing erdogan to maintain its strategic relations with turkey that it would n't react even when erdogan explicitly becomes an obstacle to those strategic relations ... edit : people also seem to massively overestimate erdogan 's capabilities on the world stage ( like seriously , turkey does not have the military and economy strength to maintain a war against the rest of nato , and erdogan seriously cocked up relations with russia to get them on board ) . 
  plus doing this would likely piss off 60 % of the population ( only 40 % voted erdogan 's party , and i doubt erdogan can feasibly just purge 60 % of the population ) , he 'd have a civil war on his hands . 
  i 'd refer you to [ this article for that ] ( https://il.boell.org/en/2015/02/01/what-extent-germany-secular-state ) there are still quite a number of official documents in german legislature that invoke god . 
  ( oh also i would add greece , denmark , iceland and norway as democracies that have an official state religion ), 
  before you get too excited , whilst power has been shut down at the base , the us power their stuff with their own power supply - so the us base is still fully operational ( apart from the air space restrictions - worth noting that they have n't been told to not fly out for their own protection , they have been told to not fly out in order to respect the air space restrictions that turkey has put in place as naturally we would prefer a peaceful solution ) , it 's just the rest of nato 's stuff that is currently in a sketchy state . 
  if turkey attacked the base , erdogan would be toppled before the end of the day ... 
  if the us was involved , then the coup would have been successful . 
  germany is currently run by a party that literally calls itself the christian democratic union . 
  uk has the anglican church at the heart of its institutions . 
  in fairness , turkey has form for this , similar numbers are in the statistics of the 1980 military coup ( when the military succeeded ), 
  the list is n't titled `` list of people who were involved in the coup '' but `` list of people i really dislike '' . 
   erdogan was so high on power and fame as an aside that is probably the most logical explanation for erdogan 's foreign policy moves at this point . . 
  yeah people on this subreddit are acting as if erdogan has become supreme god dictator of the next reichstag , and that this event now means he will get away with literally everything . 
  but the reality is that erdogan and his posse are getting a little high off this whole `` narrowly avoiding having their lives cut short '' thing and are now massively overplaying their hand . 
  could you only send the party back to the stone age and not the whole country , i want to be able to visit istanbul at some point ... 
   is if they get really close to russia , which wo n't happen considering russia is already at war with islamists in their own country , pretty close to turkey . 
  not to mention the whole shooting down of a russian jet ... erdogan has made some efforts to try and improve relations with russia but russian public support for friendly relations with turkey is incredibly low . 
  edit : that said ... 
  the turkish branch of sputnik news ( which is kremlin run ) had a pundit suggesting the hypothesis that it was the coup backers who shot down the russian jet in an attempt to create hostility between erdogan and putin . . 
   the us is another issue entirely . 
  honestly , he can do and say whatever he wants to them , obama has no more ` real ' power left . 
  so there wo n't be any real reprecautions . 
  which makes the whole `` any country that will `` stand by '' mr gulen wo n't be a friend of turkey and will be considered at war with turkey '' thing and the shutting off of power of us military bases in incirlik a more suicidal idea than when hitler declared war on the us . 
  the us is unlikely to declare war on turkey , but turkey is practically declaring war on the us ... edit : also regarding the first point , this is precisely why erdogan going completely off the deep end would be a terrible idea . 
  turkey is hardly a good buffer for the refugee crisis if people start fleeing turkey as well ... 
  if erdogan goes full islamic dictator , nato would have already lost all strategic benefits that turkey grants us . 
  if he starts aligning turkey towards isis then he becomes someone we want to depose . 
  on the other hand , the whole `` any country that will `` stand by '' mr gulen wo n't be a friend of turkey and will be considered at war with turkey '' thing could be interpreted as a cryptic threat ( lol ) against the us . 
  not to mention the whole turkey deciding to shut down the power to the us military bases in the region ... turkey seems to be posturing itself as an enemy of the us which seems to be a more suicidal political move than when hitler declared war on the us ... 
  oh , he can go berserk in turkey , but he has only so much political capital . 
  breaking his country 's own rules requiring to hold a popular referendum on constitutional matters would breach any good will that the west is currently showing him . 
  if he wants the entire turkish economy to be torn down , he 's welcome to go ahead on this ego project . 
  turkey 's a pretty important country for strategic reasons but it 's hardly a major player militarily . 
  if he pushes his luck too hard , no-one is going to come to his aid ( which is why him even hinting at declaring war on the us is insane , who 's going to help him out in that conflict , russia ? 
  putin and erdogan hate each other ( not to mention russia would love to let nato members beat each other up ) ! ) . 
  erdogan has a lot of political capital domestically currently , but he is definitely in way over his head with regard to international affairs ... 
  well . 
  the 1933 elections were hardly considered free elections ... 
  the result of the november 1932 election ended with no party able to form a government , and the chancellor had to make legislative decrees . 
  a nazi cabinet was formed towards the end of the year due to some dodgy backdoor deals with the chancellor . 
  the march 1933 election campaign ( which happened after another backdoor deal allowed hitler to become chancellor ) pretty much consisted of the nazis literally attacking all the opponents and nazi officers `` monitoring '' the vote process . 
  the november 1933 election was then an election after all other political parties were banned ... 
  in order to change the constitution , he needs a supermajority in parliament . 
  after this , the proposal is then put forward as a public referendum . 
  the death penalty could then only be instated if  50 % of the population votes to put it in place . 
  now obviously , he could just skip the process altogether and go full hitler , but i think an action that transparent would seem like a huge diplomatic risk ... 
  oh i agree it was amateurish ... yet it got as far as it did ... 
  most normal people would be thinking `` hang on a second , if this is what an amateur operation could achieve , imagine how successful a professional operation would be ... '', 
  amateurish . . yet still managed to take two large cities ... 
  and they 'd happen if the coup had succeeded as well . 
  no-one is defending erdogan 's government here , they are attacking the suggestion that military coups are the solution to problems that a country faces ... edit : like i 'm absolutely horrified by how turkey has responded to this so far ... 
  they literally declared martial law and said that the country would be ruled by a `` peace council '' ( which is by far the most orwellian sounding institution to have been graced upon us this decade ) until a new constitution was drawn up . 
  the history of turkish military coups do highlight that the military does eventually re-install democracy after a while . 
  but the transitional period is hell for the people of turkey . 
  to highlight this , this is what happened during the 1980 turkish coup ( source : [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1980_turkish_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat ) :  the coup rounded up members of both the left and right for trial with military tribunals . 
  within a very short time , there were 250,000 to 650,000 people detained . 
  among the detainess , 230,000 were tried , 14,000 were stripped of citizenship , and 50 were executed . 
  in addition , hundreds of thousands of people were tortured , and thousands are still missing . 
  a total of 1,683,000 people were blacklisted . 
  apart from the militants killed during shootings , at least four prisoners were legally executed immediately after the coup ; the first ones since 1972 , while in february 1982 there were 108 prisoners condemned to capital punishment . 
  among the prosecuted were ecevit , demirel , t\u00fcrke\u015f , and erbakan , who were incarcerated and temporarily suspended from politics . 
   one notable victim of the hangings was a 17-year-old erdal eren , who said he looked forward to it in order to avoid thinking of the torture he had witnessed . 
  result of the 1980 turkish military coup : * 650,000 people were under arrest . 
  * 1,683,000 people were blacklisted . 
  * 230,000 people were tried in 210,000 lawsuits . 
  * 7,000 people were recommended for the death penalty . 
  * 517 persons were sentenced to death . 
  * 50 of those given the death penalty were executed ( 26 political prisoners , 23 criminal offenders and 1 asala militant ) . 
  * the files of 259 people , which had been recommended for the death penalty , were sent to the national assembly . 
  * 71,000 people were tried by articles 141 , 142 and 163 of turkish penal code . 
  * 98,404 people were tried on charges of being members of a leftist , a rightist , a nationalist , a conservative , etc. 
  organization . 
  * 388,000 people were denied a passport . 
  * 30,000 people were dismissed from their firms because they were suspects .
