  wow , hitler really did reach joker levels of insanity : `` let 's have a banquet to celebrate the fact that i 'm now oppressing you '', 
  guys , can we be absolutely clear that / u/akarlin is n't the anthropomorphism of the ussr ... arkarlin is n't personally responsible for the molotov-ribentrop pact ... 
  i think there should be some kind of independent `` democracy and accountabilities '' / `` anti-bullshit commission '' independent body . 
  this body would have three functions : 1 . 
  oversee manifestos before an election - forbidding its publication if it contains information that is factually incorrect . 
  oversee the elections themselves , with penalties ( in the form of temporary campaign suspensions ) if campaigners start spewing things that are patently untrue according to all available data . 
  reviewing the manifesto pledges of the governing party at the end of each parliamentary term , and imposing a fine for each manifesto pledge that was not accounted for ( either by implementing the pledge or providing a suitable justification as to why it was n't implemented ) funny thing is , most student unions in the country worked out this system for campaigns years ago ... 
  if eurovision fuels euroscepticism , then what does x-factor fuel ? 
  as the country that invented x-factor and got talent , i do n't think we 're really in a position to throw stones at europe over eurovision ... 
  i heard that all the red was meant to represent period blood ... yeah . . 
  the putin counterargument to that would be to unironically use the same argument we used about the crimea referendum - `` there ca n't be a fair vote when there is a gun pointed to people 's heads '', 
  and that is why they wo n't give us 12 points - the fact that we are the ones footing the bill is the only solace ireland gets from the sectarian violence in those counties ... 
  it 's not a cute kitten , so therefore does n't count . 
  clearly [ latvia 's entry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd-bixpny9g ) is where it is at . 
  i 'm slightly partial to [ greece 's entry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tgxogtm6lns ) but that 's mainly because i think the guys in freaky fortune are [ positively fabulous ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69fqoettzvk ) . 
  austria i am also rooting for because it would be a powerful statement if they did win . 
  though ultimately i have a good feeling about the [ uk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ffqybiblh8k ) entry . 
  honestly , i do n't understand why there has n't been a political party that has taken this idea on board . 
  who would n't want to vote for kittens ? 
  have you ever seen putin wear hair gel ? 
  well i think spanish tends to be different because its a less common language to be taught . 
  nearly all the schools that teach foreign languages purely so that they are n't part of the statistics that says schools are n't doing enough to teach foreign languages will teach either french or german . . and the teaching of that is bad ... 
  do n't worry , native english speakers have issue with geordie as well ... ( in fact a year ago one of our geordie singers was going to be a judge on the american version of x factor but was pulled at last minute because the producers decided her accent would be too incomprehensible for the average american ), 
  in fairness , that 's because the teaching standard of languages in english schools is absolutely atrocious - completely focused on ticking boxes and learning what is needed for exams than on actually becoming fluent . . 
  so like english ? 
  but this still plays right into the hands of the russians/separatists . 
  if the president is making decisions that are deemed undemocratic that is simply providing ammunition for the propaganda ... 
  sadly , i know first hand what you mean . 
  i have a friend who denies any of the atrocities caused by both the mao 's china ( `` all the claims that mao effectively committed genocide by neglect were written by western historians/historians with a grudge against china and therefore are revisionist '' ) , stalin 's ussr ( `` the ussr was completely democratic where the people were able to directly pick who represents them in a way that is more democratic than western systems . 
  also noting gulags is hypocritical considering the existence of british and us concentration camps in the past 2 centuries '' ) and . . dprk ( `` all the claims that dprk are treating its citizens like shit is just propaganda made by the west . 
  dprk just wants to be left in peace but the us keeps trying to violate its sovereignty . '' ), 
  i mean , fair enough you 're communist . 
  but subscribing to the communist manifesto does n't mean you have to support every regime that claimed to be communist . 
  edit : removed reference to vietnam , turns out they have quite a bit of blood on their hands as well ... 
  nazism was always designed as a xenophobic , eugenics movement . 
  there is no redeeming quality of nazism . 
  in principle , communism was meant to be a free , democratic , equal and human rights respecting movement ... 
  unfortunately , the soviet regime kinda forgot the part where they were n't meant to be genocidal , authoritarian , imperialist arseholes ... nazi symbology is considered , by modern thinking , to represent something that is intrinsically evil , meanwhile communist symbology is considered as something that has the potential to be good but was tarnished by the actions of the corrupt russian oligarchy . 
  basically the communist movement should be considered as a separate entity to the soviet regime . 
  the soviet regime was anything but communist ... edit : in the same way the democratic people 's republic of korea is not democratic , a republic or for the people ... 
  as much as i understand the desperateness of the situation , i ca n't help but feel that an interim president issuing such a large impact decree is probably not a good tactical move ... 
  your second paragraph is pretty much bang on the mark here . 
  so many apples are grown locally in europe that american varieties are just a drop in the water . 
  the only kinds of apples i 'm familiar with are gala , golden delicious and granny smith . 
  edit : having just looked up those kinds i now realise golden delicious is american . 
  in fairness , they do live up to their name . 
  but at least engelbert is a nice , sophisticated gentleman in person . 
  sweden did good with gracing the world with abba but most of their exports in the past 10 years have been all like #hahahashtagyoloswag, 
   artificial chemicals seem to be the only way to get you to talk to each other about something more meaningful than the weather !, 
  are scandinavians secretly british ? 
  annoyingly good at all things social progressive . 
  incredibly attractive men ( and i hear the women are also attractive ) . 
  should definitely revive ancient viking tradition and invade england . 
  that said , swedes have an incredibly annoying and obnoxious pop culture . 
  seriously , i will never forgive them for giving the world eric saade . 
  they did publicly renounce all territorial claims ... the problem is that they are still perpetuating the claims out of public ( or rather they teach kids in schools that aegean macedonia is macedonian ) . 
  the question is whether a country that goes by the same name as a historical country is truly a successor state of that ancient country . 
  in the case of greece it can be argued that the country we know as ancient greece ceased to exist in 133bc . 
  it would be illogical to suggest that modern day greece is simply a continuation of a state that stopped existing over 2000 years ago . 
  and claiming modern day greece is a continuation of the byzantine empire comes with a whole wealth of issues ... 
  i think the 1914 date is mentioned since that was the date that greece 's modern day borders were cemented and recognised as the de jure of greece . 
  before then the territorial claims were simply on the basis that there were a number of ethnic greeks there , 1914 formalised it . 
  note , that this same logic also casts out any claim fyrom has . 
  there is absolutely no way fyrom can be considered a continuation of the kingdom of macedonia which died in 149bc . 
  the only rational definition of what the borders should be is simply what country do the people living there want to be in . 
  is n't fyrom the country which erected statues of obama and churchil claiming through some fridge logic that they are of macedonian descent ? 
  the northern ireland case is complicated . 
  as far as i am aware , there is n't a strong independence movement , just one seeking to join ireland . 
  to make matters worse , n ireland is split 50:50 , with half the country wanting to remain british and the other half wanting to be irish . 
  for our merit , our policy on northern ireland has always been that if the northern irish assembly ever decides it wants a referendum and the result favours reunion with ireland , we would do all we can to ensure the safe transfer of lands . 
  the only reason we do n't just hand it back to ireland is because both the uk and ireland are aware of the consequences if we make such a large decision without full support of the northern irish population . 
  in fairness our plugs are vastly superior . 
  they are incredibly sturdy , rarely fall out of the socket and can be used as a weapon . 
   remember ukip has to fend of accusations of being `` racist !, 
  for having the temerity to bring up the subject of immigration which was a taboo subject due to the pc-noughties of the labour era . 
  i agree that the `` racist/xenophobe '' argument is weak in this context , i do n't quite understand what you mean by `` pc-noughties '' ? 
  the problem i have with ukip 's policy on immigration is that it is based on a fundamentally flawed interpretation of the available data . 
  it is true in general that net migration in the uk sees more coming in than going out . 
  however , let us consider just eu net migration . 
  it actually turns out that more people in the uk emigrate to other eu countries than eu nationals immigrate to the uk ( a net migration rate of -70000 in 2011 ) . 
  ( source : www.parliament.uk/briefing-papers/sn06077.pdf ) our immigration problem is therefore absolutely nothing to do with our membership to the eu ( in fact a study carried out by the migration advisory committee concluded the impact of immigration from eu member states has a negligible impact on employability ) . 
  it is also worth noting that there are at least 400,000 britons living in spain making up 8.9 % of spain 's immigrant population . 
  ironically , farage once stated that these immigrants were good contributors to the spanish economy ( so apparently immigrants are okay as long as they are britons stamping over other countries ) . 
   secondly , for polical parties for a long time , to talk about eu politics was the equivalent of : `` do n't mention the war/eu ! '' '', 
  i have to admit i agree , the only major politician who has made an honest attempt to actually staple home the pro-eu argument is nick clegg and he 's a complete wet sponge . 
   given the daily harangue-ing in part due to some oddballs ( bloom , raining gays [ 1 ] et al. ), 
  falling off the back of the party bus but also the hegemony of the leftist-cultural media in the uk the problem is that there are too many oddballs . 
  i appreciate farage has made an honest attempt to clean them out of the party but it is clear ukip 's vetting policy is lax at best . 
   leftist-cultural media in the uk except others would point out the media is right-wing ( in fact a study of the bbc concluded that it is definitely more pro-tory ) . 
  the reality however is that left and right wing are outdated concepts that can not accurately describe the complex political landscape . 
   ( see : so total is the left 's cultural ascendancy that no one likes to mention the socialist roots of fascism [ 2 ] ] yeah the telegraph is talking bollocks on this one . 
  one of the main defining features of fascism is its complete opposition to everything socialist/communist . 
  i 'll let a historian/political science person explain this better though . 
  my problem with ukip is n't the typical kneejerk reaction . 
  my problem is that their interpretation of the world is completely divorced from the available facts - it is simply scaremongering and posturing . 
  they have yet to provide an independent , peer-reviewed study that claims that the best course for briton is to leave the eu , whilst there exists independent , peer-reviewed studies that say the eu does us no harm and in fact benefits us . 
  tl ; dr you 're right that attacking them for being racists/xenophobes is a weak approach . 
  but i can attack them on the fact they are wrong . 
  [ yes the bees !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xahusdridhe ),
