  it does seem suggestive that this may be the case . 
  i 'm just shocked ( well actually not really because i 've suspected / r/europe had gotten this bad with its prejudice for some time ) by the proportion of posters here who were willing to excuse this violence even if it was just a case of people being fed up of petty theft ... 
  it would be interesting to see what the responses would be if the roles were reversed - i.e. 
  it was a bunch of roma beating up a french boy who had stolen something ... 
  i think i can predict some of the comments ... 
  welcome to / r/europe , where we celebrate european freedom , democracy and equality and deplore russian violence and vigilantism ... unless you are muslim or roma , in which case we want to burn you and stab you with pitchforks ... * sigh *, 
   that alone should be of massive concern to anyone in society , not just for crimes against the community but things like stealing water and electricity , and kids not going to school , rubbish etc. 
  but i guess if it 's not on your doorstep it 's easy to pretend it is n't . 
  except for the part where i used to live in an area dominated by ( british ) ` chavs ' complete with asbos ... 
  but that is besides the point , we 're talking about a 16 year old boy who committed some petty thieving - but he clearly he is such a menace to society that he deserves to be violently assaulted and left for dead because he had the misfortune of growing up in a ghetto with no support due to the institutionalised racism against roma ... 
   despite one of the victims going to the police in 2008 to report the grooming , and the detectives involved giving her their support , the crown prosecution service decided not to prosecute two of the men at the time , invoking the witnesses ' credibility . 
  as a result of the cps dropping the case , the police halted their on-going investigation , which was only resumed when a second girl made complaints similar to the previous victim 's in december 2009 . 
  in other words , they dropped the case at the time because they did n't have enough of a lead to work with . 
  if the roma boy in this situation was in fact committing the robberies , all you would need is camera footage to prove he did it . 
  also i should note that the situation you linked to was resolved without a vigilante mob beating people near to death , and this was a much serious criminal case ... 
  okay , where is your proof that in situations where there is an overwhelming body of evidence that someone committed a crime , the police have said `` nope , sorry , not going to do anything '' ? 
  yes i know that the police can be a bit slack on following up on an investigation where there are no real leads . 
  however , i think it would be much bigger news if the police were dropping clear cut cases . 
  i dunno , perhaps maybe gather hard evidence that he was in fact the perpetrator of these crimes , present this to the police and then kick up a fuss , perhaps with media involvement , if for some bizarre reason the police refuse to act in the face of overwhelming , irrefutable evidence ? 
  you know , like any civilised society should ? 
  i absolutely refuse to believe that the police are actively ignoring crimes . 
  the only time they drop charges is when they have insufficient evidence to launch an investigation . 
  til beating a teenager with the intent to murder over petty theft is justice according to reddit ... 
  to put into context how big they actually are : * the it crowd * four weddings and a funeral * trainspotting * the inbetweeners * queer as folk ( the original that the us version was based on ) * father ted * anything involving gordon ramsay ( seriously if not for channel 4 , he would n't be so widely recognised ) all produced by channel 4 . 
   in which case the regicide would n't help , as i 'm not part of the succession . 
  it would if you managed to somehow kill off the entire line of succession ( good luck ) - you could probably claim the crown in the resulting constitutional crisis . 
  edit : also make sure to let the king of norway inherit the uk thrown before topping him , so that norway becomes a commonwealth country . 
  but you do n't need to be the reigning monarch in order to be entitled to the benefits of being a member of the royal family , you just need to marry one of them or their heirs . 
  besides there is always a simple solution to both issues : 1 ) convert to the anglican church , 2 ) begin a grand regicidal assassination plot to kill off enough heirs so that the crown is forced to pass to you . 
  it 's rather simple , just find a member of the royal family and convince them to sleep with you . 
  if you 're gay or female , this should be fairly simple - prince harry is a bit of party animal . 
   ( thank god , otherwise we 'd have the gypsy holocaust on our hands ) not to mention genocide against non-europeans , muslims and russians , also the recolonisation of africa to `` civilise '' them to `` european standards '' . 
  also we 'd have a war against both russia and the us to deal with ... 
  i think that covers all the major fringe opinions that are bizarrely prevalent on / r/europe ... dear god why am i still on this subreddit ... anyways , i think there is a legitimate point to be made in pointing out that eu-skepticism is europe-wide at the moment . 
  it is clear that the eu has lost a significant chunk of european support . 
  we used to be able to say it was a result of the financial crisis , but now things are starting to recover that can no longer be the reason . 
  personally i believe the real issue is the democratic deficit and distinct lack of organisation . 
  why does the european council have a stronger say on who gets to be president than those elected to represent europe ? 
  why do meps get away with being so absent at europe-wide decision making processes ? 
  why are we wasting money trying to maintain governance in both strassbourg and brussels ? 
  why are we not taking tougher stances on cases of corruption in eu member states ? 
  why do certain countries get more sway and leniency than other countries ? 
  there is a legitimate case for eu-skepticism , although the public facing eu-skeptics highlight all the wrong problems . 
  i ca n't think of anything less british than to not be bashful about our identity . 
   am i crazy or are these so bland and generic that without clarification they 're completely useless ? 
  that is pretty much a summary of everything david cameron ever says . 
  think of it this way - would anyone want to be a monarch in the uk ? 
  you lose all right to a private life , you are not allowed to have a political opinion , having to agree with whatever the ruling party believes and you have absolutely no personal time . 
  that and not being allowed to vote . 
  in many ways , the monarchy could be considered to be slaves . 
  the difference is you ca n't stop the electorate making bad decisions . 
  however you can stop political campaigners from misleading them by putting in independent checks to ensure all campaigners are being truthful . . 
   it 's democracy , right ? 
  in a true democracy , everyone would get given all the accurate information needed for them to make a decision . 
  they would n't be fed populist hyperbolic bullshit and there would be no propaganda . 
  ( note : yes i 'm aware no democratic country works this way - that does n't change the point ), 
  and only run in a single constituency . . 
  i agree the tories did the damage to themselves , but the problem is that this is n't great for the uk public who have no-one to vote for if they want to vote epp ... 
  the fact that the representatives in the commission have the option to do that is in itself a democratic deficit ... 
  though as i mentioned , juncker is no more democratically elected than any other president chosen from the european parliament groupings because the parliament is technically hung . 
  the other issue is that there are n't candidates from every parliamentary grouping running in every electoral region . 
  the fact that there is absolutely no epp representation in the uk ( which makes up 16 % of the eu population ) is embarrassing . 
  and i think that is the point - juncker could n't possibly represent the democratic will of the electorate because the electorate in the uk did n't even have the choice to pick epp if they wanted to . 
  there is a huge democratic deficit in the process that really needs address . 
  as for whether juncker should be president based on the makeup of the european parliament - this is where i think it should be the european parliament themselves that put forward presidential candidates rather than the commission . 
  whilst epp won the most seats , it did not win the house . 
  at national level , winning just 35.8 % of the seats would not be considered a majority - it would be a hung parliament . 
  whilst juncker would get priority , the reality is that a national government would currently be looking to form a coalition that would back them . 
  i can believe it , some brits are incapable of holding a full conversation in english ... 
  whilst canada and co do n't pay for the queen herself and her residences , they do pay for her governor-generals , civic servants and for the organisation of events as monarch of the country . 
  then of course there is a membership fee to be a member of the commonwealth . . 
  you might want to tell alex salmond that seeming his vision for an independent scotland is for scotland to remain a constitutional monarchy in the commonwealth . . 
   greece has nothing to export the one thing i 've always found weird about greece is that it has some quite good produce but for some reason the greeks tend to prefer to keep everything local . 
  they only really produce things for local consumption , being too modest to actually export . 
  for example , i 've tried greek wine and its is quite amazing . 
  but usually you have to import it . 
  if they started exporting it properly they could have a wine industry that rivalled the french and italian industries . 
  ^ ^ ^ \\ ( ^ ^ ^ also ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ should ^ ^ ^ totally ^ ^ ^ export ^ ^ ^ elena ^ ^ ^ paparizou ^ ^ ^ \\ ), 
  honestly i 'm agreed with this . 
  it would be absolutely ludicrous to expect countries to actually give up their sovereignty without asking the people of that country first . 
  and i deliberately avoided talking about social issues because i already saw your other post ( though as a gay man , i have objections to your stance on gay rights ) . 
  i 'm talking about parties who believe in investing in programs and systems they 've been told wo n't work . 
  the uk conservatives actually received quite a bit of criticism last year for u-turns on various economic policy . 
  honestly , i 'm glad they saw their plans as a mistake and decided to undo then . 
  edit : an appropriate example for poland would be a communist party . 
  continuing to run on a soviet style platform , rather than adapting to a democratic platform is clearly stupid . 
  i believe the fact that the uk parties can pretty much ignore their manifesto once elected with no consequence is a disgrace to democracy . 
  however , there 's a huge difference between a party changing its views on a whim , and changing its views over time in response to changes in society . 
  the person i was responding to was talking about a party whose platform has remained static for 25 years . 
  i 'm sorry , but if a party is n't responding to changes in the world and adapting their manifesto and ideology accordingly , that 's a severe weakness . 
  there 's trying to be consistent and then there 's just being stubborn . 
  they do drugs but they recycle so it does n't end up in the waste water . . 
  i agree changing your mind simply because of public pressure is bad . 
  but what i 've noticed is that political parties tend to get criticised if they ever make a u-turn , even if the u-turn is deciding the policy simply does n't work in practice . 
  i 'd rather have a party that recognises it made a mistake and tries to correct it , rather than one that ploughs ahead due to some ideological need to appear convicted ... 
   because they repeat the same things for 25 years surely , the inability to be willing to change their stance regardless of anything is a weakness , not a strength ? 
  it 's actually [ the opposite ] ( http://yougov.co.uk/news/2013/03/05/analysis-ukip-voters/ ) that is true for ukip - less than 15 % were under 40 , whilst over 71 % were over 50 . 
  even then , although yeltsin opposed the idea of becoming a dictator , he did secure his re-election pretty much by buying the media to praise only him - which is n't far off . 
  not to mention it was him who basically started the modern regime of oligarchs . 
  i think gorbachev is probably a better example of someone who made quite some progress towards reform .
