  it is the most believable drag queen act i have ever come across . 
  shit the piano is on fire, 
  the problem i have with it is that the song is a cross of avicii 's the nights , and david guetta 's lovers on the sun /, 
  it wo n't be hosted in australia , graham norton clarified if australia wins , eurovision will be hosted in whichever european city australia picks . 
  well last time we won was when we imported an american . 
  shhh , they should forget that and select a city in the anglosphere . 
  yup, 
  `` if they win , they can pick whichever european city they like '' - okay , australia , remember we were n't that bad to you < 3 < 3, 
  also avicii 's `` the nights '' ( in the verses ), 
  well looking at this song , it is obvious . 
  he is hot , the song is catchy , and the visual effects are truly amazing . 
  and avicii wins eurovision . 
  yeah graham norton pointed that out as well . 
  this guy is gon na confess to committing a murder when he was 3 . 
  if people crawling around on stage puts you off , i have bad news for you ... 
  they also kissed longer than they did in the semi-final and therefore missed the cue to go to the next bit . 
  dear europe , we 're sorry ... 
  yes ... 
  i 'm confused by that as well, 
  she had an important appointment in the morning , why did n't you wake her up ? 
  and before i leave , let me show you tel aviv !, 
  post-apocalyptic les miserables . 
  yes but its still just the intro so far ... 
  excellent idea , just added it :p, 
  i recommend drinking mild drinks such as single vodka mixers ... 
  i worked out a small drinking game . 
  take a sip every time : * a dancer conspicuously crawls across the floor , or twirls around uselessly * a contestant wear a cape * you hear a nonsensical lyric * the hosts try to make a joke that fails miserably * graham norton makes a sassy comment * every time the phrase `` good morning australia '' or `` and australia '' is uttered * every time someone says something in german * every time a musical cue from `` rise like a phoenix '' is used * australia gets 12 points * sweden gets 12 points * a song sounds suspiciously like another song * one of the vote givers being a previous performer and saying hey do you remember me obviously drink responsibly and all that jazz . 
  edit : added / u/kooienb 's suggestion edit2 : i massively underestimated the number of `` rise of the phoenix '' references ... edit3 : added / u/sarcasticdevil 's suggestion . 
  edit4 : oh god , i played my own game , kill me now ... 
  referendums tend to get lower turnouts ( with exception to major geopolitical decisions such as the scottish referendum ) : * av referendum had 42 % turnout * welsh devolution had 35 % turnout * london devolution had 34 % turnout, 
  the difference is that in these other countries , it 's not the state executive peddling the `` greater x '' idea . 
  it 's a bit different when the idea is taught as part of the school curriculum ... 
  the problem is the name causes them to try bullshit such as [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ), 
  my favourite segment was when apparently most of the signing for norway 's song involved the interpreter fondling her boobs . 
  hah , i am just reading the background on this :  the incident was referred to a sitting of the d\u00e1il committee on procedure and privileges , when it emerged that `` fuck '' is not included among the list of forbidden words set out in the salient rulings of the chair , the document which regulates the behaviour and conduct of tds . 
  although i 'm not conservative , [ william hague once delivered a hilarious speech about the proposal for a position of president and the possibility tony blair was interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l6cj1b-rp1e ) . 
  alex , please for the love of god do n't sing like that on saturday . 
  headphones and an air violin , sure why not, 
  and i swear i 've seen that exact throwing off of the cape before . 
  i certainly would . 
  in fact , this was a rule before the 2000s and generally the uk and ireland nearly did always win . 
  [ i ca n't be the only one watching the sign language feed in the background ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuwl93xdtce ) ? 
  does this mean the uk is going to win by virtue of not being a ballad ? 
  i feel like i dozed off and started watching highschool musical ... 
  so has the eurovision bingo drinking game card been derived yet ? 
  i feel `` drink every time they say ` good morning australia ' '' should be on it . 
  https://www.opendemocracy.net/delwar-hussain/east-london-election-politics-and-coercion okay let 's discuss it ... 
  no , greece just has a penchant for falling for every cliche pop trend in its lyrics . 
  next we 'll claim that `` rise up '' is a song encouraging a political revolution ( yes i 'm aware freaky fortune did in fact attempt to put that spin in as a joke during interviews ) . 
  not having postal votes and have everyone go to a strictly monitored polling station ? 
  `` breaking news : a russian speaking minority has seized a strip of territory in southern ukraine going from crimea to the moldovan border '', 
  what is the average turnout for each referendum ? 
  i mean i can imagine people getting fatigued by endless streams of question after question ? 
  i guess the real question is , what is to stop a `` special interest '' group engaging in mob rule . 
  standing over a person 's shoulder with a metaphorical/physical gun to their head whilst they vote . 
  ( yes , i know this is a flaw with the uk postal vote system as well , that 's why i bring it up ), 
  the commentators in the uk just drew attention to the fact that the netherlands singer sounded geordie due to the `` why-ayayayay '' edit : regarding estonia , they were trying to work out whether there was backstage tension , because the woman seemed livid with the guy ( with jokes about how she had an orthodontist appointment to get to this morning but the guy did n't wake her up ) . 
  i personally have to agree , the chemistry between them seemed awkward and tense . . 
  wait people actually watch eurovision with expectations ? 
  the uk has treated it as a hilarious drinking game excuse for at least a decade . 
  did they forget that there is a second semi-final plus 5 west european countries who automatically qualify ? 
  the problem is that these artists would also have to agree to enter eurovision . 
  that 's the uk problem - we have a lot of good international sensations , but most of our good performers are too busy , you know , actually having a successful career , than taking part is a silly singing contest . 
  in fairness though , what is that , like 2 people ? 
  honestly , this seems to be one of those `` making it look like we are doing something to return power away from europe , when in reality we are doing absolutely nothing '' things cameron likes to do . 
  the fact michael gove , who is infamous for making a bunch of gestures that are ultimately useless , is in charge cements it ... 
  maybe these countries were so awesome they went off the scale ? 
  i would imagine you could probably eliminate any country that does n't have gay rights right off the bat ... 
  this is literally looking to be almost an exact repeat of the february 1974 election . 
  labour won the most seats at 301 , but conservatives got the most popular vote but only 297 seats . 
  in this election , the whole of northern ireland diverged by only selecting regional parties . 
  the incumbent tory pm tried to stay in government by negotiating a coalition with irish unionists but they could n't agree because the unionists wanted electoral reforms . 
  the result was a labour minority government . 
  this was dissolved months later with another election that resulted in a labour majority of just 3 seats . 
  after those 4 years , thatcher was elected in the next election , and we all know how it went from there ... 
  yeah civil was was an exaggeration , but the point is that the uk government is very wary of trying to force the uk legal system upon northern ireland . 
  no but the topic of westminster overriding northern irish policy might . 
  it 's more a remark that when the restrictions were lifted for poles people stated the same fears as they do for romanians now . 
  but the reality is that although it seemed negative to begin with , in the long term it was positive for both countries . 
  i never said commonwealth citizens have similar rights to eu citizens , i was using it as an example of a case that ukip still supports in which our immigration policy sees some nationalities more favourably than others . 
  the fact is a commonwealth citizen has more rights than any other immigrant . 
  of course they have less rights in the uk than an eu citizen , but that 's because eu citizens are n't really immigrants as the eu is a political union . 
  the uk is allowed to make whatever rules it wants about immigration from outside the eu , its just everyone inside the eu is to be treated like a citizen . 
  you are free to hold an anti-eu view , but i honestly do n't see how leaving the eu aids in the neutrality of nationality ... 
  there are only two options for absolute neutrality for immigration and that 's open borders for everyone or remove all immigration agreements we currently have ( including our free movement between the uk and ireland as well as abolishing the commonwealth citizenship ) . 
  i honestly do n't see how ukip 's immigration policy can possible be more neutral than anything any other party is proposing . 
  that is all i 'm taking issue with you here on ... 
  so you 're saying that the problem with the eu is that it put its citizens above immigrants and this is bad , but the commonwealth puts its citizens above immigrants and this is good , that it does n't matter because citizens should be put above immigrants , but we need to leave the eu to ensure that eu citizens should be treated like immigrants ? 
  remind me again how this viewpoint allows one to treat all nationalities equally ? 
   citizenship is a different thing from an immigration right . 
  except the commonwealth citizenship does come with an immigration right ( immigrants from commonwealth countries can vote in uk elections , also they get fast-tracked through the visa process ) . 
  and if you accept that citizenship is different , poles are eu citizens , which by our membership means they are a citizen . 
  you ca n't recognise commonwealth citizenship and then not recognise eu citizenship , it does n't work that way . 
  as far as the rules are concerned , eu citizens are not immigrants if they are in an eu country . 
  stop trying to pretend that your desire to leave the eu comes out of a desire for equal treatment of nationalities , your logic is n't consistent . 
   it amazes me how it seems like successive greek governments have literally not bothered to try to collect tax arrears at all . 
  it 's just been sitting on their system and nobody at any point has thought to send debt collectors to collect the debt , or to send large debtors to prison ? 
  this is what happens when the two major parties are heavily influenced by powerful families ( karamanlis in nd 's case , and papandreou in pasok 's case ), 
  in fairness , being able to admit to losing money seems like a step up in maturity from pasok/nd 's `` hey , so you 're telling me that if we pay you to fudge the numbers , then we can pretend the country is n't on the verge of bankruptcy ( and therefore spend the money we do n't have on smack ) ? '', 
  well lighter green means that there is no mention of the fact that most visits are trouble-free .
