   or maybe even one of the nuclear submarines . 
  i do n't think they could be used for conventional combat anyway . 
  trident was designed as a sort of dead-man 's switch - whilst on patrol , they are not allowed to contact base ( since that would give away their position ) and only attacking if either they receive direct orders from the prime minister ( or designated survivor ) or if they determine that the uk government has ceased to exist ( which they apparently determine based on several checks including whether they have heard any naval radio chatter in the past 4 hours or whether they are still capable of receiving bbc radio 4 ) . 
  i have whatsapp installed on my phone , but do n't really use it . . my landlady discovered i had whatsapp ( thanks to how it works with phone number ) and decided to solely message me on there though ... 
  the aggravating factor however is that the people who do n't support snp as a political party are aware that if scotland gains independence , it will be the snp speaking on behalf of the scots at the negotiation table with the uk about organising the split up . 
  there may be people who want scotland to be independent but do n't want to follow the snp 's grand vision for scotland . 
  well we occasionally import/produce your variety of doughnuts ( yeah we add extra letters ) . 
  most of [ our doughnuts ] ( http://keepyourpeckerup.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/doughnuts.png ) though tend to not have holes in them , usually the outside is coated in sugar , and the middle has a filling ( usually either jam ( jelly ) , chocolate , or some other sweet , gooey liquid ) . 
  apparently decennium is actually a word that is a rare synonym for decade - i am now going to run a campaign to bring the word back into common english usage . 
  i just imagine that whenever these people accidentally spill something on themselves , or when their shopping bag splits , or it starts to rain , they shake their fist up into the air whilst crying `` immmiiggrrannntsss !, 
  in fairness , it is a copypasta from another thread but flipped from being a german condemning the us , to the us condemning europe . 
  honestly , if he wanted to go all the way with the flipping , he should have changed the wwi germany paragraph to being about the confederates . 
  edit : incidentally the source was also on an article talking about burning people . 
  then surely there is space due to all the stolen graves ? 
  not to mention `` per capita '' is meaningless when russia has a huge but sparse population meaning that it is generally more likely that there are outliers pushing down the number ... 
  yes a bunch of people in a high-density industrial region generally have more wealth than a bunch of spread out people in a vast tundra , well done ... 
  they 're referring to the internet filters that cameron did n't encode in a bill but still managed to forced isps to adopt ... ( under threat that if they did n't comply he would make a bill enforcing it ... ), 
  my point was never that the fn is as much left-wing as it is right-wing - my point is that its a pointless discussion to have since left and right are meaningless concepts in the modern world . 
  it does n't matter what fn is trying to classify itself , the classification is utterly meaningless - the only thing that should matter is that they are xenophobic , and this bbc article is n't capable of bringing any useful insights into the party as long as it frames the question as it does . 
  except left/right wing are broad generalisations of whole range of political opinions . 
  hypothetical party : * supports provisions of a welfare state . 
  * supports nationalisation of public services * supports increased regulations on businesses so they ca n't exploit workers * advocates green solutions to problems * pro-european * but supports the eradication of the african continent would this be a left-wing or right-wing . 
  economically it would be left-wing since it supports the rights of the poor and the common worker . 
  however the genocide aspect would make it right-wing socially . 
  my point is that there are so many complicated factors that make up the policies of a political parties that the labels left/right wing are practically meaningless . . 
  and this is why the concept of left and right wing is too simplistic a labelling to apply to modern day politics . . 
  but the point is that she does n't represent on anything that actually matters politically ... 
   though they have no chance of wining are n't seats allocated according to pr ? 
  for a minute i was hoping a train operator had decided to turn a carriage into a cat cafe . 
   an unelected person and her family representing us internationally when was the last time the queen attended a un meeting ? 
  is that a penis in the background ? 
  ah so that 's where the `` in soviet russia ... '' jokes come from . . 
  again , i never said we have to , i 'm just saying it would be shitty for you to let someone die when you could easily save them ... 
  the difference is that one requires you to diminish your own quality of life , whilst the other does n't ... 
   the second phase was the attempt to transform afghanistan into a westernized country , which was hubris and does not appear to have long-term viability . 
  this effort has little to nothing to do with any valid nato purpose . 
  this is a bit more debatable . 
  the decision to try and solve all of afghanistan 's problems by making them comply to a westernised system was a stupid plan . 
  however , an operation had to take place because it is international humanitarian law that civilians should be protected at all times . 
  exiting afghanistan as soon as the first operation had finished would have been a violation of this as you would have left the afganistani citizens without a government which would have been disastrous . 
  basically , by invading a country , you are then left with the duty of cleaning up the mess left and minimising collateral damage . 
  again there is a huge difference between going completely out of your way to help others , and doing what you can . 
  i do n't have sell my pc and donate everything i have to saving people , but if i see someone drowning and crying out for help - i 'd be a shitty human being if i did n't help them . 
  you say that as if i do n't donate money to charity ... 
  i never suggested that everyone should become a philanthropist , all i 'm saying is that if we have a choice between letting someone die and saving their life , i 'd hope we would all choose the latter ... 
  the kingdom of j\u00f3rv\u00edk shall rise again . 
  but no-one is strictly forced to help people . 
  there is a difference between helping people you see are suffering when you have the means because its the only decent thing for a human being to do , and being forced to help people . 
  so i 'm guessing you would be okay if we cut all foreign investment into estonia and refuse to invest nato resources into protecting it ? 
  since we are under no obligation to help you . . 
  seriously , the eu was founded in the principle of helping people . 
  the moment we stop caring , we go against everything we stand for . 
  we help people not because we are forced to , but because if we have the means to help people we should - as that is the decent thing to do . 
  unfortunately , said bribe takers passed a law saying they are immune from prosecution . . that 's why they had to rebrand golden dawn in order to arrest its members . 
  not to mention slovenia 's performance in 2002 . 
  i 've come up with the theory that when it comes to eurovision , the eastern bloc is okay with drag acts , they are just jealous of immaculate beards . 
  thankfully , the ban does n't come in until 2020 . 
  hey , our home secretary already [ tried to deport an australian dual-national for protesting at a boat race ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/09/boat-race-protester-trenton-oldfield-wins-appeal-deportation ) ( which only failed because there is an appeals process for deportations ) , so yeah i 'm sure we can totally trust her ability to judge fairly ... 
  except let us point at [ decision making skills of the person responsible for stripping citizenship ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2013/dec/09/boat-race-protester-trenton-oldfield-wins-appeal-deportation ) i did n't know getting in the way of a couple of boats out of protest against classism was considered terrorism ... edit : changed source because i remembered the independent is behind a paywall outside of the uk . 
  regardless of your opinion on the rights of terrorists , i think even you could agree that this much power should n't be given to a person who would probably class being noisy and disrupting someone 's picnic an act of terrorism if they had their way ... 
  your username is very appropriate for this point ( of which i approve ) . 
  well the world had just seen a nuclear bomb in action . 
  if there was a war against the ussr at that stage , you can definitely believe they would be pouring a lot of resources into getting nukes as fast as possible . 
  the number of people in europe who instantly preface everything they say with `` my english is bad , sorry '' before speaking mostly perfect english is hilarious . 
  i mean most of them have a better command of the english language than a significant number of english people ... 
  a recent thing i 've noticed is that all swedish stereotypes are english stereotypes as well . 
   seems to be a normal thing you do that we do n't normally do wait , the irish are n't all alcoholics ? 
  mind blown . 
  the wmds were destroyed so hard they were removed from having ever existed . 
  it 's news because of the part where a ukip councillor thought he could try and censor views against his party ? 
  and that 's not forgetting that at the time there was only 4 nuclear weapons that had been produced by the allies , all of which had been used . 
  it would have taken at least 6 months to have a nuclear arsenal that would be usable , by which time the ussr would have produced it 's own nukes and overwhelmed europe with its much larger land force . 
  a much more accurate statement would be that you ca n't switch a country from one form of government to another form of government in a single revolution . 
  people who are nostalgic for the old system would in the best case be disgruntled with the new system and in the worst case would actively seek to sabotage or exploit the new system . 
  also a sudden change means rewriting a lot of legal constitutions and laws in one go , and inevitably these rewrites would not have the same level of scrutiny and loophole closure that a more incremental rewrite would have . 
  * the french revolution had some ... teething issues ( that it took 70 years to finally settle with a republican democracy ) . 
  * the end of wwi forced germany to change from a federal monarchy to a federal republic - hitler was then able to change it to a fascist dictatorship pretty much by exploiting a loophole in the german constitution . 
  * the end of wwi saw russia move from an absolute monarchy to a provisional government republic to a soviet republic in the space of a year . 
  the reality is that people like stalin should never have had as much power and control over the soviet government as they did . 
  a soviet republic was , in theory , meant to be democratic with a free exchange of ideas amongst the elected communist party officials . 
  the fact that you could shut out all dissent by killing the opposition was a massive failing of the bolshevik revolution . 
  * most former african `` colonies '' experienced a massive switch from a tribal monarchy to a western democracy ... we all know how well that turned out ... 
  the fact is , gradual reform is the only way to change government ( unless you are willing to let your country get messed up for around 70-100 years ... ) . 
  this is always counter-argued with `` well they were n't the indigenous population , they are just occupiers of the island , so the vote is illegal '' , ignoring the fact that a ) argentina never really had its own permanent settlement there for the british to displace ( a small failed settlement by a german entrepreneur does n't really count ) , b ) that argentina ca n't really hold the moral high ground on displacing indigenous peoples are the `` displacing '' it performed when expanding into patagonia ... c ) the un recognises the vote . 
  and d ) all modern territorial claims are based on an irredentist ideology that claims argentina is the continuation of the viceroyalty of rio de la plata - an ideology that at the time was used to try and justify trying to annex paraguay , uruguay and parts of brazil ... 
  it really is the pointless to even try arguing , which is why our policy nowadays is just to keep some troops on standby on the island rather than trying to negotiate . . 
   where we have largely abandonded nationalism . 
  except , i 'd argue nationalism has risen throughout the continent at a proportional rate . 
  we have scots and catalans wanting to declare independence , nationalist parties rising throughout the eu demanding its dissolution ( e.g. 
  ukip , five star movement etc. 
  ) , actual nazi parties ( golden dawn ) , the balkans ( just the balkans , i do n't think anything else needs to be said ) , and a rising dislike of immigrants . 
  this is n't isolated to russia . 
  it should be noted that churchill 's operation unthinkable was a plan to surge into russia using combined ally forces . 
  this was abandoned because any success was reliant on the element of surprise and once the initial surprise had worn off , we would be faced with the fact that russia not only outnumbered us 3 to 1 but that our allied troops were war-weary . 
  this would have meant us entering world war iii , millions of deaths and possibly the entire of europe being part of the ussr . 
  given at the time we just saw nuclear bombs as just giant weapons and not as something that could bring about the downfall of civilisation as we know it , i 'm kinda glad we did n't enact that plan ... edit : also worth noting that the allies probably did n't want to completely collapse the ussr - they had no interest in allowing west and east germany to reunify , since recent history had shown that whenever germany was unified it would quickly outrank its neighbours and would become a power crazy . 
  in fact one of the conditions for the reunification of germany was that the eu had to find a way to ensure that germany could be no more powerful than its neighbours ... and that 's how the euro was invented . 
   do you suggest that they should have their own little way of doing things ? 
  that is precisely what i am saying . 
  part of the problem is that african countries are still trying to work within the framework of european government - which is mostly because they ca n't afford the luxury of experimenting with another system .
