  fun fact : in the uk there is a guy employed by the royal house called the black rod . 
  during a ceremony surrounding the state opening of parliament , he makes a summons to the two houses of parliament to attend the throne speech but when he approaches the doors of the house of commons , the door is slammed in his face . 
  this part of the ceremony is to represent the independence of the lower house from the royal house . 
  although she has never dissolved a uk parliament outside of elections , her australian representative dissolved australia 's government once in the 70s ( in fairness though this was because the prime minister had seriously considered ending a deadlock over a budget by calling a half-senate election . . ) . 
   cameron is looking to get reelected so maybe he 's appealing to his own party base or those inclined to vote conservative with comments like this one . 
  that has been pretty much the basis of every policy decision he has made for the past year , so i would hedge my bets on that one ... 
  ** united kingdom ** * on monday , we got hit by st jude 's storm . 
  a lot of trees fell , four people died , most of the transport network shut down until 12pm , lawn ornaments , fences and guttering fell and some roads turned into fords . 
  media reports this as if the apocalypse happened . 
  * on saturday , a storm of only a slightly weaker strength hits wales ... media does n't care ... * a survey confirms that uk businesses would rather the uk stayed in the eu . 
  * university lecturers go on strike over a pay dispute . 
  * after years of using their `` investigative journalism '' to reveal other people 's personal affairs , it is revealed that two prominent journalists at the centre of the phone hacking scandal were having an affair with each other . 
  * a press regulation royal charter has now been approved . 
  what this means is that there will now be a new independent regulation body , similar to that already in place for television broadcasts , which ensures that the media behave in an ethical manner and responds to complaints made by readers . 
  * it is revealed that under the free schools systems ( which are schools that are funded by the tax-payer but set up by people independent of government ) , people have been employed as teachers despite having no formal qualifications . 
  * russell brand raises controversy when he thinks that the best way to deal with the monotony of the two party system is to encourage everyone not to vote in the next election . 
  robert webb counters this by rejoining the labour party . 
  * court of appeal trials are now allowed to be televised . 
  * the controversial ` go home ' vans results in 11 illegal immigrants leaving britain , government claims this means the campaign was a success ... * more hs2 `` is it the best idea since sliced bread or the worst idea since poll tax ? '', 
  bs ... * the electoral commission points out that the current wording of a theoretical eu referendum `` do you think that the united kingdom should be a member of the european union ? '', 
  is bad because a significant portion of the population are n't aware we are already a member and would interpret the question as asking if we should join it . 
  * as energy companies put their bill prices up , the regulatory body for energy companies , ofgem , points out that they have put up prices 11x more than they need to ... * the success of gtav single-handedly pulled the uk video games market into growth . 
   we built the eu especially to prevent such kind of instability to happens again . 
  to be honest , the eu will be unstable as long as xenophobia is still prevalent ... the kind where an entire group of people can be condemned over the words of some select few members of that group ... 
  seriously , with how obsessed the uk government is with the idea of fracking , i 'm surprised they have n't tried to pass a bill so that they can marry it ... 
  alternatively , if you go to aquitaine , you could claim you are just trying to assert [ ancient historical claims ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guyenne ) . 
  for me , would probably be sweden or denmark . 
  * high average salary * does n't have a sickening hatred of the welfare system and immigration like the average british politician has * has similar cultural and language ties to the uk * looks prettier * much better maintained ( as for why norway is n't on the list : i 'm very pro-eu and thus staying in the eu would be in my interests ), 
  probably because of [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republic_of_venice ) . 
  being able to maintain a huge fleet of cargo ships would have been vital for a merchant republic . 
  a populist , nationalist military unit making demands for the democratically elected government to resign and be replaced by a non-democratic national government ? 
  [ because that totally worked out well last time ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374 ), 
  i think there are significant differences between us states but its like the differences between the uk , germany and france - there are some differences but ultimately the cultures all agree on general principle . 
  meanwhile , if you were to compare say france and romania , we are talking completely different ideological and cultural standings . . 
  what is important to remember is that for better or worse , the conservative party have made a lot of economic changes , in some cases completely contradicting their own manifesto . 
  regardless of whether or not they have actually helped repair the country 's economy , the decisions that have been made have been considered largely unpopular . 
  this has pushed a statistically significant proportion of their voters as well as their mps into supporting other parties , such as ukip , instead . 
  now that the economy has roughly stabilised and with elections coming in 2 years , the tories are looking at winning back voters . 
  and they are attempting to do this by taking on embarrassingly obvious populist stances on issues . 
  the tories know that the average voter will read the pile of trash that is the daily mail and so will posture and make claims that they are going to provide solutions to the problems that the mail claim exist ... meanwhile , whilst in government they will pass policies that ultimately are useless at solving the ` problem ' but at least make it look like they are addressing the concerns of the ignorant masses ( such as porn filters and plastering `` go home , immigrants '' ads ) . 
  this is just one example of that . 
  cameron knows that pulling out of the human rights convention wo n't help at all . 
  all he said is that he 'd be prepared to do it if it came down to it . . all he has to do for him to keep his word is make sure it does n't come to it if he gets elected again ... basically , from now until the next election the conservative party may as well rename itself the populist party ... 
  hell could you southern england and wales whilst you 're at it , at this point i 'm starting to feel sad that king james vi decided to become primarily english king rather than staying scottish ... 
  although i am massively pro-federal , to play devil 's advocate here are some arguments : * the cultural divide - unlike , for example , the united states where the cultures of the individual states are similar enough that they are almost indistinguishable , the cultures between european countries are hugely distinct . 
  and some of those cultures are incredibly passionate about their cultures . . 
  if one considers that cultural clashes were enough to cause both the current scottish independence movement and the catalonian independence movement , one could imagine that a federal europe would be plagued with nationalist movements clogging up parliament . 
  * the economic divide - the eurozone crisis showed the risk presented by countries with a weaker economic infrastructure . 
  a federal europe would need to massively invest in making sure every state is up at the same standard , otherwise the weaker states risk dragging europe 's economic down . 
  * the democratic weakness - a huge amount of work is needed in making the european government is as democratic and accountable as possible ... which at the moment it simply is n't ... * most of the countries in the eu have some incredibly well established institutions and governmental structures , the amount of resources required to refit all these structures to work in a federal system would be phenomenal ... and i can imagine about a million asterisks trying to set some precedence under which the queen elizabeth ii stays relevant ... speaking of which ... * what about the overseas territories and exterior organisations ? 
  - some of the colonial nations still have a lot of their territories , many of which are not part of the eu , would they be incorporated into federal europe ? 
  also what becomes of the british commonwealth ? 
   the report says spain should be in the same time zone as the uk and portugal . 
  which is funny when you consider that two years ago [ the uk had considered synchronising with spain and france ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-12536056 ) . 
  he could also ask david laws , who was chief secretary of the treasury in the uk until it was discovered that he was using government expenses to pay for his partner 's accommodation . 
  edit : not to mention lord mandelson who is often compared to darth vader in this country ... 
  in fairness to scotland , the reason it has n't passed yet is because they are n't rushing it unlike the uk government ( the english bill still bans the church of england from performing gay marriage and is still unequal due to not allowing hetero civil unions , not to mention there are still some boundary cases involving trans * ) . 
  i mean do n't get me wrong , i 'm happy gay marriage is legalised , but they had the opportunity to close all the discrimination in the system but did n't ; instead we got something that was half-assed . 
  the only reason its delayed in scotland is because they are actually bothering to go through a meticulous process , with a much longer consultation period to ensure every little detail of the bill is just right . 
  northern ireland on the other hand is just an embarrassment on this issue ... that said i am genuinely surprised we are ranked higher than scandinavia and spain . 
  i think the actual numbers have to be taken with a grain of salt ( how on earth does one quantify equality anyway ) - let 's just take it as green is good , blue is so-so and red is bad . 
  some say that the diversity will decrease as english becomes the intermediate language between cultures . 
  i say the reverse is true , as the cultural borders become weaker , english itself will diversify until it becomes a brand new language . 
  if you look at former colonies , quite often you will see cases of creole and pidgin languages - where a new language evolves as a result of a parent language incorporating elements of another language . 
  to some extent english started off as something like this - where the english melting pot caused all the languages from the many settlers of england to become one . 
  to some extent it is already happening . 
  after hanging around with greeks i found that my english started to take on some of the awkward sentence structure that they occasionally use ( like i used to only use `` quite some '' in the case of `` quite some time '' , but now i tend to use it in other contexts such as `` quite some changes '' and `` quite some difficulties '' ) . 
  also , despite only having learned german for 2 years about 9 years ago , i tend to occasionally slip german into what i say ( like responding to questions with `` ja ? '', 
  and using hybrid sentences such as `` that is sehr gut '' ) . 
  in other words , if europe ever fully integrates culturally , the likelihood is that 500 years from now we 'll see a language indistinguishable from any currently in existence that naturally evolved from all our local languages and contains elements from all of them . 
   young scandinavians increasingly use full-on english between them my colleague who went to sweden one time once came across a very interesting situation where two swedish guys on the street started talking to each other in english ... 
   sending mock one-way airline tickets to politicians with migrant roots , urging them to `` go home '' ahead of sunday 's election meanwhile in the uk , such campaigns are [ sponsored by government ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/home-offices-go-home-ad-campaign-advertising-watchdog-launches-investigation-8753946.html ) ... sigh it would be interesting to see , of those neo-nazis who sent these threats , how many of them have migrant roots themselves ... 
  the dutch monarchy are allowed to express or even have political opinions ? 
  seeming they are n't democratically elected , would have thought they 'd stay out of politics ... 
   that 's not the case of the uk , where scotland has always remained a separate entity from england . 
  even your royals are kings of england and scotland . 
  that 's not quite true . 
  the treaty of union merged the crowns of england and scotland into the kingdom of great britain . 
  the queen is the queen of great britain . 
  it is true however that they were managed as separate jurisdictions , but the scottish parliament did n't get reinstituted until 1999 . 
   i mean syria will never agree i dunno , what if we were to support some rebels who were currently fighting the pro-russian government , who may be more receptive to the idea ? 
  * has a megalomaniac obsession with neo-ancient architecture , statues and light shows ( a friend of mine who visited skopje joked that he was shocked when he found a 5ft patch of grass that was n't covered in statues ) . 
  * unfortunately the above comes at the expense of the entire rest of the population since all government funding is poured into this spectacle as opposed to helping to fund the local infrastructure and education of the country . 
  * a country trying to search for an identity in a world where cultural identity matters . 
  in my opinion , a shame because their actual history and culture is real and rich enough to stand on its own - it does n't need to make controversial revisionist claims . 
  * mother teresa was born in the region . 
  * of course , the controversy surround the naming dispute - one that surrounds a philosophical question over whether any culture/nation can really claim to be the continuation of a culture/nation that has not truly existed for over 1000 years . 
  the name issue is just the surface , the real issue surrounds the concept of [ united macedonia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ) . 
  and i hardly think the uk can cast stones given the gibraltar and falkland islands disputes . 
  in essence , in this conflict fyrom is argentina/spain , greece is the uk and aegean macedonia is gibraltar/the falklands . 
  of course instead of investing time and money into researching how to build giant dikes , we could invest it in making sure the ice does n't melt in the first place . 
  and with western europe in shatters , eastern europe , the balkans and greece ( which all appear to be relatively unaffected ) would rise again . 
  if its any consolation , as someone born and living in the depths of surrey , my opinion on the matter is merely `` please do n't leave us with the insane people in westminster , at least take us with you ! '', 
  your holyrood government seems much more sensible than the westminster government . 
  russia tends to get involved where it would provide them a tactical advantage . 
  i can imagine russia would have supported the irish independence purely on the basis that it weakened the british empire . 
  the liberal democrats used to call for it ... until they became a carbon copy of the conservatives ... 
  in fairness , the block was made by o2 for their mobile network ( and by extension giffgaff as well ) . 
  the mobile networks have had filters for years . 
  also , as a former o2 customer , the fact that they would be the first to censor would n't surprise me .
