  so its a win-win situation . 
  my point had always been that the uk 's falls and rises did n't actually correlate with the falls and rises of eurozone economies . 
  france 's economy grew when ours was stagnating , now the tables have flipped thankfully for us british folk . 
  what i 'm saying is that its quite clear that the eurozone crisis only served to accentuate the structural problems we already had rather than be a problem in and of itself . 
  so the idea that politicians even now are still saying that the eu is dragging us down when , as you said , it is our major export irks me somewhat . 
  i have to admit i 'm slightly biased as a eu lover though - if britain , france and germany are amongst the most powerful economies in the world , imagine how we 'd be if our economies combined ... we could probably afford to make # 10 an hour the minimum wage with the surplus ... 
  actually the french economy is still larger than the uk 's - although admittedly their economy has suffered very recently . 
  we 're experiencing growth this year but to me it seems that it came round about the time cameron shuffled his cabinet . 
  and a lot of internal british sacrifice came with it ( such as the wage drop mentioned in the original post along with cuts to the nhs ) . 
  the reason why 2013 has been a good year is because we finally got our act together and actually started doing something rather than sitting around saying `` what we are doing is working , its just that damn eu 's fault , we should totally leave it '' . 
  but then the problem still remains how comes the northern part of the eurozone seems to be coping just fine despite carrying the burden of the collapse of the southern eurozone economies . 
  yes our exports have dropped , but the fact that other countries seem to be able to cope whilst ours is suffering suggests that the majority of the problem is internal rather than external . 
  if the measures we have taken are n't countering the external factors , it 's because of something we are doing wrong . 
  the culture of government to just scapegoat and blame everything apart from its own policy irks me a lot . 
  and i can kinda understand why they take that attitude . 
  the times the government have u-turns they have been criticised for being `` weak willed '' - because apparently being able to admit when you were wrong is now a mortal sin . 
  i 'd have much more respect george osborne and david cameron if they just stood up and admitted `` okay , we admit , this approach is n't working , we 're going to investigate other approaches '' rather than just steaming ahead on policies that clearly do n't work purely out of ideological principle ... 
  but no , according to certain groups of uk politicians , it is still totally all the eu/eurozone/syria / greece/ireland/libya / iraq 's fault that the uk is n't profiting ... 
  [ there 's a campaign ] ( http://www.britishreparations.org ) suggesting that britain should compensate everyone for everything that has ever gone wrong ( they seriously go as far as things that were indirectly caused by britain 's meddling ) . 
  it suggests that britain owes germany $ 26trillion for wwi ... so that might help in paying back poland ... < _ <, 
  interestingly , [ yes ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jan/14/insulting-section-5-public-order-act ) . 
  which only serves to make this case even more silly since they already committed to changing the law ... 
  yeah , i do think britain 's laws against insults does go way beyond the pale . 
  some people just need to be called a wanker sometimes . . that said , i 'd be surprised if the judge does n't throw this case out . 
  if he does n't then arguably half of parliament should be jailed since mps are constantly insulting each other at least every wednesday ... 
  well no-one has been dismissed but the issue came up in 2008 : http://www.ocregister.com/totalbuzz/strong-469542-communist-party.html . 
  actually i 'd like to correct my point because since 2008 the law has in fact changed . 
  the anti-boycott law was an amendment to the export administration act in 1977 . 
  filtering of porn technically is n't fine in the uk either - that 's why there is no bill being tabled , just a `` suggestion '' to isps that they should implement filters or something `` bad '' will happen . 
  it 's incredibly dirty politics . 
  that said the us did rule that `` obscene '' pornography is not covered by the first amendment , which has implications since `` obscene '' is an incredibly subjective term . 
  really i only took issue with the other poster 's response of calling hate speech and anti-radical laws in europe as `` bullshit '' simply because it would n't fly in the states . 
  it 's not bullshit , it 's just a cultural difference . 
  the united states has the value of liberty ( the right to be free ) held above all else , whilst europe holds equality ( the right for everyone to have the same opportunity ) as the value above all else . 
  neither is less correct than the other . 
  the problem is that whilst the law proper is n't repealed , it can ( and in fact in california education code sec . 
  44932 is ) be used as a means of discriminating against `` undesirables '' . 
  my response was more pointing out that even the us with a free speech clause in its constitution is n't immune to censorship . 
  it 's also illegal to support any boycott of israel and although there is nothing explicit , the us patriot act has alarming implications for free speech . 
  i 'm not saying whether this is better or worse than in europe . 
  i 'm just pointing out that getting into a us vs europe flame war over the matter of free speech will not be productive since both blocs are actually fairly equal in terms of censorship . 
  it 's why i said technically . 
  the law is still there but its not enforced . 
  technically it 's still illegal to even be communist in the usa . 
  california education code sec . 
  44932 bans members of the communist party from teaching . 
  and the communist control act of 1954 was never repealed . 
  in fairness , my sealand reference was always meant to be a joke ( if anything , in the past two decades britain extended its ocean borders so sealand is still part of britain ) . 
  but the truth behind it is that there will probably be a few holdouts that do n't censor and they will end up owning a virtual goldmine . . 
  well then this all comes down to me misunderstanding what you were arguing for . 
  i thought you were genuinely suggesting direct democracy as something to replace representative democracy ... if not i apologise, 
  the problem with what you described is that switzerland 's system is still a representative democracy . 
  to have a true direct democracy you would need to scrap the concept of parliament and just do everything on referendum ... 
   you either think that people are capable of understanding how the country should be managed , or you do n't and do n't let them vote on laws or rulers . 
  i believe people are not capable of understanding the particulars of every single issue that affects a country , but they are capable of forming general ideologies - hence the party system . 
  the balance is between handing all the control to the people or handing all the control to a select few . 
  the examples i picked were examples on both ends of how representative democracy occasionally fails . 
  corrupt governments are the result of giving too much power to the select few . 
  coups ( and by this i mean the reason coup that saw a democratically elected president get ousted because a segment of the general public did n't agree with with what the rest of the public voted ) are the result of what happens when you give the people too much power ( in this case i admit power is more , support of a militia , but there is n't a good example of true direct democracy ) . 
  the beauty of representative democracy is that you establish a co-dependence , the representatives are dependent on the general public , and the general public are dependent on their representatives, 
  it 's not that black and white , its not either you support full democracy or you support no democracy . 
  the system we have is a delicate balance . 
  sometimes that balance is crossed hence you get corrupt governments , or on the other side you get the coups as you see in the middle east and egypt . 
  i never said representative democracy is perfect only that its the best we have got ... 
  ultimately the issue is if you give people an open choice on every issue , no-one collectively will be able to decide how the issue should be solved and in the end the country breaks down into factions . 
  you need more than 50 % of the population to agree on a single solution for a true direct democracy , and that is almost impossible if the choice is open . 
  if you have a closed choice ( i.e. 
  you are saying `` here are some choices that you are allowed to pick '' ) , you have to ask the question of who determines how the question should be phrased . 
  then you are just back at square 1 . 
   people voting according to their opinion on every single issue instead of going alone generic party lines , the horror ... 
  the problem is that everyone 's view on a single issue will probably be 3 % of the vote . 
  you 'd have about 10 + different solutions to the same problem with about 3-10 % of the public support each . 
  no policy would win therefore nothing would get decided ... 
   why allow them to vote on such an important issue than the people who will be in charge , then ? 
  because it acts as a filter . 
  if joe bloggs and his backwater village believe that all immigrants should be crucified , he has n't got a voice for that particular opinion to gain traction in the country . 
  what he will instead do is vote for a party with tougher immigration controls . 
  edit : another reason is to consider why we do party politics . 
  we could just elect representatives directly . 
  the problem is every individual person will have a slightly different viewpoint on how an issue should be dealt with . 
  the problem with a no party system is that all the representatives would be in constant disagreement and thus no decisions would be made - and this is why coalition governments are considered to be so undesirable . 
  this is just on a government consisting of 100-1000 members . 
  now try extending this to an entire country ... 
  i should clarify though that whilst i 'm disillusioned by democracy because i think the general public is too ignorant of reality , i think representative democracy is the only fair and balanced system . 
  i would equally say that giving all the power to an elite few is equally bad because they are easily corrupted . 
  so i 'm not about to advocate meritocracy or autocracy . 
  basically my entire viewpoint stems from the idea that people in general suck . . 
   but if you do n't , please tell me why you do believe in any form of democracy then . 
  to be brutally honest i do n't `` believe '' in any form of democracy . 
  for example , italy almost managed to not only get out of recession but knock merkel down a few pegs when monti was in charge . 
  the only sense i do is that i believe a country should represent the ideologies and needs of its people . 
  letting the public vote on specific issues is problematic but getting them to vote on its needs and ideologies is the best compromise . 
  if you want an example of what sort of laws would be passed if it was down to a majority public decision , look at the second top open petition at : http://epetitions.direct.gov.uk/petitions `` stop mass immigration from bulgarian and romanians in 2014 , when eu restrictions on immigration are relaxed . '', 
  also in the closed petitions tab : `` convicted london rioters should loose all benefits '' and although they are automatically filtered now , but several times near the start petitions to `` bring back the death penalty '' kept raising to the top . 
  the vast majority of the public are morons when it comes to specific issues ... 
   be sure that the medias will soon become flooded with information and pressing advices . 
  and therein lies the issue . 
  we absolutely can not be sure that the media will be filled with good advice . 
  to illustrate , the bbc in the uk is supposed to be completely politically neutral . 
  but even that falls into bias on some issues ( for example during the tuition fees protest they did an interview with a guy who was dragged out of his wheelchair by police where the interviewer basically implied that the wheelchair guy was inciting violence and thus deserved the police brutality ) .
