  what has been discovered in africa is that what works for europe , does n't work for africa . 
  in an ideal world , we would have never tried to colonise africa , and simply let them develop things their own way . 
  unfortunately , all we can really do is lighten their burden by subsidising their economies to compensate for the inefficiencies caused by their incompatible government system until their economies are stable enough for them to reform . 
  ( luckily as i said , since the 2000s most african economies have experienced a boom , so we might get to that state by the end of the century ... )  the basic infrastructure can be erected by the people of africa deciding that they want to do so . 
  it will need social change and stopping the in fighting and not a single african nation can be said to have succeeded at it in long term no matter how much we leave them alone . 
  see here 's the problem , because there is a lack of basic infrastructure , there are barely any schools . 
  no schools means lack of education . 
  lack of education means a lack of awareness amongst the population to know what needs to be done to turn the country into a thriving economy . 
  ca n't you see the fundamental issue here ? 
   africa is still the most resource rich continent on the planet and the only thing holding them back the last 20 years has been their own internal corruption . 
  internal corruption caused , as i noted , by us trying to force political model and culture that is simply incompatible with the unique cultural landscape of africa . 
  and it is hard for them to exploit those resources , when the basic infrastructure for them to do so does n't exist . 
   if we are to take care of africa which i do not think we should it should be the former colonial powers that do so and not the ones that were not involved in the first place . 
  yeah [ about that ... ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:colonial_africa_1913_map.svg ) the only african countries that were n't colonised were liberia ( which technically was an american colony , though it was founded by freed african-americans ) and ethiopia ( which avoided colonisation by successfully defending itself against italy ) . 
  notably , these two countries are currently the two fastest growing economies in the continent ( though in fairness african economy has been in rapid growth since the early 2000s ) . 
  problem is you ca n't just fuck over an entire continent for over a century and then just say `` fuck it , not our problem . '', 
  africa could have developed on its own but we fucked it over with colonisation policies . 
  by drawing completely arbitrary international borders we fuelled decades of continental conflict . 
  by forcing industrialisation on africa , we damaged entire ecosystems ( due to mono-crop farms ) and threw africa into poverty ( since all the resources africa produced would immediately be taken as assets of the european host and then had to buy their goods back from the europeans at heavily inflated prices ) . 
  our racism led to the oppression of the native population of africa ( a memory that should still be clear in our heads due to the policies of apartheid south africa ) , and prevented the development of any infrastructure that could actually help the native population . 
  our actions created a continent of people who are in the best case held back culturally , and in the worst case completely confused in cultural identity ( due to the pollution of incompatible european culture - the tribal politics of traditional african cultures is incompatible with the western-model of democracy ) . 
  it has left them stripped for resources and without the economic means to develop basic infrastructure . 
  we ca n't leave the past effects of colonialism behind us , because it is still very much the present and we owe huge reparations to the african people . 
  there is freedom of speech , and then there is xenophobia , especially xenophobia based on a revisionist account of history . 
  the number of people in this thread who think africans would n't have been able to develop on their own without the guiding hand of the `` benevolent '' and `` civilised '' european colonists is alarming ... also the complete denial of the role europeans played in fucking up african culture and living standard is astounding ... 
  i decided to read up on this ( wo n't lie [ my source is wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_history_in_russia ) ) , since i find the homophobia odd as well ( since homophobia is actually completely anti-communist , since communism promotes a secular society with equal rights for all ) . 
  the summary i can give is that apparently russia was one of the first european countries to abolish anti-homosexual laws ( after the bolveshik revolution in 1917 , the new communist government abolished all tsarist laws on sexual relationships effectively making homosexuality legal ) and even had openly gay politicians working in government . 
  they also apparently sent a delegation to germany in the 1930s to encourage them to change their laws and allow homosexuality . 
  where it all went wrong ( as could be said about everything else that went wrong with the ussr ) was when stalin took power . 
  stalin , being a rather paranoid bloke , reinstated anti-homosexuality laws with the rhetoric that gays were part of a right-wing fascist conspiracy . 
  he encouraged anti-gay propaganda pretty much conflating gay people with paedophiles , even after the objections of a british communist . 
  when he died , the new government pretty much continued his propaganda , now conflating homosexuality with prison rape . 
  this propaganda then pretty much ran rampant through the rest of the ussr . 
  the legalisation of homosexuality in 1993 was only after intense pressure from the council of europe to do so . 
  what does n't help is that the russian orthodox church was always vehemently against homosexuality ( those orthodox churches are stubborn like that ) . 
  tl ; dr the current homophobia is the result of stalinist propaganda gone rampant combined with the increasing influence of the russian orthodox church in the russian federation . 
  the pre-stalinist ussr was actually quite good in terms of lgbt rights ... 
  wow , georgia is a bit of an anomaly in the caucasus ... also liechtenstein , what the fuck ? 
  you do n't even have decades of soviet oppression to justify your homophobia ... 
  it 's almost as if citizens of a country do n't act as a unified hivemind . 
  seriously , as i keep saying , verka serduchka is ukraine 's ultimate defence against russia . 
  you mean [ victoria 2 ] ( http://imgur.com/a/np1o9 ) lied to me ? 
  i think the problem with what you 're saying is that when you say africa was backwards , that is by a eurocentric standard . 
  who are we to hold a country up to our ideals ? 
  it 's true we brought significant advancement in terms of technology . 
  the problem is we also imposed our cultural ideals onto these nations . 
  the main example i can think of is the issue of gay relationships in africa and asia . 
  until we came along and started trying to impose christian values ( and i do mean imposed , we practically forced them to convert to our ways ) , gay relationships were not seen as a big deal ( gay relationships were practically encouraged amongst shinto monks on japan , it was practically celebrated amongst native americans , and there were reports of socially accepted homosexual relationships in at least the northern congo and lesotho ( which by the way we found barbaric ) ) . 
  japan incidentally ended up rejecting the idea that they should conform to western values , hence why homosexuality has only been banned for 8 years in japan 's history . 
  tl ; dr yes , us bringing technology to these countries certainly helped . 
  however to suggest they were savages before we `` civilised '' them is a horrifically imperialist view of the world . 
  edit : also the suggestion we brought them human rights is laughable - as if we were the bastion of everything free and good in the 1800s . . and it has been largely suggested that applying western style democracy broke africa even more since it directly conflicts with their traditional styles of government . 
  they should have been allowed to evolve their own style of government based on their unique cultural and historical context . 
  he basically acted like the spokesperson for the chinese people during last night 's final . 
  okay , you twisted my words . 
  it was n't brilliant , but colonisation did n't improve it . 
  their economies are crippled pretty much due to how we exploited them . 
  to suggest we brought enlightenment to them is an imperialist view that ignores the atrocities that were inflicted upon them . . 
  it 's all in good fun at this point though . 
  and france returns the favour by talking about those damn tea-drinking rosbifs . 
  except it was colonisation that fucked africa up in the first place ... 
  in fairness , before they removed the rule requiring a nation to sing in one of their official languages , the uk and ireland tended to win a lot more ... 
  hell , when the host was paying tribute to the audience halfway through , the camera panned and clearly showed at least two guys kissing . 
  let 's face it , eurovision was an lgbt pride event, 
  our privilege that came from a millennium of being beat up by them and us beating up them . 
  honestly , although the uk may have lost , we beat france and greece and a drag queen won ... 
  i am happy . 
  to be fair , you deserved it ... 
  when we next film a james bond movie , we 'll call you guys, 
  we beat france and greece , i am willing to take this as us being back in the game . 
  thank you denmark for acknowledging how superior the united kingdom is . 
  i look forward to the denmark province of the people 's republic of china . 
  did you forget france 's performance ? 
  in fair , its a sign he has succeeded . 
  last commentator noted by a host was terry wogan . 
  needs more dubstep ... 
  remove imperialism from premises . 
  i ca n't help thinking that given it 's a song about moustaches the lead singer should have a moustache, 
  i seriously want to find out how it is possible to train your voice to keep up a constant feminine tone in a way that is melodic . 
  `` it 's practically a feminist anthem '', 
  before we begin , let us remember the time [ ukraine launched a weapon of mass destruction against europe ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfjhjnevone ) . 
  a song that people can jump around to ? 
  it is literally the perfect formula for a summer dance club track . 
  there is an electoral register form sent to each house a year before an election to confirm who is living at the address , so that they can compile the tick-off list . 
  this type of registration is pretty much to reduce electoral fraud by preventing people from trying to vote in more than constituency/region in a general/european election ( though people are entitled to vote in more than one local election , since , for example , students are allowed to be registered both at their home address and their university address ) . 
  edit : it 's worth noting that the uk has the additional technicality that irish and commonwealth citizens are eligible to vote provided they are currently living in the uk ( thanks to us never getting around to revising the representation of the people act 1918 to change the definition of a british subject ) . 
  this leads to the bizarre situation that cypriots can vote for our government even though ordinarily an eu citizen could n't . 
  it 's very weird because we have a centralised electoral based that is compiled by the register form , but the entire polling system is decentralised . 
  so the local constituency gets its registration forms , which it then sends to central government who compile the full list , the local constituency then uses this full list to make its own local lists for the election . 
  also there is no requirement to show id on polling day , and you can opt to vote by proxy . 
  and even though they compile a list of exactly who voted , it is stored in a sealed envelope that is never opened unless someone questions the results of an election . 
  right , i may have misinterpreted your post then , i thought you were saying `` and you wonder why other people hate you '' as in `` and russia wonders why other people hate russia '' , because i thought hate would be too strong to be used against a person on the internet . . 
  yeah , i had to have the expression explained to me as well ... your way round makes much more sense . 
  i agree his stance is bullshit , but i think too often on this subreddit we have a tendency to conflate the person and the country their flair represents . 
  you state '' and you wonder why other people hate you '' - i 'd like to think we do n't hate akarlin as a person even if we disagree with his viewpoint of the world ... 
  well you ca n't simultaneously have a cake and eat it . 
  once you 've eaten the cake , you no longer have a cake . 
  what we should do is not stoop to russia 's level by hating on someone purely for their circumstances . 
  the best way to overcome the russian propaganda that europe = evil is to overwhelm russians with tolerance for other cultures . 
  if the russian people notice that we are willing to support them despite the animosity we feel towards their country 's action , it may convince them that europe ai n't so bad after all and encourage less arseholeish parties to get in power in russia . .
