no , your ancestors happily entered the union after voting for it in scottish parliament noting a clear opportunity for scotland to become prosperous from the trade links ( which it did , glasgow went from being a big city , to one of the greatest trade links ) . 
  your ancestors would have also been pretty knees deep in oppressing the irish . 
  seriously , people forget that it was n't just england that created the union ... edit : in fact , historically the scottish people were on the loyalist side of the american revolution - they feared american independence since most scottish business relied on trade with the colonies . 
  it 's largely a myth , but it would have turned the 2010 result from a tory/libdem coalition , to an outright tory majority . 
   and i expect there will be a shocking , by any standards , amount of drinking tonight in any case . 
  i do n't think it is possible exceed british standards of drinking . 
  [ basically they use the suggestion that they are a successor of the kingdom of macedonia to claim the entire region ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_macedonia ), 
   judaism is just as critical of homosexuality as the other abrahamic religions . 
  yeah ... you lack a fundamental understanding of the current state of the judaic faith . 
  it is true orthodox jews ( and the torah ) are against homosexuality . 
  conservative jews have been a bit more conflicted - with the european masorti sect maintaining the orthodox position , whilst the us sect allows gay marriage . 
  then you have the reformist and reconstructionist jews who outright reject the traditional interpretation , stating that leviticus was clearly condemning rape and prostitution not homosexuality . 
  generally judaism tends to be a bit more open when it comes to homosexuality , brought about mainly out of solidarity due to joint suffering from the holocaust . . 
  as much as i hate the sun , yougov has consistently been the most accurate polling company - successfully predicting the result of every uk election with a 1-2 % margin of error . . 
  pro-eu , anti-euro ( i think it 's important to state that because the scots ' dislike of the idea of joining the euro has been turning into a sticking point recently ), 
  the difference is that for him to have become an imam , there must have been a congregation that had faith in his teachings . 
   his muslim mates . 
  well technically , sunni imams are chosen by the congregation of the mosque based on their wisdom . 
  in other words he became an imam because his muslim mates were okay with him being gay . 
   clearly those ukrainians are up to no good . 
  started to makin ' trouble in their neighbourhood . 
  i wish i could find the clip from red dwarf containing this quote :  lister : i mean , the greeks have been camped outside troy , kerpowing , zapping , and kersplatting the trojans for the best part of a decade , yeah ? 
  so all of a sudden they wake up one mornin ' and the greeks have gone . 
  and there outside the city walls they 've left this gift ; this tribute to their valiant foes : a huge wooden horse , just large enough to happily contain 500 greeks in full battle dress and still leave adequate room for toilet facilities ? 
  are you telling me not one trojan goes , `` hang on a minute , that 's a bit of a funny prezzy . 
  what 's wrong with a couple hundred pairs of socks and some aftershave ? '', 
  no , they do n't -- they just wheel it in and all decide to go for an early night !, 
  people that stupid deserve to be kerpowed , zapped and kersplatted in their beds !, 
  you know what the big joke is ? 
  from this particular phase in history we derive the phrase , `` beware of greeks bearing gifts , '' when it would be much more logical to derive the phrase , `` beware of trojans , they 're complete smegheads ! '', 
  better argument : it is more cost-effective to send high-tech remote controlled computer equipment onto the surface of other planetoids , than it is to send people . 
  it is not about having less money , rather the reason we do n't send men to the moon anymore is because there is nothing a human can do in the name of the science ( that would be worth either the human or economic cost ) that a rover could n't just as easily do . 
  with a rover you can make a much lighter spacecraft ( since it does n't need living quarters ) , spend much less on supplies ( since rovers do n't need food , water or oxygen ) and more importantly , since we can now build rovers with mobile labs , we do n't need to organise a return trip . 
  let 's face it , the only time a man will land on the moon in the future is because we decided to colonise it ... 
  next should be trains of europe ... with the caveat that the person has to cover every train per country ... good luck with the uk :p, 
  `` amazing one-bedroom apartment with balcony . 
  modern architecture . 
  communal kitchen and bathroom . 
  rent at just # 1000pcm '' - typical london landlord, 
  it 's bigger than the average london studio flat ... 
  personally i feel whoever has more than 50 % of the european parliament support . 
  ( which is why i think they should just select juncker as a candidate and then do the vote in the european parliament as is the prerogative ... though i am of the belief that there should n't be the ec phase of the candidate selection - i believe each political group should select a candidate and then all candidates should be voted on by the european parliament with none of the bs that has been going on for the past few weeks ... ), 
  so do ukip want a brexit or simply an improvement on democratic accountability ? 
  because the latter actually seems like a reasonable policy ... 
   at least they learned the lesson about minorities i say here , here to the rest of your post , but this bit i go `` ehhh , sort of '' . 
  many black communities in america are still forced in ghettos , and racially motivated discrimination is still very much present . 
  the real aesop is that those who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it , but unfortunately very few people pay attention in history class ... ( and most countries tend to gloss over the bad bits about their ancestors in the curriculum ), 
   no , but if you break the pickpocket 's nose , then i think you 're well within your rights . 
  not by any criminal justice code i 'm aware of ... 
  funnily enough , according to the top bar , this news article was also posted to / r/whiterights ... 
   if said jewish teenager was a known repeat violent offender . 
  he was questioned about the incidents , he was never charged - so he was not a known repeat violent offender ... 
   robbery always involves threat of force far as i know . 
  i checked and you 're right , however there are details of this case that need pointing out - 1 ) he was questioned in connection to a string of robberies , the fact we live in a society that is `` innocent until proven guilty '' and the fact that he was let go may be a sign that maybe , just maybe , he may have been innocent ? 
  2 ) the crime he allegedly ( again the note is allegedly ) committed that caused the kidnap was a burglary which is something completely different . 
  the fact we are assuming that we are all assuming he actually committed these crimes and that the local community did n't just pin the blame on the nearest roma person they could find is an issue in and of itself . 
   if you use force , you have to expect force to be used upon you . 
  it is somewhat beyond , but it did n't exactly hit an innocent . 
  you have a right to self-defence when your life is in immediate danger , you do not have the right to track down the person , kidnap them , and then attempt murder . 
   if they showed some good will first by stopping to become career criminals , i 'm sure all that would happen . 
  they need to take the first step , because society 's first duty is to protect its members and since they prefer to keep outside of it and endanger the members of society ... 
  okay , and what options do the roma have ? 
  who will employ them ? 
  who is going to include them in society ? 
  i should point out that the hostility between europeans and roma is n't a recent phenomenon , it has being going on since at least the 13th century . 
  when the whole of europe is already hostile to you and makes all efforts to try and remove you , how many options do you have to become a productive member of society ? 
  i remember reading on reddit some posts from roma who note that the only way they were ever able to get by in society was to actively suppress their cultural identity and pretend they were n't roma - since the slightest admission of them being roma would lead to them experiencing open hostility . 
  to be honest , it 's getting very hard to not invoke godwin 's law when it comes to discussing roma and immigration in europe these days . 
  i would have hoped we had learned the perils of denigrating an entire minority as thieves and criminals from wwii ... 
  to be honest , i 'm not really shocked , but i was kinda hoping there even / r/europe had the moral capacity to draw a line and say `` wrong actions are wrong regardless of who they are committed against '' . 
   as in `` used force or threat of force '' robbery . 
  the article does n't specify what kind of robbery , for all we know it is simply the `` stealing food that had been left in the open '' robbery . 
  regardless , sure you can appreciate that `` violently assaulting someone , putting them in a coma and leaving them to die '' is a massive step beyond `` used force or threat of force to obtain ill-gotten goods ''  maybe if they would produce less career criminals , people would like them more . 
  crazy idea , i know . 
  maybe if we stopped trying to alienate them from society and shoving them in ghettos , they would n't see becoming career criminals as the only option to survive . 
  i mean you speak as if the average employer would n't immediately reject any job application the moment they realise the person is roma ? 
  i do n't know how i forgot that one , yes they have a strong disdain for israel . 
  basically take the very worst attitudes you can find on / r/europe then magnify them by 100 . 
  so basically an extreme anti-muslim , anti-roma , anti-immigrant , anti-us , anti-russia circlejerk . 
  right , but to prove you did not intend to kill me , you have to have made some effort to ensure i stayed alive , if you had shot me in the stomach and then just left me to bleed where i was , you would be tried for attempted murder ... 
  no , i do n't , but i 'm currently posting in / r/europe so my frustrated outcry is currently directed at / r/europe . 
  i was going to limit to that but this article is also being discussed on / r/worldnews ... 
  but as far as any criminal court is concerned , the fact they attacked him with enough ferocity to leave him a coma ( which by the way requires quite a lot of force to achieve ) , and the fact he is in a critical condition means that it is an attempted murder . 
  the intent comes from the fact that they were able to put him into his current condition . . 
   he was n't killed and i suspect if they really did want to kill him then he would n't be in hospital right now . 
   i do n't know what their intentions were so i 'm not going to make a judgement either way on whether they were just giving him a good hiding to deter him or something more sinister . 
  if they beat someone into a coma and then left them alone in a shopping cart to bleed without alerting any medical authority , i think it is safe to say they were n't expecting him to still be alive after the ordeal ... 
   and get done for kidnapping and false imprisonment ? 
  no thanks . 
  well now they get to face kidnap and attempted murder charges instead ...  do n't say we when you do n't suffer in the same way those you 're condemning do , at some point , after all else has failed , you have to stand up for yourself and your community , why should i and my family live in terror so that you can feel enlightened across town ? 
  and how many roma have attempted to murder you and your family ? 
  last i checked , assaulting someone and leaving them for dead is not a proportionate response to petty theft , you 're right , i literally ca n't understand how anyone could possibly think otherwise . 
  this is n't about being enlightened , this is about not killing everyone who wrongs you in some way ... 
   but is informed from personal experience i 'm sorry , but so far the main personal experience you have stated is that you happened to watch a ( probably sensationalised ) documentary a while ago ... and again you make assumptions ( in fact , apparently the latest news is that the attackers may have in fact been members of a gang and that this was a case of a gang war rather than just some community members who had enough ) . 
  however , even if the police and local authority were failing to stop the kid , so fucking what . 
  that still does n't justify beating up a kid and then leaving him for dead . 
  catch the boy in the act , on camera , then catch the boy and escort him to a police station . 
  the moment we set the precedence that attempting to murder someone over any perceived injustice , petty or not , we become no better than barbarians . 
  so instead of advocating reform programs to help these people integrate into society , you advocate violently beating teenagers and leaving them for dead ? 
  if thinking that no-one deserves to be violently assaulted and left for dead makes me ignorant , then i 'd rather be blind than a monster .
