  * 14,000 people had their citizenship revoked . 
  * 30,000 people went abroad as political refugees . 
  * 300 people died in a suspicious manner . 
  * 171 people died by reason of torture . 
  * 937 films were banned because they were found objectionable . 
  * 23,677 associations had their activities stopped . 
  * 3,854 teachers , 120 lecturers and 47 judges were dismissed . 
  * 400 journalists were recommended a total of 4,000 years imprisonment . 
  * journalists were sentenced 3,315 years and 6 months imprisonment . 
  * 31 journalists went to jail . 
  * 300 journalists were attacked . 
  * 3 journalists were shot dead . 
  * 300 days in which newspapers were not published . 
  * 303 cases were opened for 13 major newspapers . 
  * 39 tonnes of newspapers and magazines were destroyed . 
  * 299 people lost their lives in prison . 
  * 144 people died in a suspicious manner in prison . 
  * 14 people died in hunger strikes in prison . 
  * 16 people were shot while fleeing . 
  * 95 people were killed in combat . 
  * `` natural death report '' for 73 persons was given . 
  * the cause of death of 43 people was announced as `` suicide '' . 
  this is the kind of shit you 're advocating for here ... edit : it 's worth noting , that in the 1980 's case , whilst some form of democracy was re-established , this came with the caveat that literally every party had to be approved by a council that consisted of military generals . 
  in the first election after the coup , only three parties were allowed to take part , two of which were created by the junta themselves ... 
  it took a referendum in 1987 to get rid of this clearly undemocratic procedure . 
  `` we just want mew to appear in istanbul goddamnit ! '', 
  no , people are arguing against the idea that ends always justify the means . 
  the fact that an overly religious conservative nation is less than desirable does n't justify installing a military junta ... 
  honestly , people talk about this whole thing being a conspiracy for erdogan to consolidate power . 
  but this does n't exactly look particularly great for him . 
  what clearly happened is that the turkish government got taken completely by surprised by a small faction of the military ( even though any competent intelligence agency ought to have at least some insight to a plot happening ) , the president was mia for an hour , and then had to take desperate measures to fight back . 
  him calling on people to take to the streets was him trying to stall for time ( as it was clear the coup backers had no interest in creating civilian casualties so it would slow them down ) whilst the government mobilised its own forces . 
  the fact that this had to happen shows incredibly piss poor organisation on the turkish government 's part and corroborates the claims that erdogan 's record for actually protecting the national security of his country is abysmal . 
  imagine if this was n't a small bunch of insurrectionaries , but an organised enemy nation . 
  if it were n't for nato treaties , turkey would be annexed by now ... 
  it should n't take two hours to go from unauthorised tanks parking on your front lawn , to a full military response . 
  people are focusing on the fact that erdogan was able to see of the coup , but the fact is that he scraped through by the skin of his teeth . 
  the coup plotters should n't have been able to fully capture the two largest cities in the country before the turkish army even began to mobilise . 
  erdogan literally had to text supporters and broadcast via facetime in order to get the people to stall the coup long enough for him to get his shit together . 
  one of the coup plotters justifications for overthrowing the government was erdogan 's piss poor record in preventing terrorist attacks in recent months . 
  last night 's events have demonstrated that national security in turkey is abysmal . 
  so yeah , i can believe erdogan would want us to believe he faked the whole thing . 
  because that 's better than revealing that someone could waltz in and annex half the country before turkey fights back ... 
  to be fair , if you had just had people with weaponry trying to hunt you down , would n't you keep some loyal people with huge guns behind you ? 
  oh in that case you need to look at the uk where the current pm wanted to literally ban all end to end encryption ... 
  the us also supported the greek coup in the 70s ( because mccarthyism ), 
  the polish government taking control of the public media earlier this year ? 
  not to mention the hungarian government is quite shitty ... 
  but his group has already come out and condemned the coup ... 
   i do n't remember if between 1974 and now there was another nato country that had a coup turkey 1980 as a matter of fact ... 
  exact same justification , exact same plan ... ( turkey also couped in 1997 as well , though that was more the military sending a letter basically saying `` i see you are bit islamic there , it would be a shame if we had to park tanks on your lawn , resign plox '' ), 
  this is what happens when you codify secularism in your constitution with no codified process beyond the military to enforce that , with a rural population that supports islamism ... 
  apparently not for erdogan though ( who was getting twitter notifications during his skype call ) . 
  this would suggest that it was the government themselves who thought to shut down information channels ... ( which would kinda support the military 's reasoning for staging a coup ... ), 
  really what they need is a codified institution that is n't the military to ensure that the president 's religion does n't compromise turkey 's need to be secular ... part of what keeps happening is that the military gets jumpy as fuck if someone remotely religious gets into power, 
  turkey has experienced coups many times since becoming a nato member . . 
  the military performs coups in turkey so often that it 's basically a part of their constitutional processes ... 
  essentially it is written into the turkish constitution that turkey must be a secular democracy and that the military is responsible for enforcing that . 
  as such , the military tends to get antsy every time there is even a remote chance of that being compromised . 
  i think it 's too optimistic to say `` everything will be fine ! '', 
  but the goal of this coup was to get rid of erdogan . 
  i 'd go for `` federation of european states '' . 
  that way we get the star trek reference and fes as an acronym . 
  in all fairness , the aztec empire was hardly uncivilised . 
  in fact , tenochtitlan was considered one of the most impressive cities in the world at the time ( even cortes ' men were impressed ) . 
  it only really fell to spain due to cortes currying favour from a few local factions and the fact that the region had recently been ravaged by a smallpox epidemic . 
  ... then he decided to raze the city to the ground ( despite even cortes ' men finding the city 's structures to be awe-inspiring ) to assert spanish authority and built a relative shit hole on top ... like ffs spain , you guys see a city rivaling roman-era rome in terms of infrastructure ( they had withdrawable causeways connecting to the mainland , a complex series of aqueducts and canals , public baths and the royal palace even had a fucking aquarium ) with large pyramids built in the middle of a fucking lake and you guys decide `` hey let 's just burn the entire thing to the ground and turn it into mexico '' . 
  in the uk , parliamentary immunity only covers libel and slander , for the exact reason you stated . 
  an mp can be arrested under criminal law based on the principle that all are equal before the law . 
  this seems to work perfectly fine . . 
  `` why do you guys hate baby seals so much ?! '', 
  yes but that was during the cold war , not now . 
  the difference is that russia added this `` we will use nukes even if the enemy is just using conventional weapons if we think our existence as a state is at stake '' in 2010 . . 
  yes but the official military doctrine of russia is :  `` russia reserves the right to use nuclear weapons in response to the use of nuclear and other types of weapons of mass destruction against it or its allies , and also in case of aggression against russia with the use of conventional weapons when the very existence of the state is threatened . '', 
  the threat from russia comes from the fact that it is clear putin has a very loose definition of what constitutes `` the very existence of the state is threatened '' . 
  putin is just the right level of insane/dickishness to suggest that not allowing russia to annex crimea is making a threat against the very existence of russia . 
  ( not to mention the election of donald `` nobody builds walls better than me '' trump now makes the us contribution in any war effort with russia less reliable ), 
   they could n't compete with britain 's production and quality i mean , they would soon have the advantage of being cheaper to import in the eu ... 
  actually it depends what scotland do . 
  every snp seat is now a marginal with a few being 3 or 4 party races . 
  labour could take an absolute majority by reclaiming scotland . 
  again i did n't suggest trying it again , i was just pointing out that the basic idea that everyone should be equal and that should n't be a class system where those who rule are part of a rich aristocracy is n't an idea that should be banned . 
  nazism should be banned as an ideology because it explicitly promotes discriminating and ostracising people . 
  but being against a class system is n't something that you should be arrested for ... 
  well no-one has , like i say communism is one of those ideas that seems fine on paper but just does n't work in practice . 
  but surely you can see how `` society where everyone is equal , no-one holds all the wealth and no person is better than the other '' = / = `` society where one guy or group of people at the top intimidate everyone else to obey and pretend everything is equal '' . 
  the point is that communism is different to nazism in that with nazism its despicable even in theory . 
  no , he said that would be a consequence of ignoring the proletariat . 
  remember this was in an age before universal democracy . 
  france had just had two violent revolutions because the aristocracy would n't relinquish control to the common folk . 
  later on in his life once universal suffrage started to become a thing , marx admitted on his death bed that a violent revolution in societies that had established a properly working democracy would n't be necessary as democracy had shown it could pass social reform , though outdated societies still running an agrarian monarchy * coughrussiacough * could see a revolution in the next few decades . 
  people forget that the communist manifesto was never a direction on what should happen but an observation of the fact that treating your workers as if they are expendable tends to work out badly for those in charge . 
  well yes , marx correctly identified all the problems with capitalism but did n't really come up with a necessarily good solution . 
  the point i was making though was n't about whether or not communism is a good idea but whether it is fair to claim that communism can be equated to mass murder in the same way nazism is . 
  regardless of whether or not you think communism is correct , the mass purging of individuals was never a feature of communist theory . 
  meanwhile nazism was quite explicit in its `` let 's purge people who are n't us '' thing . 
  yes communism under the soviet union was shit , for the reasons i stated . 
  the russians took a distorted view of the ideology , and turned it into a vehicle to oppress people for the purposes of the oligarchy . 
  i know this wanders into no true scots territory , but any implementation which leads to a select few having all the power whilst oppressing the majority is not really capturing the actual idea of communism . 
  that 's my point .
