  the specific advice given is this :  tourists are targeted by thieves and pickpockets in sunny beach and other resorts . 
  do n't take valuables to the beach and be wary of poorly lit roads around the resort at night . 
  there has been an increase in burglaries from hotel rooms in sunny beach . 
  make sure you lock your room ( including windows and balcony doors ) and keep your valuables locked in a safe . 
  do n't change money on the streets in sunny beach , only at licensed exchange points , banks or hotels . 
   prostitution is not illegal in bulgaria however we have received numerous reports of pickpocketing , muggings and assaults of british nationals by prostitutes and their minders . 
  avoid areas where prostitutes operate especially late at night , including car parks , badly lit areas and areas with bushes and trees . 
  stick to main routes and avoid alleys and short cuts in sunny beach  there have been reports of car tyres being deliberately punctured across bulgaria . 
  while investigating the puncture , someone distracts the driver and personal belongings and documents are stolen from the vehicle . 
  be vigilant if you have to stop in these circumstances and make sure your belongings are secure . 
   break-ins have occurred in properties in the residential areas of cities and rural areas . 
  seek local advice on security for your home . 
   for all types of emergency ( fire , ambulance , police ) you can dial 112 . 
  how so ? 
  if you are arguing because of eea-status , then by that logic so does ukip since ukip still supports the concept of commonwealth citizenship ... edit : of course no party has a policy that is truly neutral on nationality , because otherwise every british person should have to fulfil the citizenship test to remain in the country . 
  whoever regulates your referendums needs a talk on the concept of leading questions ... of course people would vote 2/3 for , people are more likely to conform with what seems to be the preferred choice of those asking the question . 
  uk policy on northern ireland is that provided they do n't try to install a dictatorship and commit genocide on the opposing side , we let them do their own thing , because fuck if we are going to start another irish civil war . 
  the difference is that your version of neutral is that immigration still needs to be tightened . 
  whilst my version is that it works just fine , it just needs time for the immigrants to settle . 
  what 's wrong with polish construction workers ? 
  they are usually more reliable and timely than your average british construction worker ... 
  i disagree with his statement that there is anything wrong indian immigrants , they bring a lot to the table . 
  however , poles are generally seen more favourably . 
  turns out , despite the scare 10 years ago , after the initial influx of poles , poles are now huge contributors to our economy , having set up business chains paying into our tax system . 
  it turns out when you give people the chance to integrate with our society , after some initial teething period , they actually do . 
  who would have thought ? 
  north europe generally did n't have us sponsored government coups and civil wars ... 
  and some places were more of a battleground than others - greece was one of those . 
  even old new york was once new amsterdam, 
  [ you kinda let greece become a cold war proxy battleground ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_military_junta_of_1967%e2%80%9374#the_coup_d.27.c3.a9tat_of_21_april )  georgios papandreou was arrested after a nighttime raid at his villa in kastri . 
  andreas was arrested at around the same time , after seven soldiers armed with fixed bayonets and a machine gun forcibly entered his home . 
  andreas papandreou escaped to the roof of his house , but surrendered after one of the soldiers held a gun to the head of his then-fourteen-year-old son george papandreou . 
  gust avrakotos , a high-ranking cia officer in greece who was close with the colonels , advised them to `` shoot the motherfucker because he 's going to come back to haunt you '' . 
  ( funnily enough , george papandreou is the george papandreou who later happened to be prime minister when the 2010 greek sovereign debt crisis started - so ymmv on whether the cia officer was right , but still greece is a bit resentful that you let a fascist totalitarian military junta take over the country in the name of stamping out socialism ), 
  you would hope not , otherwise anyone could hijack the plane ... 
   speaking last year , mr putin had said only that he took his final decision about crimea after secret , undated opinion polls showed 80 % of crimeans favoured joining russia . 
  who provided the secret , undated opinion poll ? 
  i mean , assuming this is an accurate account of what happened , then this would suggest that someone was puppeteering putin to get a favourable outcome . 
  it 's a bad poker play . 
  he 's already presenting the possibility of defeat before the cards have even been dealt ... 
  if greece is to have any chance at all at working out a deal with europe , it needs to present itself as willing to work with its partners to negotiate a deal . 
  if they start talking as if ready to accept that the deal will fall through , that 's not exactly demonstrating their willingness to work , and increases the chances of the other eurozone countries saying `` well if you 're planning to do that , then go fuck yourself '' . 
  of course , the deal may fall through , but alexis knows his country is n't in the best negotiating position to get what his party wants , and needs to be able to butter up greece 's creditors if he has any hope of succeeding . 
  this statement was never going to go down well with europe , and varoufakis was a moron to even hint at it . 
  from google translate , what i have grasped is this : the greek defence minister and leader of the independent greeks party ( the barely mentioned right-wing coalition partner in the new government ) , made a statement during a party meeting that was a threat . 
  the independent greeks are a populist right-wing party , who are against multiculturalism and immigration , `` announced in december 2012 that it would start working to create a patriotic democratic front , whose aim is to save ` greece from the neo-liberal avalanche . 
  ' '' , calls for german war reparations ( for the invasion and occupation of greece in the second world war ) , and has a number of xenophobic and homophobic policies . 
  in other words , this guy talking shit does not surprise me . 
  the article then attempts to try and claim this is a stance held by the entire government . 
  from what i can tell , this misconstrues what was said - what other people in government have said is that if greece collapses economically , then it simply wo n't be able to stop the flow of immigrants . 
  not a threat , but more a warning that their ability to control immigrants requires them to be a stable country . 
  the mods of the subreddit ca n't shadowban anyone , only the admins of the site can do that . 
  to greece 's credit , the uk was forced out of the european exchange rate mechanism - and i would n't exactly call the uk an unstable country ... 
  the real problem is that a currency union that is not backed by a fiscal union just simply does n't work on a long term basis - especially when countries have vast differences in gdp . 
  ( this for the record was the stance the uk took when it refused to join the euro , and is a stance it still maintains citing greece as the key reason why it would n't have worked for us ), 
  i thought it was pasok . 
  does n't really matter though , it is generally believed both parties basically defrauded the country 's economy through mutual agreement , with the greek crisis actually brewing even before their euro entry . 
  that 's kinda why , even with the fuck up in the negotiations , syriza is the most popular greek party . 
  they may have been woefully naive , but at least they were n't engaging in institutional corruption and fraud . 
  * sigh * let us dust the spitfires off . . 
  right , that 's it , i 'm officially done with following politics , wake me up when things become sane again . . 
  on the bright side , yay we 're no longer the stupidest country again . . 
  and not even that , i believe fox news were massively pro-trump . 
  the people followed murdoch tooth and nail on this one . 
  does he not know that orthodox can not declare great holy wars ? 
  have you considered the possibility that the women in that article wanted to wear that dress ? 
  maybe they wear it because they think it looks good on them ? 
  or are you also suggesting that women should be forced not to wear skirts as they used to be symbols of female oppression as well . 
  the important thing is that women ( and anyone for that matter ) should be free to choose to wear whatever the fuck they want even if it used elsewhere as a symbol of oppression . 
  no-one should be telling them what they should or should n't be wearing . 
  yes the burqa has been used to oppress women , but women have the right to choose how they dress and telling them they ca n't wear a burqa even if they want to is just as oppressive . 
  are you missing the part where the woman in the article and the muslims we 're talking about have lived in france their entire life ? 
  maybe their ancestors move here back when the french did n't just go around assuming every muslim is an evil person who should be purged ... 
  because maybe you had some faith that the citizens of that country were n't so hysterically stupid enough to automatically assume you want to kill them ? 
  ( also in the vast majority of cases like this we are seeing , we are n't looking at muslims who have just migrated to the country but people who have lived in that country their entire life before there were problems but now have to do with being treated as an enemy ), 
  you can never fully separate a person from their cultural values , regardless of how integrated they are . 
  if you try to purge their values completely , you are attempting to purge a part of their identity . 
  i did n't personally vote out , and whilst i think about it , surely the fact the nazis resorted to `` the final solution '' suggests that all the previous actions you suggested do n't work at achieving the goal of `` purge people from a country because they hold a different set of values to me '' . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , you are an enemy of liberalism , an enemy of democracy and enemy of human rights . 
  quite frankly , you would be a perfect fit in isis . 
  more `` do n't give isis exactly what they want '' . 
  you can continue to believe actively oppressing moderates muslims will somehow not alienate the remaining moderates all you want . 
  just be aware you are actually aiding and abetting isis in doing so . 
  and it 's not just the dress code , it 's about the reasoning behind the dress code - which is an active desire to purge muslims . 
  the people in the article were n't radicals and were just getting on with their daily lives , but now they have been told `` no you are n't allowed to live your life this way '' and effectively told that they , as muslims , are n't welcome here . 
  they may become more politically involved , and potentially radicalized . 
  nice has turned a day at the beach into a political battle not seen since `` whites only '' pools in america in the 50s . 
  edit : i guess europe is gon na have to let another holocaust happen before the people realise that this continued attack on muslims is only escalating an already tense situation . 
  those who do not learn history are doomed to repeat it and this situation with muslims is exactly like the situation with jews in the 30s . 
  wait ... 
  so you 're actively agreeing and accepting the nazi strategy . 
  okay i gave you the benefit but turns out you actually are an enemy of everything liberal democracy stands for . 
  get the fuck out of my continent . 
  it 's a local bylaw rather than a national law though ... part of the issue , even though she was french , was that she did n't realise nice had such a ridiculous law . . and why should she , this law is fucking divisive bullocks . . 
  `` let 's defend the principles of free speech and liberal democracy by literally dictating what people can wear '', 
  integration is a two way street . 
  why integrate with a culture that actively hates your existence ? 
  ( oh also integration is not the same as having to wear the exact same clothes . 
  someone can still wear their home cultural dress and be fully integrated ( see the british sikh population and any british muslim in a place with local government run community events to bring people together ) good community relations = greater chance someone will want to integrate . 
  i do n't want to godwin 's law this but you realise you have literally just quoted the nazi 's official plans with regard to jews right ?
