  in great detail ? 
  i have n't read mein kampf ( so please correct me if i 'm wrong ) , but i believe he never said that he literally wanted to kill all the jews and slavs , but rather said things that were ambiguous ; things that could easily be interpreted in a non-genocidal way . 
  no , i did n't say any of that . 
  i 'm not making any assumptions regarding trump 's intentions or whether he 's a fascist . 
  but you 'd be a fool not to see the striking similarities between the rise to power of the nazis and that of the anti-immigrant populist far-right this past decade or so . 
  so i 'm obviously not saying that trump will definitely be the new hitler ; i doubt he will ; but i 'm not ruling it out . 
  i am saying that we should be concerned and on the alert . 
  tell me , what evidence was there , before he was appointed chancellor , that adolf hitler was going to start an expansionist regime with death camps , mass killings , book burnings , etc. 
  no , mexico is the poland of north america, 
  also kosovo , north ossetia , abkhazia , northern cyprus , mountainous karabakh , and palestine . 
  albania , the land of socially-conservative communists . 
  in all seriousness , what 's with the slightly different shade of red on one island in greece ? 
  it 's not that simple though !, 
  we must n't imagine all of soviet history as a single system/ideology . 
  the `` new soviet man/woman '' stuff and deportations to siberia occurred under stalin , who did n't have a big problem with religion ( he mended relations between the soviet state and the orthodox church , etc. ) . 
  the anti-religious discrimination was mostly pre-stalin , as were the radical socially liberal policies . 
  it was part of the warsaw pact until 1968 . 
  except albania !, 
  bus trips ? 
  via denmark , w germany , and e germany ? 
  a moral responsibility . 
   ever since the magna carta most kings and queens have had no power at all it 's incorrect to say they had * no * power . 
  after the magna carta they had * limited * power , but the monarchy has exerted considerable power in the government as recently as william iv , and even victoria to a lesser extent . 
  hahaha , well i guess you 're not as french as the quebecois . 
  interesting that they do n't transliterate the `` kfc '' . 
  [ in quebec they use the french abbreviation . 
  no \u0442\u043e\u0432\u0430\u0440\u0438\u0449 , we shall abolish all military ranks !, 
  i was praising literally * one aspect * of the soviet union . 
  i fully recognize he horrors of the soviet-style systems . 
  that quote is from 1985 , the year he became general secretary of the cpsu . 
  in his memoirs and interviews , gorbachev always talks about how his view on how to reform the country changed as time went on . 
  later on he agreed that a mixed economy was necessary . 
   russians still enjoy 4 weeks of vacation i recall hearing about soviet citizens having paid excursions to things like mountain-climbing . 
  there used to be a vibrant soviet alpinist community , as nearly anyone could participate in it , but it has basically disappeared now because only relatively wealthy people can afford to go on such excursions . 
  this is more what i had in mind when i said that . 
   housing is still guaranteed if you do n't have your own . 
  fair enough , til . 
   there 're state centers of employment that will seek you a job if you ask them . 
  but still 13 % of the country is below the poverty line . 
  i realize it has gotten better since the 90s , for which i 'm glad , but russia still seems to lack the economic safety net that was present in the ussr . 
  yeah , it was shitty welfare , but it 's better to have a shitty flat and shitty job than no home and no job , which is the case for many russians now . 
  the soviet union was a poor country that spent too much on its military and not enough on consumer goods . 
  it had an inefficient command economy . 
  but my point is that * given these circumstances * it nevertheless had a pretty extensive welfare system , which above all gave people an economic safety net . 
  the situation in russia got worse in the 90s not because they `` lost their colonies '' ; the russian sfsr was a net contributor , not net beneficiary , to the ussr budget . 
  it got worse because of shock therapy . 
  the best possibility for russia would have been a gradual shift to a mixed economy , but instead they went almost overnight to a full-on market economy , with disastrous consequences . 
  there are numerous books written on this subject . 
   it was n't exactly rainbows and sunshine for the people of it absolutely correct , and i never meant to suggest that it was . 
   a command economy was ridiculously inefficient again , i 'm totally with you . 
  i was n't commenting on the overall soviet economic system , just the welfare . 
   many people - working people - often spent years to decades living on the street waiting to receive a home that they literally would never be able to buy . 
  i have not heard of this , do you by chance have a reference ? 
  i was under the impression that cheap apartments ( khrushchevki ) were built to house this growing population . 
   the notion of the state ever having demolished class lines was absurd ; the ussr 's system * guaranteed * the perpetuation of class lines , except then with even greater disparity in wealth than before . 
  there was definitely still class inequality , as i mentioned in my earlier comment . 
  however , there * is * evidence that this inequality was significantly smaller in the ussr . 
  see , for instance , the ussr 's gini index , which was .29 in 1980 [ according to this report on soviet inequality ] ( http://www.roiw.org/1993/23.pdf ) , compared with .40 in modern-day russia . 
   the fact that things still remain very poor under the current regime should n't serve as an indicator that the previous government was somehow better . 
  they not only remain poor ; they got worse . 
  the russian gdp decreased 40 % between 1991 and 1998 . 
  inequality dramatically increased as a handfull of elites ( `` oligarchs '' ) were given ownership of most of the formerly-state-owned industries , and much of the newly privatized industries ( factories , etc. ), 
  were bought at pennies-to-the-dollar prices by american and european corporations who did little to further invest in russian industry because these were cheap , safe investments . 
  inevitably many of these factories closed down , dramatically increasing the unemployment and poverty rates . 
  the population went down , people in cities began migrating to rural areas ...  i noticed you mentioned elsewhere in the thread that stalin was the exception to a supposed rule of nonviolent , non-oppressive leaders in the soviet union no , i never said that . 
  i only said that stalin was far more violent and oppressive than any of the others , which i think most people would agree with . 
   * strange days indeed : the golden age of paranoia * thanks , i 'll check that out . 
   every able-bodied adult was guaranteed employment , everyone was guaranteed housing , healthcare was universal , vacations from work were lengthy , etc. 
  none of these are true any more in russia , with the arguable exception of healthcare . 
  i know , but it decreased immensely and the persecution became targeted against people actually criticizing the state rather than random apolitical citizens . 
  what are you referring to with `` terrorizing the populace '' ? 
  ( i mean post-stalin . 
  obviously there was mass terror and violence under stalin . ), 
  well , a democratic welfare state is precisely what mikhail gorbachev wanted to create , but nobody in the west likes gorby because he still called himself a communist and wanted to preserve the soviet union and its symbols . 
  there was certainly an unjust advantage for the nomenklatura , but you ca n't deny that the ussr had a system of welfare very good considering its economic circumstances . 
  every able-bodied adult was guaranteed employment , everyone was guaranteed housing , healthcare was universal , vacations from work were lengthy , etc. 
  then boris yeltsin 's `` shock therapy '' program destroyed all remnants of the soviet welfare system ( to the fanfare of the west ) , leaving working-class russians so poor and desperate that they turn to the authoritarian populist united russia party , offering promises of stability and economic security . 
  i mean me too thanks . 
  definitely . 
  but i think the blame lies on yanukovych and his government , not putin in this case . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_presidential_election,_2010 there are some accusations ( not substantiated by the international election monitors ) that the local authorities of some regions committed electoral fraud , but no accusations i can find that russia interfered . 
  just because it was pro-russian does n't mean the blame lies on russia . 
  if someone who was `` pro- / u/nichtmalte '' committed a crime , i would n't necessarily be responsible for it . 
  yanukovich was elected with the support of many russian-ukrainians , but he was n't somehow installed by the russian government . 
  ( i 'm assuming by `` russians '' you mean the russian federation , not ethnic russians in ukraine . 
  also ps cool username . ), 
  there is absolutely voter fraud in russia , but from my understanding it is mostly organized by the local authorities in a few republics like chechnya and tatarstan , not systematically throughout the country . 
  it 's extremely likely that vladimir putin would be elected president even without this fraud . 
  unfortunately for you and me , he is genuinely a very popular politician among russians . 
  both your comment and the previous one are true . 
  yes , most ethnic russians , ukrainians , and gagauz in moldova prefer independence , but so do roughly half of the ethnic romanians/moldovans . 
  the biggest political issue in moldova is the conflict between those who identify as ethnically moldovan and those who identify as romanian . 
  yes , moldova and romania speak the same language and have similar cultures , but for most of the modern era moldova has been separate , and thus many have embraced a distinctly moldovan rather than romanian national identity . 
  ... and lots of moldovans do n't want to be part of romania . 
  have her abdicate too, 
  ... which is not based on the dutch flag, 
  not britain or america though, 
  i suppose so . 
  all russian names have one or more of these affectionate diminutive forms . 
  or volodya
