wait , sorry if stupid question . 
  but could you technically wach to tvs at the same time ? 
  how did you get into the field ? 
  dude can i go live with you ? 
  the whole thing was s\u00f3oo ... chill [ 7 ], 
  make it an app too , and you got 15 bucks from me, 
  wait shit im supposed to go somewhere ? 
  [ 8 ] thanks autoconnect !, 
  which one ? 
  need a picture of the pots for science , also any training ? 
  nice ( 8 ) :-), 
  shiiieet you made me break my first bong . 
  salute you served me well !, 
  well its weird my mother ( w ) has many and my father ( b ) has deadly allergy to bees stings . 
  but i have no allergies to speak of . 
  at least a [ 9 ], 
  its not legal to sell it in any form from what i know . 
  but its not difficult to find in cities like barcelona and madrid , just search for a cannabis clubs , pay a `` member fee '' and smoke your share . 
  although it might be difficult to find high cbd strains if that 's what you need . 
  i just grow my own , 
  i live in the south . 
  when are you coming ? 
  search for ronda ( town and see if you like it !, 
  well i dont know about spain ... . 
  there is a manga about it ... . 
  i dont recommend looking for it ... 
  there is a smaller/older bridge river up `` puente viejo '', 
  no need every year some tourist falls to its death ... 
  the last one was one with a selfie stick trying to take a cool picture . 
  seriously do n't stand on the wall !, 
  yup just walked across . 
  they are lights . 
  also orson wells is buried in ronda . 
  you do n't want to know what its made from then hahaha . 
  lest just say its `` melting '' idk how to explain it . 
  south spain, 
  heyo bored spanish dude here . 
  from the news here it seem that this coins are not common at all . 
  it seems they where made and instantly buried , they were never in circulation . 
  also some of the pot were buried with `` caps '' on , so they say some of the coins are in perfect condition . 
  they might be pricy !, 
  yeah but is it you ? 
  or a copy of your brain ? 
  in 0-1s ? 
  and when would be done ? 
  as in before death or you just upload your actual self every now and then . 
  i just do n't see the way of extracting all that information from a living human and not consider it ... just a copy . 
  and if done at death . 
  you still cease to exist for a moment ? 
  please show me a way to transfer your `` self '' !, 
  why have i never heard of this game ?!?!, 
  thanks !, 
  i have had that before once when i was sleeping ... 
  i woke up and could n't move at all , not even open my eyelids . 
  shit was scary not gon na lie ... 
  whats your setup ? 
  and that pot ? 
  sorry to bother but , what are you guys talking about exactly ? 
  why did you have to misspell your last words . 
  run ride guys ... 
  chill guys i will just test it out brb, 
  me : how may i help you, 
  face : i thought we were close to the beach . 
  i would like to check out now . 
  also could you reimburse the other 2 nights . 
  me : i 'm sorry , sir what ? 
  beach ... ? 
  we are between mountains . 
  face : yeah i see that now . . sooo ? 
  me : i 'm sorry sir but you booked with the cheapest rate possible which does n't include refunds, 
  face : i thought i would n't need that ... 
  i 'm sure there is way you can just reimburse ( i hate this word ) me so i can be on my way, 
  me : i 'm sorry sir but there is nothing i can do . 
  face : so no reimbursement . 
  me : ca n't do anything sorry . 
  face : sorry my * ss , f ** k you and this f *** ing hostel you ********** ( racist slur ) . 
  me : ( smiling pinching my leg so i do n't flip out in front of the line of checkings that just arrived in the last bus ... 
  i need a break from people from this country . . ( not the us ) just send me more koreans !, 
  clean up ? 
  what clean up ? 
  there is a ton of radioactive material still on the hills ... 
  if you are baking just use a pinch of cannabutter and the rest normal ? 
  idk . 
  i think that should work . 
  maybe ? 
  just test it, 
  best wishes for you and your baby !, 
  omg i want to move there ... i so love silence t_t its the opposite here ( spain ), 
  soooo how is cannabis viewed there ? 
  uk --  spain ? 
  did n't it kill just kill the sperm as it went through the vas deferans ? 
  like some kind of micro abrasion ? 
  because you are my support !, 
  and using flash to avoid getting hit by ashe 's ult knowing i was about to to out ... 
  but noooo . 
  he just had to be funny and say some shit like : haha you suck noon ... 
  my hate runs deep ... . . / jk, 
  i work next to one in a hostel just imagine, 
  i had the same chip but different gpu !, 
  for me it was the 8500 gt .
