not sure why you would want to come here . 
  holy shit the downvotes are raining they are raining !!!, 
  ( 56 % upvoted ), 
  did she have the flag the wrong way round or something op ? 
  cheeky kents, 
  holy fuck u got me . 
  nice detective work lol, 
  no but i have to finish university, 
  i want to leave but that is no easy task . 
  hopefully our economy tanks post brexit and we cant fund any sports, 
  it is n't fun i wish i was from another country, 
  i downvoted it because we suck and deserve to lose , my whole family friends cheer agianst us in any sport nowadays, 
  laughing at belgian democracy is the quite the pastime here in the uk, 
  whats does sakrvo mean eesti cuteington ? 
  unfortunately we are a country of idiots here in england, 
  why is greece anti us ? 
  its how we deal with the emotional trauma m8 , it is our coping mechanism, 
  at least he assimilated to norweigan culture killing brits , just 1200 years too late . 
  which one of you dutch redditors was this guy ? 
   so based on this - you obviously were surprised and shocked that all other men in this video were acting and comenting perfectly normal , except that one guy , but you failed to share that . 
  they just sat their quietly , they do n't express their viewpoints so i do n't know what they believe . 
   also even that one guy did not say anything that much shocking that you did not hear in similar form from at least some of your friends i agree that guy never said anything bad about women at all , that was n't what i was getting at in my first comment . 
  i never in my first comment expressed that the guy had disrespected women , i just challanged the notion that norweigans should meet them in the middle culturally . 
  the burden of assimilation should be on the newcomers , not the natives . 
  we talk about the bad ones because they are the ones that are going to be doing the crazy stuff . 
  why would i make a comment on normal people doing normal things ? 
  do you expect to open a newspaper and see ` mr ludwig goes to work and buys his kids a birthday present ' ? 
  of course not !, 
  i never made out that all of them where bad people , just pointed out that that one guy is an idiot . 
  im sure there are norweigans with those views , but clearly not enough norweigans have those kind of reggressive views for the oppression of women to manifest itself on a political and societal level , they kind of have to keeep those views to themselves . 
  in mena nations however , a high enough % of people beleive those views that they are engrained in the culture and political system . 
  02:11 guy is pissed that he is n't allowed to look at girls in miniskirts because people look at hijabis . 
  insists that norweigans need to learn about immigrants and adapt to them as well . 
  the entitlement , the burden should not be on natives , you are being housed there for free , you adapt . 
  in lots of the west of wales , which is less populous than the east , they speak welsh as their everyday language . 
  21 % of wales can speak it which is nearly 1/3 of welsh people as wales has a lot of non welsh people living there and there are plenty of areas where 80-100 % people speak it . 
  at my uni in west england most the welsh students can speak it fluently https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7e/welsh_speakers_in_the_2011_census.png/525px-welsh_speakers_in_the_2011_census.png that corner in the south west is supposedly where some anglo saxons or vikings or normans settled hence the lack of welsh there . 
  genetic studies have shown they are slightly different in this area though from where the migration came is up for dispute . 
  welsh is still going strong . 
  gaelic is n't even your indegenous language though is that correct ? 
  gives me asthma because she takes my breath away in all seriousness i think you meant ` athletic ' dont edit it now because that would ruin my joke . 
  notice us isis !, 
  military intervention has always failed , but i do n't see why we cant fund refugee camps there rather than here . 
  i do n't think he was referring to western immigrants though . 
  it would create stablity in europes neighbours which has trade benifits and stops waves of migration . 
  also does n't affect social cohesion in our nations . 
  we can fund camps outside europe for a fraction of the price and fund programs that rebuild infrastructure in mena countries . 
  pointlessly hatefull for a head of state . 
  but there really is no economic or cultural benifit to taking in asylum seekers . 
  the uk hosted the 2012 olympics so i do n't know about that . 
  it was in london in 2012 ? 
  i am sure the uk wanted 2 in a row . 
  they probably eat too much tuna which contains mercury which makes you go a bit crazy . 
  did you also know after there is less lead in the atmosphere violent crime dropped . 
   they 're not psychopaths , they 're just hurt , broken people who want to take out their misery on others . 
  not sure about that one mate , they are literally destroying the lives of those peoples families . 
  most other countries in northern europe score higher on most social metrics and gdp per capita i would imagine . 
  its not just terror attacks though , gang violence from ` youths ' is pretty common in germany , france , uk but not so much in israel, 
  you dont need us , we are selfish bastards that scorn at the eu and think we are the best country in the world . 
  wow, 
  mostly cypriots , plenty of mainlanders as well though . 
  only something like 14 % of uk turks voted for ergodan . 
  i am a british student and once i accidentally bought my flatmates non alcoholic beer because i did n't know the difference back then , some of the beer we had in the fridge was alcoholic but most of it not , so most of them where clearly not that drunk , they still acted as drunk and stupid as ever pissing everywhere and what not . 
  polar bears are listed as ` vunerable ' which is not really that worrying , polar bears will be fine . 
  brexiters ? 
  turks , pakistanis , bangladeshis are not the same as arabs and north africans . 
  i think because for someone like me who is 20 i have only really been paying much attention the last 5 years or so and 2010-15 have been relitively stable, 
  we will be fine out the eu but definitely worse off . 
  while inner london was some of the highest remains . 
  who cares ? 
  http://ukandeu.ac.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/graph-3.jpg minorites had pretty lowturnout though http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-eu-referendum-36384912, 
  most black and muslim people voted remain, 
  i hope trump gets elected , do n't let us be alone in this mess . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  the cypriots in south london are probably a bit more ` british ' than the mainlanders in north of the thames . 
  they probably are not knowledgeable enough about turkey to do so , but i imagine most people are aware that it is a muslim country with a quasi-dictator islamist that was democratically voted into power , that is enough to be aprehensive about large scale immigration from such a state . 
  however i imagine that the brexit propaganda definately added fuel to the fire that is turkiphobia . 
  its not racist to oppose immigration from a country with a vastly different culture and social opinions . 
  ill take the liberal izmir turks but , eastern ergodan loving kurd haters ? 
  no thanks . 
  you guys manage to fuck up your own country without the help of africans and muslims , and im 1/2 greek . 
  in the uk they have 80 % unemployment rate lol edit : closer to 75 % at the moment, 
  bizzare seeing as turks are well recieved and well integrated into the uk . 
  i think there is fear after all the brexit turkey propaganda . 
  there are a lot of you here already , this poll is about reducing numbers or keeping them the same seeing as lot of indians/polish are here people are less likely to want that number increased . 
  anglosphere immigration is low so people dont mind increases in that . 
  a better poll might be do you want 100,000 people from [ list of nationalities ], 
  not really , melting pot = many cultures form one from taking from each other and giving to each other multiculturalism = many cultures side by side . 
  you can oppose both for nativism , only culture is the native culture . 
  the relitively low standard of living in estonia and poverty when compared to finland , i imagine would disqualify it as for now so you have the russians to thank for that . 
  also you are not really nordic untill the other guys recognise you as such because there is n't really a fixed definition of what constitutes a ` nordic ' country . 
  in what way are you a nordic country just curious ? 
  many a thing my friend many a can not into nordic, 
  because britain is a stupid nation, 
  we are retarded, 
  im still in guernsey tho, 
  there has been no sense of rivalry with france this olympics , and this article is reporting on your medias claims . 
  we lost to iceland though, 
  also because i can just move back to england in only a few hours,
