  the most times that it bugs me is when someone 's at like a smaller store with an automatic two width door , they just walk in the middle when i have a cart so i have to pick a side . 
  they do n't even seem to recognize me . 
  related joke about potatoes . 
  what the fuck is a friv ? 
  every father i know is in love with the civilization series . 
  is this a thing or am i just crazy ? 
  are you me from the future ? 
  because i am thinking of getting this same combo . 
  hoping for a good deal on black friday . 
  although it is possible to overstock to 35 , tops . 
  `` how old is your baby ? '', 
  `` 120 months . '', 
  hey , you are a dad , i 've heard of a game you might like . 
  -100,000,000 thanks op !, 
  would giving a snake a bj just be sucking the snakes body ? 
  ftfy, 
  is it still holy water when it is water from a hose in a broken plastic barrel ? 
  i did n't know daniel radcliffe was a long haired computer geek in the 1960 's . 
  does n't even have the msi-corsair hybrid gpu . 
  original doom on one of those tiny wind up music boxes with those little dots on a cylinder that play music . 
  i mean other than the irreparable damage to it it runs perfectly . 
  you must really enjoy doing cloud stuff . 
  i tried playing cod bo1 on my friends ps3 a couple months back . 
  i do n't know how i ever thought that it ran well . 
  i do n't think so , i remember it being eye-killing . 
  hmm ... 
  i do wonder what it is like . 
  protein powder : 0/10 do n't try to drink powder, 
  protein powder with water : 7/10 tastes okay , a little too bland, 
  protein powder with milk : 10/10 amazing, 
  thank you for your suggestion . 
  only 40 years ? 
  that does n't seem long enough for such a heinous crime . 
  i am bread thanks op !, 
  i guess so . 
  someone is in the holiday spirit . 
  or there was a reddit gold black friday sale . 
  ftfy, 
  they will call her , the sticky bandit !, 
  looks like that puppy is about to bone that coke . 
  you just have to practice . 
  everytime i biked around town i just did short times of my hands off the handles . 
  eventually you will be able to do longer and longer times . 
  i mean they do n't call it `` mother nature '' for nothing , ya know . 
  where is that bear 's oscar for his outstanding performance in the revenant ? 
  cut out the middle man and just shit in your chair . 
  it keeps you warm and you will be glued to your chair . 
  we have a bag of extraterrestrials, 
  that 's what i like to hear !, 
  i got the airflow edition , the temps are glorious . 
  csgo , league , rocket league , witcher iii , war thunder , insurgency . 
  i can only imagine a finger getting stuck in there and being cut like a hot knife through butter . 
  that a birthday suit is being naked . 
  one of my most popular comments is about it , actually . 
  so i just need to leave my dick around the hole ? 
  interesting ... 
  thanks !, 
  oooooohhhhhh ... 
  nice ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  127 thanks op !, 
  i would like planet coaster !, 
  down here, 
  ftfy, 
  you got ta get the sugar-free ones though . 
  127 borderlands 2 goty thanks op !, 
  nice !, 
  how are those sennheisers treating you ? 
  i 'm thinking of getting them , or the ath ad700x . 
  hey its me ur asus strix gpu . 
  nice !, 
  all bills are fine , accept for 50 and 100 dollar bills . 
  * cries internally *, 
  did they at least give you a cent off the price ? 
  or being the least ugly person . 
  127 thanks op !, 
  27 thanks op !, 
  it has 400 more graphics , so yes , it is better . 
  tropico 5 please op !, 
  thanks !, 
  my dad worked with an arabian billionaire . 
  everytime there was a meeting , around 50 people mind you , he would give everybody a fuck ton of dates . 
  my dad was in saudia arabia for a week , maybe , and he came home with multiple bags of dates . 
  do colleges see what kind of stuff you get into at high school ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  cool !, 
  i 'm going there this winter !, 
  good to know !, 
  thanks !, 
  true !, 
  thanks !, 
  okay !, 
  nice !, 
  okay !, 
  good to know !, 
  are you now pursuing your career as a doctor ? 
  nice !, 
  just do n't pick it up when it runs into the street . 
  i love surface-to-air-missle 's club . 
  they have all of the things i need : bananas , toilet paper , and of course thaad . 
  interesting , what schools did you apply to ?
