  as god as my witness he is broken in half, 
  we become ball ninjas, 
  i 'm in summer break with a part time job and i have all three . 
  am i living wrong ? 
  i am currently working at cinnabon right now and i can confirm that this is indeed what we make our rolls out of . 
  i am currently working at cinnabon right now and i can confirm that this is indeed what we make our rolls out of . 
  i am currently working at cinnabon right now and i can confirm that this is indeed what we make our rolls out of . 
  hey its the dad from cwacom, 
  i 'm gaaayy, 
  toilet, 
  street, 
  they are good machines yoda, 
  yeah , but i know a guy who had an s6 and threw it against a cinder block wall multiple times a day during school to see if it would break . 
  it lasted a whole semester . 
  that vespa could be running on his liquified family and friends , even his long lost high-school girlfriend . 
  not just the men of macy 's , the women ( and children ) too ? 
  saving this for when my grandma comes over, 
  please do n't . 
  from my point of view the new top gear is evil, 
  i feel like in 1865 there would be traffic jams of people in cities . 
  game time started, 
  i like your beard, 
  zero, 
  once james webb gets out there , imagine everything we will see . 
  do n't ever say that again, 
  * knocks on wood *, 
  it would be cool to have two carriers with ramps facing each other , and have a new evil knievel jump them, 
  and they also steal organs from prisoners and the homeless, 
  wow , you 're so right . 
  see : `` you look a lot like my mother '', 
  i work at cinnabon and we had advertising for bcs . 
  we even had a cardboard cutout of him . 
  i volunteer to take a rocket to fix it, 
  i hope it will be durable , because curved glass and a squeezable frame spells disaster . 
  i have seen used unlocked nexus 6p around me for sale recently . 
  should i get the s8 + or wait a for the pixel xl 2 ? 
  i like samsung pay and connect , but i dislike the bloat and updates on my note 5 . 
  any thoughts ? 
  my note 5 is on june, 
  yeah , they could also turn it into a dual charging port , or just a high bitrate low power port . 
  never go full ios, 
  neck muscles, 
  try snapping my neck , try it, 
  what is this , a tsunami for ants ? 
  try carrot sandwiches for a week, 
  yes, 
  i am saving this thread for my presidential run . 
  this will be my entire platform . 
  this is exactly what i expected this to look like . 
  not the rule 34 i was expecting, 
  every highlighter is a high-lighter if you are brave enough, 
  i lost most of my sense of heat in my fingers back in 6th grade . 
  we we 're in a hot glue gun unit and i was bad at it . 
  now i burn myself on every occasion . 
  im too late to get any , but thanks on behalf of everybody !, 
  nope , the background is solid white , not ` jazz ' . 
  zero stars, 
   health nut, 
  i am just on a train back from philmont scout ranch after hiking for a week . 
  have you ever been ? 
  how does your body change both physically and mentally after that long of a trek ? 
  i am just on a train back from philmont scout ranch after hiking for a week . 
  have you ever been ? 
  how does your body change both physically and mentally after that long of a trek ? 
  only 10 minutes old and already gold . 
  edit : thank you for popping my gold cherry kind stranger, 
  what why, 
  but thank you it 's my first time, 
  how about right ... 
  now, 
  all i want is the zebra-ish print during ww1 . 
  is n't that brand ll bean though ? 
  maybe it 's intentional, 
  i still get a shitton of canadian pennies where i work in illinois . 
  fuck it , they are basically the same , i take them . 
  there is a really short clip of a new one in a relatively recent video . 
  forget which one . 
  what ? 
  my sister does that . 
  me : `` oh i remember when that happened '', 
  sister : `` wtf no you do n't remember that '', 
  we should just give cows placebo antibiotics and tell them they will gain weight . 
  we should just give cows placebo antibiotics and tell them they will gain weight . 
  what phone ? 
  cessna : slow, 
  we were engaged for a couple of years . 
  my boss always made fun of me because of it . 
  my fiance said that we were waiting because we had to save up . 
  after all , i 'm just a receptionist and he 's a warehouse worker . 
  eventually i fell for a guy working in my same office . 
  his name is jim . 
  now we are happily married with kids . 
  absolutely , with no exceptions, 
  on the samsung website you can trade in a phone for an extra 150 off , for a total of 300 off unlocked . 
  if you qualify for a student discount , you can get 40-50 $ off , depending on s8 or s8 + . 
  the most horrifying part is that this is in iowa, 
  when will the next solar eclipse cross the us ? 
  i want a sink and i know a great place to get one, 
  this looks like unturned . 
  i love it,
