  it 's not the lizards running this country , it 's the beavers , with their buckteeth and stuff . 
  of course , these are simple courting actions . 
  nothing to be afraid of . 
   dry run, 
  i like it, 
  absolutey , you have to maintain a perimeter around her house 24/7 to look for creepy stalkers . 
  thanks !, 
  yep , thought of it during study hall . 
  i 'm not sure if employee is the best word for it , though . 
  and she wo n't even thank us , she just says `` i 've called the police what the fuck are you doing '', 
  thanks op !, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  i 'm sorry for your loss, 
  also convince the wife to get a steam controller if you do n't already have one . 
  i love mine for rocket league . 
  i have taken note , will run in 2036 on this platform . 
  japan has been lit for centuries . 
  the medical bills were probably more than 7000 dollars . 
  someone make two bots . 
  19 years 355 days ago, 
  just wait until you need your verification cans . 
  if they reclaim their citizenship , do they renounce their us citizenship , or can they find a way to have both ? 
  these hoes also get way too many spraytans . 
  say it all together now !, 
  yep , i 'm a combo that includes german and polish . 
  middle school was fun . 
  smh the double standards we live in today . 
  nah man , keep a positive outlook . 
  ironique, 
  yeah but was he roasted on twitter, 
  the containment has n't worked ... 
  yep , sorry you were down voted . 
  a lot of people do n't want people talking about how mens ' issues . 
  r/mensrights for anyone interested, 
  ironisk, 
  holy shit that is what this picture reminded me of . 
  yep . 
  ironic, 
  impeach, 
  ! remindme 1 day, 
  ... ^ holy shit he 's right, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  what about a power surge ? 
  yes, 
  yeah its like rocket science, 
  not sure , tastes pretty interesting though . 
  honestly he probably did a ton of research over on r/prequelmemes so i mean ... 
  i do n't know , you should google it . 
  yep, 
  , , , , , , , , i , , , , , , , , , , , , , , h , , , , , , , , , , a , , , , , , , , , , t , , , , , , e , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , e , , , , , , , , , , x , , , , , , , , , t , , , , , , r , , , , , , , , , , a , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , c , , , , , , , , , , , , o , , , , , , , , , m , , , , , , , , , , m , , , , , , , , , a , , , , , , , , , s , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,, 
  ( ca n't get no ) satisfaction, 
  dancing with myself, 
  do n't you ( forget about me ), 
  under pressure, 
  all star, 
  i 'm not a sheep , i 'm a temporarily-embarassed wolf, 
  it 's just for attention , he does n't really mean that . 
  i did n't want my face to ripped off , just the sheep that walk too slow, 
  those sheep on the other side of the river are crazy , they are n't sending their best . 
  they are sending the ones with the broken legs . 
  and you know what , we then have to take care of them !, 
  they do n't work , but they are also eating all of the grass at the same time !, 
  it 's time to build a fence , and hire a rancher to patrol it !, 
  who are you and how did you break into my pantry, 
  yay !, 
  my leg, 
  this is n't even my final form, 
  ironic, 
  yep, 
  is the pixar theory real ? 
  ironic, 
  i do n't like gunpowder . 
  it 's coarse , rough , and gets everywhere . 
  ironic, 
  his hands ? 
  historically , when the roman catholic church is more pro science than another group of people , there is an issue . 
  during the scientific revolution , they made catholic scientists recant their statements because their beliefs did n't align with the church . 
  galileo was forced his statements in heliocentric theory because he was catholic . 
  not really . 
  they even kept a list of banned books until the 60s . 
  yep . 
  quite interesting , during the certain time period in which the certain homo sapiens being , in this case donald john trump , the 45th president of the united states of america , uses said human 's brain to send electrochemical signals to said human 's larynx in order to produce vibrations in the air , which is percepted by the human ears to resemble sound , my muscles named :, 
  occipitofrontalis muscle, 
  temporoparietalis muscle, 
  procerus muscle, 
  nasalis muscle, 
  depressor septi nasi muscle, 
  agricola muscles ( anterior , superior and posterior ), 
  orbicularis oris muscle, 
  zygomaticus major muscle, 
  zygomaticus minor muscle, 
  levator labii superioris alaeque nasi muscle, 
  depressor labii inferioris muscle, 
  buccinator muscle, 
  mentalis, 
  happen to conform into a shape which is similar in perception from the human eye which could , possibly , be found to somewhat resemble the current speaker of the house of representatives of the united states of america , another homo sapiens which in this case is named paul davis ryan junior . 
  rice : 8/10, 
  rice with chicken and cheese : 0/10 would not recommend, 
  that must be near-impossible with those big-ass gloves on, 
  okay .
