  i have been searching for the name of that game for so long , you have no idea . 
  i played that game at my friend 's game and have been searching for it for forever now . 
  thank you, 
  he is a clear and present danger to everybodys ' lives . 
  mayonnaise may not be an instrument , but it sure as hell is a power source . 
  that i 'm in the middle of a staring contest, 
  not bisexual , a woman or have ever had a threesome but my dog keeps on barking at the grass and i do n't know what to do . 
  specifically the panda style category, 
  no , my gout starts acting up if i have anything berry-related, 
  that 's the u-boat at msi ? 
  awesome i love going there !, 
  do you enjoy being shat in ? 
  42 , obviously, 
  golden corral , just do n't ask, 
  bangkok eggplants, 
  new york timbs, 
  arm the goat with a paper clip , cause havoc in the bank . 
  cover the security cameras with some mustard . 
  take the paper clip back from the goat for personal safety . 
  waterboard the manager with mustard until he opens the vault . 
  if that does n't work , then i stab people with the paper clip until i get the cash, 
  the airport that can get you to vegas in a few hours . 
  when a currency is almost 5 times as old as your own country, 
  what is your name ? 
  everytime i visit their fine establishment, 
  what is your favorite color ? 
  what is your name ? 
  did he have really wierd hair , small hands and orange skin ? 
  if so could you send us a tape of that encounter ? 
  are you my dead ancestor ? 
  imagine just a single round hitting you , and how little left of your body there would be, 
  i would watch that show . 
  whoops , wrong sub, 
   what about padme ? 
  what about the droid attack on the wookies ? 
  in finding nemo , when they get stuck in the whales mouth , they tried to escape against those bristles ? 
  that is baleen , a mouth filter . 
  instead of teeth , it 's like they have brooms instead . 
  they round up a big herd of krill , and put it all in their mouth . 
  they then push out the sea water with their mouth , keeping the krill inside . 
  when you won a cold war but russia still talking shit behind your back . 
  no no , that was carl bernstain, 
  ^ / s ^ just ^ in ^ case, 
  i 'm happy that we can live in a time where this exists , even if some of us can not reap the benefits . 
  does your dog have an extra foot ? 
  was expecting a dick butt, 
  it 's like in the lego movie with the instructions . 
  i told you guys i should n't have had taco bell, 
  tom cruise, 
  thank christ that is n't a melt, 
  if your eye is swollen , how can you post on reddit ? 
  is someone doing it for you ? 
  this is getting out of hand !, 
  there are two of them !, 
  thanks op !, 
  also a reminder to everybody to upvote this so everybody cam have a chance to win . 
  checks out, 
  do this with tux and this should be the linux loading screen, 
  there could also be one where this is n't reposted every week . 
  get a steamboat instead . 
  change your name to willy, 
  how far away are your destinations ? 
  what is the range of the drone ? 
  how many do you have ? 
  does fixed-wing work better than a quadcopter style for payload and range ? 
  how much can it carry ? 
  how long does it take for an average delivery ? 
  do the destinations need to have the slingshots ( ballista ) in order to return the drone back to base ? 
  have you considered using trebuchets as a launching device instead ? 
  thank you for your responses !, 
  you can make another child , but you have to grind to get a sweet motorbike . 
  wow !, 
  thanks so much for the response !, 
  you can make another kid , but you got ta grind that revenue in order to get another sweet-ass motorbike . 
  these always remind about just how many islands the us has in the pacific . 
  it 'd pretty cool . 
  this reminds of the crazy soviet missiles in the command and conquer games . 
  absolutely , alienating an entire group of people is one of the worst things we can do . 
  someone photoshop a giant game of tic-tac-toe on this, 
  are you steer-ing clear of eating cow now ? 
  m e t a, 
  edit : i 'm trying to fix this thing, 
  edit : yay !, 
  all they really need is just a bag full of bagel bites , and that 's it . 
  that 's no moon, 
  gold, 
  spices . 
  anything from eastern asia would be worth more than gold in europe . 
  i got you, 
  city of tulsa https://imgur.com/gallery/hgcxh, 
  i once painted a painting in 3rd grade with two ferrets playing flutes . 
  1998 vw cabrio, 
  i like any late 90s-early 2000s vw . 
  great mileage , and i like the look . 
  highway to hell, 
  and round and round . 
  a , that 's pretty good . 
  well they do n't call it mother nature for nothin ' , ya know, 
  is he everywhere or is it just me ? 
  are you sure it 's not just a plastic model5,
