  that is because we are . 
  [ wp ] you are an alien , patrolling your home planet in your tricked out spaceship , when suddenly , voyager 1 bumps into your craft . 
  you notice a fire mixtape on it . 
  `` let 's conquer the americas , africa , australia , and asia . '', 
  [ removed ], 
  hello pcmr , i have come for some questions about arma 3 . 
  i have recently ascended ; 6600k , 16 gb ddr4 , msi gaming x 1070 , the works . 
  however , the only game that i ca n't seem to play well , at all , is arma 3 . 
  even at medium settings , i ca n't even get above 30 fps , even though my specs go well above recommend specs . 
  i 'm not sure if i am just missing something , so any help would be greatly appreciated . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : it is like this in both single player and multi-player . 
  recently , i have ascended , and now use my old hard drive with everything , windows , games , etc , on it as my storage drive , as i have an sad for utilities and windows . 
  however , the hard drive has been acting up , staying at 100 % use all the time , loading games incredibly slow , and just being a bitch about anything it does . 
  i have done tutorials on youtube , and those do n't make any sort of difference . 
  what can i do ? 
  thanks so much !, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  but it was n't the wurst that i have ever had . 
  hey guys ,, 
  i 'm updating some steam games and it appears that my hard drive is n't cooperating . 
  in the downloads page on steam the disk activity indicator is just a flat line . 
  what do i do ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  what is the average speed of a normal hard drive . 
  while downloading a game , my old drive is at 100 % with anywhere between 3 - 100 kb/s read and and 1 - 30 write . 
  what 's happening , and how do i fix it ? 
  thanks !, 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys . 
  i have a 120 gb ssd , a pny cs1311 . 
  i use it for my os and chrome , etc. 
  however , it still takes a solid 20-30 seconds to get to the lock screen . 
  i do have a garbage toshiba hard drive from 2012 in my system as well . 
  is the hard drive somehow slowing my ssd down ? 
  also , the icons for programs i have on my hard drive do not show for multiple minutes after startup . 
  what can i do ? 
  thanks so much !, 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , it 's my first time posting here . 
  i am thinking about getting a new headset for my games . 
  i have heard that separate headphones with a mic attached to it is much bigger than buying a headset . 
  is this true ? 
  also , what can i get for 200 $ tops ? 
  thanks for all of your help !, 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , im here today to ask about different ssds . 
  the new samsung 960 evovand pro say that they are pcie slot ssds ? 
  does this mean that they come with a little pcb that you fit it into , and then put it in a pcie slot ? 
  the other m. 2 ssds seems to go into the m. 2 slot on the motherboard . 
  i have the msi gaming m5 my motherboard , if that matters . 
  thanks !, 
  edit : a word in the title . 
  ourselves . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , what is a good cpu temperature under load ? 
  i have a 6600k on stock w / a 212 evo in a 750d case . 
  i run around 40 \u00b0 c under load . 
  is this any good ? 
  i 'm thinking about getting a controller . 
  my bed is pretty close to my desk and i would like to lay on my bed with just a wireless controller and play rocket league , or something . 
  i do like the shape of the xbox one , but the ds4 has a touch pad that could be helpful . 
  and i 'm not completely sold on the touchpad things instead of physical joysticks on the steam controller . 
  what are your own experiences with these controllers ? 
  thanks !, 
  btw i 'm on mobile so sorry for any problems . 
  so , doom is on sale with a steam controller for 60 dollars . 
  essentially doom for 10 bucks , with the steam controller being 50 . 
  i tried out doom on steam , and it 's okay . 
  it seems a bit repetitive , but i might end up liking it . 
  i could go to a gamestop now and get a steam controller for 50 , and i would likely end up buying a headset 20 $ steam card as well , to get rocket league ? 
  what do i do ? 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hey guys , i 'm here today to ask for some upgrade advice . 
  my old pc , which i recently stopped using , because i built a much better one , has an fx 4100 and gt 610 in it . 
  it was an old cyperpowerpc pre-built from forever ago , it is called the gua380 , iirc . 
  i 'm thinking about upgrading it for my dad to use it in his office . 
  is there much i can do with it , without changing too much ( motherboard , case , psu ) . 
  if the motherboard permits , i am thinking of a newer cpu with a nicer cooler , and a 1050 ti or something along those lines . 
  sorry i 'm on mobile . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  hey guys , here 's the situation . 
  i have an old 1 tb hard drive with windows and everything on it from my old build . 
  with my new build , i put an ssd 120 gb for windows and some steam games . 
  most of my games are on the hdd . 
  i am thinking of getting an m. 2 1tb card for everything . 
  i just want to clone my ssd , and then reinstall my steam games onto the m. 2 . 
  what do i do ? 
  and should i just reinstall windows for a clean slate ? 
  thanks for all of your help !, 
  i am on mobile so sorry . 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , i have had some trouble lately . 
  i was launching civ 5 , and my cpu immediately went to 100 % and crashed my whole pc . 
  i have a 6600k at stock , what went wrong ? 
  i have played it before on it and it has worked fine . 
  my cpu has also seen some problems with the preset over clock from my bios .
