  my experience is having cool people to hang out with . 
  it started when i played space cadet , fate , and command and conquer on my dad 's pentium 4, 
  that 's really cool of you , man . 
  this is what the pcmr is all about . 
  the a and n in craftsmanship are way too close for comfort . 
  big shitter, 
  you know my second uncle ? 
  well , taylor starts coming and she wo n't stop coming ... 
  i do n't know , the more generation z people go out into the world and get less connected to home , which could be more conservative , they might turn liberal . 
  i hope . 
  maybe . 
  so cool !, 
  sell it as a collectable !, 
  us midwesterns have a unique approach ? 
  thank you , i will now refer to him as kimmy j. 
  it gives me an image of a fatter , more korean , slightly less insane second cousin of kim kardashian . 
  i saw you on c-span during the fcc broadband debate a few days ago . 
  you made great points !, 
  what do you think is the most false assumption that is hurting the progression of legalizing marijuana ? 
  i would love to go to minnesota , but its like , even colder than illinois there . 
  you know once staples gets involved it 's pretty fucking serious . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  `` can we still be friends '', 
  its a podcast by my former lit teacher . 
  it 's about movies and stuff . 
  it 's not that great but it 's wierd to hear him . 
  go try it out . 
  127,127 thanks op !, 
  thanks op !, 
  this is really more of an aircraft ballista . 
  still inferior to a trebuchet , but less inferior than a catapult . 
  nah chivalry medieval warfare on integrated pentium graphics was where it was at . 
  i called smoke pots portable lag spikes . 
  do n't forget the many austin powers scenes . 
  but you cant beat 90 kg projectiles over 300 meters, 
  no other companies make cars like elon, 
  energy solutions like elon, 
  is as half as incredibly smart as elon, 
  for there 's no man in ca as innovative, 
  making some sweet ass cars, 
  you can ask any pichai , page or tsuga, 
  and they 'll tell you whose team they prefer to be on, 
  no one 's neat as elon, 
  makes rockets like elon, 
  no one 's got a a swell cleft in his chin like elon, 
  as a scientist , yes , i am dandy, 
  my what a guy , that elon, 
  elon is the best, 
  and the rest is all ula, 
  a china/us joint strike against north korea . 
  if that can happen , rip kimmy, 
  i wish to have a saw someday that i call `` ol cutty '', 
  as a lifetime lefty , your first day 's attempt is better than my normal handwriting . 
  they even occasionally fax threats over to south korea . 
  why yes , our glorious eternal leader kim il-sung created the fax machine on april 15 , 1912 when , as an infant , he created everything in the world from thin air . 
  anybody who denies this simple fact is a capitalist spy pig and deserves to be executed . 
  though for real they probably just took one from china . 
  why yes , our glorious eternal leader kim il-sung created the fax machine on april 15 , 1912 when , as an infant , he created everything in the world from thin air . 
  anybody who denies this simple fact is a capitalist spy pig and deserves to be executed . 
  though for real they probably just took one from china . 
  that 's really cool of you op !, 
  planet coaster, 
  thanks op !, 
  are your fans hitting anything ? 
  like i 'm not alone, 
  i would say add more national parks but apparently people still are n't okay with that . 
  better infrastructure , more nasa funding . 
  or ... release what is inside area 51 , everybody would love that . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  okay , i pressed the power button . 
  what next ? 
  when i realised i still am in high school . 
  going swimming, 
  i can solve a rubik 's cube in a minute . 
  it makes people trip out . 
  no , it 's iron-ic for a solder to go to radioshack . 
  my favorite is the second matrix , because it proves that the first was so much better . 
  nah , i got ta save some of the ladies for the other guys , right ? 
  oh , not just in california , this is a worldwide issue . 
  `` south korean news '' if she is interested in pre-wwiii and is n't communist , it will go well . 
  that 's not a jumpsuit , that 's just his skin color . 
  you are now moderator of r/the _ donald, 
  only the people who completely and blindly follow donald trump are able to make informed decisions about the future of this nation . 
  major / s, 
  my chemistry lab partner loves you guys . 
  what is an obscure fact about you that he would n't know ? 
  as a former gt 610 owner , i can confirm that my new rig using integrated is more than 3 times as fast on some of my games . 
  to me this looks like a garbage rip-off of an off brand combination of an f-16 and f/a18 . 
  it 's not even that , they are able to take a 4th generation design and make it worse . 
  no , but i know of a medieval seige engine that can . 
  this entire thing feels like a bad acid trip . 
  i just have no other words to describe this atrocity , other than stupendous . 
  get out, 
  cool !, 
  my grandfather was also in southern germany a few years after the war , but he was army , i think . 
  he bought some cool things back !, 
  i happen to know of a certain medieval seige engine capable of launching 90 kg saracens 300 meters away . 
  however , since it is in space , if can launch them forever . 
  clearly the superior weapon .
