  something something broken arms, 
  people who can maneuver a social situation expertly . 
  the witcher 3, 
  portal series, 
  they must learn of our peaceful ways through force, 
  fuck id buy that, 
  i meant the video game , but i have n't heard bad things about that book . 
  that 's a man, 
  `` you better marry me before i turn 30/40/3 .04140932 x 10 ^ 64 . 
  i wo n't be single at 30/40/3 .04140932 x 10 ^ 64 . 
  ftfy, 
  i just checked my 1070 and it said that i have micron memory . 
  is every micron chip bad ? 
  what can i do ? 
  it 's an msi gaming x 1070, 
  ok , thanks a ton !, 
  add some red leds there and you may have something . 
  u/bartroll is right . 
  there are people who just spam new accounts for better chances . 
  it would be best to put around at least a one loath old account and some sort of karma . 
  50 maybe ? 
  it 's up to you , though , op . 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  something something `` i did n't know the cat had broken arms '', 
  all persons aged 13 up will remain blue for their entire lives , and a new race is born , homo sapiens promiscuous . 
  okay , thanks a ton !, 
  thanks !, 
  this is really helpful !, 
  damn , it could definitely be cheaper to fly to the us to get it and then fly back . 
  whoa , how does one get a free os ? 
  i would love gta v , please . 
  thanks op !, 
  i have the same psu . 
  you just have to make it perfectly perpendicular to the motherboard , and make sure it is n't flipped the wrong way , i almost snapped the pin things on the motherboard . 
  the 5 rules of dodge ball are as follows , dip dodge dive drive and dodge . 
  try not to break your arms , and do n't pretend to not know what a potato is . 
  i use these skills daily . 
  i 'm pretty sure it does , but it is much smaller and does n't look like one . 
  it looks kinda like a second microphone hole . 
  the problem is , is that once 90 % of mosquitoes are gone , the predators that eat mosquitoes will fall , eventually leading to a decline in wildlife . 
  thanks op !, 
  it 's very cool of you to just hand out codes !, 
  dang you should sell cpu keychains . 
  i had the same problem in a few of my games , like rocket league and whatnot . 
  the framerate would just drop a bit every now and again , and it was infuriating . 
  i uninstaller rocket league on my hard drive and put it on my ssd , and that seems to have fixed the issue . 
  hope this works for you op !, 
  your scientists were so preoccupied with whether they could , they did n't stop to think if they should . 
  playing that space pinball game on the pc which ran w 98 , i think . 
  also playing the game fate with my dad on his dell pentium 4 . 
  dang , i think that the zotac fans are only like 50 mm or something like that , they ca n't be huge . 
  not really a late night snack shop but ed debevics in chicago can get you roasted as well . 
  i 'm somewhat of a wuss , and i ca n't really stomach any sort of formal occasion . 
  how is that username working out for you ? 
  dang , what monitor ? 
  plague , hopefully . 
  ferris bueller 's day off . 
  it would be kinda wierd if we had to wait an extra 10 seconds of ferris telling us to leave . 
  where is glorious george when you need him ? 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  that was a cool survey !, 
  thanks op !, 
  is it just me or is it impossible to run arma 3 well ? 
  can confirm , showered with u/chameleon720 56 minutes ago . 
  my european history teacher just had triplets , all girls , with his wife . 
  now it 's him , his wife , an older daughter ( 4 years ish ) and three new daughters . 
  he is taking 3 months off . 
  rip o'neil 2016-2034 . 
  we will show them of our peaceful ways , through force . 
  thanks op !, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  yeah , but did it make a noise ? 
  who does n't casually want to wash their naked friend ? 
  i know i do ... 
  slaughter of my classmates after laughed at by viscous middleschoolers for being german and polish during the world war ii unit . 
  little fuckers never saw it coming , much like the invasion of poland . 
  dad , where are you ? 
  i have n't seen you in 18 years !, 
  those gummy fruit strips that health-concious mothers make their kids eat . 
  even the sight or the smell of one makes me gag . 
  oh fuck , this happened to me . 
  when i was younger , and minecraft had just added ender men , i binge played that shit . 
  i was on a trampoline at my friend 's late at night , and i swear to god i saw an enderman in the darkness just beyond the gate . 
  scared the shit out of me . 
  what else could it mean ? 
  dang , that 's a pretty good deal . 
  take him with her . 
  this really presses my buttons . 
  my friend told my other friend that he should drink great value bleach because his life was n't worth name brand prices . 
  apparently computers can judge a book by its cover . 
  i want it , i play rocket league a ton now . 
  thanks !, 
  thanks op !, 
  and i 'll pick one in 24 hours 2200 gmt, 
  thanks op, 
  wrong, 
  thanks op !, 
  can deny , have a dog . 
  marylin monroe, 
  thanks op !,
