  exactly , a 1080 will always love you . 
  where can one find djikstras bathhouse ? 
  asking for a friend, 
  do n't even get me started on that whore . 
  if you say both too much , and too little , it evens out , so you will be fine . 
  it 's math . 
  what ? 
  a reply to a reply to a comment !, 
  what if i disagree to agree ? 
  can confirm , had gt 610, 
  squad plz thanks op !, 
  i like how it 's like arma , but easier to run . 
  the team play is also cool . 
  i sexually identify as an attack helicopter . 
  ever since i was a boy i dreamed of soaring over the oilfields dropping hot sticky loads on disgusting foreigners . 
  people say to me that a person being a helicopter is impossible and i 'm fucking retarded but i do n't care , i 'm beautiful . 
  i 'm having a plastic surgeon install rotary blades , 30 mm cannons and amg-114 hellfire missiles on my body . 
  from now on i want you guys to call me `` apache '' and respect my right to kill from above and kill needlessly . 
  if you ca n't accept me you 're a heliphobe and need to check your vehicle privilege . 
  thank you for being so understanding . 
  rip colorblind people . 
  i now realize that that is , in fact , a green plastic box instead of the weirdest floor mat ever conceived . 
  thanks op !, 
  i am thinking of getting battlefield 1 and this certainly would help . 
  how does one get res ? 
  i have a 1070 , and i seem to be able to get steady 60 1080p with everything ultra , hairworks on . 
  i have a 6600k at stock and 16 gb of ram . 
  that 's not proper procedure ? 
  how little does a lawyer make to only afford a house that can fit in a pocket ? 
  did you read dr. seuss as a kid ? 
  because green eggs ... and damn !, 
  i 've been playing rocket league recently . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  i have a gear vr , and there is an app that you can join with people who have rifts and vives and at games in a tavern with them . 
  it 's called `` alt space vr '' if anybody wants it . 
  ayy thanks op !, 
  okay !, 
  thanks !, 
  i will plan on doing this !, 
  i mean , if you died at the same time , `` ghost mom '' could still buy `` ghost you '' some radical `` ghost light up sneakers '' . 
  what do people do at high school parties ? 
  i 'm not okay with a baby coming out of a fake dick . 
  and climate change encompasses all changes in weather patterns due to emissions . 
  this can be more natural disasters , etc , versus just raising temperatures . 
  your friends are right . 
  how can you be sad with that username ? 
  `` get out of the ocean there is a shark in the water . 
  lady , this a bathtub . '', 
  i wholeheartedly agree . 
  and his dad tries not to hear his wife and his son do it daily . 
  something something broken arms, 
  op bought a 980 ti a week before the 10 series was announced . 
  i was expecting more along these lines : https://imgur.com/gallery/r390eid, 
  ayy thanks op, 
  can we please not start this ? 
  i mean , the 390 is obviously superior to the 390 , let 's not joke around . 
  127 thanks op !, 
  cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  a friend of mine bought it a week before . 
  it was at an okay discount , though, 
  used to flourine-uranium-carbon-potassium-sulfur . 
  roses are red, 
  violets are blue, 
  fuck you lapish, 
  this is a poem my classmate wrote for the `` haiku a day '' part of lit class , taught by mr. lapish . 
  where 's the moist maker ? 
  holy shit this is amazing !, 
  continue !, 
  [ deleted ], 
  what 's this ? 
  do n't call me your gamebuddy , gamefriend . 
  dang i guess my teacher is an enemy of catherine . 
  i did n't know he was that old . 
  i mean zingermans is pretty great . 
  i do n't have one , but the majority of my family will keel over at the word moist . 
  `` what are you going to do , stab me ? '', 
  - man who was stabbed, 
  in my middle school , around 2 out of the 3 spanish teachers were knocked up at one time . 
  ftfy, 
  `` these are n't my pants '', 
  - man with drugs in pants, 
  or even 4 out of 3 . 
  though i think that at one time they were all pregnant and one had twins , so i guess . 
  the real lpt is in the comments . 
  by trebuchet , you mean a medieval seige weapon capable of throwing a 90 kilogram projectile over 300 meters using counterweights right ? 
  and then when everybody is blind , no one is . 
  i do n't know , the rocky song still has n't worn on me yet . 
  how could somebody not like rocky ? 
  it 's you ... 
  do you live on reddit ? 
  people walking in the exit sliding door of a store . 
  we do n't live in a fucking anarchy people . 
  [ ama request ] someone who enters stores through the exit door . 
  do you ever feel regret for your heinous actions ? 
  what was the first stepping stone into your eventual death spiral into oblivion ? 
  do you ever contemplate the consequences for your actions ? 
  do you have a heroine problem ? 
  i see you everywhere . 
  i 'm mostly okay with that method .
