  oops, 
  really ? 
  hopefully my gf and i could get a setup like this , when i get a gf . 
  thanks op !, 
  number four will shock you !, 
  i am thinking about getting a new pair of headphones for mostly gaming , mostly fps . 
  my desk is in my room , so it is quiet . 
  should i get a pair of open headphones ? 
  i have been looking at the ath-ad700x . 
  what do you think ? 
  thanks !, 
  `` go where ever , just do n't get arrested or killed . '', 
  also they allowed me any m rated games even if i was like 8 . 
  i was playing a game of golf with my friends a while back . 
  we talked about a game that all of us had , except one of us . 
  we did n't know it then . 
  his mother came up to us a couple of months later and proceed to yell at us for making her son feel bad . 
  we were 13 , jesus christ get over yourself . 
  hipocracy . 
  drives me up a wall . 
  though the lips you would have kissed would n't have been properly , ` sanitized ' . 
  who wants that ? 
  0-60 faster than any production car made yet . 
  holy shit . 
  all of my friends on my bus route have girls , and the ones that i was interested in back in middle school . 
  my uncle . 
  and another one of my uncle 's . 
  one has n't talked to the family for multiple years , one is a hoarder . 
  you have n't read animal farm , then . 
  costco , i would like to scale the giant racks and pretend that i am spiderman, 
  playing pokemon go , drinking an icee , and riding a bike with my left hand on the right handle . 
  european history homework . 
  you have your priorities in check , i like you . 
  it 's a hit odd but toilet paper . 
  i feel so wimpy and wasteful using a 3 ply piece of compressed cotton paper whatnot . 
  bottom of ocean and somewhere really high up that falls into a big turbine , generating electricity . 
  also so that i could create a rad water slide . 
  entering through the clearly marked exit at any store . 
  ever had any sort of date . 
  my high school is loaded with couples and socially adept people . 
  travel back in time before britain promises that general area to three different coubtriws . 
  or brainwash everybody and start over . 
  all my life minus kindergarten . 
  i am focusing on my grades . 
  says the bot, 
  also read the entire recipe before making it . 
  i made cinnamon rolls from an online recipe , and the last sentence on it was to remember to put in more yeast than that recipe says . 
  it was n't a review , it was just the recipe maker being stupid , and me not reading it through . 
  127 thanks op !, 
  im so excited i wonder whats inside !!, 
  it is one of them , but until you check , it is all of them . 
  ya i 've read that one as well . 
  throw a ball , and then pick the one that walks to you , not fetch the ball , and then lay on his back, 
  that happens to me and i 've got a beast . 
  is my hard drive crapping out ? 
  it 's a 3 yr old toshiba . 
  or is windows doing something bad ? 
  thanks op !, 
  that 's a mouse ... 
  yes ... 
  so no, 
  it 's all about the pentiums , baby !, 
  thanks op !, 
  is rocket league under 20 $ nowadays ? 
  payday 2 alpha mauler and party hat !, 
  thanks op, 
  edit : oops sorry alpha mauler, 
  thanks op !, 
  hey it 's me your winning lottery ticket . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , what kind of problems will we likely encounter if we cheap out ? 
  ok , thanks !, 
  there is a ton of people going for the g502 . 
  i personally have the death adder chroma and it is great . 
  i have had no issues at all , i 've had it for about 2 years , now . 
  they are both great mice but i say try them out at like a best buy or somewhere similar to see which one feels better . 
  sheldon cooper is about to get his ass kicked , is what 's going to happen . 
  where is that potato guy when you need him ? 
  what are some good kissing moves ? 
  thanks op !, 
  i will love and love my 750d airflow , except during lan parties . 
  shot in the shoulder by a .50 cal . 
  sounds like you could use some good kissing moves . 
  hey it 's me , your guy , buddy . 
  i was in the pool, 
  i can assure you , that 's a move . 
  you can just download some , i ' f you run out . 
  you do n't pay them to `` spend time '' with you , you just pay them to leave afterwards . 
  dave does, 
  alternate ending :, 
  a fourth cars salesman comes up to saint peter . 
  saint peter says , `` hey dave !, 
  here is a bugatti to drive in heaven ! '', 
  `` go ahead , throw your vote away . '', 
  dont you mean a hoax created by the chinese ? 
  dont you mean a hoax created by the chinese ? 
  if you look way far out in the distance , you can see my main man dave . 
  yo what is the name of the meme with squidward like this but spongebob is rattlin ' spoons out the window ? 
  i was actually talking about this in math class today with non-believers . 
  and they do n't stop coming, 
  we did n't start the fire .
