connecticut vs. rhode island, 
  to create a vast empire spanning a whole 6757 square miles . 
  me : is this the krusty krab ? 
  him : no this is patrick, 
  something that makes a lot of money . 
  any suggestions ? 
  gold, 
  payday 2 , besieged , war game european, 
  thanks op !, 
  this seems to be an offer i ca n't refuse . 
   my running speed starts slowly but gets faster after every level . 
  ftfy, 
  command & conquer : red alert 3 - uprising, 
  i enjoy playing csgo as well as lol, 
  i am looking forward to half-life 3 !!!, 
  the cubs winning the world series , and half life 3 . 
  this makes me wonder if monkeys see humans as `` the outsiders '' . 
  i should get this so i can practice in private and then show off to my friends who think that they are great at rocket league . 
  1024 far cry 3 , and rocket league . 
  thanks !, 
  what is the difference between a console peasant and a catfish ? 
  one 's a slimy scum-sucking bottom-dwelling scavenger , and the other is a fish . 
  thanks !, 
  gone home and ftl please . 
  10/10 would comment again, 
  how have the drivers improved since the past generation ? 
  also , what is your favorite episode of friends ? 
  one time at a grocery store , i saw some kid opening up lunchables , eating the circular ham pieces , and then proceeding to put the rest of the lunchable back on the shelf , moving on to the next one . 
  this went on for a couple solid minutes . 
  `` can we still be friends '' starring my old lit teacher . 
  i did n't expect that, 
  oh god it has spread to me, 
  same here , but it happened during a math test . 
  somehow still got a 98 . 
  can it run crysis ? 
  may our framerates be high and our temperatures low, 
  a comment . 
  drug cartels, 
  they are called crocs , but they only protect against stds . 
  edit : crocs, 
  unless cell phones can now be used . 
  but i only have one watch , and i like it . 
  i 've been using my friends copy of overwatch . 
  i would highly recommend chivalry medieval warfare , as well as insurgency . 
  i read a pretty spooky story about this one time . 
  little imps stuck themselves on the bottom of the wings , and then they came into the plane mid-flight , tunneling down people 's throats and then proceeding to carve themselves out of their stomachs . 
  7th grade science fair . 
  majority of kids wore a polo and jeans that were n't ripped . 
  i had a full suit with coat , tie , nice shirt , nice pants , shoes , and a rocken belt . 
  i was pretty spooked in the beginning but i actually got quite a few glances by more than one female that was n't bad looking . 
  some regrets . 
  i had two different girlfriends in kindergarten . 
  they never know about each other . 
  she sounds like an ungrateful piece of shit . 
  was at boy scout camp when i was about 12 . 
  we went white water rafting afterwards . 
  after we were done , there was a restaurant with tables along the side of the rapids with no railings . 
  the older kids walked across the rapids . 
  i , being the needy 12 year old that i was , decided to join them . 
  btw everybody , water is powerful . 
  the water kicked out my legs and i started going down . 
  the only thing that i was thinking was that i was never going to grow up and do things that adults do . 
  someone actually caught me right before my body was to be smashed into a boulder . 
  would not repeat . 
  i am finally able to play it well, 
  consoles are better than pcs . 
  also , the human eye ca n't see past 24 fps . 
  we could , but north korea would probably take south korea down with it , at the very least . 
  at least you did n't pretend to not know what a potato is . 
  american 300 . 
  an obesity epidemic documentary . 
  i would give it a perfect 5/7, 
  i know that feel too well . 
  gt 610 to msi 1070 . 
   people never crease to amaze me . 
  ftfy, 
  lpt : when you get a girlfriend and meet her parents , never forget what a potato is . 
  it must only be a dual core . 
  hey , am i too late ? 
  not really a company but the us air force nuclear weapons program . 
  still use 8 inch floppies . 
  and not the good kind . 
  just kidding . 
  dicks out . 
  maintain them as my personal army . 
  i leave a trail of brains from my storage in my basement , eventually leading them to pyongyang and take control . 
  i then give all of north korea to south korea . 
  edit : now the disk is intermittently updating the games , and system and compressed memory is now using up a lot of disk space . 
  since i am left-handed , i do engage in swordfighting with my fellow lefties from time to time on our local mainstreet . 
  i awoke on an island made out of various office supplies . 
  pencils , rubber bands , pens , staplers , paper clips . 
  a fuck ton of paper clips . 
  i had an innate feeling that i had to count every single goddamned office supply there . 
  it was a really big island . 
  i was just about finished , when a giant rubber band ball comes out of nowhere , smashing all of the supplies into a giant heap . 
  then , i had to count them again . 
  it was hell . 
  15 , trying to be more socially active . 
  not really helping myself that i browse reddit 24/7 . 
  ` head ' in the game .
