  step one : introduce them to reddit . 
  step two : play video games . 
  step three : realize you have n't seen your parents in a week . 
  step four : try to get your parents off of reddit, 
  step five : fail, 
  step six : ??? 
  step seven : profit, 
  limbo, 
  thanks op !, 
  guess we have this video to thank . 
  i 've got an asus mx279h . 
  it 's a 27 inch 1080p 60 hz . 
  i really do love the picture quality on it . 
  it is expensive but it goes on sale frequently . 
  120 mbps download and 25 mbps upload . 
  in steam it 's about 400 kb/s, 
  it is at 100 % mostly . 
  but there are sometimes when my pc boots that it idles at around 2 to 3 normally . 
  thanks a ton for your help !, 
  if i had gold i would give it !, 
  however my hard drive is still at 100 % . 
  it 's an old model and i think that i will get an ssd or a nicer hard drive , because it is painful to watch a new rig try to kill itself . 
  hey , that 's pretty good . 
  i got it for free on my pny ssd . 
  needs some higher quality pixels, 
  oh shit that 's deep . 
  did he break his arms ? 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  rocket league . 
  thanks op !, 
  til that birthday suits is just being naked . 
  i thought that it was actually like a birthday suit , with balloons and confetti , and a birthday hat . 
  but before , you should probably put some hot sauce on that potato . 
  or serve that potato over rice . 
  i 've really ever heard it in modern family . 
  twas a confusion episode for me . 
  oh thanks . 
  i am not an intelligent man . 
  thanks op !, 
  i would absolutely adore no man 's sky !, 
  just kidding , i would really like rocket league !, 
  thanks op !, 
  i am currently using my friends copy of it through family share , but no one tell him . 
  i have tried to defrag the drive , but i always switches from 28 % fragmented to 56 % fragmented every time i try . 
  my hard drive had windows on it from an older system , but i got an ssd and got windows on it and made it my boot drive . 
  i have the msi gaming m5 . 
  i am pretty sure that they are all sata iii , but i could be mistaken . 
  i see mostly black screen , with the bios popping up for just a couple seconds , some more black , the windows loading circle animation , a bit of black screen , and then my lock screen . 
  anything that the hydraulic press guy destroys with his press . 
  `` this is very dangerous , ve must deal vith it '', 
  thanks !, 
  i 've been running it for a while , it seems to be working !, 
  you just sexually harassed me . 
  get this man out of here !, 
  thanks , dad . 
  i can only do $ 1440, 
  127 thanks op, 
  they have got them at my local microcenter . 
  got a bunch of them . 
  to allow for the highest quality pixels , if course . 
  thanks , and are there any benefits to open air headphones ? 
  my pc is in my room with no noise to affect me . 
  i 've heard that open air has better directional sound or something . 
  though you would know better . 
  thanks op !, 
  the cactus that got people high in avatar the last airbender was gold . 
  127 , thanks op !, 
  i enjoy the tears of console peasants . 
  i have been looking at those . 
  are the head rest `` wings '' working out well for you ? 
  that is my only issue with it now . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  ok thanks so much !, 
  i have quite the large head so i think that they will suffice . 
  holy shit this is my situation word for word . 
  i would rather have a shit 50 $ normal microwave versus a 500 $ ` fancy ' piece of shit . 
  op is a bro, 
  real spines have curves . 
  i assume you meant 1440p, 
  or only if he medically dies, 
  is that a good cooler ? 
  wow i 've got the same exact cpu , motherboard , ram , and gpu . 
  i agree . 
  3 gb wo n't last long . 
  am polish and german . 
  learning about world war ii in middle school was n't the best month of my life . 
  `` haha , you were born when a german soldier raped a polish person during kristallnacht '' keep in mind that this was around 2010 . 
  `` wow , so do you support hitler ? '', 
  nice , i had the same 610 , the struggle . 
  a moose once bit my sister !, 
  sir , up until now , i have never heard of a potato , other than it being some kind of food . 
  tastes very interesting, 
  no , he did n't get the ultra durable motherboard . 
  woah what brand ? 
  what kind of prices will we be looking at for 1 tb if that stuff ? 
  i think that it is just because the strafes leds are open while the black widows are recessed into the chassis, 
  thanks , someone needs to know this stuff !, 
  nice , that would probably be the best way it could turn out !, 
  nice , what headphones ? 
  oh i just saw that that was a microphone with a foam thing covering it .
