  my middle schools library number . 
  it 's fourteen digits long and i have known it for years . 
  127 thanks op !, 
  how conservative is stock speeds ? 
  my euro teacher threatens to defenestrate our calculators if he finds us calculating our grades in his class . 
  it 's not even a joke he has already done it this year . 
  edit : by euro i mean ap european history . 
  it starts at around 1300 and goes to modern day . 
  communism, 
  how did you get the game onto your pc ? 
  can you just put the disk into your disk drive or somehow get it through the wii u ? 
  that 's awesome !, 
  how old do you think it is ? 
  okay !, 
  thanks !, 
  i will try and fix it !, 
  okay , thanks !, 
  ill try to fix it !, 
  the risk was calculated , but man am i bad at math . 
  can anything be created with hawking radiation , or will that be the `` end '' of the universe , until another big bang happens ? 
  best i can do is 1 lion , 1 tiger , 1 bear , and i 'll toss in one `` oh my ! '', 
  just to sweeten the deal for you . 
  what is a planck time ? 
  what are they selling ? 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  the escapist thanks op !, 
  add `` i have/am the best ... '' to while bottle , or two drinks . 
  how do you think the recent denial of climate change will play out ? 
  every reputable source knows its happening but ` fake news ' seems to deny it anyway . 
  watermelon, 
  edward keycap-puller-hands . 
  wtf is an anal gland . 
  people who enter stores through the exit doors, 
  127 thanks op !, 
  i have an msi motherboard , and encountered a similar problem . 
  on the motherboard , there should be a switch that says `` slow '' or something similar . 
  while your pc is off , flip that switch . 
  boot up your pc and it should go to normal stock speeds . 
  i have the msi gaming m5 z170 and it fixed it for me . 
  i hope it works for you !, 
  i 'm a real boy !, 
  i 'm okay with putting mushrooms on me as long as they throw in some flowers and maybe a tree or two . 
  i do n't want to be just some mushrooms that some raccoon is going to pee on and then eat , i want to be a tree . 
  when i saw the cake , walked up to it , and then my laptop crashed . 
  good times . 
  not drinking tim hortons , not even canadian . 
  no rugrats, 
  people who enter through the exit door . 
  are you good of friends are you with idubbbz ? 
  that guy browses r/writingprompts, 
  man in motion, 
  whenever i see warthog , the first way i can think to pronounce it is war - thog . 
  it has been messing me up whenever i visit a zoo , or browse reddit . 
  the escapists, 
  this war of mine . 
  thanks op !, 
  more like yugehughmungus, 
  hellen keller walks into a bar ,, 
  then a chair ,, 
  then a table . 
  was n't one of these in an episode of vghs ? 
  and only 35 gb of hbm3 instead of 40 gb, 
  thanks op !, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  video game high school . 
  a show online about a world where video games are as important and cool as sports . 
  the main character and his friends get hammered on one of those beer bikes . 
  his `` in math class '', 
  this looks too real to deny, 
  i hope for your sake that you do n't both share a bathroom, 
  how does one go about cleaning them out easily ? 
  the ones i 've found is just digging them out . 
  i did n't know that i had to use a stethoscope to maximize the speed of my hard drive . 
  i consider great britain to be the greatest loss to the eu, 
  that 's why i do n't go to parties !, 
  haha, 
  it 's way too fucking windy around here . 
  thanks op !, 
  at first i thought that was a car battery and they were electrocuting it . 
  does his hat say cocks ? 
  2/10 lice with rice, 
  thank you for your suggestion, 
  looks more like a melt to me, 
  first , one shall count to three . 
  not four . 
  not to two , except in the case where thy continue to three . 
  five is right out . 
  5/10 lice rice with real nice ice, 
  unless the sandwiches were recently in the pool . 
  my european history teacher is coming off of paternal leave wednesday , for like 3 months paid . 
  his wife had triplets , so it 's probably a shit fest at his house . 
  dang , i got 16 gb ddr4 2400 for $ 55 late last summer . 
  prices are jumping . 
  in the summer of 2015 i took an amtrak from chicago to new mexico to go hiking . 
  on the way there i occasionally saw herds of bison running in the same direction of the train . 
  it was really cool and scary at the same time . 
  all of the open space in the great plains is really awesome . 
  i was hiking with my boy scout troop in the summer of 2015 in new mexico . 
  it was the last day of hiking , and man was it wet . 
  we were in a valley while it was raining , and our navigator , let 's call him c , was in a sour mood because his boots were filled with water .
