  harry truman dorris day , red china johnny ray ,, 
  south pacific walter winchell joe dimaggio . 
  joe mccartney richard nixon , studebaker television, 
  north korea south korea marylin monroe . 
  do n't you mean dave ? 
  actually now it 's you . 
  does it know that harambe is dead , and all of the other fucked up stuff that has happened in the last 12 years ? 
  samsung says that it is better because they just put a copper sticker somewhere really hot , so it should be better . 
  nobody 's sure yet , though . 
  it worked for me , the moving colors and all . 
  civ 5 killed my new monitor for a bit , but then i found that . 
  after an hour or so it was fine again . 
  only works if it 's just a stuck pixel , not a dead one or a bug or something . 
  it worked for me , the moving colors and all . 
  civ 5 killed my new monitor for a bit , but then i found that . 
  after an hour or so it was fine again . 
  only works if it 's just a stuck pixel , not a dead one or a bug or something . 
  you know dave too ? 
  hopefully he does get sniped sniped sniped . 
  this is why i am proud of my city . 
  i sure do love a good waterboarding, 
  let 's pack it up , boys . 
  thekyfireman finished our job for us . 
  thanks op !, 
  `` hello , i would like to put 5,527 points into luck . '', 
  `` are you sure ? 
  out of everything you could spend your life points on , and you choose luck ? '', 
  `` absolutely . 
  i read it on reddit one time , and apparently this is the way to go . 
  everything on luck , please . '', 
  * sigh * `` alright , you know that that karma mostly came from you being german , right ? '', 
  '' ... yeah ? 
  why ? '', 
  `` it 's just that . 
  it 's just that your new body is born in 1889 . 
  in austria-hungary . '', 
  `` pfft , that was like , wayyyy before world war ii . 
  * sigh * `` well alright , mein fuhrer . 
  good luck , and good painting . '', 
  `` wait , what ? '', 
  * poof *, 
  so only 399,990 seconds of disappointment left !, 
  this is n't in r/upliftingnews ? 
  thanks op !, 
  11127 and 8127, 
  what does the sign on a closed brothel say ? 
  `` beat it !, 
  we 're closed ! '', 
  i had that feeling . 
  gt 610 masterrace . 
  holy shit is this great . 
  i never win . 
  thanks op, 
  just do n't chug it after an interview . 
  kinda like the worm in star wars , or spongebob . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  my motherboard has software that shows my temps . 
  i just put it on my second monitor . 
  also my motherboard has a small digital screen on it that just shows the number of degrees in celsius . 
  although you need an adapter if you want to change your keychain . 
  make his hands smaller , and then you might have something there . 
  maybe he lives in new jersey . 
  rocket league !, 
  1127 , so i can give it to my friend , who is thinking of building a pc . 
  okay thanks a ton !, 
  i think that i will hold out for ds4 support !, 
  thanks !, 
  ya , i like the ds4 more , but the joysticks will just take some time for me to get used to , i think . 
  thanks !, 
  i might go with the ds4 . 
  that seems to be the main consensus . 
  the room scale vr really is great ( i tried out both the oculus and the vive ) and the controllers are included and are pretty good . 
  the rift is a streamlined version , while the vive has more features . 
  i think of it as the iphone versus a galaxy . 
  iphone is sleeker , but the samsung has more features , minus the explody part of it . 
  i do n't, 
  1127 thanks op, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  what ? 
  dry rice : 3/10 literally just tastes like sand, 
  cooked rice : 10/10 great flavor, 
  thank you for your suggestion, 
  i love mafia 6 !, 
  i thought it was cheyeneh ( pronounced ch-eye-neh ), 
  it was probably him getting 31 fps instead of the usual cinematic 24 . 
  what a geek , i can do 7200 fps a second . 
  cool !, 
  what model is it ? 
  those hp pre-builts are n't actually terrible . 
  6700 with an ssd for about 750 at costco , where i am . 
  stick a 1070 in there and you got a beast . 
  what ? 
  i love mafia 720 !, 
  cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  cool !, 
  thank you for your suggestion, 
  i think that having to read is too discriminatory on certain groups of the public . 
  disadvantaged people ca n't read , and that makes it impossible for them to pass . 
  i suggest tearing down all education , to make everybody equal .
