  i have always wanted to play gta v. 
  my dad was throwing my sister and i into the snow piles that the snow plow makes on the sides of the roads . 
  it was going well , until he accidentally threw me onto an ice patch hidden by snow . 
  the wind got knocked out of me and it felt like my lungs dissappeared . 
  good times . 
  thanks op !, 
  i think that you should get the witcher 3 . 
  cool !, 
  some of my ancestors worked at a textile mill way back when in gothenburg ( maybe goteborg ) . 
  my sisters holiday spirit . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  i guess that they are `` running '' out of time to save cheetahs . 
  please help i need friends . 
  wasd that 's pretty cool of you op !, 
  thanks !, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  gta is 30 $, 
  11227 thanks op !, 
  gta v, 
  cave johnson : all right , i 've been thinking , when life gives you lemons , do n't make lemonade !, 
  glados : yeah . 
  cave johnson : make life take the lemons back !, 
  glados : yeah !, 
  cave johnson : get mad !, 
  glados : yeah !, 
  cave johnson : i do n't want your damn lemons !, 
  what am i supposed to do with these ? 
  glados : yeah , take the lemons !, 
  cave johnson : demand to see life 's manager !, 
  make life rue the day it thought it could give cave johnson lemons !, 
  do you know who i am ? 
  i 'm the man whose gon na burn your house down - with the lemons !, 
  glados : oh , i like this guy . 
  cave johnson : i 'm gon na get my engineers to invent a combustible lemon that 'll burn your house down !, 
  1660 thanks op !, 
  well i mean there is parking in back , so i 'm down to get down . 
  or op could buy his neighbors a waterfall that uses the roof water . 
  then , `` teacher slapped by principal for slapping student for filming student getting slapped by teacher for being late to class '' . 
  i expected a spanish inquisition . 
  ya , my grandpa was dirt poor , and was born into the depression . 
  he would keep just butter in a separate butter fridge . 
  it was never expired , maybe he just liked butter . 
  cool !, 
  thanks !, 
  this is now my phone background . 
  thank you . 
  build a flying house that never lands . 
  `` you even think i have redeeming qualities !, 
  11227 thanks op !, 
  127 thanks op !, 
  my history, 
  ah , the ol' grocery store maneuver . 
  that is , if he still has the sense of touch . 
  hey , i was just in barcelona !, 
  or the alamo, 
   blazed through it, 
  just looks like a white zapdos to me . 
  probably battlefield 1 was my favorite game released in 2016 . 
  it 's nice to get in a plane and parachute onto a blimp . 
  thanks op !, 
  11227 thanks op !, 
  gta v please, 
  thanks op !, 
  i can assure you , that is a comic book store . 
  this is an inevitable comment that talks of broken arms , and/or potatoes . 
  sounds like my kind of valley . 
  not with that attitude, 
  asus or msi . 
  evga 's problems are now sorted out so you can go for them as well . 
  i have the msi gaming x 1070 and its great . 
  i kinda wished i got the asus for the 2 hdmi ports and full rgb lighting , but it is very long . 
  what is your most though provoking question ? 
  either that space pinball game on dialup , command and conquer , or those game disks that you buy at the school book fares where you find the hidden puzzles in a picture . 
  good times . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  cool !, 
  thanks op !, 
  hell yeah goliath is amazing . 
  though nothing can beat a good raging bull . 
  cool !, 
  thanks op !, 
  that 's a solid deal . 
  128 thanks op !, 
  that 's exactly what i have . 
  its amazing . 
  i can hear things in games like they are in real life . 
  i can even pinpoint enemies in terraria , not that it matters . 
  i 'm down for secretary of education . 
  we have to teach the kids to give up eventually , so why not start in preschool ? 
  how did you get started in politics ? 
  what is around the salary of a mayor ? 
  thanks !, 
  nice try razer, 
  what company do you work for ? 
  medal of honor !, 
  thanks op !, 
  my family went to barcelona recently . 
  on one main road you paid 20 euro for a light lunch for two people . 
  an italian place off the beaten path was amazing and was 35 euro for a 3 course dinner for four . 
  there was also a meatball place in the middle of nowhere that had 3 courses for 25 euro for four people .
