  i do n't wan na taco bout it, 
  then just put a bag on their heads . 
  it 's like the stick conundrum . 
  battlefield, 
  * used to fuck, 
  hurry , delete them . 
  they are coming for you . 
  wow , where do you find that much firepower at one place ? 
  i used to be the part of glorious gt 610 masterrace . 
  you ca n't forget wumbology . 
  the study of wumbo . 
  it 's first grade !, 
  i 'm thinking about getting it with the steam controller . 
  60 $ for a 50 $ controller and a nice game . 
  okay !, 
  thanks man !, 
  1127 thanks op, 
  you will fetch us ... a shubbery, 
  i 'm looking at you , silver maple tree . 
  they do , but only if his arms are broken . 
  nice !, 
  i was thinking of writing about lefties , too , but you are a much better writer . 
  i would like to give it to my bud , trying to make a second budget build , for his birthday . 
  thanks op for your kindness !, 
  are you arms broken ? 
  yes ? 
  merry christmas , ya filthy animal . 
  i love that movie, 
  well , that 's an imaginary noun , so no , she does not like ideas . 
  i have never even tried half life before . 
  thanks op !, 
  they still do, 
  there was a kid with me in 6th grade science class , and we did the rockets too . 
  he ran out to try and catch it , stopped , took a step forward , and the rocket plunged into the ground a step behind him , the parachute not deployed . 
  he would have had a rocket in his head had he not taken that one more step . 
  math, 
  i can assure you , that is a move, 
  i 'll be sure to check that later toni ... whh-whats nsfwgif ? 
  hahaha . 
  * sweats profusely *, 
  the new cxm is n't that terrible , really . 
  i prefer newman, 
  thanks op !, 
  i would like deus ex . 
  now you can shake a small kids bed . 
  and be socially awkward . 
  wow !, 
  is it really artisan , or do they just label it as artisan ? 
  psat 2016, 
  instructions unclear , dick not stuck in vending machine . 
  what did i do wrong ? 
  * tear rolls down face *, 
  what are the specs ? 
  and chipset , because that will determine what processors you can upgrade to , if you are keeping your motherboard . 
  most likely , the x51 is pretty darn small, 
  also asus does n't have the best customer support out there if something unfortunately goes wrong . 
  the asus does have 2 hdmi ports , iirc , so better for multiple monitors and/or a vr headset if you have one, 
  `` what did you just call me ... oh '', 
  honestly , i 'm stuck between putin , kim-jong-un , xi jingping , or anybody who thinks that they need a safe space because someone disagreed with them . 
  oh god , imagine it before magazines and the internet , but after it was socially acceptable to fuck anybody you saw ( basically caveman times ) . 
  unless you were the king , because it 's good to be the king . 
  gummy bears , andes mints , and occasionally the blood of thine enemies . 
  `` twist it !, 
  pull it !, 
  bop it ! '', 
  talking to girls . 
  girl : `` hey what 's up '', 
  me : `` uh , what ? 
  yes i do like pineapple , how about you ? '', 
  telling people that my future 7th grade science teachers german shepard bit me when i was in 3rd grade selling cub scout popcorn . 
  it was a trained attack dog and it opened the door behind the main door and went for my throat . 
  i thankfully put my elbow up so it fucked that up . 
  it cracks people up that the dog opened a door to maul me . 
  true ... 
  true, 
  knowing exactly what screwdriver to get that fits a certain screw . 
  also measuring distances pretty well . 
  it makes me feel diminutive, 
  a tire swing is the best kind of swing, 
  your friend that is a mosquito magnet . 
  broken arms , potatoes , hot sauce . 
  i can name many , but these are some nice ones . 
  1950s so that they can use technology of their equipment to further society . 
  wait , is n't that thre ... ohhh . 
  hookers , sperms , hoes , sex . 
  i am a child . 
  integrity, 
  jar jar as an imperial spy . 
  bad if he knows they are married , but the woman 's fault is she keeps up with it . 
  liking pcs over consoles, 
  bill murray . 
  and obama , he 's pretty chill . 
  hiking at philmont scout ranch in new mexico two summers ago . 
  damn that was pretty . 
  the main middle school had a huge setting bust a few years back . 
  bunch of 7th graders doing some nasty shit for their age . 
  hugo . 
  also tommorrowland . 
  kid with a hacked lighter with a 1 foot tall flame dropped it between my legs . 
  crispy leg hair .
