  c is n't the most spatially aware , so he did n't notice the giant hole in the ground in front of him . 
  we told him to stop walking , but he was already starting to go down . 
  he slipped , fell right on his ass , yelled fuck so loud that it echoed multiple times down the valley , and got back up . 
  he then fell again , got back up , fell again , got back up , and fell a fourth time . 
  by this time he was so emotionally destroyed that he started crying , and just broke down . 
  by the time he regained his composure , he was exhausted . 
  he almost just layed down and fell asleep . 
  he still went on and navigated for the rest of the day , but his mind was still so frazzled he held the compass vertically and asked where north was . 
  good times . 
  127 thanks op, 
  maybe the car food reviewers ? 
  the fire ones in mario . 
  i have a burning passion for them . 
  hey its me , your cousin . 
  none , less . 
  i know , right !, 
  i do n't like sand . 
  it 's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere . 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  127 thanks op !, 
  nice !, 
  i 've got the same case !, 
  so spacious !, 
  what a funny little guy, 
  his username is roman numeral for 27 , which is the number on his towel !, 
  til eagles have tongues . 
  ryse please !, 
  thanks op !, 
  have you updated drivers ? 
  exactly , this is made for human ass holes, 
  dammit, 
  thanks op !, 
  normal tuesday night for shia labeouf, 
  hey ,, 
  i got this one from office max/depot . 
  its pretty nice , i got it on sale . 
  it says that it supports up to 500 lbs and has lumbar support . 
  i got it just because it was the only one i could find that had a high enough back for me . 
  good luck !, 
  how well do you think i will be able to handle nuclear fallout ? 
  coralville is fantastic !, 
  they are a rare bunch . 
  i enjoy it , though . 
  i am with them and they are you going to the football game tomorrow morning . 
  i want my fucking drivers license, 
  people walking into a store from the exit doors . 
  nice try , north korea . 
  dammit i ca n't believe the cat is already taken . 
  you are already punished for it , spread it across the world !, 
  127 thanks op !, 
  1998 undertaker/mankind, 
  but , `` play that funky music pink boy '' just doesnt have that nice ring to it . 
  thanks guys !, 
  so this girl was basically the `` le spatula '' of all spatulas , is what you 're saying . 
  needs more jpeg, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  needs more jpeg, 
  i can feel it burning in me . 
  not with that attitude, 
  nah , just put a clock underneath it . 
  now it 's over-clocked, 
  do n't forget doritos and verification cans, 
  i was insanely confused why humans were planning on hurtling this guy ( https://imgur.com/gallery/j3uadfr ) through the void of space as a distraction . 
  a google or two later i realized my mistake . 
  brutal, 
  i ca n't even manage to say testes . 
  it 's like my moist . 
  boobs remind me of drake and josh, 
  the real question is how did his wife know the difference . 
  put it in a bank , buy cool shit from all the interest . 
  start a fusion reactor and give the energy away for free . 
  give the rest of my money to nasa to do cool shit . 
  what 's your voltage ? 
  thomas paine is on the top of my list . 
  i 'm not interested in you if you are n't thomas paine . 
  i want a girl that 's nice , a girl that 's not, 
  obsessed with her looks , but is insanely hot, 
  the kind of girl that i can show to my folks, 
  loves the movies i like and always laughs at my jokes, 
  a real girl , a hot girl ; a really hot girl ;, 
  a brand new , really hot , real doll, 
  wants to impress me , does n't care if i notice, 
  only ever uses me to tickle her throat with ... 
  what 's the mileage ? 
  my kevin went to middle school with me . 
  we looked somewhat similar , people thought we were twins . 
  he had some anger management issues . 
  he now goes to a fancy catholic high school that 's like 10 grand a year . 
  this one is obviously not canadian . 
  please , do n't remind me of those days, 
  nah morse code is the best, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , too true, 
  yeah , i feel that if i do n't take advantage of this situation , i will come to regret me not doing things when i did n't have to do anything . 
  the whole `` hold in to sixteen as long as you can '' is sorta pressuring me . 
  i feel like there is a story behind this ... 
  they do that ? 
  my k70 rgb does that . 
  it 's been like 2 years since i got it , though .
