  like ivy league sort of thing ? 
  nice gains , purple aki, 
  okay !, 
  thanks !, 
  my username is relevant !, 
  finally !, 
  will do !, 
  1127 thanks op !, 
  thanks op !, 
  i have played 5 for a while , and i want to know if ghandi is still a giant dick in 6 . 
  127 thanks op !, 
  has someone ever de-masked you and a kid saw ? 
  127 thanks op !, 
  127 thanks op !, 
  is that a new ui for steam downloads ? 
  i do n't seem to have that yet . 
  sure !, 
  that would be great !, 
  thanks op !, 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  how much space would be in one of those ? 
  oh my god yes !, 
  i used to play this on my dad 's pentium 4 dell in the basement !, 
  i would use our landlines to call my friend so that we could play together !, 
  whoa , my dad 's note 4 does the same thing !, 
  we 've tried everything to get it to stop shutting off at around 40 % . 
  has anybody fixed this ? 
  my friend got a phone from china and it does n't have support for google play , shows his data being sent to china , and has many sketchy looking apps that ca n't be uninstalled . 
  it 's huawei, 
  he said that it was cheap . 
  he spends 2-3 months in china with his relatives every year , so i dunno . 
  really good !, 
  but does the devil then go back to hell once he dies ? 
  yes , i have the msi gaming m5 z170 . 
  it does support m. 2, 
  nope , its empty, 
  `` i 'm here to look at hookers and launch airplanes , and i 'm all out of airplanes . '', 
  i just saw the episode of the simpsons where homer punches the guy who invented ticketmaster . 
  quality episode . 
  i think you mean her living room . 
  in my boy scout troop , i have seen many things . 
  a naked caillou doll , a framed john cena picture , a dirty old shoe , and just a toilet seat . 
  thanks op for giveaway !, 
  seven keychains are so cool !, 
  counting syllables is hard . 
  seven is a cool number . 
  i need to make seven lines . 
  each for one hundred thousand, 
  subscribers to this reddit !, 
  ordered an hd 598 plus a mod mic earlier today !, 
  will be a good upgrade from my logitech g35 !, 
  `` can we still be friends ? '', 
  by my previous literature teacher . 
  i have a friend named bruce we call spruce . 
  you should see how dumbfounded some people are when they think a guy is called spruce . 
  how is the us geological survey seem to know everything ? 
  do they have stations everywhere in the world , or do they compile all of the worldwide data into an accurate protection ? 
  thanks op !, 
  im not in the running for the card . 
  that 's what the leftover milk is . 
  i 'm still in high school but i can already say our popular girl is going to be a porn star . 
  instructions unclear , friendship stuck in ceiling fan . 
  i actually prefer surround sound . 
  whenever i walk anywhere alone , i can feel everybody 's glaring eyes on the back of my head . 
  `` what is he going to steal ? '', 
  `` did he just rape someone ? '', 
  `` that 's a nice shirt . 
  i wonder where he got that from . '', 
  all sexism . 
  also the selective service kinda sucks that only boys have to sign up . 
  or that anyone has to sign up at all . 
  i 'm in high school right now . 
  it 's like a minefield of trying to be social , but not come off creepy . 
  you could also be the worst pickup artist , but be hot , and still do better than another average looking guy that 's smooth as silk . 
  thank you i will always use this . 
  some people at my high school are real bitches . 
  yes frozen key line pie . 
  a thousand times this . 
  i went to key west a couple years back . 
  the frozen one was probably the best , out of the 10ish ones we tried . 
  11127 thanks op !, 
  only free thing on an airplane, 
  i want to alt-f4 myself . 
  i 've seen a 1440p at 165 hz at best buy at 1080p 60hz . 
  my friend has the corsair spec 01 , and the same cooler . 
  we built it together , and it was a really tight fit . 
  i think that it is somewhat rubbing on the case side , so i would be careful . 
  i save all of my voice-mails . 
  i do n't get voice-mails very often . 
  cities that exist . 
  and they say global warming is real !, 
  i now want to do this . 
  you heard it here first , folks . 
  u/seriousdrywallwork works for anonymous . 
  can confirm , am tyler falbo . 
  thank you for your suggestion, 
  that 's what anonymous wants you to think . 
  he 's playing the long con . 
  thanks op !, 
  thanks op !,
