  aww yeah i dropped a nalgene off a mountain we were declining and it was in perfect condition when we caught up with it . 
  what high adventures have you done ? 
  i just got back from philmont a few weeks ago . 
  2 years ago was my first time . 
  yeah i know some people who did seabase 1 year ago , they just fished a bit and chilled all week long . 
  i was planning on going to northern tier last year but too many other people dropped out . 
  i was going to go to sea base but i wanted to do that trek not just fishing, 
  so i have a note 5 with adhell , and i 'm thinking of getting an s8 + . 
  can i use smart switch to put adhell on that phone to disable bixby , or ca n't i ? 
  `` we do n't have money '' illinois, 
  i did n't even notice the bird at first , just the triforce, 
  be back by dinner , sweetie, 
  how tall is too tall ? 
  is 6 ' 1 '' too tall ? 
  hell yeah that episode was awesome . 
  there is a theater for sale for development for 3 mil in northeast illinois . 
  it is where marlon brando worked as a kid . 
  i hope it stays open ... 
  good bot, 
  when i first started a tribe , it randomly spawned in the water and everybody drowned, 
  yo abe is a flow god, 
  except the annexation of poland, 
  which one ? 
  i love 5 minutes from the gurnee il one . 
  awesome place, 
  a/s/l ? 
  my msi z170 board still has a ps/2 connector , it 's hailed as one of it 's features, 
  how big his dick is, 
  steampunk mario kart . 
  i love it, 
  some assembly required, 
  i was planning on getting the pixel 2 but apparently it wo n't have a headphone jack . 
  s8 + or v30 for me, 
  that is what all if the rumors have said for the past couple months . 
  i also use aux in the car so it 's a must for me . 
  the lg v30 has a nice dac with the headphone jack so that 's the way i 'm leaning now . 
  sorry man , maybe you can get a discounted pixel once the 2 is announced . 
  not as good as youtube chat . 
  still waiting for my google goggles messaging feature though, 
  good bot good bot good bot good bot good bot good bot good bot good bot good, 
  i just died a little inside, 
  this spring someone put a fleshlight in the boys bathroom . 
  good times ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  do n't think about the f-22 raptor , it does n't work, 
  yeah , make a few choice men breed with a ton of women , that sounds like real equality . 
  looks like i 'm not going to duke, 
  queen anne . 
  maria theresa . 
  catherine the great . 
  margaret thatcher . 
  only one reddit app ? 
  those are rookie numbers, 
  i feel like if they put it in the apple logo it would be awesome, 
  hell , just make the phone able to charge via headphone jack , like a few generations of ipod shuffle , and we can get rid of the usb-c port . 
  then use that space to fit 3 more jacks, 
  how come ? 
  i was expecting a bill joke, 
  most american thing ever . 
  `` guys we have too much cheese eat more of it . 
  can i pay you to eat more of it ? '', 
  aww yeah score, 
  awesome !, 
  my comment made it to a post on the front page !, 
  this comment is from r/mensrights , check it out sometime . 
  16 ... eh it 's alright, 
  most articles say that it is because queens had their husbands run the military , so you have someone always tending to the military , instead of one person doing it all . 
  also , i think it would be because kings do n't want to go to war , because they probably know that it 's hell , if they have fought before . 
  hey my comment !, 
  i 'm not seeing a difference , can you explain ? 
  yeah , but i think a word like `` thought police '' is a little too direct . 
  `` thinkpol '' is much better . 
  while we are at it , why not rename our departments of the government to ministries ? 
  also , give them sweet names , like love and truth , because then people will trust us . 
  yo how do they keep the fruit upside down , gravity is having a day off, 
  i can attest . 
  my att note 5 still gets pretty quick security updates . 
  about a month after they are released , but they usually skip every other month . 
  not bad for a 2 year old phone, 
  he was the person who was down voted to oblivion . 
  i would know , i was the one who responded to it . 
  he has been going after some of my comments, 
  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  rice 0/10, 
  rice with a side of rice 10/10, 
  this is just an incredible feat of engineering , opening a gaping hole in a boat and it not sinking . 
  so if a train was completely automated and a system failed , would it be possible for the passengers to be going off the rails on a crazy train ? 
  #can somebody pass the salt, 
  thats amazing . 
  even for the blue angels, 
  yep . 
  ah yes , kill the people that have revolutionized the world for the better . 
  bill gates , one of the guys that changed computers forever and has donated billions of dollars towards helping people less fortunate than him . 
  yeah , they want to kill him . 
  they probably wouldnt have been able to post that post on their electronic device without any hardware or software invented or based upon a microsoft product . 
  haha , i 've never used a condom and i do n't have any kids . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ive never had sex but that 's beyond the point, 
  `` can we still be friends '', 
  it 's a podcast about movies made by my old english teacher and his college friend . 
  pretty sure he browses reddit so i hope he sees this . 
  since humans are afraid of aliens , a superior species , and afraid of being captured , being tested , and bring put in false habitats , then monkeys and other animals must see us as some crazy alien race that took over the world .
