the snp 's whitepaper says they want to make it easy for students who studied in scotland to stay once they graduate and introduce a points based system for non-eu migrants ( part of this would encourage people to live in the depopulated areas of scotland ) . 
  a bit more pro eu than ruk , we have n't had nearly the same amount of immigration as england so there is n't the same backlash . 
  the snp want to encourage more immigration into an independent scotland to deal with our aging population . 
  [ i think all of our potential national anthems beat god save the queen . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_anthem_of_scotland ), 
  [ a unicorn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_lion_and_the_unicorn ), 
  this quote alone from a letter the countess sent to a friend in england shows her cruelty towards her and husband 's starving crofters . 
  `` scotch people are of happier constitution and do not fatten like the larger breed of animals '' . 
  although this suggests she did n't consider herself scottish despite being born in edinburgh which was probably fairly common for the scottish aristocracy of the time that spent most of their time in england . 
  whit a fousome fremmit leid , a 'd raither speik the leid of the poncy frensh or the bruitish erse . 
  scots ( lallans in particula ) an the tither hand is for makars and sodgers , its a shame that its regairded 's slang an jist a dialect a the suthron leid . 
  its funny that since we do n't have an official anthem that its changed over the years , with scotland the brave being used before flower of scotland . 
  [ if we ever need to decide on an official one we got a few to choose from . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_anthem_of_scotland ), 
  aye pretty much , the snp actually has quite alot of republicans within their ranks so i ca n't imagine the issue staying quiet if independence is achieved . 
  thats correct the snp intend to keep the queen in a similar to manner the other commonwealth countries , however other independence supporting parties like the greens want a republic . 
  the reason seems to be that while you do n't get as many massive monarchists in scotland as you do in england , queen elizabeth is still well liked so it would have been unwise for the snp to take a republican stance as it might put some off independence as is there not large enough support for a republic . 
  [ taps oan sadly . 
  ] ( http://www.taps-aff.co.uk ), 
  its interesting that you call what we know as the scottish wars of independence the scottish revolution . 
  they do n't restructure it because almost none of us want a uk team , even the english who would dominate a uk team are largely against it . 
  to be fair the reason we do n't support england is that almost our media is based in england so during the world cup all we ever hear about is the england team , if you guys were to win it would be insufferable . 
  also while you may not consider us your greatest football rivals , you are ours and we are n't going to support our greatest rivals . 
  its mea n't to represent african/black people in general . 
  the uk government signed an agreement to respect the outcome of the referendum , i 'm not sure how legally binding it is but it would be impractical for them to go against the vote . 
  damn , just damn . 
  in regards to our drop out rates , i would n't think they are unusually high . 
  that means we are number one , deal with ireland !, 
  i wonder if there is any significant differences between scotland and the ruk due to the free tutition fees . 
  most similar : tacoma , spokane , boise least similar : washington dc , dallas , new orleans the least similar ones seems about right but i have never heard of any of the places whose dialect i 'm supposedly similar to . 
  any americans know if those dialects sound anything like an accent from the west coast of scotland in the central belt . 
  i 'm would go back in time to the mid 18th century in scotland and try to hang out with the prominent members of the [ scottish enlightenment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_enlightenment ) , because who would n't want to meet some of the greatest thinkers their country has ever produced . 
  lots of other important things also happened in scottish history in that time which is a bonus . 
  ye if we are doing this everyone in northern europe could ask the norwegians for their oil fund as compensation for all the viking raids we had to put up with . 
  it says `` on the 16th of march we choose '', 
  well in scotland we are having a democratic debate in a stable country over whether to become independent via referendum amongst ourselves , and this has been happening for over a year now . 
  compare this to crimea where the parliament declared its succession in an incredibly unstable political climate without much of a debate , while also occupied by russian troops . 
  i do n't think people believe that crimea should n't have the right to secede but that it should n't be done in the way that it is being done currently . 
  muslims have been on this continent fairly continuously since about 700ad so if our continent truly has become crap it was n't because of them . 
  i tend to prefer mainly british tv with the odd american one because they have the budget to makes shows the uk ca n't . 
  on a side note i wish there was a bit more programming from scotland because its a bit sad that there is only a few scottish shows that come to mind with most of then being sketch shows . 
  the tories said something similar in 1979 . 
  i 'm doubtful that we will get any meaningful devolution from labour or the conservative because even if their scottish branches were in favour of devo-max their back benchers in england are not and will not vote to give scotland more powers . 
  there is also been talk by prominent people in both parties about abolishing the barnett formula amongst other things . 
  happy burns night to you to . 
  come on it 'll be grand . 
  this is fairly anecdotal but i would say that for the majority of the thatcher era support for independence was n't particularly high due to most scottish people feeling some sort of solidarity with the working class in the rest of the uk . 
  however things like the early introduction of the poll tax in scotland which was massively unpopular and how it was seemed to only be repealed when it proved unpopular in england probably helped create support for devolution and increase those feeling more or only scottish than british . 
  [ scotland has clootie dumplings which may not look great but taste great and can even be fried along with a fry-up in the morning . 
  [ i 've always thought the edinburgh skyline was nice . 
  ] ( http://images.nationalgeographic.com/wpf/media-live/photos/000/090/cache/edinburgh-skyline_9063_600x450.jpg ), 
  it generally tended to be catholics and some other branches of protestantism other than the church of scotland that supported the jacobites . 
  ye i 'm just taking it more as a question of citizenship as i consider myself scottish but i 'm a british citizen . 
  making it a federal system with each country having its own parliament with a reasonable amount of powers would also help solve the problem of a capital . 
  a celtic union would also have a nice balance since there are 2 large gaelicish nations ( scotland and ireland ) , two large brythonicish nations ( wales and brittany ) and a smaller one for each of the two groups ( cornwall and the isle of mann ) . 
  one of the groups that support mercian independence want to introduce things like pagan priestesses to offer advice to citizens and have all local council meetings in the local pub so they 're not all bad . 
  scotland : celtic union with the irish , bretons , manx , cornish and the welsh ; we could drink any other union under the table . 
  nemo me impune lacessit is n't the motto , scottish heraldry is slightly different and the motto is always at the top . 
  the actual motto is in defens god me defend . 
  you could also maybe include wales as i think the likelyhood of them going independent increases by quite a bit if scotland chooses independence . 
  well one of our languages is scots which is pretty similar to english ; most of us speak english with scots words and pronounciations however this is sometimes thought of as slang and common . 
  i personally would like for scots to be amalgamated into the english we are taught in schools as it is probably the more practical option than changing to scots completely . 
  if we are basing it on such arbitrary thinking , i could argue that the bank of england is scottish since its founder was a scot . 
  referenda in britain are n't binding but i think most governments would probably honour the results of one ; an example of this is how the uk government has promised to honour the results of the independence referendum as part of the edinburgh agreement . 
  [ cornwall ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cornwall#self-rule_movement ), 
  welsh people tend to just want more autonomy , however some do hold the goal of eventually gaining independence with [ plaid cymru ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plaid_cymru ) representing this view . 
  he picked 1871 as that was the year germany was unified . 
  luckily the scottish education system is completely separate from england so the conservatives ca n't impose this on us . 
  [ we call it the west lothian question ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_lothian_question ), 
  well about 1 % of scotland 's populations speaks gaelic , with half of the speakers living in the outer hebrides in the north of scotland despite this you still find gaelic signs in the lowlands . 
  gaelic is still spoken by about 70,000 people and after centuries of abuse it might actually be starting to recover . 
  scots on the otherhand may not have been the literary language of scotland since the 18th century but it was still pretty much the spoken language till about 60/70 years ago and it is only recently that it has began to fade due to it being seen as common and slang . 
  cultures may change but mine is being assimilated . 
  but a language is more than what you speak , it is the way in which you view the world and gives you a different perspective and by losing the characteristics of our accent and our languages we are losing that part of who we are . 
  its probably due to most tv shows either being from america or london and with there being very little scottish tv shows we are n't as protected other countries . 
  there is definitly renewed interest in it and [ if this happens there will most likely be a major comeback . 
  ] ( http://www.scotsman.com/news/education/plan-to-teach-gaelic-in-every-scots-primary-school-1-3026548 ), 
  i disagree , i think its wrong that scots has been allowed to decline since its an important part of our culture and who we are and if we had been taught scots , learning english would have been simple considering the languages are mutually intelligible . 
  spoken scots is slowly becoming more anglicised as it has been for the last 300 years or so , but gaelic seems to be stabilising probably due to all the support its been getting . 
  the chip shops just coexist ; they even incorporated some of the new things with chippys in scotland offering deepfried hamburger and pizza suppers . 
  it will pass rather easily considering 89 of the 129 msps support gay marriage . 
  in scotland there is an emphasis on the scottish wars of independence , the highland clearances in primary school due to them being defining moments of our history and national indentity . 
  in high school , schools get to choose from a group of topics to teach that tend to focus on how life in scotland changed during the 18th , 19th and early 20th century ( politics , industrialisation , living conditions , suffrage and immigration ) ; not much on the actual british empire though . 
  high schools can also have a more indepth look at the scottish wars of independence and how ww1 affected scotland on the front and at home as we were one of the countries most affected by the war which greatly defined the current scottish indentity . 
  unlike in england there is little focus on the birtish empire and while we do talk about britain overall : i think it is good we focus on the important parts of our own history and how things affected us . 
  how come scottish , welsh and english are n't separate nationalities , the whole point of the uk is that its 3/4 nations joined into one state . 
  the only difference between a language and a dialect , is that a language has an army . 
  we do love the french . 
  no the highland clearances were at the end of the 18th through to the 19th century and the majority of people from scotland who moved to ulster as part of the plantation were from the borders of scotland . 
  if they were from ulster its probably something to do with the ulster plantations in which during the 17th century people from england and scotland were given land confiscated from the irish to try and prevent rebellion through assimilation, 
  i went to the glasgow mosque in primary school but to be fair we also visited the local catholic church and hindu temple . 
  not really , our upper classes adopted english so as to better fit in with their southern counterparts , so when a proper education system was implemented scots was seen as being lower class and not worthy of being taught . 
  in a union there will always be pressure to conform to the majority . 
  scots was disappearing way before globalization with most of our upper classes and intellectuals from 1707 onward making sure not to speak scots and taking lessons on how to sound english so as best to fit in with their peers in england . 
  gaelic may been crushed by the sword due the jacobite rebellions but scots was not . 
  scots was destroyed by the union as it meant all governance and administration had to be done in english as well as all education being done in english with children being discouraged for not speaking the queen 's english . 
  also the actually unification was not democratic as the majority of scots opposed , with riots taking place in response to it , the real reason behind the unification was that our nobles who made the decision did it for money or were bribed . 
  a lot of scottish culture has been lost due to being in a union with england , before the union scottish people either spoke scots or gaelic now we all speak english . 
  scots has died out as a written language with its influence only being left in the way in which we speak scottish english , however these influences have also been fading due to scots being seen as slang and the language of the lower class . 
  there is also only 50,000 gaelic speakers left with the majority being elderly .
