that makes the situation much more understandable . 
  they propably do n't identify as turks since they have never lived there . 
  yes , this is exactly what i meant . 
  were they belgians of turkish decent ? 
  that might make a difference . 
  this sub deals with everything related to europe , as it is defined geographically ( reaching to the ural ) , which means that countries like switzerland and turkey ( having 3 % on european soil ) are included as well despite not being in the eu . 
  i 'm not completely familiar with the situation in turkey , but the title of this post definitely carries an implication . 
  if we compare said ` palace ' to the kanzleramt ( ministry of the chancellor , which also acts as angela merkel 's home ) in berlin , there is not that much of a difference . 
  the kanzleramt cost roughly 290m $ in 2001 , which is in the same order of magnitude as erdo\u011fan 's ` palace ' . 
  their function is basically identical , yet one gets called a palace and one gets called a ministry building . 
  just something to keep in mind . 
  after 1938 he was . 
   also the bremen flag looks like bacon , so there 's that it 's also called ` bacon flag ' ( speckflagge ) . 
  and i 'm bored . 
  that was n't criticism on my part . 
  i think in the german version he is really called ` jon schnee ' . 
  thank you for that comment . 
  i always hate the usual ` germans are stupid and ignorant about nuclear power , literally hitler against nature because nuclear power is so environmentally friendly ' one-sided crap you read on here . 
  nowadays people seem to forget that there are other aspects of enviromental protection than climate . 
  to elaborate on this , here 's some copypasta of an earlier post of mine :  for me , the issue is not neccessarily worries about exploding nuclear power plants , but what to do with the nuclear waste . 
  there have already been [ huge problems with the disposal ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schacht_asse_ii ) in germany in the past , and despite decades of fission-based power plants nobody has figured out yet where to permanently dispose of it [ \\ ( although the search has been going on for decades as well \\ ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gorleben_salt_dome ) . 
  germany is one of the most technologically advanced countries in the world . 
  i have doubts that other nations have less problems with this issue . 
  the thing is , a solution for final disposal of nuclear waste has to bear up for at least a couple of thousands of years . 
  imagine there had been nuclear power plants in the bronze age . 
  i do n't think these would have been maintained for that long . 
  consider that what we do now will have consequences for many , many generations . 
  just imagine wars break out in the centuries to come - not really unthinkable , is it ? 
  who would guarantee for the maintenance of said disposal sites ? 
  i agree that coal is a very bad solution for this problem , but alternative solutions do exist ( wind , solar , water , tidal , fusion ( * one day hopefully , go iter !, 
  * ) power etc ) although most of them need to be heavily improved when it comes to efficiency and cost . 
  mmmh , that 's odd . 
  nothing like this to be seen here . 
  to be honest i was under the impression that nobody really gave a fuck ( except for the usual media hype ) . 
  a couple of years ago i did an interrail tour ( it 's a train ticket for all of europe basically ) with some of my friends and tried to go from italy ( trieste ) to slovenia . 
  it seems that the only ( ! ), 
  train between these bordering countries was a night train that ultimately went to budapest . 
  we would have arrived in ljubljana at around 2 pm when all the youth hostels were closed , so we decided against it . 
  it 's really a shame , i was thrilled to go to slovenia . 
  hey guys , this one is in on the conspiracy !, 
  racism against roma seems to be an accepted form of racism in europe . 
  ` it 's not racist if it 's true !!, 
   joerg haider why do you like him ? 
  i disagree with you about that . 
  if that was the case , no new law would have been passed for the last year + , as the bundesrat has been predominantly in the hand of the opposition of the government . 
  also , virtually all of the big bills of the last few years were passed by both the opposition both by the opposition and the government ( agenda 2010 , loans to greece etc. 
  the coalitions do n't change anything about that . 
  with a coalition of cdu + spd : if cdu and spd agree on a change of the constitution , they can change it . 
  without a coalition of cdu + spd : if cdu and spd agree on a change of the constitution , they can change it . 
  how so ? 
  i think it 's nothing laughable . 
  for me , the issue is not neccessarily worries about exploding nuclear power plants , but what to do with the nuclear waste . 
  there have already been [ huge problems ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schacht_asse_ii ) with the disposal in germany in the past , and despite decades of fission-based power plants nobody has figured out yet where to permanently dispose of it ( although the search has been going on [ for decades ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gorleben_salt_dome ) as well ) . 
  germany is one of the most technologically advanced countries in the world . 
  i have doubts that other nations have less problems with this issue . 
  the thing is , a solution for final disposal of nuclear waste has to bear up for at least a couple of thousands of years . 
  imagine there had been nuclear power plants in the bronze age . 
  do you think these would have been maintained for that long ? 
  consider that what we do now will have consequences for many , many generations . 
  while i agree that increasing the use of coal and gas is not an acceptable solution to the issue of the rising need for energy , i would wish for alternatives other than fission . 
  luckily , we have these alternatives already ( wind power etc. ) . 
  their problems are mainly financial ones ( technical as well ) and are discussed in the original post . 
  actually , ` guten tag ' can also be used as ` goodbye ' , meaning that you wish for somebody to have a good rest of the day . 
  but it 's more common as a greeting formula . 
  which value system contains rape and forced prostitution again ? 
  shit . 
  i guess that happens when you value form over function ... in things that can collapse and kill people . 
  of course that was tongue-in-cheek . 
  but some things were so amateurishly done that it almost feels like a scene form a monty python sketch . 
  the fire alarm system for example did n't work properly ( there was no telling where exactly a fire took place ) , so for some time the proposed workaround was to have people standing around every few meters , equipped with a cell phone , in order to call the fire department when they saw a fire break out . 
  how hard can building an airport be ??? 
  it 's a fucking hall next to a wide street . 
  that 's a lot of disfunctional microwaves . 
  do you have more info on this ? 
   but this is the internet so you do n't have to believe it . 
  lucky me . 
  the muslims ' names ? 
  albert einstein . 
  which is exactly what i wrote . 
  as i said , the quoted police report says that the employees were * threatened * with pepper spray and a machete , while the article and the reddit post clearly state that they were * attacked * with the machete and pepper spray . 
  edit : the reactions to what i wrote are symptomatic of / r/europe recently . 
  what i wrote is irrefutably factual information , no opinion was uttered and yet this is still downvoted because it does n't support the popular narrative in this thread . 
  the police report in the article says nothing about an attack with pepper spray and a machete , only that the two asylum seekers used these to threaten the cashier . 
  yet the article and this reddit post incorrectly state that they attacked the cashier with pepper spray and a machete . 
  does that happen often ? 
  last time i was in budapest ( 2009 i think ) all the streets adjacent to the danube were completely under water . 
  no , the official mission was to prevent saddam hussein from using his many weapons of mass destruction against america . 
  bringing democracy to iraq was just the cherry on top . 
  turbo teen !, 
  okay , the next one needs to be doctor snuggles . 
  the craziest show in existence . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyk29a6rnra featuring peter ustinov . 
  that 'll make it much easier for the layman to understand . 
  not gigawatt per hour , but gigawatt hour , so a power of 1 gw for an hour . 
  gw is a unit of energy per time , whereas gwh is a unit of energy . 
  think of gw as speed like mph and gwh as a distance like miles . 
  by now i 've come to the conclusion that he is absolutely [ insane . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xpgii46fcdu ), 
  you 're making it look like i 'm making an argument for a russian invasion of the ukraine , which i am not . 
  i 'm completely against it , so do n't pretend otherwise .
