  that is one cultural trend that i have never understood . 
  the entire japanese obsession in the west ( cartoons , films , games etc etc ) has always struck me as weird and borderline perverse . 
  it would be paternalistic , soft pats on the back , and a condescending ` you just try your best !, 
  ' ... all while getting paid less . 
  i have asked this question again and again . 
  not once did i find an adequate answer . 
  did dylan moran coin that or did he pick it up from some where else ? 
  your link is an actual straight up documentary . 
  i thought i should warn you , mine is a drama concerning the relationship of blair and clinton during the time period . 
  many issues are covered but the kosovo incident is covered only from the personal/political perspective of clinton and blair . 
  the story is historically accurate but will only shed light on what was happening in the uk and us building up to the conflict ( no real insight into what was going down in serbia or kosovo - just wanted to make that clear ) . 
  thanks for the link though !, 
  totally off topic . . did you ever see hbo 's production of `` the special relationship '' ? 
  real interesting drama concerning tony blair and bill clinton 's relationship during the kosovo incident ( and many other things ) . 
  just watched it the other day and then read your comment , just fyi , if your interested it was an engaging film . 
  totally guessing here , europeans do not typically use chewing tobacco . 
  i think a lot of guys we 're talking about here quit chewing tobacco and use gum as a replacement . 
  really ? 
  i thought it was sam harris . 
  afleck seems like a weird choice to be spreading that . 
  wow , the term ` regressive left ' really caught on fast did n't it . 
  i 'm happy it did catch , it just dawned on me how fast that spread around the west . 
  looks like they ruled on it . 
  `` requiring people to claim all income does not violate one 's right to remain silent , although the privilege may apply to allow the person to refrain from revealing the source of the income '' . . 
  so i guess the feds just have to find some money that was n't claimed ( illegally gained or not ) and take their share . 
  is this common in other parts of the world ? 
  i always found a bit of humor in the idea that the gov. 
  will arrest you for drug dealing and then the irs will demand their cut of the illegal earnings . 
  which of these enlightened strains of modern islamic culture/faith would you raise your daughters in ? 
  usher your sons into ? 
  broadcast to the world as a path of progress and knowledge ? 
  edit - i do n't mean to sound harsh . 
  my heart does go out to everyone being affected by this but the truth is obvious . 
  it is dishonest to compare the two . 
  a handful of abortion clinic attacks in the span of 40 years can not be compared to the murder of thousands upon thousands and the degradation and retarded growth of millions . 
  ok , let 's be honest . 
  it is intellectually dishonest to imply modern islam is on par with other modern faiths . 
  modern islam is demonstratively far more corrosive and detrimental to human happiness than any modern mainstream belief system . 
  lumping them all together is a cop out . 
  edit - word, 
  k-i-s-s-i-n ... * boom *, 
  well , this 46 % has no interest in protecting the ` honor ' of religion . 
  they are afraid of being killed . 
  this is , without question , a perfect example of bigotry by way of lowered expectation . 
  implication being , muslims are so stupid and incapable of civilized behavior we need to censor ourselves to protect * them * from killing * us * ... wrap your brain around that logic . 
  it 's a funny problem that arises when countries are defined by ethnic groups ( like in most of europe ) . 
  a swede is a swede in the same way a cherokee is a cherokee . 
  i can live in cherokee nation , but no one would * ever * call me a cherokee . 
  way it goes . 
  does anyone have any actual level headed explanation for berlins behavior in all this shit ? 
  what is their end game here ? 
  edit - i am not being flippant , i sincerely want to understand their rationale and long term plan . 
  in a region as small as ni it is hard for me to understand how the police do not know * exactly * who these men are . 
  are they still being protected somehow ? 
  just wanted to give kudos for a great question . 
  i 'm am going to be thinking of this for the next few days while i think and move about . 
  not only about my own rural section of country , but others around the world as well . 
  thank you . 
  edit - flimsy screen doors opening and closing , and crickets in the summer and strong/intimidating wind in the distance for winter . 
  for whatever reason i always had a soft spot for father [ jerzy p. ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jerzy_popie%c5%82uszko ), 
  i honestly think this qualifies as the worst political proposition i 've come across in the last few years ... do regular fn supporters back this or is it just le pen ? 
  so what exactly is the visa situation ? 
  poles are not allowed to come and go like other w. europeans , or is it more strict ? 
  so this epic act of espionage amounted to convincing a few dudes to text them updates ? 
  eu security meetings being foiled by the * joooos * and their sneaky * joooo * tricks / s. 
  sounds like israel is the only actor in this scenario showing competent leadership . 
  given the emotional state of the population ( left and right ) i am surprised we are not seeing this happen more and more ( especially on the local and state level ) . 
  when space travel actually becomes cheap and practical we very well may see diasporas like the one you described . 
  i never thought of that before . . 
  it 's funny because i 've never once heard someone complaining about polish immigrants ( legal or otherwise ) . 
  even in chicago ( new krakow j/k ) , no one gives a shit . 
  small question , what does `` pro immigration '' mean to you ? 
  that term is so loaded with euphemism i honestly do n't know what this sub is talking about when it is used . 
  edit - wording, 
  i think collective european self loathing and white/wwii guilt pretty much cover all the bases . 
  no one is organizing this . 
  it is large scale self flagellation . 
  the truth in this statement should not be underestimated . 
  i have not meant a single person who is not just astonished at the willful ignorance and disregard on behalf of government ( s ) concerning the current situation . 
  jesus forgot to mention the lutefisk . 
  lutefisk for eternity . 
  wait ... 
  i know arabs have a knack for conspiracy theory and bombastic nonsense but do they really believe it ? 
  is that just frustration and fear bubbling over or is it an actual belief ? 
  you are right . 
  isis is operating under pretty sound islamic teachings and law . 
  heck , from my perspective , their not doing anything muhammad himself did not do . 
  1500 years from now someone is going to find this and think something awful happened to civilization in the early 2000s . 
  what are the hurdles to coordinating a unified response ? 
  i 've never really understood what the hang ups are . 
  neither here nor there , but in the late 90 's i grew up in rural nebraska next to a little town founded by swedes called , no surprise , malmo . 
  it has about 100-300 people and even its own little country school that taught grades 1-6 in the same room . 
  it was a quintessential example of modern day little house on the prairie ... two places , one founded in commemoration of the other , founded by the same ethnic group , same religion , and yet still could not have found their destinies any more different . 
  just something interesting to think about . 
  out of curiosity , is there any international law authorizing what would be tantamount to colonization ? 
  is there literally no one else in europe that manufactures goddamn barbed wire ? 
  is n't the sheriff of dallas county a five foot four , latino , lesbian ? 
  that 's not a bad joke , i 'm serious . 
  ireland has quotas for women in politics ? 
  how do you install quotas on elected offices ?
