if you are the don of a mafia state , in the ruins of an empire , and have a tenuous grip on power ... that is exactly the world you want to live in . 
  you are right on all counts ( morally and logically ) . 
  sorry to bring it up , but where did you come across the term ` lickspittle ' ? 
  i guess it must be british in origin . 
  i thought only americans in the southern states used that term around the turn of the 20th century . 
  i think i am even more confused than before . 
  if you do not mind , could explain their thought process ? 
  the folks who may even fancy russia , i mean . 
  i can not for the life of me understand how someone could look at the eu then at russia and prefer russia . 
  what am i missing here ? 
  admittedly , i am sitting in the cheap seats of the diaspora but from where i am sitting they do not strike me as the biggest problem . 
  they need to be addressed , without a doubt , but i would be more concerned about the folks ( probably in the thousands ) who may not actually fight but believe in - and may even give tacit support - for those who do . 
  it sounds cliche now but the ` jihadist narrative ' is believed by countless people throughout europe and the world . 
  2000 or so actual fighters seems like a drop in the bucket when compared to the numbers who actually support the ideology . 
  small point - given everything that has happened in the last 15-20 years , i do n't think someone could be considered racist/bigoted if they have doubts about any sizable muslim population being capable of playing along with anyone in a civilized way . 
  all of the evidence seems to be to the contrary ... 
  sadly , it looks like common sense rather than bigotry . 
  ps - always keep the dialogue open but , `` fool me once ... '', 
  how would that work exactly ? 
  just have the games scattered around the country ? 
  one in la another in minneapolis another in miami etc etc ? 
  people tend to travel from stadium to stadium , right ? 
  not to harp but i think spain got off pretty damn easy in relation to the colonization of the americas ( do n't feel weird though , portugal got away clean as a whistle too ) . 
  you are exactly correct in my opinion . 
  religious conservatism , in a lot of cases , is simply a scapegoat ( differing degrees of blame in each place ) . 
  i think deep down people are familiar with these ghetto/gangsta attitudes but are far to uncomfortable to actually point them out . 
  a lot of perverse racial attitudes/politics are to blame for this . 
  the comment was tongue in cheek but i 'll give it a go . . 
  i wrote a long winded answer but i 'll just keep it short and sweet . 
  most every immigrant group assimilates fine . 
  no problems whatsoever with indian , chinese , south american , eastern european etc etc. 
  the responsibility of assimilation is not on the shoulders of the state . 
  their responsibility is making informed decisions about which cultures will assimilate and what cultures will not ( immigration policy is what should be looked at here ) . 
  '' . . temporary housing , maybe communal ... alternate days between working and learning ... deprogram and integrate . . '' it sounds like a plan to train your dog . 
  in all honesty , i think you really need to evaluate how you view race and culture . 
  you seem to have a very academic/ideological stance on this subject that is much better understood through experience . 
  sorry but this is asinine . 
  at least in the american context . 
  cultural differences grew up and solidified along mainly racial lines ( the black/white divide being the most obvious ) . 
  it is not racist to simply acknowledge reality . 
  i think there is an ocean of difference between the kind of immigrants that land in canada and the kind that land in europe . 
  it is easy to be pro-immigrant if the majority of your immigrants have ph ds ( exaggeration , i know ) . 
  maybe we could just * tell * them allah signed it ... `` you play nice !, 
  i 'll forget everything in this thread a day from now but i 'll remember that little bit of info from here on out . 
  thanks . 
  it is a strange thing that survives in the middle east . 
  i 've never understood the durability of the whole ` brotherhood of muslims ' mantra . 
  if the last few hundred years are any indication that ` brotherhood ' is built on a foundation of abuse , exploitation , and downright hatred . 
  when it comes to italy i was guessing licio gelli and his p2 mason 's lodge . 
  why that story has not been made into a movie is beyond me . 
  it has nazis , the mafia , massive conspiracy , murder , closet fascists , shadow government , and the vatican is the icing on the cake !, 
  ( plus heavy involvement in the terrorism you mentioned ) . 
  i think being staunchly ` anti islamist ' or passively anti islam is the common-sense de facto setting at this point . 
  not saying it is right or wrong , just saying . 
  if he does meet your criteria he is not at all in the minority . 
  * edit * double edit, 
  it is a real tragedy when you think how closely persian culture/worldview is in sync with run-of-the-mill western thought and practice . 
  history will be scratching its head wondering why this was not solved sooner ( grand ayatollah or not ) . 
  even though jones is a joke ( even to his listeners imo ) i 'm still scared his craziness is going to get someone killed . 
  i would say only in the upper midwest . 
  minnesota/wisconsin/east dakota voices are - ridiculously - scandinavian ... 
  but i 'm no linguist for the overall comparison . 
  just a side , i 've noticed with many scandinavians that their accent will seem so slight that , for a second or two , you 're not sure if you are speaking to a scandinavian or an american with a speech impediment/hearing impairment ( or worse ) . 
  do you mean english learners purposefully adopt an american accent or they just naturally pick it up because of media ? 
  i 've never heard of this before . 
  can you illuminate that a bit ? 
  i 'm struggling to understand how anyone , in the first world at least , could honestly harbor any pro-russian sentiments . 
  is it a well thought out opinion or is it just a way to channel anger ? 
  all joking aside , does anyone know where exactly ( if anywhere ) this stereotype started ? 
  why is it so well known ? 
  on the one hand i understand that perfectly ... on the other hand i 'm horrified by how this mindset is so unnatural , vapid , selfish , hopeless , arrogant , and fear driven but still kind of makes sense to us . 
  edit - not picking on you , i sympathize . 
  but i can not honestly defend that mindset . 
  that is a simple , surprisingly honest and straightforward answer . 
  ... you all know who glenn beck is ? ... 
  shit ... that 's depressing . 
  ireland 's tourism industry is all ready pretty damn good ... 
  this would mean a lot of new money coming in . 
  have the mayor of dublin call up the mayor of denver and let the good news flow . 
  `` douring communist period '' ... 
  perfect . 
  i 'm stealing this . 
  who constitutes ` anglosaxon ' in your view ? 
  edit - not being a dick , just curious, 
  thank you . 
  i guess the twilight zone level gender politics , heavily repressed racism , white ( nordic ) savior complex ... all of that is grounded in arrogance ( or a deep sense of superiority ) . 
  but look , every group has its own bullshit , my original comment was tongue in cheek - heavy on opinion and not meant with malice . 
  oh , i totally agree . 
  i thought the anti german reunification guy won this thread but i think you just stole the trophy . 
  if it makes you feel any better nothing in the west turns my stomach more than the truly deep seated arrogance and reality-bending ` progressive ' thought processes of the nordics ( finland aside ) ... just saying , not everyone drank the kool aid . 
  in all honesty , i want to understand how ole ' vlad understands reality ... 
  i think the vikings committed far far worse crimes than just being ` rapists ' ... 
  better to be the proud ` failed pupil ' rather than the ` we 're better than bulgaria !! ', 
  i had max in mind but laughed when you actually mentioned him . . 
  totally off topic , how is joan of arc treated/represented in modern france ( hero/folk tale/feminist icon etc etc ) ? 
  i 've always wondered and do not really have access to any french folks here in north dakota . 
  judgemental ? 
  some would call that simple honesty . 
  i guess i was hinting more at japanese culture as a whole . 
  i never really saw what intrigued people so much .
