i agree with this . 
  you live in a country you learn the damn language . 
  how else are you going to integrate with that society and not end up creating a gazillion little ghettos of various languages . 
  i really do n't think its too much to ask for someone who wants to immigrate to learn the language well enough to communicate with the people living in the country . 
  just to point this out , this is about immigrants , the ones that applied to come and usually should have some kind of qualification to be allowed in . 
  refugees are protected by eu law and as everyone should be aware eu law breaks country law breaks state law breaks regional law ( this is why some states still have the death penalty since there is no real reason to bother getting rid of it since country law outlawed it which breaks the state law ) so yeah this pretty much applies to people who did n't flee to europe but who asked to come here for whatever personal reason . 
  for some random complaining , i just took the `` german citizen test '' i passed it and most questions are pretty easy though some questions are a bit pointless . 
  example : why the hell should anyone know which country the first immigrants to germany came from ( perently thats italy ) . 
  and the questions about freedom of speech suck balls . 
  since more than 1 of those have multiple correct answers but only 1 of the answers is considered correct and its not general statements its specific cases which is just meh . 
  but then the test only requires that you answer 17 out of 33 questions correctly . 
  which you should have no problem with if you read the wikipedia article on germany ( seriously i 'm pretty sure every randomly selected question is answered by the wikipedia entry on germany ) . 
  depends what you do for a living . 
  there 's clearly plenty of choices for working on sundays . 
  i actually plan on working a bunch of hours today since its the last of the month and i would n't mind throwing a couple more hours on invoice . 
  but then i work as a contractor and nobody cares at what time or day i work . 
  i 'd word it more like : `` what health effects does working regularly at nights have '' that way the question does n't start implying a negative effect but a neutral one . 
  feel free to ask the question ( and send me a link ) but i doubt i 'll get involved much . 
  i kinda do n't really care . 
  i worked at nights and sometimes still do ( when i feel like working during the night so nobody bothers me ) without negative effects . 
  i do n't buy most of that . 
  i can accept mood issues , if you sleep to long and do n't experience any sunlight at all . 
  obesity is def . 
  not caused by shift work thats caused at best by the laziness shift work may cause . 
  work all night go to bed when the sun comes up and then when you get up are too lazy to do anything before going back o work . 
  especially not cancer . 
  there is no way this could be researched in a clinical trial avoiding the regular causes for cancer . 
  general tip : do n't buy anything thats on webmd , there is a reason why doctors and medically relevant institutes/governments and whatnot point out that the content on webmd is not written by doctors or any kind of verification on who wrote the content . 
  hell even google qualifies webmd as untrustworthy when it comes to the content . 
  main issue with webmd , it will state `` research shows '' or `` some trials '' but it will never actually cite any trials or research where one could look it up ( not even paywall results ) . 
  this one on the last page even points out that this `` study '' was done with 10 people and the author even points out that this study does n't say anything . 
  actual quote from webmd on this entry by the lead scientist on the study : `` a small laboratory experiment ca n't fully reflect what 's happening to actual shift workers . 
  it 's also possible that some of these health effects might improve as people get used to shift work . 
  on the other hand , it 's also possible that these effects would just worsen over time . 
  for now , we do n't know . '', 
  also if you look around on webmd pretty much everything on symptom on webmd results in you having cancer . 
  seriously webmd is one of the worst sources for medical info ever . 
  wikipedia has better standards on medical content than webmd ( and wikipedia also is n't considered an acceptable source for medical info ) and final point : this study is about shift work not night time work . 
  not really . 
  if night shifts had such bad health effects we would n't allow night work . 
  yet police , hospitals , restaurants , firefighters and so on are all very much allowed to work at night . 
  the only important thing is that you do n't go flip flopping all over the place . 
  either work nights or days not both in a constant switching . 
  its way less about what time of day you work compared to for how long . 
  makes a huge difference if you do a 6-8 hour shift or a 72 hour shift ( with `` bereitschaft '' in between ), 
  not really sure why that would make a difference though . 
  their achievements are n't worth more or less depending on how they paid for it . 
  probably worth noting that studying here is damn cheap at the absolute worst you pay 1500 $ a year in tuition ( more likely is that you pay 500 a year and that includes free public transport ) and you get a flatrate health insurance fee of 77 , something $ ( think its 90 cent or so ) . 
  a years worth of health insurance is under 1k and on campus you 're already insured through campus . 
  you really only have to pay for food and a place to live which you can totally do with 500 bucks a month ( just get roommates and you pay very little rent ) and making 500 bucks on the side means a mini job where you work like maybe 30 hours or so a month . 
  ( biggest issue here might be the student visa , i 'm not sure if you are allowed to work on a student visa ) that lady is way overpaying for her place though , munich 's expensive but 1.5 k $ for a 25-30 m \u00b2 appartment is a complete rip off ( even if its in a good area ) . 
  should n't be much of a problem to get a place of that size for half of that . 
  why should it be worse for them ? 
  makes no difference if you work in a store from 8 am to 8 pm or if you do the night shift from 8 pm to 8 am . 
  i 've done night shifts ( not in a supermarket though ) but its not a big deal . 
  there 's a few reasons to do shopping in the middle of the night though . 
  1 . you are completely drunk and now want icecream or cookies or whatever ( seriously middle of the night is where the drunk and weirdos come out , its really entertaining ) 2 . no lines at 3 am . 
  there will be nobody else there you can do all your shopping without screaming kids or slowpokes who just stand in front of a shelf and do n't move . 
  trying to channel their inner spirit animal or something to try and decide which brand of cornflakes they should buy . 
  3 . register is always empty 4 . the employee at the register just wants you out of the store so they can go back to doing whatever they did before so there wo n't be any small talk reasons to work in the middle of the night : 1 . no customers , you might have to sell stuff to 3-4 people in an hour when you normally have to do that in 5 minutes . 
  2 . you can just bring a laptop/cellphone and dick around the internet all night long arguing on reddit about something . 
  or comment on peoples shitty spelling 3 . you meet some really entertaining insane people ( seriously this is awesome if you are male and able to defend yourself against touchy crazy ( male because way less touchy crazy ) ) 4 . you get more money at night . 
  night shift usually pays between 15-25 % more than day shift . 
  so yeah you do the exact same job as someone during the day , but you have to actually work less and at the end of the month you make 1/4 more than those working daytime with way more work . 
  5 . loved working on sundays/holidays cause thats an automatic 100 % bonus ( sundays/holidays are double pay + 15-25 % for night shift ) ( say you get 10 bucks an hour during day shift , on a sunday you get 20 an hour and after 8 pm you get 22.50 / hour ( 25 % ) ) 6 . 
  drunks tip way better usually ( if tipping is allowed in the place ), 
  actually i think they only stated that they applied for various universities . 
  the woman worked for a company in abu dhabi and then went directly to germany . 
  the doctor mentioned that he applied in the usa , canada , uk & germany and germany pretty much accepted him first ( 2 weeks for his visa ) . 
  do n't remember the 2nd guy he might have been in the usa before . 
  tanzverbot is actually kinda my most favourite law ever . 
  lets dance !!, 
  - no i do n't think it can get any more german than that . 
  though they recently changed that a bit here , they loosened the law and allowed it on a couple days it was forbidden before . 
  i really do n't get the `` ladenschlussgesetz '' though . 
  thats just stupid . 
  let the store decide how long they wan na stay open . 
  ( bavaria is actually the only state that did not take the gov. 
  up on the offer to ignore the old law and just decide on their own new regulation , atm bavaria is the only state that still follows the original law , saarland is close but they made minor modifications ) . 
  most states decided on either a 24/6 or 24/5 ( sunday or saturday/sunday non 24 hour days ) scheme . 
  i 'm not sure where the `` verkaufsoffene sonntag '' is regulated . 
  edit : might as well state : bremen most stores tend to be open between 7-9 am and 8-10 pm . 
  sneaky thing they came up with to keep supermarkets open 24/7 : shell gas stations just put supermarkets into the gas stations . 
  so you can still buy eggs at 3 am on a sunday . 
  if there 's one thing you can be sure of is that we got a law for it  sundays and holidays are regulated in the `` arbzg '' ( arbeitszeitgesetz ) ( work time law ) \u00a7 9 sonn - und feiertagsruhe ( sunday and holiday rest ) 1 . employees are n't allowed to work between 0-24h 2 . if its shift work sundays & holidays may overlap for 6 hours if the employee is guaranteed 24 hours off afterwards ( so you can work saturday from 6 pm to 6 am and the earliest you are allowed to work again would be 6 am on monday ) there 's a couple laws that allow exceptions ( restaurants etc. ), 
  edit : might as well just point out where the exceptions are handled \u00a7 10 is `` work allowed on sundays and holidays '' stuff like hospitals , firefighters , police , restaurants , airports , charity events and whatnot . 
  german here , for smaller bills like a single coffee etc. 
  ( so basically everything below 5 $ ) i 'll just round it up . 
  if its 3,80 i 'll give 4 $ cause screw 20 cent . 
  i do n't think anyone considers this condescending . 
  cabs i usually go with the same deal just round up and add a euro . 
  i however will add quite a bit more if the cab driver does not talk to me . 
  for some reason whenever i 'm super tired and just wan na go home the cab driver gets the idea i 'm totally in it for an hour long debate and does n't get the hint that i want him to stfu . 
  restaurants i will always round up to a nice amount ( i do n't consider this to be a tip its 99 cents at the most ) . 
  the way i see a tip is something that should be worked for . 
  you got ta earn a tip . 
  you are already getting paid to bring me my food . 
  so if that is all you do ( show up , take order , then slap the plates on the tables and walk off to never be seen again ) it will be a rounding game . 
  if the waiter is however actually nice and attentive ( i do n't expect miracles here just be generally nice a smile is always appreciated and if its a longer lasting meal showing up asking if anyone would like a refill etc. 
  i consider to be good service ) .
