but i interrupt politely !, 
  spain is a loud country . 
  we ca n't help it , is the way we talk . 
  if you ever go to spain , the first restaurant you enter will be like madness to you . 
  for us is everyday routine . 
  also , something that has been pointed to me , we tend to interrupt when someone is speaking and start saying something we want to add . 
  this is so rude everywhere but spain . 
  welcome to spain !, 
  do n't forget about andorra and gibraltar . 
  edit : fuck it , also the `` independents '' ile of man , channel islands and city of london . 
  tiny states should not exist . 
  all of them end being the source of corruption , tax avoidance and financial schemes that make the rest of us suffer from lack of foundings and extra taxes for the lower and middle classes , that ca n't avoid taxes the way big money does . 
  still no results . 
  name one unilateral declaration of independence not involving violence from a `` country '' that is bordering the `` father-country '' that had `` good results '' . 
  and it has less than a thousand people registered . 
  with a big difference , you were already independent with a working system . 
  catalunia is not . 
  what would happen is as follows . 
  day 1 , nobody gets paid their wages . 
  day 2 , nobody goes to work . 
  day 3 spanish government calls the end of the joke , dissolves the goverment organically ( not using the force , simply stating that there is no more a catalunian government ) and sends a couple of police cars to detain whoever declared the independency . 
  if the catalonian government declares the independency it will be dissolved by the spanis government . 
  it is that simple . 
  there is no unilateral exit for the independist movement to achieve the `` republic of catalonia '' . 
  there is no way that the autonomic government can survive without that middlemans permission . 
  there is no way that a `` civil dissobedence '' does n't end with the catalan government dissolved . 
  with an astounding ammount of..200-500 ? 
  people registrated . 
  catalunian taxation does not exist currently , and will not in the near future . 
  we are talking about what will happen next week , not in 5 years . 
  it is the spanish government who collects the taxes and then gives it back to the autonomic administrations . 
  if they cut the money they have negligible funds ( fines , some fees and not much more ), 
  because i do n't want the heir of a fascist dictator and his heir to be the head of my state . 
  because i want to judge the people responsible for many deaths during the dictatorship and give peace and honour to those killed . 
  because i am sick of former fascists and their familiards running the economy and the political power ( both in the pp and psoe ) . 
  yep . 
  ( gipuzkoa being a province of the basque autonomy ), 
  zero proof of what the title claims . 
  no photos , just a line of text . 
  lol no , it is not . 
  populist maybe , but they are not leninist in any way , nor they propose a marxist rule on anything . 
  they do n't make it a big deal of their ideology , but they are not against same sex marriage . 
  but they do n't hesitate to kiss churchs ass saying how good they are how they are helping a lot of people ( truth is , they are not , their social labour is mainly funded by private and public funds , not religious origin but for like 3 % ) . 
  national minorities ... well , there are not national minorities in spain . 
  there are many regions that have a strong nationalist movement , but you ca n't tell them appart from no-nationalists . 
  it 's ideological only , not race or ethnics involved . 
  being that so , they are strongly centralist , against the usage of the 3 co-oficial languages and their simbology . 
  they are pro-monarchy , pro-bull figthing , pro-private education , anti-labour movement ... they are not anti-abortion , but they say that it is not a `` right '' and that it should be highly regulated ( aka make it nearly imposible to have an abortion without lies involved . ) . 
  pro otan , pro-attacks on foreign countries like syria and lybia . 
  it is not their `` main site '' , just the forum . 
  their main site is http://podemos.info/, 
  spanish here . 
  they are just a ultrapersonalist ( if you oppose the leader , rosa d\u00edez , you are fucked . 
  two recently elected european mps , one of them the 1st of the list , have abandoned the party this month ) , ultranationalist conservative party , that relied on the popular hate on pp and psoe to grow . 
  podemos has stoped that radically , and now they are on the decline . 
  there are like dozens of other spanish alternatives . 
  and worst of all , they talk about fucking churches ( you have them everywhere in spain ) and they do n't even mention the fucking roman 2000 years ( not true date posible , there is lack of info , but many date it on i century ) old aqueduct . 
  i do n't care about the economical side of the problem , but the moral and legal one . 
  an inmate has a debt with their society , not other countries one . 
  a state has the moral obligation of trying to reform their inmates , not send them away because they lack facilities . 
  i do n't care if it is far away abroad of far away inside your country . 
  if you do n't have capacity for immates near their origin , you have to solve it , not do something like this bullshit . 
  and yes , `` exporting '' your immates is bullshit , as it is a dangerous precedent for money-loving prison systems like the usa one , where more prisoners = $ $ $ $ . 
  why , then , do n't you do what every other country does ? 
  stack up your prisons until some of them starts rioting , then expend some money building one or two prisons , destroy 3 or 4 and wait for the cicle to re-start while your immates have their lifes enworsened until a prison is a nightmare and people entering them never ever reeducate . 
  how is this even posible ? 
  inmates also have rights . 
  also their families/friends have the right to visit them . 
  a prisoner should be where rehabilitation is more posible , and that is not in a foreign country isolated . 
  if spain is high , democracy is pretty ill . 
  `` at some point '' and that map do not mix . 
  as others have pointed with maps , that `` historically non basquephone region '' was actually basquephone in the past , for example . 
  the rest of the data is from nowadays situation , so speaking about gascon in gipuzkoa makes no sense . 
  muga means exactly `` border '' . 
  urtx is pronounced / `` urt\u0283 '' / as in `` urch '' in spanish . 
  `` ts '' and `` tz '' are the ones trikky . 
  i knew from it because it was explained to me in history of architecture that it is apparently one of the cornerstones/starting points of finnish culture or something like that . 
  and thus , to explain why you guys have magnificient xx century architects , i learnt from its existance . 
  portugal was part of wwi ?? 
  that is a new one for me !, 
  i have never fired a gun . 
  but i have seen many people using one . 
  in the spanish countryside it is pretty common for people from rural origin to hunt with shotguns . 
  there are thousands of them , registered and legal . 
  but it is not a common property ammong urbanites . 
  they never denied it . 
  they denied using it . 
  and there are some evidence that were the rebels the ones that used it , to `` force '' an international intervention . 
  sorry to break it to you , but spain does n't have a word in foreign matters since the empire . 
  whatever our minister says , noone cares . 
  but that is the same as taking a guy from valladolid/burgos ( `` perfect '' spanish ) and a guy from a small town from malaga . 
  will not understand shit . 
  and those are both in spain . 
  if you think that `` tv way '' is the way that they speak , ok . 
  but it is n't . 
  you just have to travel through south america to realize how different they talk . 
  i think you are wrong . 
  there is more difference between venezuela and colombia than england and america , and venezuela and colombia share a border . 
  when 40 million people use a `` slang '' is not slang anymore , but a vocabulary on its own . 
  and some of these `` spanish '' have even different structures .
