  it is also ilegal to chain temporary contracts in the same company for more than 2 years . 
  22 days of salary per year employed up to a max of 1 year salary . 
  but that is only for indefined ones , temporal workers get paid only on the ammount of the current contract due over . 
  i do n't overblow anything . 
  look for info about temporality in spain and you will find that the labour market is just not creating any stability at all . 
  everyone but the government says so , even the bussiness boards . 
  can also cover 24h like many i have had . 
  and there are a shit ton more 24h ones than `` multi-year '' ones . 
  only 6 % are `` indefined length '' ( read `` long term '' ) jobs . 
  +90 % are temporal . 
  i work with relatives . 
  ( family restaurant ), 
  i hope more and more retarded uses appear , that is the only way people will get mad about it and do something like , you know , vote the pp out of the government . 
  basque is wrong . 
  `` dut '' means '' ( i ) have '' , the `` i '' implied . 
  `` i '' would translate as `` ni '' or a derivation like `` nik '' `` neu '' `` nerau '' ... 
  welp , as a basque , i had never known that larunbata means lagunak ( friends ) batera ( together ) . 
  cool . 
  you would be so kind to take all the 20 lot of us ??? 
  wow . 
  as a basque , i 'm trigered . 
  mu green coast . 
  i do n't recall any special thing for any age in spain . 
  they did n't get many votes !!!!, 
  it is perfectly fine to ban them !!!, 
  i can asure you that the data in spain has changed a lot . 
  for starters , price went up and money in peoples pocket down . 
  also there have been many laws against tobacco instated . 
  wtf are doing the countries that are worse than spain in reputation . 
  bear in mind that , for example , our pm is involved in at least one case of corruption of his party while he was general secretary , and we just were finned for the false reports of one of our regions . 
  i mean , come on , how the fuck can you trust spain . 
  it is a inner joke for basque people . 
  a nationalist politician once said that we had rh-negative blood type more frequently than the rest . 
  ( 2-xi-2000 ) '' '' '' `` i am not saying that we basques have the right to some kind of supremacy . 
  the rh-negative matter only confirms that this country ( the basque ) is old and has its own roots , comming from prehistoryc times , as many celebrated genetists have sustained . '' '', 
  but this politician was also the focus of many jokes , being seen as an old grampa with a funny way of saying things , so we adopted the `` rh-negative best rh , basque rh , ayyyyylmao '' as an inner joke . 
  it is our national sport to critizise ourselfs . 
  but you foreigners are not allowed to do it or shit will hit the fan . 
  yeah , lets go back 10 years because the actual data does n't follow your wishes . 
  if that does n't work ... what about 20 years ? 
  you do n't have to believe it , and does n't really matter what you believe . 
  the truth is that greece has a primary surplus that only turns into a deficit when the debt payments are added . 
  but do n't let reality and data interfere between you and your prejudices . 
  oh yea , i have to read a pixelated legend in french that does not make sense to me . 
  http://www.diariovasco.com/noticias/201406/28/media/besamanos--575x281.jpg https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gernikako_arbola edit : forgot to say that you were right . 
  this is wrong . 
  madrid has many cities of +100 k surrounding it . 
  a guy creates a fiscal system by speaking to a tree . 
  you have some good points , but dude , your formating sucks :p, 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't want an entire region of europe colapse to the grounds , cry for help to those that has been calling names for ages , and then survive inside a country where everyone hates them because them daring to give the middle finger to spain . 
  '' that 's absurd , and even for this government . '', 
  there is nothing too absurd for this government . 
  i must remember you that in the country with the biggest solar potential in europe they are pushing anti-solar legislation , for example . 
  i do n't see them doing anything different . 
  do you see mariano rajoy going to a eu meeting and telling them `` yes it is all ok for catalu\u00f1a to join the euro '' ? 
  i do n't, 
  some of them a , some of them b. 
  most of them are for b , though . 
  no they would n't . 
  or at least this government . 
  they would prefer to fuck off catalu\u00f1a , make it go south in economic terms , and make they beg for reunification before letting them inside the euro . 
  i am 25 and my father is 89 , and my grandfather died just 5 years ago . 
  you know , my mother does not need to be my fathers age . 
  i will save you the embarrassment . 
  it was the government party . 
  so they will just ask reporters to not report on it and move on . 
  do n't worry . 
  socialist as in `` member of the socialist party '' . 
  no anti-capitalism inside that party . 
  your spanish checks out . 
  but i think that the correct english part would be `` i 'd gladly take corrections '' . 
  i do n't believe ( heh ) that you can say that something has different connotations ( not only `` negative '' ones , but meaningful ones ) and mean the same . 
  pure agnosticism ( non believers ) and agnostic atheism ( atheists ) are both part of the irreligious group of people regarding religion . 
  but their instances are not the same , so you can be one , or the other . 
  so they are not the same . 
  you could argue , of course , that an atheist is also a non-believer , but i think that denying the existance of anything to believe in is far deeper than that . 
  well , they do n't . 
  there is the connotation of `` not believing , not caring about it '' and `` nope , there is no god '' between them . 
  i am an atheist , not a non believer . 
  agnostic = non-believers atheist = well , atheist, 
  catholic people tend to only marry once . 
  and that also concords with the 33 % of practicing catholics . 
  no it is not . 
  66 % declare themselves catholic . 
  33 % practicing catholic . 
  only 10 % declare to be atheist . 
  i am all for the `` no '' choice , but hey , you do n't have to be ashamed of your choices if they are democratically done , by a well informed individual . 
  if you really believe that the proposal is better than the alternative , vote yes and have no regrets . 
  it is called democracy . 
  this ones got it pretty quickly . 
  they vacinated themselfs , their family and children , and told everyone that they had been fooled by the antivaxers and that they were idiots for doing so . 
  i have an idea . 
  do n't shop there . 
  there is something that has to be cleared before you start talking about us with us . 
  we are allowed to critizise everything in our country , laugh about ourself , call us the worst of the worts ... 
  but you are n't . 
  so you say yes to everything and let us invite you for another round of tapas and drinks , but do not enter the conversation . 
  politely talk about something else . 
  or shit will hit the fan .
