  every english native that i know strugles with them . 
  they wo n't . 
  the only way they do is if they decide to suicide the state ( selling everything they can , cutting pensions , asking for more money ... ) . 
  and even then , there is no real security that they will end up paying . 
  greece is fighting to get fucked the least . 
  there is no good exit for them . 
  syriza took the fences away . 
  their leader lost the media favor in favor of `` ciudadanos '' , and being an egomaniac lady like she is , has utterly destroyed the party . 
  they have currently 15k ex-members while only 5k members , for example . 
  and the mp that is trying to take over the party is about to get purged by her because of some e-mails . 
  i augur a disappearance in less than 6 months , absorved by ciudadanos . 
   pensions not cut ( because of the poverty issue ) and euro membership intact , but big cuts on government spending ( defense spending is outsized in greece ) and hopefully some market reforms . 
  that is actually the offer greece did to imf+eu , and they said no . 
  they want pensions cut no matter what . 
  and nobody gave a single fuck . 
  look what fascism made to patriotism . 
  spain , italy , germany , japan ... at the bottom . 
  basic math class incoming !!!, 
  if you spend 1000 $ in products that are at 4 % of vat ( you know , surviving through the month ) , and 100 $ in products that are at 21 % , you pay 61 $ in taxes . 
  congratulations , you are a mid-poor class household in spain . 
  if you spend 1000 $ in products that are at 4 % ( surviving ) , and 3000 $ in products that are at 21 % ( enjoying being rich ) , you end up paying 671 $ in taxes . 
  so unless you are against math , yes , vat is not an egalitarian tax , and turning everything to 21 % ( yes , by the way , your sources are wrong , taxes are 4 % , 10 % , 21 % ) will mean that the poor end up paying much more taxes ( from 61 to 210 in my example , + +300 % ) while the rich do n't even care ( from 670 to 840 , + +25 % ), 
  the vat is not an egalitarian tax , as the vast majority of what poor people consumes has a lower vat tax than luxury does . 
  and they are asking to eliminate the lower vat levels and make them all the same ( higher ) . 
  also , the rich people has many ways to avoid paying taxes , including vat , while the poor simply do n't have the tools to do so . 
  because that is what we need . 
  more taxes for the poor . 
  north tends to have more industry and south to have more agriculture . 
  the north is more montainous , the south is more plain . 
  so , during the xx century , more mountains = less free space = more intensive economic activity ( this means more industry ) and south meant more plains to grow crop = more agriculture = more unnemployment , cronyism , fewer oportunities to grow ... also , the industrial revolution of england had a big efect in the north . 
  specially bizkaia ( basque country ) witch had coal and iron mines , furnaces and so built by them , developing transports , navy and local industry . 
  no one has the 100 % correct answer , and someone will argue that what i just wrote is bs though . 
  so do n't take it as dogma . 
  fyi , navarre and basque country ( navarra and pa\u00eds vasco in that chart ) have a diferent fiscal system , heritage of feudal times , that allows us to have a better fiscal balance than the rest . 
  so we , the rich , are being `` subsidized '' by the rest of the country . 
  if it was hosted in my country i would give some fucks about it being expensive , impractical and stupidly corrupt . 
  in a foreign country ?? 
  their problem . 
  do n't care . 
  i always wanted to go on a cruise in the mediterranean sea . 
  with the fuckup that is nowadays the north of africa , the only interesting choice would be greece + turkey . 
  i find this as a normal trend that will go on for at least five years . 
  last election , one member of juntas generales de gipuzkoa , was decided by .33 votes . 
  spain would be a better place if there had been no `` spanish independence '' that reinstated the absolutism in the country , no doubt . 
  we are still fighting and suffering the moral and social consecuences of it . 
  there are still people claiming an amazigh-guanche independence . 
  i have known one , funny guy . 
  even if he was of none-african origin still called everyone a slavist and imperialist for not setting the canarian people free . 
  [ these amazing guys ] ( http://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/fuerzas_armadas_guanches ) and their heirs . 
  i did n't take into acount nationalist/regionalist parties . 
  there you have cup , cut , nos-up , izca , psa , psm , the guanches , the asturs ... 
  it is another clusterfuck, 
  in spain we have the kke wannabists , pcpe ( spanis peoples communist party , the plural `` peoples '' is not a typo ) , they have between 2k and 3k members and collect between 15k and 50k votes in elections . 
  then you have x ^ n communist parties ( pc m-l , pcoe , comunistas3 , lcr , lo ... and more ) completely irrelevant . 
  the communist party ( pce ) forms part of united left ( iu ) . 
  has 22k members ( iu has 55k ) and has many mps through the geography, 
  you can close the thread now . 
  nope , never been there . 
  i have been at the border ( roman bridge of alcantara ) , but never crossed it . 
  14 days . 
  without much effort . 
  it could have been easily 12 , even 10 days . 
  gipuzkoa , in the basque country . 
  i started my trip at home and ended at santiago . 
  this is odd , but mine . 
  one year ago i went on to do `` santiagos pilgrimage '' via the north of spain , by bicicle . 
  i was amazed by both cantabria ( all , but santander and laredo , that are prety average imho ) and asturias , which i did n't expect much of . 
  galicia was ok as well . 
  one day , with money and time , i must visit every province in my country to have a true and nice taste of it . 
  so proud that my government killed solar . 
  if your country is worse than spain , be aware . 
  high density building . 
  you are too spread through your country . 
  que es lo que significa `` unemployed '' . 
  impuestos municipales . 
  unemployed people pay taxes . 
  it should be prety simple . 
  if i pay taxes , i vote . 
  period . 
  16 years old can pay taxes ? 
  then they can vote . 
  they do n't ? 
  then they ca n't . 
  it is a `` strike '' because they do n't want to pay taxes as everyone does . 
  let them strike please . 
  for 2 decades if necesary . 
  it has taken you a bit to realize it . 
  yep , mistaken it with saudi arabia . 
  wooops . 
  geographic mistake of the month . 
  how is it possible for iran to be +50 % immigrants ? 
  are n't they like in a constant international struggle that makes them pariahs ? 
  ( you will find persians , nor iranians abroad ), 
  may , may , may , could , maybe ... a bull will , with zero doubt , be tortured to death . 
  on purpose . 
  how is being shot and dead near instantly as cruel as a long torture that involves many piercing wounds and ends with the animal being killed while having a sword inside their body ? 
  the bulls do n't have a chance really . 
  they are beaten befor the `` fight '' starts . 
  the `` matador '' only plays with them for peoples aproval , you can just take your sword and end him pretty easily . 
  it is so sad that nobody knowing is a good thing ...
