look at my uk , my uk is amazing !, 
  few year ago this party had the most polluted cars on average vs all other parties and also did take the most taxi ride vs public transportation . 
  oh yeah and they made sure they do n't need to pay for the traffic toll fee to enter/exit downtown stockholm like normal people have to because of reasons . 
  but hey they want you to be more environment aware which is nice ... lol, 
  you guys take your independent day pretty serious , 
  guys eesti can not into nordic so be nice to him :p, 
  no , you guys are cool, 
  image the shit storm after scraping this referendum leads to another referendum about yes/no to eu , that would freak out the politicians . 
  you guys need gandalf the grey as your supporter . 
  exchange netherlands and uk for ukraine , smooth one . 
  how about reforming eu first ? 
  talk about two wrong does not make a right , sad for ukraine but the eu should have thought about this when reforming itself . 
  that is a really good thing or shitloads of referendum could take place , 30 % is enough to make it a big deal , good on the netherlands . 
  bad ? 
  finland have like 10 times smaller population but still can handpick good hockey players and beat you guys ... a little arrogant for being a canadian are you not ? 
  better say sorry and this will be over with :p, 
  quality or not you ca n't replace the feeling of where the movie is taking place . 
  totally agree with you about watching a german movie it needs to be in german too as well with subtitle . 
  that is true , 
  imagine a viking aircraft carrier ready to die for valhalla, 
  bon appetit, 
  it is a cultural thing , we hate dub movies as it destroy the feeling of where the movie is taking place . 
  rofl , would be kinda cool tho, 
  you shall not pass !, 
  nordea customer service be like : hello welcome to nordea . 
  not wanting to pay any nordic tax you say ? 
  no worry we got a package we call it the panama package . 
  yeah finland is a nice country so not a problem for the \u00c5land ppl . 
  yeah that too . 
  interesting how league of nation only did deal with one tiny island in a nordic country and nothing else . 
  and i was thinking un was kinda useless . 
  i did skip a few math classes in school . 
  yeeeeeman nice jam , no third reich no cry . 
  yes that was my calculating too . 
  all races are , watch the south park episode where the people from the future come back to take er jobs . 
  got ta keep that personal space eh ? 
  i think we got ta keep an eye on norway , he seems to be up on something . 
  yeah because unemployment will last forever ? 
  if that was true then america would still be in great depression eg . 
  i was just thinking of this , japan and uk might have same population 65years latter wow . 
  yeah man the world is going to dubble its population with much more pollution and all that global warming shit does make scandinavia look like an attractive place in the future . 
  more belgian beer and chocolate for the world , im not complaining . 
  that awkward moment in 2030 when you get a phone call from a norwegian girl you meet at a party 9 months ago . 
  yeah , dig up any forecast that is 65year old and successfully predicted something and i will give you a delicious cookie . 
  in 65years yes , why is that so amazing to you ? 
  sounds like europe gon na need a trump soon to build a wall or something like that lol . 
  more like wtf germany , a growing population is natural is it not ? 
  but at some point do n't you think people will stop emigrate in such large scale and others to come back to work in poland again when it get higher gdp ? 
  i think forecasting so far into the future is a little unfair . 
  yeah i agree with you , forecast so far in the future never work . 
  do n't forget the safe word [ fl\u00fcgg\u00e5\u01ddnk \u2202 $ \u010dhi\u0153\u03b2\u00f8l \u222b \u00ean ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t9yhpp1bwq4 ), 
  do n't worry italy will change side latter on you only got to be with them half time . 
  yea it is a tradition but i think we got ta stick together with uk to also defend our right to our krona and our way of dealing with things the same way uk defend their pund and their ways dealing with things . 
  but ofc after that we can go get wasted and fight after a football game danskj\u00e4vul , 
  lets all blame the germans , what can go wrong pissing off the germans ? 
  b-b-but what would we blame on if eu was gone ? 
  up vote because of mad ps skills . 
  kind of mean but i hope the prison is nice and cozy then compare to being homeless . 
  homeless fined for sleeping outside = fined for being homeless ? 
  we care about the small people . 
  - british petroleum, 
  yeah , something will unite us even more and change our mind in the future for the greater good but for now im sure it is a bad idea . 
  lol picture yourself in iraq and reverse situation on their bus station ... 
  like age of empires , one guy to rebuild the empire . 
  i like your post . 
  [ here is one candidate for that job ] ( http://metro.co.uk/2016/01/23/a-magnificent-snow-cock-has-been-drawn-in-sweden-5640122/ ), 
  that sounds easy , just 5 steps !, 
  what country did not have a past where '' crime where committed back then '' like seriously . 
  sound of scandinavias arguing , 
  [ work work !, 
  ] ( http://www.sfu.ca/~ioncescu/images/work-work-peon.jpg ), 
  we never had problems back in the glorious viking times , but time change ya know :(, 
  then why is is such big deal then ? 
  ok so technically it was from norway but i get it now , 
  greenland becoming the new australia :d, 
  and sharks with '' frickin laser beams '' seriously guys is this too much to ask ? 
  it is if they use fake syrian id as refugees instead of being honest to come fore work . 
  hitler did kill 6 million jew , you kill probably 6 million dust mites when sleep . 
  comparison escalated a bit more . 
  '' risking his life '' some economic immigrants do n't risk anything near thous who really '' risking it '' im afraid . 
  guys like this just dicks using a situation . 
  there should be a filter for dicks like him to help thous in need . 
  this is a true hero , 
  [ 100 billion dollar !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ckkhsae1gis ), 
  [ k\u00f6tbullar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy_yf4zz-yo ), 
  russia is not '' special '' countries like canada or australia exist and with less population/km2 but much more wealth . 
  you can also look at countries like haiti that are very small but still poor in contrast to canada or australia . 
  indeed we have the same potential but russia run things '' different '' then us so it could be that ... 
  if you read the article it is not only about greece . 
  this article make a lot of sense because euro never had a stress-test like this before for investors to see what would have happen and now we all know euro is tested . 
  next up is perhaps the chinese rmb in some 20 year eg . 
  this kind of joke too advance for me , 
  or it can be that russia rely too much on oil and gas export and right now the world economy is not needing as much as it did before now when china is slowing down eg . 
  we also produce much more oil now then before so the price will drop when it can not meet the demand . 
  we want to keep our cold winters , 
  have been watching 23 seasons of the same drama and geting tired of that lame tv show already . 
  haha probably  btw from the fucking , austria wiki article : in july 2009 , it was announced that the village would install cctv cameras in an attempt to deter summertime tourists from filming themselves having sexual intercourse in front of the fucking signs . 
  eduard khil comes to mind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oavmtuwdbtm, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fucking,_austria that also explains the increase in people of this village ?
