  ( sex outside marriage ) 1-2 year ago a norwegian girl got jail in dubai for reporting her workmate who raped her to the police but she got out of jail only because world media writing about her situation eg . 
  never heard of lol, 
  sounds like fun having student loan in russia . 
  [ you want the truth ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwsx0bbinis ), 
  that awkward moment when you have to vote between ww3 or napoleon nazi state . 
  as tourists walk around the city to enjoy the architecture and art eg . 
  barcelona is famous for such . 
  as long you are on the asian side of turkey you be fine . 
  but for barcelona smaller streets is good for its tourist economy . 
  if world could just stop with the shit they are doing and just have a fika the world would be in a better place . 
  think of that snickers hungry ad on tv but this time it is for real . 
  eddit . 
  and instead of singing kumbaya we would just go metal . 
  the akward moment when you end your presidency and you have to go metal . 
  there is a pattern , the more coffee you drink and saunas you take the more metal you get . 
  but but estonia can into nordic ? 
  it is clear that you have never been outside ` murica if you say that street are and always have been only for driving . 
  i get that you like your big city jeep cars and loud 6 lane expressway circling your cities in america but in europe we have a different mind on how to live and we sure prefer to have smaller streets with trees and buses/metro system limiting the noise and pollution factor here so just deal with it . 
  why would you want big streets with high pollution in a city ? 
  you do n't need to unite politically to be a power economic bloc that eu is but agree that it is very likely that eu see them self as us overtaken by india and china in the future but it is hard to predict how future is going to be like . 
  im also big fan of tech and i see companies overtaking countries with massive robot a.i nano like industry where national wedge is going to be a thing . 
  and as normal people become less important perhaps the large population vs smaller one is going to be less important or even more of a problem , who knows ? 
  man that is so true the singaporeans are ahead of the game , step it up swiss . 
  breaking news , this just in : switzerland not afraid of having china and india growing bigger to deposing more money in their bank accounts . 
  yes and china are about to deal with a dept trap but that is a phase they need to learn on the long run and india is catching up now for sure . 
  i think bric is a bit outdated , look at the gdp growth of [ nigeria ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/nigeria/gdp ) and [ south africa ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/south-africa/gdp ) eg, 
  there will always be people who do n't like that the world are changing and so are saying things like that to feel better of them self . 
  india and china are going to be as equal big player as the eu and us in the future if not bigger ( depending on having big population will be as beneficial as of today ) . 
  true , when i did say being proud of being german i did mean more of being proud of what your country have achieved but i guess i explained myself in a wrong way . 
  i do n't like nationalist to the extreme but wherever you come from you should be proud of what you have archive and i hate others who trash you down because of being jealous . 
  india have huge domestic issues but it is also a huge player globally . 
  the growth 2015 and 2016 was higher then china 's for a first time in what , 20 year or more ? 
  it was funny few year ago how bric was the big deal and being part of the club was so cool and now today china completely overtake the rest of the bric nations by itself dwarfing the rest by playing its own league . 
  there is emerging nations and there is '' emerging '' nations . 
  i like how germans start waving their flags in 2004 or 2006 ish on football matches showing of their pride but we need to do more to take back the pride from the far right , we have the same problem in sweden sadly . 
  not economically speaking but i get where you are going . 
  no worry i can understand that . 
  the elites no matter what country is always going to want more power and that is never going to change . 
  ttip is just one of many projects . 
  yeah true what kind of country would do such a horrible , wait a bit ... 
  the drop of wti crude oil on the world market scene affected the russian nominal gdp dramatically since about two year ago and it has very much to do with russia selling it 's oil to other countries and not so much selling to itself . 
  im a currency and a future trader so im daily following the oil price and currencies such as cad , nok , aus ( opposite correlation with cad ) and rub . 
  good news is that oil looks having a strong momentum building up and it is very unlikely that rub will weakening any more but to rise . 
  the west does not want to weakening its trade partners such as china but nor do the west want china to overtake economically basically . 
  and i implying nothing on you being racist relax man where did you get that idea from ? 
  richer nations have higher nominal then ppp and poorer nations have higher ppp the nominal , are you going to arguing about this ? 
  what russia do to protect itself selling oil and gas on the world market is to have a huge currency reserve in usd . 
  sssssssssh switzerland , it was just yesterday you did help out some rouge nation laundry their money for financing terror , produce nuclear weapon or something shady :p, 
  i was speaking economically and not about social issues like racism . 
  what does ttip has to do with such issues btw ? 
  does a free trade market make you a racist ? 
   source ? 
  i never heard they do such classifications . 
  how about www.oecd.org . 
  ppp is good if you focus on one country which is accurate if you measuring the price of a product or service in that specific country but if you are to compare with other countries you need to adjust to nominal instead of ppp . 
  for example lets say a coca cola might be 2x as cheep in russia then in the uk which make you afford drinking more at home then in uk . 
  however if you and a uk person go to a 3rd country somewhere then you need spend as much for a coca cola and that is how global market works . 
  that is bullshit to say that people are not pride but glade to be germans . 
  seriously it was so long ago now when the nazi germany did their shit it just ca n't reflect today 's germany just like other society also ca n't reflect their past . 
  yeah it was pretty bad when our european leader did that slave trade thingy . 
  sounds alreich for me . 
  seriously tho , i wish germany could be more pride of their awesome country . 
  make eu g-reich-est again !, 
  forget about russia that is so 80s thinking . 
  today the west is afraid of china and india where china will overtake europe and america as the bigger market in the world so the ttip is more about combine eu and us as a single market to stay the biggest market in the world . 
  russia as a market is no where near eu , us or china . 
  authoritarian run countries need to defend itself in creating outside threats so technically not threatening is a threat . 
  russia got $ 7,742 per capita . 
  the world bank put a high income on 12,735 ( 2014 ) which is about 2x of russia today china also got $ 7,990 per capita so if russia was considered high income country all of china 's 1,4 billion which is richer on average then russia 's would be considered high income too . 
  oecd also not considered russia as develop country . 
  kool portugal keep it up !, 
  it is a huge handicap to have a mess like that . 
  it would take long time to get away from the corruption and nature resources trap but if they manage to rise i 'd be very happy for them as it would be good and peaceful for europe too . 
  i have a lot of russian friends and they are all cool btw . 
  dutch disease is much to blame when it come to russia 's lack of innovation but also decades of communist which made them have a problem knowing what stuff belong to them and what is not . 
  ( investors like to know that their investments are safe , surprise surprise ) switzerland is a good example of a country knowing what stuff belong to them and what is not = profit . 
  spain for sure , probably around barcelona for me . 
  ukraine and poland use to have same gdp in the 90s but now poland have $ 13,390 and ukraine $ 1,854 per capita according to wikipedia . 
  yeah i think ukraine should think more long term here and have both economic relations to russia and europe . 
  he is trying to become a popularist by sticking out and say that leaving eu is for the better as it is his only chance to become the pm . 
  austria would have been the perfect pick for the lulz, 
  and what if cave men did decided it is better to stay inside the cave and never invent farming technic and such things that are important for civilizations then ? 
  they had never seen anything better then living in caves and hunt animals for survival so why take this step into the unknown ? 
  boris johnson is that caveman who told his other cavemen to stay inside the cave for another x generations because it felt safer . 
  for some kiwi production check out flight of the conchords . 
  yes nyc is the hotspot of the world , it will always be on the top of most expensive cities but every 7 year dollar will lay high or low and that effect rankings like this one . 
  sure you do n't need but if we left eu we would take a massive step backwards creating a huge trade barriers losing lots of corporations and works . 
  your argument would works better on a country that not export as much . 
  nyc must be so high because of the record high dollar btw . 
  farmers use to be anti eu but the majority are pro eu now today after huge benefits for the agriculture . 
  if we had to respect the 49 % then things would never change . 
  but i also think that if a very close vote happen such as 49/51 we can have a fresh vote a few year latter to see if we can settle it for the long run . 
  how ? 
  we are one of the biggest net exporter in eu so being in is extremely good for our growth and sweden have been growing more then average eu and western eu nation since we joined only ireland have done better then us . 
  do you have a volvo ? 
  i heard that sandaclaus come from finland , is it true ? 
  no more, 
  mmmmmmmmm i love my whoppers extra salty, 
  my beer cooling secret technique has been passed down in my family for generations , and i would be willing to share this knowledge with you for a modest sum of 500 $ .
