  yeah , very likely the low oil price . 
  maybe the norwegian kr vs swedish kr have some impacts but still . 
  with that logic we only got 56 cities in europe . 
   we 've got to stop using this term `` anti-immigration '' i 'm pretty sure they 're just `` anti-open door/mass immigration/no control '' . 
  i think xxxxx asylum migration each year is too much . 
  ( anti-immigration ) i think 6 hour of tv each day is too much . 
  ( anti-television ) i think eating 3 apples a day is too much . 
  ( anti-fruit ), 
  it was overtaken by singapore then singapore was overtaken by shanghai . 
   edit 3 : i just made this sub if you are interested r/alter _ europa . 
  we must let r/europe propaganda free . 
  just joined r/alter _ europa great sub !, 
  oh look the reddit warrior is thrething with civil war . 
   the dutch will probably call a referendum i have a feeling the dutch going to get sick of referendums as not enough people care to vote when holding to many of them . 
  make germany greicht again and make wallonia pay for it . 
  '' a trade deal between the eu and canada is on the brink of collapse because a belgian region with a population of just 3.6 million opposes it . '', 
  so less then 1 % of the population of eu opposes a trade deal and we ca n't sign it ? 
  where in the world can you find a country not having such small margin of people not liking any deals like seriously ? 
  we need to change the way we deal with things in the eu ca n't just care about everyone being happy with any deal . 
  uk have a mob rules 52 % 48 % for possibly a hard brexit but we ca n't even have 99 % ? 
  75 % + would be reasonable for big changes . 
   and they even used anti-tank weapon against fortified clubhouses . 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/kndjqrhbn9u?t=389 ), 
  perhaps the scottish people are tired of listening to the british experts and want to take back control ? 
  they could use the pound in the beginning/as long as they want because of loopholes but i am not sure how uk would see on that ? 
  france went from under attack to target of terror . 
  that awkward moment when your country so great that you ca n't make it great again . 
  yo listen up here 's a story about a little guy that lives in a blue world and all day and all night and everything he sees is just blue like him inside and outside blue his house with a blue little window and a blue corvette and everything is blue for him and himself and everybody around 'cause he ai n't got nobody to listen to, 
  because the rest of the world do n't want to put their money in a unstable and unpredictable reserve currency that have flash crashes dropping 6 % in 10 seconds and such . 
   norway can exploit this window to retake the orkneys and shetland good luck , iceland have no army too so why not take back iceland when you at it ? 
   btw scotland could join the nordic union that 's a better idea . 
   this year . 
  ( 2016 ) something happen this year ? 
  i understand it would be an issue for hungary eg but saying that half of europe would freeze is a little much . 
  natural gas price [ trade at 2.93 usd/mmbtu now ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/commodity/natural-gas ) which is pretty cheap compared to 13.19 peek in 2008 eg so i do n't see europe having any problems with importing gas from qatar or elsewhere . 
  maybe half of estonia can into nordic ? 
  do n't be silly mexico wont forget the gulf of mexico when moving . 
  sweden is giving viking line ferry ticket for present, 
   yeah , but that 's for like pensions and stuff , not jet fuel . 
  jet fuel ca n't melt norwegian wealth fund . 
  then estonia will literally into nordic, 
  im wondering the same . 
  yeah you should get a vpn eg if you not already have one . 
  that is scary stuff . 
  not going to downvote but when a country crackdown on teachers , university deans and judges eg on such a scale in such a short time window it looks really really bad . 
  you must understand the worry the nearby region ( eu eg ) have about this . 
  eddit . 
  how is is possible to investigate over 50 000 people in 4 days ? 
  but is the crackdown not too obvious when teachers , judges and the media are being targeted and cause a high risk to backfire ? 
  that is the part i do n't get , should they not do it more quietly and further away from the crackdown ? 
  '' more than 50,000 people have been rounded up , sacked or suspended from their jobs by turkey 's government in the wake of last week 's failed coup . 
  the purge of those deemed disloyal to president recep tayyip erdogan widened on tuesday to include teachers , university deans and the media . '', 
  i understand why military personal and police is being crackdown on but why teachers , university deans , judges , staff in the finance ministry , people working in the prime minister 's office , interior ministry workers and the media ? 
  eddit . 
  would the risk not be high enough to backfire doing a crackdown on things not related to the coup is mostly what i do n't understand , would it not be smarter to do it more quietly and further away ? 
  it is not fair to do that . 
  but what if you have other religions in the same country and none religion people ? 
  i was in romania last summer and got nothing stolen , what did i do wrong ? 
  we are too proud of our currencies in the north but i think it would be for the best for us to join the euro in the future . 
  paying for some bonds are still a better option then defending a peg which also cost a lot of money and here in sweden we export as much as the germans so being part of the euro zone would only be good for business . 
  people 's opinion must change first ofc . 
  yep this is very true . 
  why does the danes have a euro peg ? 
  is it not smarter ( cheaper ) to join the euro ? 
  yeah i forgot about the 90s banking crisis that sure had a effect on starting the graph from 95 . 
  interesting that denmark was not affected so much but looks like 2008 got you harder and the sanction on russia also got finland bad . 
  interesting source , i like the graphs between different countries . 
  anyone knows the difference of the growth between north and south italy ? 
  the northern part must have been growing somewhat since 1995 i think . 
  denmark did respond to spend more after the 2008 crisis it looks like . 
  anything above 50 is nuts btw :(, 
  i know right ? 
  how crazy is it that people put the blame on things like the society , bad economic planing and corruption eg when it is all about that coin and piece of paper that is the problem ? 
  yeah lets blame the euro , there is absolutely no other reasons ... 
  denmark ~ ~ danskj\u00e4vel ~ ~ what happen to you lil bro ? 
  sweden and finland worried about you . 
  my guess is that all eu countries from 1995 only display . 
  before trigger article 50 it is good to have a plan , are you guys leaving eea ? 
  that means that you are leaving some 50 free trade zones and that you have to re-joining wto as a none eu member and that will take years if not decades to negotiate with all 161 nations again . 
  stay in eea would be the the best option like the swiss did but then you already got same deal and pay as much without having a say but that would not only anger the anti-immigrate people but also all the pro eu people . 
  you guys are in a mess . 
  check yourself before you bwreck yourself, 
  boris johnson : i will take the responsibility to change the lightbulb , lol just kidding not my problem . 
  that would be the best outcome . 
  [ you sure ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.acidcow.com/pics/20121109/acid_picdump_44.jpg ), 
  zerohedge is more of a entreatment then actual economic news . 
  they use '' this country going to crash , run for your life '' - like headline every second week or so . 
   rent prices will go even higher !!, 
  rent price is going to dublin , and dublin , and dublin every year !, 
   says r/totallynotrobots i posted this over there , lets see if the robots gets angry . 
  instead of taxing the robot , make national wage . 
  wow what a hardworking guy . 
   his is just classic juncker banter  i 'm gon na miss him and farage tearing into each other in parliament they are like tom and jerry . 
  [ farage face-palming gif ] ( http://giphy.com/gifs/xt8qb21zc4izldz4wo/html5 ), 
  im not sure but i think he said dey dirk ar dir ! '' they took our jobs '', 
  leave camp use eu privacy legislation then latter when brexit is being stopped/blocked/veto 'd in uk it goes to the eu court to deal with its right to leave lol . 
  in one way you guys do n't deserve it ( all of you remain voters ) but in the same way i hope that you guys can have some experience in the outside world for a bit now . 
  uk is going to face a chock experience that it is not so fun anymore as a small nation trying to make trade deals around the world and uk is in a bad position as it is now so everyone will exploit it .
