  it is going to be a terrible experience . 
  china for example is going to make an example out of uk as to follow its '' one china policy/don ' t you dare to breaks up '' and it never going to sign a trade deal so everything need to go via eu regulations eg and usa is going to push uk to get back . 
  ( all of g7 nations was against uk for leaving ) smaller nations are not stupid so they are not going to rush for a trade deal as they know they 'll get a better deal waiting when uk is getting more desperate but all this experience is needed to get all that '' eu is a pain '' mentality away so when joining the bigger trade block in future you can get in on a better term for rest of eu and not be that 50/50 inout country as you use to be . 
  well said mate . 
  i feel more european as years goes by too . 
  i have notice myself identify me as '' i come from europe '' rather then saying '' i come from sweden '' and then when asked where in europe i 'll say sweden . 
  ( live in china ), 
  did i blame leave campaign only ? 
  cameron , the gov , the leave campaign and boris who was supposed to be next pm all had no plan . 
  have fun having bank of england start burning it 's currency reserves/have the pound free falling but at last the uk is now free from the big '' unorganized eu bureaucracy '' . 
  just give it to anyone it is not like [ boris ex london mayor care anyway ] ( https://twitter.com/ravisomaiya/status/747124898515017728 ), 
  lol this must be a 4chan joke . 
   i know many people here are too young for that , but watching 9/11 and the developments leading up to afghanistan and iraq felt similar . 
  thanks for making me feel old . 
  '' there was never a plan '' eh should you not have one if you call for a referendum ? 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  well it is a low tax country and not a tax heaven , even hong kong with 16,5 / 0 % tax is not regarded as a tax heaven but i get your point . 
  however ireland happen to be a populair country to set up eu business as it is a english speaking country and if uk is leaving eu that market would go nuts so expect scotland to have a good time taking uk 's investments eg . 
  the irish gdp are growing faster then china right now , why would scotland not have the same options like its small celtic neighbour ? 
  wow the conservatives would probably get away with that but would the ukip perhaps grow larger with more angry people ? 
  depends if they let scotland have their own referendum i guess ? 
  hey i got a deal here . 
  if she or that minitrump guy pull off the referendum can you guys then stop saying that eu is undemocratic ? 
  this should have been dealt with before the referendum . 
  but hey , a leave victory could never happen they said . 
  we had a referendum about it and could not get over 50 % so we are going to need to wait for another referendum . 
  hey ~ ~ minitrump ~ ~ boris the ref campaign is over now so you do n't have to lie anymore . 
  to be fair my country sweden have not adopted the euro yet even we easily could adopt it ( had a referendum but we pretty much said we would adopt it in 1995 ) but uk got way too greedy to have all the special things and it backfire hard with this referendum attempt to get away with more things . 
  you might even have to go back being a efta nation now . 
  remind me of sweden voting to join eu and to adopt euro in 1995 and then said '' yeah we get the euro at some point '' . 
   i am so disappointed by 51.9 % of the uk citizens people under 18 year did not vote and it had a overall turn out of 72 % so far from 51,9 % of all the uk citizens . 
  nigel farage be like : fcuk i now needs to do things like actually be present at eu meetings and act as a responsible politician lol . 
  you have my meatballz, 
  i think uk have another 2 year to go before leaving the eu so scotland can probably get away with staying without needing a veto if they chose to . 
  scotland leave 1,018,322 votes remain 1,661,191 votes [ source ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/politics/eu_referendum/results ) bbc, 
  so uk is going back to the european free trade association now ? 
  in adam lindin ljungkvist 's defence i 'll say that there where no [ singns ] ( https://funsubstance.com/uploads/original/41/41204.jpg ) to control the farting on the football field . 
  eddit . 
  happy mid sommer , 
  agree with you 100 % on that . 
  i said that the message is clear = in . 
  but it does not force reader as other '' doomsday '' headlines telling you directly to vote in their favour = smart headline by guardian . 
  the headline and not it 's content . 
  i do n't read guardian so i do n't know . 
  vodka drinking contest sounds like a bad idea , same as a sauna contest . 
  maybe they will unban if you lighten up the hard feelings with a joke ? 
  one finn and one russian went to compete for who can stay in a sauna for the longest time , the russian died . 
  the one guardian have will have high impact i think as the lights all around europe show how close we are together . 
  it also does not tell the reader what to do just that it is important to vote today so the reader do n't feel forced but the message is clear . 
  we got the world 's oldest central bank btw so it is not like we are doing a bad job at having our own currency . 
  how can the uk be against platyous sex toys ? 
  they need to have some fun too . 
  the big difference is that he said he did the attack randomly and did not know who she was just knew that she was a politician . 
  it was hard to see him more then some mental ill confused guy and had no correlation with the euro debate . 
  norway be like : thats cute . 
  [ for the republic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g6ad-m7cw84 ), 
  well i was being funny with the boil in hell part ofc . 
   what if a student claims to be a pastafarian and has to whip up some noodles 3x a day to appease the flying spaghetti monster , would that be allowed ? 
  do n't talk about our lord the flying spaghetti monster like that !, 
  you 'll end up in spaghetti hell and boil for eternity . 
  eddit . 
  btw i was looking on the [ fsm website ] ( http://www.venganza.org/about/ ) and it says that their religion have a 30 day back guarantee so you can chose to go back to your old religion if you do n't like it and they have good things like stripper factories and beer volcanoes in their heaven !, 
  see this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  it is not the size that matter but how well you can use you missiles , that is what she said . 
  alright i get it now , the 4 swedish airplanes were there to defend agains political incorrectness . 
  lol, 
  ok now i do n't get the joke , how is airplanes flying over blue sea and microaggression related ? 
  guess the joke is that sweden spend very little of its gdp on military . 
  eddit . 
  we still make it to the top 10 weapon exporter nations world wide somehow so we are not as innocent country as ` murica trying to make us sound like . 
  eddit2 . 
  the joke was probably about political correctness . 
  because of it might disrupt businesses , qatar is 100 % relying on foreign relations . 
  keep burning your coal you silly german . 
  why not build modern reactor so if the core melt it just trap inside a vault that you can keep closed for thousands of year if you wish . 
  it is way more dangerous to be afraid of building new reactor and still keep the old ones , do n't you think ? 
  green party had to do a logical decision , their feelings must hurt now . 
  it is getting to the point where people get real tired of the old propaganda just like people in america gets tired of the war on drugs eg . 
  lol it is not like we are a big producer of air . 
  if tropical countries did not share their air we would all be fucked :d, 
  we could build all the nuclear power plants in the north of sweden where no one live . 
  what is the point of building it in central europe ? 
  we have old mountains that wo n't have earthquakes and have no other nature disasters eg and if shit would blow up anyway the wind would fly into northern hemisphere killing like 50k people and some polar bears and that is worst chase scenario . 
  we also can use old mining tunnels to store all the nuclear waste or build new and better one deep under the mountains . 
  look at it as investing rather then sharing . 
  we make back the money spent on export and trade most likely . 
  picture your own country and how the richer urbanised areas such as copenhagen ends up spending money on roads on the country side eg . 
  is it a waste of money or is it helping businesses and ordinary people living in copenhagen ? 
  i was thinking of this new story when i read this one about qatar . 
  i am pretty sure she will let go after this news hit the headlines on big news sites . 
  your nationality make a big difference around the world sadly , imagine if she was from a 3rd world country eg . 
  george soros was against the erm too so he is not very eu friendly , he simply betts anywhere he can make money . 
  this made me think of when time did have a online poll and north korean leader the person of the year . 
  lol, 
  turkey in eu is very unlikely as long as any eu state vote no for them to join , do you think greeks by 2020 will vote them in by any chance ? 
  lol . 
  staying economic partner however is good for us and them even if turkey is being authoritarian for the moment . 
  why do amsterdam help funding roads somewhere on countryside ? 
  for same reason just on bigger scale . 
  monarch does not hold on to any power more then the immunity to parking tickets and such lol .
