  yeah things need to play out and peoples opinion need to change and that likely take 20 years . 
  my guess is that uk and eu is even smaller in the world in 20year so joining eu again will be a thing to balance the economic power vs the east . 
  do they hide eggs over there ? 
  people are insecure and afraid about what happen around them in the world so if you do n't stick with the average reddit view you get down voted . 
  turkey might play the authoritarian card right now but it is moving towards eu as a economic partner in the longer run and that is good for us . 
  the refugees crisis is unpleasant but shit happens when you blow the middle east up . 
  spain and other nations where a authoritarian/dictatorship back in the days and yet we did '' deal with them '' . 
  broaden your mind and see the bigger picture perhaps . 
  just a small town girl , livin ' in a lonely world . 
  so what exactly do you think would have happen if sweden did not let the germans transport iron ore ? 
  we stayed out as long as possible from being invaded and served as a buffer zone for norwegian and british operations so we did not exactly helping the germans out and having the infrastructure intact after the war was good to help other nations as we did take a lot of refugees . 
  i was reading this in norwegian accent and it just sounds too cute and harmless to be triggering . 
  he wear silly hats to show his dominance , it is a swedish thing . 
  every day is a first day of something , ca n't make that up !, 
  holy moly that patriotic picture is golden !, 
  the inner viking in me says this is the chosen screen background , thanks !, 
  old cars pre 2025 will still be allowed and you can still buy second hand cars i believe . 
  seriously change to this flag it is badass . 
  might even into nordic . 
  we and the danes where arrogant back in the days forcing unions with norway in similar way so many norwegians probably shouted that on their rallies . 
  nobel did not want the peace price to be given out in stockholm and chosen oslo as a result of our forced union . 
  follow our example of forgiving and rebuild relationship and ukrainians will respect russia again . 
  [ right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqfzwflovqa ), 
  germany recognize genocide = nazi germany not recognize genocide = not nazi, 
  but is the russia 's way of building its power bloc not doomed to backfire if russia tries to enforce their way yet again as it did in the soviet days ? 
  we are in a even more global connected world today with needs of multi economic blocs . 
  imagine the drama for such a name to happen . 
  not to compare ukraine with turkey in any ways but it is today very unrealistic for turkey to join eu and the partnership we have is very good eg . 
  why is having a partnership with ukraine bad for russia ? 
  do n't we have one with russia aswell ? 
  how is having a cold war era style buffer zone good for russia rather then open cooperation with its biggest and closest trading partner ? 
  and how is forcing ukraine not to have any agreement with other blocs making ukraine not to be '' westernised '' in the long run ? 
  is that something you can enforce in a global world ? 
  i do n't blame ukrainians for having hard feelings towards russians after all the shit happened since 2014 but why are russians hating ukrainians ? 
  all ukraine did was to want to have economic partnership with eu together with russia which for me is very logical and good for ukraine , but how is that bad for russia ? 
  is russia looking at the world in a soviet era way where you only can join one bloc or what is is that make them so mad ? 
  nothing is bad like isis destroying thousands year old monuments man :(, 
  well obviously they should take them down from public spaces and removed somewhere but not to be destroyed so we still can remember the history . 
  should we destroy nazi stuff too because nazism where bad ? 
  yeah it is like getting ride of all the nazi stuff . 
  we need to save the evidence of it to show it has happened before . 
  to trigger them more they need some funky name for the museum . 
  got any ideas ? 
  it is sort of like destroying all the evidence of serious shit have happened to your country if you just going to destroy it and not save it in a museum/memorial . 
  you guys did the right thing man . 
  wow russia hate ukraine next to america ? 
  this would have been madness a few year ago as most of russians regarded ukrainians as their brothers . 
  would be interesting to see the saudi arabian usd peg fall . 
   google it [ this come up ] ( http://kasperstromman.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/mammipieni.jpg ), 
  ca n't risk someone else to make eye contact with you or worse say hello . 
  jealous on our [ meatb\u00f6lls ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sy_yf4zz-yo ) ? 
  selfish filthy dog . 
  he is obviously about to trop a sick beatboxing beat . 
  perhaps the dog want to go to the park and not shop for vodka . 
  the g7 nation not only worried about brexit but also about trump and that saudi arabian peg to usd might break . 
  eddit . 
  bloomberg tv right now says that brexit can trigger a scottish referendum by 2018 . 
  well it is an issue that they are not close to the nordic countries :p, 
  produce more metal band per capita then greece . 
  that awkward moment when greece can into nordic . 
  you need to beat greece for your final test then you can into nordic . 
  over 200years of being neutral and yet have things like this happening is really sad . 
  guess that is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  problematic or not , this is business insider and i wo n't take anything serious from them after publishing so much junk . 
  seriously they had one article before about the central bank 's negative interest rate in sweden and said that people where losing money each day having money on their bank account like wtf ? 
  best to delay the eu referendum and cast the scottish referendum first because the majority of scotts support the eu . 
  politicians gon na be politicians mate . 
  yeah i think it would be good but i guess eu is afraid of the far right growing strong for that right now + uk election . 
  wilmington ( delaware ) = z\u00fcrich ? 
  both biggest city in their stat/country and tax friendly, 
  no oil in downtown houston too im pretty sure about that but they are both linked to the oil industry and russia also is the wild west ( east ) of europe . 
  the saying no one mess with texas goes well with russia , 
   cambridge = cambridge names checks out ... 
  lets set it a little '' higher '' like denver , colorado , 
  no one wants to be detroit voluntary , 
  my house got windows like that in 94 but i do n't know when was the year it become standard . 
  yeah that make sense . 
  did not know russia had no student loan , it must be rare for normal russians to study overseas then ? 
  so there is no loan for students who go overseas ? 
  to be honest seeing a american flag as english language option does make me irritated , even it is my 2nd language i can understand a bit how you feel . 
  [ right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqfzwflovqa ), 
  wow chill espa\u00f1a chill ... 
  was that a insult or something ? 
  well that is the point of this discussion to get triggered i guess lol, 
  assange is a guy with his own agenda and he love to create drama . 
  he was against wikieak to help leaking the panama paper because so few us people where on that leak and even criticized icij for doing the leak slowly in phases for more effects ( when wikileak them self did it to maximize the effect of their leak ) . 
  i think what make the huge difference is that a lot of what count as sexual assaults in other nations count as rape in the statistic in sweden . 
  it sort of make the word rape less serious in the long run which is sad because it is and should be a serious thing . 
  haha gon na tell this next time i see a angry drunk dane '' you lost sk\u00e5ne and norway so therefor you are no scandinavian '' = profit, 
  for the nordes !, 
  top kek, 
  what do piss you off the most between seeing a brazilian flag next to portuguese language option or people saying this ? 
  yeah a rape can be a '' sexual assaults '' in other countries . 
  i find this weird . 
  eddit . 
  even the wikileak guy who had sex with a drunk girl got reported for rape the next day and the world was thinking this was some nsa trying to grab him to fly to usa bullshit . 
  scandinavian culture is very openminded and most people would not feel shameful to report a rape and the police would also take it very serious vs other culture is probably the reason for that . 
  do you really think one country have many times more rape then another ? 
  the rest of the word not reporting their rape is kinda sad . 
  it is shameful and hopeless in most countries to report a rape and it is even a crime in some countries .
