i 'm for mandatory military service , but german style . 
  if you study or work you do n't need to . 
  if you do n't want to go to the military , you do civil service . 
  yes men and women should equally go . 
  it is good for european spirit . 
  it is good for the health system it is good for military recruiting people stop just studying something , because they did n't think about what happens after school . 
  cost alot people against the eu will hate it . 
  also before thinking that way , there should be first a eu army, 
  the prussia was even older , when america blamed it for militarism and authoritarianism and dissolved it . 
  edit : also the lied der deutschen is very old , but still we sing not all of it , because some parts are outdated . 
  i personally want the fehmarnbeltquerung , but are quite a few german that do n't want it . 
  build the tunnel quick and to mainland germany and you will get fehmarn for free . 
  soldier and i see only benefits in a eu army . 
  [ morgen ] ( http://dict.leo.org/dictquery/m-vocab/ende/de.html?searchloc=0&amp;lp=ende&amp;lang=de&amp;directn=0&amp;rmwords=off&amp;search=morgen&amp;resultorder=basic&amp;multiwordshowsingle=on ) = `` morrow '' and `` morning '' in german . 
  yes , you can tip strippers , but most people do n't . 
  you tip them also with bank notes . 
  but strippers are paid by you for single session , lap dance etc. 
  or you pay for the stripper by paying entrance to the club . 
  in the rarest case the strippers are there just to attract people and their wage is generated over consumed goods , like alcohol . 
  in europe everything is regulated so they need a wage , also for any kind of services there is tax . 
  and some countries do n't like people who evade taxes . 
  therefore you pay always in some way for the stripper and expect you like him or her very much , you wo n't tip . 
  but it makes me feel younger . 
  in addition it is also a common 2nd or 3rd language in some eastern/central countries like , poland , hungary , czech republic . 
  coming from east s-h . we have many poles and we see them as hard working people , that switched from helping farmer to ( handwerker ) craftsman . 
  there are still jokes in the younger generation . 
  also many german have surname ending with ow since a long time . 
  and some polish family with german surname back in time german in poles mixed and still today . 
  the problem is the old dying generation , which lived in now poland and hate poland for being shifted on their land `` stealing '' it . 
  ( 1,1 million german refugee to 1,6 native s-h during that time ) and of course right wing . 
  depends on the genre . 
  and how much you into games . 
  also for buying steam is good , because they mostly have all kind of games and even old ones . 
  also many games you play are probably from eu countries . 
  many people speak english and especially the young one . 
  bigger countries like germany synchronize voice and smaller have subtitles . 
  for videogames many are available in different language mostly written . 
  but many times there are plenty mistake so people tend to play in english . 
  most games are made in english , because the market for a single country would be to small and most people speak english in that profession . 
  europe is one of the biggest video game producer so they are some games not published in the usa , but still have an english language/translation . 
  i do n't see that financial speculation are needed for an economy . 
  that made a mess 2008 and is probably making a mess again . 
  it is a high profit industry , but also a high risk . 
  most other nation have a banking structure needed for any form of capitalism and that is giving out loans . 
  also many big banks in london are not only uk companies but parts of bank companies from eu countries or usa, 
  i would consider you are south german , because of your name . 
  i come from s-h . 
  so they might me differences . 
  also standard in an english sentence pls . 
  i would also go with bankautomat and geldautomat . 
  i never heard bankomat before . 
  yes , but that is completely different . 
  look at their treaties and then you see it is be eu or be a slave of the eu . 
  norwegian and swiss chose the slave side . 
  ( no say but pretty much most of the rest ) . 
  i do n't think the brits wanted that . 
  are you serious ? 
  exit is exit . 
  it was said by the eu reentry you need to apply be all terms a new member has too . 
  also i do n't think anybody want to give you any privilege anymore . 
  many people were fed up with you extras , but now leaving and expecting the same , that utterly ridiculous . 
  also the east european now want also special treatment , i think many do n't know what the eu is for . 
  it is not only money , the rich country give to the poor . 
  it is not only free trade . 
  our nation working together to make a better future . 
  not how a single country can profit most out of it . 
  could please veto again , if the britain want to join again , until they do n't think they are special snowflake . 
  speaking is hard for a german . 
  the written language is very easy to read , especially if you know lower german and english . 
  the middle and south german go north to the german beaches so . 
  so the north fled north to the danish people . 
  because danish people mind their own business . 
  but know the middle german ( nordrhein-wespfalen ( nordrheinvandalen ) ) are also going to denmark , so the north german are starting to wander even more to the north . 
  been every year of my life ( 23 years ) in denmark for holiday and often in sweden . 
  danish and swedish people still think i 'm native and start speaking in their language to me even in areas where are 10 germans on one dane . 
  still did n't achieve to learn the language but it is a big goal . 
  bread , labskaus , marzipan and beer food wise , baltic sea and the nice climate geography wise , order and distance person wise . 
  also being part of the eu and a good justice system and being wealthy . 
  as not british citizen i want to see britain out , so they learn there lesson , also to diminish their cherry picking . 
  ( yes every country does it , but britain stands out ) if i would be a british citizen i voted in . 
  i think the video op posted has some reason and there are plenty of more , why it would be smart for the especially the english to stay in . 
  he forgot to mention that london will have a hard time trading euro if there is no eu . 
  the question is how long . 
  i did it also in one night , the night drive , because we put all 3 behind each other . 
  so i drove like 2 hours with a break . 
  regulations are all the same . 
  kubb is also popular in germany , but also we have something similar which is called flunkyball/bierball and do it with beer cans and a lot of drinking . 
  some german cities have more refugees than the us . 
  a windproof rain jacket would even be more great , because wind is also an issue in north europe . 
  okay let me rephrase the eu does n't work that way . 
  in which institution of the european union does germany dominate ? 
  do n't say parliament : we are under represented ( on purpose ) , split in different parties and groupings and even with all meup from france and germany we are far away from a majority . 
  the eu is democracy and germany has no influence . 
  even the ecb is not under german control and even does things which is the exact opposite of what germanys want . 
  why do we need a lead nation ? 
  is democracy not a key principal of the eu ? 
  name me the country being selfish in the european union ? 
  * there 22 eu missions . 
  many eu members states military are in 25 best of the world . 
  * you forgot that france and britain also have nukes .
