   which will force employers to increase wages to attract local workers . 
  good one . 
  maybe london will do just fine but a large amount of areas in the uk rely on the eu quite heavily . 
  for subsidies , trade , and personnel . 
  my area being one of those , a hard brexit will severely impact the economy in my local area . 
  perhaps not on a national level . 
  that too . 
   which is all it needs to remain strong while negotiating . 
  while simultaneously stripping the country bare of whatever they can and selling it off to the highest bidder . 
  it is a bit late now i think . 
   why do people online think scots and irish are these long lost celtic brothers who yearn to be united ? 
  as a scot , who supports indy , i do not want to go into a union with the irish . 
  as much as i love them and spent a good amount of time over there i do n't see any reason why we should have a union . 
  they are doing just fine as they are , hopefully we would be as well . 
  nothing to say we ca n't have a close relationship but there is no need for a union . 
  sadly not . 
  scotland does not seem likely to vote for independence in the forseeable future . 
   just makes me want a for a hard brexit at this point . 
  yes , lets demolish out economy because your feels got hurt on the internet . 
   personally i would love a united kingdom of ireland and britain . 
  fortunately for the irish that does not look likely anytime in the forseeable future . 
  what , you mean make an effort to learn rather than be spoon fed your opinions by the media/government ? 
  do n't be silly man . 
  if you are just going for a holiday , sure , they will probably work something like that out . 
  but universal visa free movement of people across the uk and eu is not going to happen . 
  lol, 
   easy movement of people ( visa free ) across the uk \\ eu . 
  that is n't going to happen . 
  that was one of the main reasons for brexit in the first place . 
  sadly both of those statements are what a lot of brits believe . 
   that is a relic from 2001 . 
  the country was unstable during that time . 
  attacks of that scale have not occurred since than . 
  and yet it is still in place ...  using the same logic you presented , you should probably abstain from describing situations you know nothing about in the uk as well . 
  nope , he is right about that . 
  no no no , it is fine to be emotional if your emotional knee-jerk response is the same as his . 
   however sometimes it 's not about what you need but about what you can give . 
  you ca n't argue with these people using those arguments , they do n't care . 
  they are about to elect a party that is determined to strip every government assistance program to the bone . 
  brexit is far more important to them than helping the poor and the needy . 
  the tories can get away with doing whatever they like , so long as they take us out of the eu . 
   america needs to do shit like this on a systemic basis . 
  while we 're at it , we could tie our acceptance of countries like cz and poland being nato members to questions like this . 
  that way the deal would be `` acknowledge your past crimes , or else we 'll let russia come and commit new crimes in your house '' . 
  while you are at it , are you going to start doing the same to the saudis that supported and funded 9/11 ? 
   encouraging or normalising the break up of the traditional family leads to social problems - check i can see your point for all the others but you are going to have to cite some sources for that one . 
  aside from religious people getting triggered i have seen nothing about the breakdown of civilization thanks to letting gay people marry . 
   at least try using sense when you are making a point . 
  look at his username . 
  he is physically incapable . 
  that was his 1-on-1 interview was n't it ? 
  some of those [ unintelligible ] s were at very convenient places for trump ... 
   this comment is a fucking joke . 
  yea because when it comes to our turn we are totally going to stand up to them and not utterly back down and accept whatever shit deal they can come up with ^ / s, 
  yep , looks like we are staying put with england and joining them on the trip out sadly . 
  maybe one day i will be able to migrate to a european country and rejoin a union i actually support . 
  yep , us brits ca n't really comment on the us , our administration is in shambles as well . 
   until the government ca n't afford to pay your benefits anymore . 
  ca n't afford ? 
  this is the tories we are talking about . 
  benefits for the poor will be the first thing to be slashed , regardless of if we can afford them or not . 
  it is tradition . 
  and we are more than happy to vote them into power en mass just to screw us over . 
   if there is anything good about trump and brexit then maybe people finally start to realize that voting is not a joke i hope you are right but at the moment i am far too cynical to believe that to be the case . 
  does n't matter , corbyn 's plans are irrelevant , he will never be in a position to implement them . 
  i ca n't understand that thinking either . 
  we fucking live here . 
  regardless of if you are right or not you still have to deal with the fallout , surely you would be hoping for a good result ... 
  apparently not though . 
  i know it is only an anecdote but almost every leave voter i have spoken to ( in real life , not in fake internet life ) has wanted to see it collapse . 
  granted , up here there were not a lot of them so chances are there is a higher number of the ones who want to see it fail but i still do n't see why they care . 
   wishing that it falls apart that is what i do n't get . 
  sure , we are leaving because they percieve the eu as being terrible for the uk but now that they are getting their way , why do they want to see it fail ? 
  why do they even care at this point ? 
  argentina can fuck off . 
  what benefits are we missing out on by not being allowed to take part in making deals that we will be out of the eu for when they start ? 
  why ? 
  they wont affect us , why would we be consulted about that . 
  on top of that , why should we even fucking care , we are trying to leave . 
  the only reason i could see us being interested in joining these deals is to try and screw the eu over as we leave . 
  that is the only benefit the uk could get from this . 
  he is butthurt that we are n't getting a say in deals the eu is negotiating that we wont be affected by due to leaving . 
  one would assume the eu would then start freezing our benefits as a result . 
  this move makes sense by the eu . 
  there is no point in letting the uk have a say on something that will not affect it . 
  freezing our contributions as a result of this is just pathetic . 
   b ) the snp only contributes to the single party state as they make scottish votes worthless . 
  that 's funny , the scottish votes are already worthless . 
  even if everyone in scotland voted for the same party , they still need a large number in england to vote for said party . 
  in the last 30 years , the scottish vote has mattered maybe twice in a general election . 
   without fptp they 'd be far weaker than they are . 
  they have the most seats per vote in the country !, 
  considering they managed to get a majority in scotland , where it is n't fptp and is designed to prevent majorities , something tells me you are pulling that information out of your arse . 
  edit : as to your first point , i ca n't really comment . 
  lib dems have only been relevant in my adult life once , when they were in bed with the tories in a coalition government that destroyed them . 
  how effective they will be in an opposition setting , i do n't know and have little faith . 
   well if you read the top comments on here , they are n't meant as piss takes or melodrama . 
  how can you be so 100 % sure of that , then turn around and start telling everyone the dm is tongue-in-cheek when it does the same thing , only to a viewpoint you disagree with ? 
  i 've been here all my life and i 'm not sure i want to stay much longer either . 
  yay , a single party state , just what we always fucking wanted .
