u mad . 
   so that means they 'd have to put up and enforce a border with england in that case , i assume we will see one in ni then ? 
   in the uk , climate change is an accepted phenomena , unlike the us where there are still plenty of influential people unwilling to accept it as fact . 
  yea , at least our government actually acknowledge it is a thing . 
  yea , trump has been alienating the intelligence community in the us . 
  i do n't condone their actions , these leaks are a pretty serious issue but you can certainly see how it has come to pass . 
  especially with the very `` us-vs-them '' mentality going about these days . 
   for no benefit for themselves ? 
  no monetary benefit . 
  they probably are getting something from this though . 
  if we keep screwing around with the climate the hot weather will come to us , for a short time until the unending winter arrives . 
  for [ the greater good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yupbolithjy ) !, 
  i know right , i have a compound word that i learned on the internet that will give gchq an aneurysm . 
  face-sitting . 
  it is terrible , i know . 
  such an affliction i have to live with . 
   for example the electoral commission ca n't access passport databases , schools ca n't access records unless parents sign up to the school etc. 
  but they can all access your browser history . 
  my only hope after brexit is to see the conservatives out of no. 10 after june . 
  so if we are n't worried about eu immigrants why are we leaving the eu , over ( predominantly ) immigrants ? 
  and what then is to just stop them hopping the ni border and then be in the uk without a hard border then ? 
  our media here is the worst . 
  they need a good slap . 
  haha , your phone is a euro-skeptic . 
   contempt i think you mean content . 
  contempt gives that sentence a whole different meaning . 
   contempt k\u0259n\u02c8t\u025bm ( p ) t/submit noun the feeling that a person or a thing is worthless or beneath consideration . 
  scotland is going to get gutted if this goes through . 
   kinda looks like someone is projecting . 
  not really . 
  i openly admit i would n't be hanging around , and i am not the one running about on the internet or to reporters saying i would take up the fight were this one bad thing to happen . 
  i am saying he is acting big and tough to get attention but wont put his money , or life , where his mouth is . 
  i do n't have that option because my money/life is in agreement with my mouth . 
  i was using it as an example . 
  go back and read my post again - the main focus was never on the refugees . 
  if you really want me to break it down for you : i was comparing nige to the keyboard warriors . 
  the ones who complain about things but if they were in that position they would n't have the balls to follow through with their statements . 
  the refugees are irrelevant to my point . 
  considering i specified family , it is pretty obvious it is n't them i am talking about then , is n't it ? 
   those young men should fight for their country sorry , but in their shoes i would agree with them . 
  make sure your family is safe first , country comes second . 
  my point is , it is all talk by our good friend nige here . 
  if brexit does n't happen he will bitch and moan , maybe move to the states where he can get a job with his good friend trump but he certainly wont be part of a revolution . 
  sure you will nige , just like all the keyboard warriors who say the refugees should fight for their country rather than running away yet if it were to happen to them they 'd piss themselves and flee . 
  i like a lot about both the lib dem 's and labour 's manifesto . 
  the problem is trust . 
  i do not trust either of those two parties to follow through on even half of what they propose . 
  it is all well and good having a job but if you do n't get paid enough to live off ... 
  and yet we still have excessive use of welfare , food banks , etc. 
  if so many people are employed yet they still need to look to the government for assistance there is clearly something wrong . 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  i 'd be fine with using the euro . 
  and tbh even if we did want to come back i would be surprised if europe would want us back . 
   boris johnson is the foreign secretary and a * potential future prime minister * . 
  his words hold some weight and are likely rooted in meaningful senior conservative discussion boris johnson ? 
  seriously ? 
  good one . 
  after the brexit debacle he led ( lets not forget all the lies he peddled ) i have a hard time seeing him ever leading this country . 
  so no , the idea is * not * what you said it was because they do n't have an idea for the policy yet , you just pulled that out of your ass ( or got it from johnson , who pulled it from his arse ), 
   well the idea where are you getting this idea from ? 
  i have seen nothing from may or any of her team corroborating what you just said . 
   maturity have you seen the shambles that is the tory party recently ? 
  may does n't even have the maturity to face her own public during an election campaign . 
  yep , sad as i personally am to be getting dragged out , the uk leaving the eu has the potential to be greatly beneficial to the eu . 
  the uk were one of the worst for wielding their veto whenever the eu wanted more integration . 
  hopefully this works out nicely for the eu so there is some silver lining in this shambles . 
  fucking hell , how deep do you have to go ? 
  all the way to nz ? 
  except she is pushing for the hardest of deals . 
  that is one of the reasons she is getting so much hate . 
  in a referendum this close she is pushing for the most extreme option . 
   the optimist within me entertains the idea of the electorate gradually turning against the idea of a brutal brexit over the next few as the implications of such a scenario become more obvious and widely accepted . 
  i highly doubt we will see such a massive swing in the electorate in the space of a month or so . 
   well , that was said by nigel farage , not by the government , or ? 
  nope , that was said by the tories . 
  more specifically , championed by our current foreign minister . 
   he in fact distanced himself from it did he now ? 
  i never saw that during the referendum , do you have a source for that by chance ? 
   leaves them vulnerable to demogogues and con men . 
  remind me again who is your current president and on what platform he was elected on ? 
  the queen ? 
  iirc she has the power ...  it 's just dumb . 
  yep . 
  did n't you know ? 
  the eu is a horrible institution that has been oppressing the uk government by stopping it from oppressing its citizens . 
  yep , this is what is pissing me off about brexit most of all . 
  people are so tunnel visioned on that that the tories can get away with whatever they like and people do n't care . 
  this , the snooper 's charter , the even more digital surveillance they are rolling out soon , and the recent benefits cuts ( with a side order of tax break for the rich ) can all get through without a peep in the media because ** strong and stable **, 
  instead you will get raped by brad , your local swimming ace with a rich daddy . 
  other people 's words on the internet are not an excuse for your ( in general , not you specifically ) poor voting choice , that is on you . 
  if you are so easily influenced that you let a few comments online change how you vote so you vote for something you realise was a mistake later , that is on you , not the people who offended you . 
   this is the only sub where people are actively harassed and banned for commenting on some other sub . 
  no it is n't . 
  and , as evidenced from the above poster still being here , it does n't even do that . 
   how about basing themselves on actual policy , or political priorities ? 
  because then they would have to take responsibility for their actions rather than blaming it on someone 's comments on the internet . 
  the whole `` this is why trump/brexit won '' is such a bullshit cowards excuse . 
  no trump and brexit happened because people voted for it . 
  if you voted because of a few comments on the internet that hurt your feelings that is * your * issue , not the people who made the comments . 
  i support the idea of capital punishment , there are some people ( as you alluded to ) who can not be safely integrated into society .
