a personal god is like the holy google , it knows if you have been naughty or nice , and places creepy adds in front of your face to prove that you have been penetrated . 
  prepare for a tsunami of southern baptist missionaries from alabama then . 
  the part where the russian ortbodox church had everyone by the balls . 
  cue star wars theme ... 
  yes . 
  there are many options that would be acceptable to both turkish kurds and the turkish government . 
  a form of autonomy that allows cross-border trade with kurdistan will be a good thing . 
  allowing the kurds to police themselves and educate themselves will be appreciated by turkish kurds . 
  in exchange the turkish kurds would not have any armed organizations and would continue to serve in the turkish army like other turkish citizens . 
  foreign affairs would also be the business of the turkish government . 
  it could work . 
  europa ? 
  i understand all about lying , pandering politicians , thanks . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  talk about an unnecessary controversy . 
  no one would have noticed them , but now they will be an issue in the press . 
  constant comment will ensue that will take away from the ceremonies . 
  by trying to head off the french from scoring subliminal eu points the british stepped right into the merde and now , eu flags will be everywhere . 
  and they do represent a sort of pax europeana . 
  happy summer solstice !, 
  the solstices and equinoxes should be our four major holidays for sure . 
  that was amazing . 
  that 's right . 
  just ask the french . 
  it is a love/hate relationship in both directions all the time . 
  yes , i own a soviet era pocket watch . 
  understand why those jokes would be funny . 
  that 's not the impression of sweden in america but the you are looking at their back side ... so ... yes , understandable . 
  edit words, 
  i bet the finns have the best russian jokes . 
  dear finns , put all your stuff on your potkukelika and come on over , not that you ca n't handle those ruskies all by yourselves , but we remember the russo-finnish war and i 'll bet you do too . 
  america melted-down all its germans . 
  most americans have some ` german blood ' somewhere in their genealogies along with blood from nearly every other european country . 
  more like the serious-looking creepy guy who is stalking the girl after she told him to get lost . 
  so ... unfrench them then . 
  gift them to the saudis like surprise packages or something . 
  no problem . 
  for every mosque built in germany , a church is built in saudi arabia , people are allowed to wear christian garb and you do n't butcher people who leave your religion or homosexuals . 
  then maybe . 
  do n't invite those silly englishmen over with their longbows again , crap we saw enough action at cr\u00e8cy and agincourt , and my armor is in shit shape now . 
  lost dozens of ancestors in those battles , good thing they had sex before heading out eh . 
  china will come build some islands . 
  fox news ... eat your heart out ... their bimbos are much hotter than yours and they probably even actually do news . 
  now isis can also call for the return of an islamic republic of east turkistan ( eastern xinjiang province more or less ) to motivate the chinese to join russia in loving these primitives as well . 
  that 's the cutest penis ever . 
  spell it like ar\u00e5f\u00e4te and you could sell it as ice cream . 
  you must be getting american training because we lose billions and have no idea where thousands of our tanks are . 
  sounds cooler when you read it with a swiss german accent . 
  i want to go live in that elf tree . 
  we still eat ham , drink too much , enjoy the solstice season . 
  was waiting for a brave turk to reply to that . 
  remain anonymous my friend . 
  and i notice that the canadian media is mixed as well so french canadians would be more familiar with the sound of the french as spoken in france i guess , than the other way around . 
  could probably sell well in ankara . 
  turkish sounds much more smooth to me than russian or arabic . 
  turkish has a very pleasant sound to the ears and i love to hear it . 
  russian sounds like you are falling forward and gutterally complaining about it . 
  arabic and hebrew sound like a rapidfire gutteral cursing . 
  yes to that ... swiss german sounds like german spoken backwards . 
  french canadian is incomprehensible to me sometimes , but they have no problem understanding my continental french . 
  but i love 'em anyway . 
  to me hebrew sounds like a person clearing flegm from their throat , while irish sounds like music . 
  wait ... you 're not a finn ... are you ? 
  you 're just trying to take my seat on the refugee train you bugger . 
  me : likes saunas , lakes , birches , and quiet walks in the woods and strong spirits liberally applied . 
  i can already smell the clean air , and i am boring as shit , and wear a little black cloud over my head , so would never be bored or dissapointed . 
  am i in yet ? 
  far upstate new york is ok too i suppose if i have to stay here ... it 's pretty much the same as finland i think . 
  me too ? 
  the point is that using a non-latin script is less engaging with europe and creates another barrier if europeanization was ever a real goal . 
  i have no problem with the arabic script , studied it in school as a child in north africa and i agree that it is beautiful . 
  but mustapha kemal thought that the latin script rendered the sounds of turkish better than the arabic alphabet ... is this true ? 
  anyway , turkish kids , and kids everywhere deserve a good education , not a home-schooled environment where the only important thing to learn is the koran/bible/torah . 
  attaturk had it exactly right . 
  jokes on the children unfortunately . 
  edited to remove an obnoxious comment . 
  erdogan should remove all the phony honor guards around mustapha kemal attaturk 's tomb and use the monument as a landfill for ankara 's abandoned dreams of a modern secular turkey that is a part of europe . 
  they may as well begin writing in arabic script again and sending their children to koran school . 
  us trusts english-speaking countries ( the tribe and all that ) . 
  france ? 
  not as much , even though we have never been at war with them and they are `` our oldest ally '' . 
  i guess in canada they have to let their fellow citizens who happen to be francophones also read the classified traffic . 
  added on edit : bet that loose detail frosts some anglo arse . 
  we used to talk in terms of a `` north-south war '' in which the poor southern hemisphere nations would rise up against their wealthy northern hemisphere countries because they will blame the north for their poverty . 
  i do n't mean to insult turkish people . 
  i lived there many years . 
  my comment refers to the policies of the current government that consistently pushes my wtf button . 
  turkey , you have dissapointed yet again . 
  those are my uncle sam 's drones i think . 
  he looses them all the time . 
  the moon glinting off of the tops of the stones of the ring of brodgar , in the winter with the snowy background looking blue , still in the shadows . 
  my drone broke so unfortunately will just have to imagine it . 
  shhhh oil slick . 
  time for ireland to simply nationalize the schools and provide a decent secular education for all the children regardless of their parents ' confession . 
  the government of ireland can let the church know they are getting off easy with just losing a few buildings and the chance to catechize their charges . 
  maybe ireland is no longer a papal fiefdom . 
  maybe parts of it ... 
  `` gender theory '' a new apocalypse to jihad against ( never heard of it ) ... and the church is not colonizing minds with its doctrines and engaging in the insidious indoctrination of children ? 
  gosh . 
  i can see that fat bourgeois nero-look-alike wearing a toga for sure and playing on his short instrument while watching paris , rome and berlin burn ... then blame it on the muslims and have them rounded-up .
