exactly this . 
  if only the eu had some kind of system like ours where we could elect people to represent us . 
  if you are n't here already , move to scotland and vote to yes to europe !, 
  apparently not a racist , just a misogynist . 
  righty ho . 
  the support we have been shown from across the continent has been really heartwarming . 
  never been prouder to be european . 
  thank you for this !, 
  you have answered your own question regarding our relationship with the eu . 
  it ` might ' have been possible to come to another arrangement from within the uk , and the resolution for finding out if that was the case was supported by every party in our parliament bar the tories who abstained - and were roundly lambasted for it . 
  even if the chance that any of these possibilities bearing fruit was infinitesimal , what did you want our government to say ? 
  `` it 's unlikely that we will reach a deal , so we are going to go ahead with another independence referendum without even trying to explore alternatives '' ? 
  that would have gone down like a lead balloon . 
  my main issue with the post was the ` unspoken promises ' phrase . 
  nothing was promised , except that if all else failed the snp would push for another indyref . 
  it is also hard to argue against something , or even know what it is , if it apparently has n't been said !, 
  what are these ` unspoken promises ' ? 
  nothing has been suggested as even being likely , nevermind promised to us , verbally or otherwise . 
  there have been ` possibilities ' spoken of , but anyone with their finger on the pulse knew it was practically inconceivable that we would get any kind of special-snowflake status within the uk . 
  and anyone who thinks that being forced to go to another independence referendum to keep scotland in the eu is a ` snub ' to the snp is either wilfully ignorant , trying to spin the news to their own agenda , or has n't been paying one iota of attention to scottish politics for several decades . 
  this is my stance - exceptions are a terrible idea and have only caused problems for the eu . 
  something will have to be worked out regarding schengen and the common travel area - but in principle , i would be in favour of joining if it were feasible . 
  and yes , i am also in favour of making a commitment to join the euro . 
  i saw a discussion a friend was having on fb . 
  he was reporting the effect the drop in the pound and the markets has had on his finances , when some cretin leaped in to tell him that `` it 's over , stop scaremongering ' '' when he responded with images showing the ftse and pound falling , they called it ` propaganda ' . 
  what can you do in the face of such ignorance ? 
  democracy does n't have to be like that . 
  it * should n't * be like that . 
  you live here , you contribute , you deserve a say . 
  for better or worse , it was like that in our independence referendum , but many did n't want to interfere because they did n't realise we considered scotland to be their country too . 
  `` they ca n't punish us because they need us , so lets leave them hanging while the uncertainty eats into their economies and they come to the realisation that we deserve all the benefits with none of the costs . '', 
  farage 's next job will be going round the country selling magic beans - that is , if those who support him have any money left . 
  this . 
  he also ignores than many of us , especially in my country , are proud europeans and believe in the principles and goals of the eu project . 
  it is difficult to convince someone of the benefits of cooperation when they ask only what they get out of it . 
  the scottish greens at least are very left wing and they have ( in my eyes ) an outstanding leader in our parliament and a fantastic vision for the future . 
  the option is there . 
  many here seem to * want * to be on the left , but they do not seem to * believe * that left wing policy can be successful . 
  they instead flock to a party that uses the rhetoric of the left , but is much closer to centre - we could do much worse than this , however . 
  those in favour of independence , free from the corrupt and entrenched ways of westminster , speak of changing the country to be fairer for all and a positive influence in this direction . 
  will reality match these aspirations ? 
  i pray we can at least try , and from the bottom of my heart , i hope - nay , i will follow the example of our msp from yesterday to * beg * - that our european brothers and sisters can give us all the encouragement you can afford to take this step . 
  not really , he called the vote but was campaigning against it - i doubt he 's anyone 's champion of anything . 
  that said , i still fully agree with you !, 
  i second that . 
  putting the issue of scottish independence aside : despite being devastated on a personal level to be leaving the eu , in morbid sense , i am also somewhat happy for the eu . 
  the uk would never fully commit to the principles and goals of the eu , and i sincerely hope you can make better progress without us . 
  i 'd rather see my country fall to ruin than the entire continent being hostage to the uk 's selfish whims . 
  that said , replacing the uk with another member state who is proud to be european would be the best of both worlds !, 
  people were * trying * to talk to them , but it was like talking to a brick wall . 
  how can you possibly reason with people who say they do n't want to listen to * experts * ? 
  love it !, 
  that is irrelevant . 
  i will ask again - given the chance to fulfil an election promise , do you think the snp should renege ? 
   they know it 'd just cause flight of people this is is why i talked about realism . 
  # 20 does n't seem like much , and yes it would bolster our coffers , but for the rich , who would be the real revenue generators , it would be just another excuse to find ways to avoid their taxes . 
  and this is without factoring in how much of scotland 's wealth is owned by people who are not domiciled here , which will remain the case until we see * radical * reforms , especially in regard to landownership . 
  while this is the only tax lever under the uk , it will be neigh impossible to see the kind of progressive tax system the people on the left want . 
  however , that is not to say that i disagree with you on the snp 's positioning on the political spectrum - they are left wing in rhetoric only . 
  if we were independent , i 'd drop them like a hot potato and campaign tirelessly for the greens . 
  forgive me if i completely disregard the opinion of a racist xenophobe , 
  so you are arguing that governments should ignore their election promises ? 
  you are correct , but 47 % did vote for a political party that promised to explore the option of a second referendum in the event of brexit . 
  that was only last month . 
  i should bloody well hope she is using me to get what she wants , as that is the reason i voted for her !, 
  democracy . 
  except it 's not the end of the story , as only last month we chose to elect a government running on a platform of seeking to hold another referendum should this exact scenario arise . 
  democracy in the past should not prevent democracy in the future . 
  in out country , at least , it is the will of the people that is sovereign . 
  47 % of voters endorsed a manifesto that promised to do exactly what she is doing right now . 
  as devolution progresses , it was become more and more clear that our countries are moving in opposite directions , and this latest referendum sharply highlights that . 
  i do n't have a problem with further integration , the issue would be what we were integrating with . 
  what do `` asians '' have to do with the eu ? 
  regardless , given how much of a positive contribution immigrants make to our society , yes , that does sound pretty wonderful . 
  indeed , i 'd be willing to cede even more of our sovereignty if it meant ending a union with a country where an outright racist and bigoted minority can have such a powerful voice as england has . 
  i do n't worry about our future going forward - it is the rational majority of our english friends that will have to put up with ignorant cretins like you i feel sorry for . 
  there are many valid criticisms to be made of the snp government , but this is not one of them . 
  the tax powers we got are a lame duck - the only thing we can realistically do with them is shaft the poor even further . 
  edit : well , not a valid criticism if you are progressive and left-leaning , i guess :p, 
  that is the requirement for joining the euro , which in itself is n't required eu membership , only that you agree to join when you meet the conditions . 
  it is not too long ago that the uk 's deficit was over 10 % also . 
  as for the chapters of the acquis , we do conform to every standard , given that we are already part of a member state . 
  edit : seems i am wrong on this . 
  we would need the uk 's current exemption on the stability and growth pact to continue running such a deficit . 
  it may seem that way , but they will now be depending on the very same london-centric establishment they just kicked in the nuts to match the funding they will no longer be allocated by the eu . 
  and why are those places poor in the first place ? 
  because the establishment is london-centric and likes to pump money into the city rather than where it is needed most . 
  even with the ludicrously high figures the snp were spouting for oil revenues , it only accounted for 15 % of their revenue in the white paper . 
  there is no question that scotland would still be one of the richer countries in the eu - look beyond france and germany and consider who their member states are . 
  how is this different from our current situation ? 
  we do n't have have our own seat at the table . 
  she consistently crushes all the other party leaders in approval rating . 
  i have n't seen one that includes her alongside the westminster party leaders in a while , but for a time after the last general election , she had the highest approval rating across * the entire united kingdom * . 
  not really . 
  while it may seem like this is a great boon for her cause , it may in fact be the sword of damocles . 
  the snp obviously want to hold another referendum , but the next time that happens they * need * to win . 
  it is only right that we are asked the question once more , given the support for the eu and the provisions in the snp manifesto , but if this does n't sway public opinion by a wide enough margin to make the outcome extremely likely , being forced into an early indyref2 by political circiumstance may be a very scary prospect for them . 
  losing a second time will spell the end of the dream for a long time to come . 
  true , and it is perfectly reasonable that these things do not occur whenever the political winds shift direction . 
  at some point though , when there has been sustained support and political progress towards this aim , as there has been in scotland , the view ceases to be ` radical ' .
