once nobody sees ( notices ) we act, 
  no in finland we have fucked up tv providers who buy the show one year after us airing & amp ; it takes at least the amount of weeks that there is episodes to show them & amp ; after that they have 6 month exclusive window . 
  yeah it 's really annoying . 
  sone stuff end up to netflix really quickly but others dont & amp ; some times i think it 's just the lack of investment from netflix . 
  the ott providers dont buy exclusivities here only sometimes but the tv providers do but the exclusive window, 
  amazing law to kill protestors . 
  `` in any crowd we can kill you '', 
  here we can see how russians ( kremlin ) quietly backs off from it 's decisions when it is quiet, 
  finn talking here & i truly believe estonians can do what the prime minister said . 
  sadly the situation here in finland does n't look as bright right now but i have hope although not as much as i have with estonia, 
  you were lucky . 
  if you went to the place were they are playing music all the time at night time you 're gon na get shitty service . 
  of course conditions can have changed ever since, 
  pro tip dont eat there . 
  food is expensive & shitty . 
  go to the corridors . 
  there is a place held by 2 twin brothers with beards it 's tavern something & there is absolutely great food . 
  i 've eaten there 4 times . 
  youtube does n't really have copy righted stuff ( or at least the studios are not worried about that ) the damn studios dont allow even 1080p on browser with some titles & that is absolutely ridiculous, 
  works well for me . 
  the providers always find a way . 
  it 's not like you 're locked on one country like they promised but instead that this x provider is banned & then the provider finds a another wsy, 
  in my case ( finn here ) i unblock all the netflixes & i then i find pretty much what i want to watch but scandinavian libraries are complete jokes . 
  luckily i 've got used to watching stuff in english or spanish without subs so i dont mind if there is no subs available ( p.s. 
  on whoch device are you watching ? 
  i 'm watching on ps4 & the subs are displaying at sd resolution instead of hd & i cant stand it . 
  thats mainly why i trained myself to hear without subs . 
  it 's bad for anime/non english/spanish stuff tough ), 
  black mirror hahhaa, 
  good job . 
  i 'm so hapoy we had this since about 9 years ago or so . 
  i vouldnt have beared all the smokers inside . 
  already enough outside, 
  almost same as in finnish and probably any finncould understand all of these ( some of these like austria come from germanic language tree but anyone who speaks english could understand all of those ), 
  yeah we aasi is donkey it has long a and short s and i. banaani you can probably guess this one it 's one of the only ones with b. 
  of course !, 
   spanish is pronounced almost exactly the same way with few exceptions & i believe it 's the same thing with italian, 
  we pronounce words exactly like they 're written . 
  i have been learning spanish and i see lot of similarities between italian and spanish . 
  the italian way to say for example internazionale sound like internazionaale . 
  in finnish we write long sounds as two of the same vowel . 
  i do n't know how the accent is everywhere but that 's what i 've heard on il commissario montalbano , 
  finnish is finnish-uralic language . 
  espanja is perfectly same in spanish and in finnish nj is just written \u00f1 in spanish . 
  if you get a job then will but if you do n't then nothing changes, 
  first off if you knew how much people already gain trough the benefit system it 's like 500 $ at least . 
  this is better because then you wo n't be punished for working . 
  if you earned more you would get less benefits and in the end you might only get 200-400 $ more and thats not really couraging ... 
  yeah it used to be like that for our school 's muslims until grade two when their parents or whoever told them it was inapprovable . 
  i have always wondered how do muslims or jews feel when others are celebrating christmas and they 're left out ( if they are ) in finland for example christmas is no longer big religious festival it 's more like a tradition & nobody really thinks christian things then ( except for the really believers ) and people who have left critianity still celebrate christmas & i believe it should be like that : nobody should feel left out, 
  no we didnt we have been independent since 1917 we did back in the 13th century by sweden until russia did for 150 years which ended in 1917 then we had civil war and during second world war russia tried to invade our country but we did n't give up ( we had to side with hitler bc he gave us ammo & wespons . 
  our president made the promises to him not by the parliament . 
  later the promises were dismissed because president did n't have the authority and germans burned parts of our country ) but we remained free . 
  our tecnological revolution started because for war payment to russia . 
  we had to make trains etc lots of products . 
  now to be clear im talking about ussr, 
  most of the time the propaganda works, 
  well it would be very unlikely that us govt would send assassin to your house if you lived in russia, 
  why would you exclude nordics if i may ask ? 
  we had a russian teacher teaching us subjects ( not russian ) the history books of finland blew her mind because in russia they do n't tell these things about stalin etc. 
  no wonder why they never learn . 
  only if they are working but the social money support is quite good . 
  i think the basic income could be good for everyone no more reason to not earn few extra euros ( before you would 've lost some benefits but that will change in 2017 ) and now this finally . . 
  finally after months of shit ( like recently a very political battle that was all about party support ) they 're doing something right, 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  never heard of this before & already you 're saying that people support this . 
  well anyway this wo n't happen, 
  where is the source ? 
  no way the figures are correct for finland, 
  we have lots of rules once you learn them you 're king of the hill . . 
  things are spelled exactly like they 're said except for less than 10 words in the whole language . .  a\u00e4 or \u00f6o can not be in the same word unless it 's combined word like motorcycle as an example in english . 
  what do you think about the things ? 
  of course there is some terrible english speaking people here in finland too but majority speaks well these days ( of people under 40 years old ), 
  dubbing & supioriority thinking of their language, 
  no thats not it . 
  finnish is n't germanic language and it 's easy for us as well for the same reasons that were mentioned, 
  of course we take tutkish side even as their leader is erdogan . 
  russia has done same thing to many european countries even as far as uk and testing reactions . 
  nato or national army has guided the planes out ... 
  these arent accidents ... 
  it 's about time someone shot down their plane, 
  i 'd like to know why did you decide to learn finnish ? 
  seems like there is lots of people as of now learning my mother tongue, 
  i 'm from finland and i speak finnish , english ( fluently ) , swedish ( quite basically but i understand it a lot better than speak ) & i 'm learning spanish atm, 
  they need buffer zone except : when they get it they put people there & say hah we need a buffer zone, 
  grats latvia is one year `` younger '' than finland , 
  sinuhe the egyptian by mika waltari . 
  this book was really amazing imo & ( in other people 's opinion too ) if you like historical stuff especially egyptian this is great book for you, 
  remember we are europeans not americans . 
  people would just laugh at the claim, 
  seriously you know how corporations work, 
  no i think if spotify can save money they 'll take it, 
  now i really hope they do & i hope european companies will join too then they 'll be taken seriously, 
  for fking once they could do something right, 
  no they are our brothers . 
  there is no brother like estonia, 
  this guy is brave . 
  he 'll probably get executed in some dark place . 
  too bad good people always get the bad things . 
  yeah if entire karelia - karjala in finnish was still part of finland things would be lot better there .
