  wait , you seriously got 20 upvotes for this bs you wrote ? 
  i think you are full of it . 
  even though i only wrote a comment about islam and racism , and you went into all sorts of stuff , i answered to almost every single point you made . 
  that is the opposite of cherry picking . 
  why do n't you start reading my comments and focus on what i wrote . 
  and do n't start a discussion on kony 2012 , when i was merely saying that someone that has ' a problem with islam ' is obviously a racist and thus not moderate . 
   does that mean that you would put someone who for example thinks that indians are tight with their money in the same bracket as the leader of the kkk ? 
  having bad stereotypes of groups is part of the ` racist phenomenon ' , though racism is a lot bigger than that . 
  obviously the kkk , as a racist hate group , is an extreme example . 
  but money is money , no matter if it is a dollar or a million dollars . 
  it is still money . 
  what is the big difference between those ? 
  a hater is a hater . 
  most islamophobes will associate brown skin with muslim anyways . 
  it is quite interchangeable . 
   not everyone is nazi racist fascist which is exactly what i wrote . 
  there is a lot of room for all kinds of racists between the extremist nazi and the moderate . 
  you think all racists are nazis ? 
   we cure the world by allowing couple million each year to migrate here a couple million what ? 
  we are talking about europe . 
  europe has 500 million inhabitants . 
  a couple million migrants is nothing out of the ordinary . 
  and i never wrote anything about migrants to begin with . 
  i wrote about racism . 
   and what the hell , why is it our responsibility to cure these places ? 
  that is an interesting question . 
  responsibility . 
  because actually , we are . 
  we colonized the middle east and set those conditions up . 
  our biggest ally in the region is saudi arabia , which is funding isis . 
  without our military support all through the latter half of the 20th century , saudi arabia and the rest of the gulf monarchies would n't exist . 
  then there are unfair trade deals that kill entire economies and bring instability to a lot of regions . 
  there is so much responsibility , that you will have to dig very hard to find something we are not , at least in part , responsible for . 
   that everyone that thinks that criminals or welfare leeches are bad ding !, 
  i found the racist . 
  refugees are criminals and welfare leeches . 
  no wonder you are so upset . 
  you feel caught . 
   kony 2012 you do know that kony is christian , right ? 
  / u/capsulets has a problem with islam . 
  not christianity . 
   i do n't know you , but for me personally you strike as a fool that keeps chanting racist racist for the slightest provocation on subject that would require very critical thinking . 
  i simply called a racist a racist . 
  i did n't even go into all the topics you went into . 
  tell that to the jews from germany ... 
   have an issue with the way a lot of muslim interpret islam he wrote he had an issue with islam , period . 
  not every racist is an extremist , but there is a lot of room between a moderate and an extremist . 
  islamophobia is as much racist as anti-semitism . 
  yes , all three are different in targets and culture , but share the sentiment . 
  and if you take a closer look at the causes , they become virtually identical , because you do n't need a muslim or jew , you only need a racist or islamophobe , and to those people , the target of their hate is rather arbitrary . 
  i am also not against refugees . 
  but if you close borders , people will switch to boats again . 
  just look at the mexican-us border . 
  they built a lot of fences and walls . 
  the effect was that people simply cross the border in more remote areas and more people are dying as a result . 
  but the number of people crossing does n't really change . 
  i am not sure what to do . 
  setting up better camps in turkey and having asylum applications for europe in those camps seems like the smartest idea , imho . 
  but then we have to cooperate with `` democracy-my-ass-erdogan '' , which will leave you with a very foul taste in your mouth . 
  placing those camps within the eu may be the best option . 
  which brings us back to dublin , btw . 
  it does n't exactly get easier if another country intentionally makes tons of people require hospitalization , before sending them over the border , does it ? 
  how many hospital beds do you have ? 
  hypothermia is no joke . 
  and if you destroy their possessions , they need cloth , food and shelter and ca n't even pay for it , because , well , they lost their money in the river . 
  but at least now we can all agree on them being stinking liars , because they ` threw away ' their passports . 
   moderate people who have issues with islam racists are n't moderate . 
  if you have an issue with blacks or christians or muslims or jews or whatever group you are currently hating , you will most likely not be moderate in the rest of your views either . 
  if i write about a murder in munich and fail to mention a stabbing in paris , i am not biased . 
  is that soooooo difficult to grasp ? 
  what you are doing is called [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  the racist incidents in this report are unrelated to possible other ` wrongdoings ' done by a third party . 
  i should have mentioned this way earlier in this discussion . 
  what you are doing is a clear case of [ whataboutism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) . 
  i do n't need to mentioned unrelated issues , when reporting on something . 
  so racist violence against refugees is ok , because some of them have been reported to be also racist . 
  that is your point ? 
  those two things are not related in any way . 
  racist violence on the one hand and whatever 'em ergency calls ' you are referring to are different things . 
  you would need to count racist incidents at refugee homes , though i doubt there are currently any meaningful statistics . 
  i do n't get this comment . 
  if a refugee in hamburg hits a german guy , it would be ok for munich to torch a refugee camp ? 
  that equals out , in your opinion ? 
  we have a lot of choice . 
  the ones that make it to the top are the ones that people choose . 
  people have a horrible taste . 
   i do n't get how this translates into hatred for the american people it does n't . 
  xenophobia is free of reason . 
  gypsies steal and are lazy and do n't want to work . 
  jews are rich . 
  muslims do that . 
  blacks are this . 
  is that true ? 
  it does n't matter . 
   americans are literally the only people that [ many ] leftists think it 's totally okay to hate . 
  i would n't say so . 
  the left is not a uniform mass . 
  there are a lot of other groups to hate . 
  xenophobia is universal and not limited to one group . 
  i think a lot of ` leftists ' also stereotype other groups negatively .
