  truth be told , a lot of `` christians '' also do n't get christianity . 
  especially the `` love your enemy '' thing . 
  so what is christianity ? 
  the westboro baptist church or the modern university educated european theologist ? 
  same thing basically applies to islam . 
  which is part of the reason i made this original comment in this thread . 
  [ it 's not about islam ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/zcm4u/islam_in_europe_a_real_problem_the_debate_about/c63ke7u ) . 
  i like this comment and your style in this one . 
  finally you know what i was trying to do all over this thread . 
  and i am sorry if you feel i was trying to censor you . 
  just please remember that complaining about minorities is problematic . 
  especially when they come from foreign countries . 
  a banker is not going to think much about left wing cries to put them in prison , because he feels at home in his country and his community . 
  but a person from a foreign country is alienated . 
  it 's not only every day racism , when people just go in front of them in line at the supermarket ( yes , this is happening to foreigners very often ) , but foreigners actually get killed just because they are foreigners . 
  more than 150 in germany since 1990 . 
  a lot more get beaten up . 
  i know that foreigners also beat up other people ( or foreigners as well ) , but it 's a size thing . 
  when you are black and live in a white country , you feel very sensitive about white people complaining about black culture . 
  some people even feel encouraged in their ignorance by certain commentators : http://imgur.com/19jlh, 
   if you really ca n't see the difference between attacking the premises of a religion and attacking a human being yea , during the holocaust a lot of people were actually only against the premises of jewish religion and had nothing against those people . 
  they just kept complaining about jewish religion until someone did something about it . 
  call norway and ask them how this went for muslims last year . 
  yea , except that a lot of stuff in the old testament is totally rediculous and was revised in the new testament . 
  christianity is based on jesus christ . 
  not on leviticus . 
  but that 's ok . you are totally ignorant when it comes to religion . 
  just accept it and relax . 
   unlike most christians who 've learned that eating shellfish and tattooing is actually pretty cool you are not only ignorant about islam , but also ignorant about christianity . 
  that 's ok , you do n't need to know everything . 
  but please , please go easy on the hate . 
  babtizing babies = drowning babies to the willfully ignorant christianophobic christians dropping the atomic bomb = christian sacrament to the willfully ignorant christianophobic person being against religious rituals attacking islam being from a christian country = christian crusader attacking the islamic world trying to subdue muslims in all muslim countries i was just translating that ignorant islamophobic vibe ( `` all muslims are terrorists '' ) and putting up a mirror . 
  islamophobia has nothing to do with terrorism or religious rituals , just like racism has nothing to do with blacks . 
  xenophobia is a sentiment shared among the xenophobic . 
  they choose something to get all xenophobic about and then find reasons . 
  it does n't matter if those are facts or dreamt up . 
  it 's just the new `` thing '' . 
  some new reason to hate people that are different . 
  luckily not all people are xenophobic . 
  if i was muslim and xenophobic , it would be much easier to find reasons . 
  christians invaded iraq recently killing hundreds of thousands of people , which is a hundred times more than all terror attacks combined . 
  and that 's just one single issue . 
  western nations support israel , which is also disproportionally killing palestinians . 
  then we afghanistan , the western support for the saudi brutal monarchy ( keeping muslim saudi arabia in the dark ages ) . 
  i could probabely go on and on and on . 
  still very few muslims in europe hate us . 
  in muslim countries the sentiment is a lot different . 
  because they need a scapegoat . 
  their hate is abot them . 
  just like islamophbia is about you . 
  not about islam . 
   you 're a racist then , because you implied muslims are stuck in the dark ages . 
  please continue your discussion with that other idiot who keeps claiming that islamophobia has nothing to do with racism , because islam is n't a race . 
   they obviously do n't teach very much about the holocaust in germany , because it was in no way based on christian scripture or theology . 
  now you are interpreting your own ideas into the holocaust . 
  just like anyone can claim suicide missions are not based on islam . 
  christians committed the holocaust . 
  period . 
  ok , i know it 's bullshit that the holocaust is based in christianity as a whole . 
  or anythinge most christians believe in . 
  it was based on this nazi-christian-ubermensch believe system . 
  so you see where i am going with this ? 
  if not , islamophobia might be too complicated for you and i advice you to go back to simple racism . 
   hitler was not even a christian . 
  and you are obviously making up history . 
  either that or you believe catholics are not christians . 
  next you claim sunnis are not muslim ? 
   hitler had a pretty high opinion of islam . 
  ok , if i was xenophobic and hating something trying new ways to find bad things to say about it . 
  `` bad guy '' having a high opinion of it , seems like a good thing to say , does it ? 
  do n't you think this is getting a little transparent ? 
  how about mercedesphobia ? 
  because hitler drove one ? 
  driving something is much more than liking something . 
  it is owning something and trusting your live on it . 
  you last post says a whole lot about you . 
  you really need to lay off the hate , man . 
  being a fucking racist pig is n't good for you . 
  and it 's not about blacks , islam , muslims , africa or asia . 
  it 's all about you . 
   you proved yourself that muslims are still stuck in the dark ages and we are n't anymore . 
   so it 's funny how you keep calling other people ignorant , while you keep pretending christianity would be just as bad these days . 
  how did i say christianity `` would be '' juss as bad ? 
  it 's pretty much the same thing theologically . 
  or pretty similar . 
  but that 's not the point , is it ? 
  islamophobia is not about theology anyways . 
  xenophobic sentiments are not about the target , but about the source . 
  muslims or islam have nothing to do with it . 
  it 's about scared , ignorant racists that would otherwise rant about `` the jews '' or whatever . 
   the architects of the holocaust were n't christian last i checked , catholics counted as christians , but i disgress . 
  you know , if you were n't such a racist bastard , your complete ignorance in anything contemporary and historical would be funny . 
   muslim is not a race to you it could very well be . 
  but i am way to lazy right now to explain this concept to you . 
  so i take it back . 
  you are not a racist bastard , just a xenophobic one . 
  islamophobia to be precise . 
    we ( and our ally saudi arabia ) are mainly responsible for that  how infantilising of the muslim world you are . 
  how patronising you are . 
  how racist you are .
