  maybe we should either spin that out in three different threads or do someting else imho . 
  this is one of the thing where the media really dropped the ball . 
  the media kinda got it in 2008 and actually blamed the right cultprit , but i guess the euro crisis of 2011 is deemed too complicated to either research and/or explain to the public . 
  so the media just blaims the greek . 
  especially in germany . 
  now the greek government is surely to blame for part of the problem . 
  as well as the tax collection issues . 
  but that is less than half of the story . 
  and the media does n't tell the rest of it . 
  unfortunately . 
  they just reinforce bad stereotypes . 
  except that our elites turned out to be very corrupt and/or too lazy to care about other people . 
  so i would n't trust them with more power . 
  i believe transparency and democratization at a higher level would help . 
  something like the us congress , which is very transparent and democratic , but has sevel corruption problems from different angles ( revolving door & & campaign contributions and maybe other things ) . 
  but if we can take the power ( centralization ) and transparency from the us congress and transplant it somehow into the european parliament , we would really get ahead in the world . 
  but that wo n't happen , even if we adopt something as undemocratic as the us senate ( fixed number of seats per country/state , which results in different voting power per vote , but satisfies the smaller countries/states ) . 
  because there are a lot of small member nations in the eu that are very solvent and would oppose centralization . 
  think estonia for example . 
  the problem has an even more sinister chapter : the eu is buying fishing rights from african countries . 
  guess where the money they pay ends up ? 
  then the ( subsidized , therefore already paid for a second time ) european fishing trawlers show up in front of the african costs fishing everything away and the nets of the local fisherboats turn up empty . 
  this destroys a whole industry of fishers , middlemen , transporters to get fish inland , traders and factories that process the fish , some of which used to be exported . 
  all those people are now out of their jobs . 
  guess where some of them will be heading ? 
  but not all . 
  joblessnes and economic crisis will create and/or add to instability in their countries possibly leading to civil war , the spread of hiv/aids and so for . 
  way to go eu !, 
  but , but , but , guttenberg ? 
  guttenberg was very bad at his job ( head of defense ) . 
  but that did n't stop him . 
  what stopped him was that he copied his thesis . 
  there are some big cultural differences between europe and the us . 
  but i think the more vigilante and revenge culture in the us is not the root . 
  i think it is our instinct to want revenge . 
  the us simply has the oldest free democracy . 
  so politicians that campaign on ` law and order ' get elected . 
  they even vote judges and police ( sheriff ) into office . 
  and those also campaign on ` tough on crime ' . 
  that not only results in a horrible , horrible criminal justice system in the us ( once someone points a finger at you , prison rape is socially accepted in the us ) , but also in a differenct view of criminals themselves . 
  so it is more acceptable to use excessive force against presumed wrongdoers . 
  not only by private citizen , but also by the police . 
  the overuse of tasers has become legendary . 
  in europe the equivalent force dogma ( you may not use deadly force against someone who might only hurt you ) is more of an elitist concept . 
  while right in an ethical , theoretical and philosophical way this goes against our basic instincts . 
  i believe those basic instincts ( to use excessive force if the other party is believed to be in the wrong ) would also prevail in europe , if we had a more direct democracy . 
  please note , that i do n't say one is right and one is wrong . 
  while i prefer the more balanced european approach to the use of force in a confrontation , deep down i am also a libertarian democrat that believe in democracy . 
  and if the majority in a society wants a certain thing , it is their right to have it . 
  among the biggest current political problems in germany are the complicated tax code , broken education system and the influence large banks have over politics . 
  the latter would n't be such a big problem if it were n't for the current woes in the financial markets . 
  after all , big energy has an even bigger sway in german politics . 
  i do n't see any of those problems getting better if european politicians would meddle instead of german ones . 
  unification does n't change much imho . 
  so i am wary to pin my hopes and dreams on european institutions . 
  one thing we could and imho should change a lot is foreign politics . 
  right now france is doing one thing and britain is doing the opposite . 
  we lose a lot of momentum . 
  europe could be a ( albeit soft , because of our lack of military power ) superpower . 
  but we are far from it . 
  very far . 
  germany is also doing it 's own thing . 
  and the rest of european countries can pick and choose who 's lead to follow . 
  we could also save a bunch of money by putting the embassies together . 
  instead of having x embassies of european countries in one foreign countries we could have one embassy per europe . 
  a unified foreign policy makes sense on a lot of levels . 
  stalin errected those statues . 
  in the eyes of many people who suffered under the stalin they represent him . 
  as bad as nazism and fascism were ( i am german ) , the people in east europe know very well , that stalin did n't free them . 
  he simply took those countries from hitler to rule them himself . 
  it was merely a change of foreign rule . 
  it is very strange for that more than 20 years since then and 70 years since that fateful switch people are still so ambivalent about it . 
  now i know why german companies get the big government contracts from spain . 
  i would not recommend data roaming . 
  though vodafone just announced a cheap europe wide data roaming plan , but i think they are not for prepaid . 
  if your travel starts in germany the cheapest roaming calls ( not data ) can be made with solomo : https://www.solomo.de/, 
  especially because nokia was the last major european company that was developing a general purpose os : meego . 
  already running on everything from handsets to tablets and on the move to cars and fridges it has parts of koffice already in . 
  calligra ( koffice ) has a much nicer codebase compared to openoffice and should really be considered imho . 
  so sad nokia had to dump everything . 
  they could have had the muscle to force something like this through . 
  especially because they included a pretty cool security mechanism : smack . 
  in light of the recently growing cyber threats that would have been a good argument . 
  [ removed ], 
  imho the biggest problem with brexit is the uncertainty . 
  if we could clear up a couple things , maybe we can diminish that somewhat . 
  feel free to add sources . 
  will there be a brexit at all ? 
  everyone seems to assume that a brexit is certain . 
  is that so ? 
  scottish independence : while some assume indepence is a given if the uk leaves the eu , other sources tell me that ai n't so . 
  london can block a referendum . 
  what are the reasons behind all that ? 
  when will there be a referendum and why then , or why not , if there wo n't be one ? 
  what is the timeline ? 
  freedom of movement/labor . 
  personally i ca n't imagine that the eu can ( politically ) grant access to the common market without complete freedom of labor/movement , while the brexit vote was over immigration . 
  can a future uk government accept freedom of labor as a condition for access to the common market ? 
  how do you believe the result will look like and why ? 
  please state the reasons behind your conclusion .
