   ca n't really compare this ... 
  i know . 
  still . 
  read the complete article . 
  stalin killed millions . 
  yet ... 
   another major difference is that the serbs had already made themselves hated well , [ ruder finn did help them a lot . 
  ] ( http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/ruder_finn%27s_work_for_croatia ), 
   it 's not like you got such a great reputation after all . 
  you are right . 
  they do n't . 
  but did you know that this is largely the result of a [ media campaing by a public relations firm ? 
  ] ( http://www.sourcewatch.org/index.php/ruder_finn%27s_work_for_croatia ), 
  the soviets were really bad . 
  unfortunately , [ the nazis very so much worse . 
  ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html ), 
  i am not sure that is something you really want to have a closer look at . 
  the realities of the second world war are grim enough . 
  people today do n't have a clue as to how bad it must have been . 
  at the end , about 50 million people died . 
  an absolutely unbelievable number . 
  the point is : [ it could have been so much worse . 
  ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html ), 
  i write two very long explanations about the difference between committed and reported crime and you come with the example of rape ? 
  ** really ? 
  ** that is arguably the most underreported crime of all . 
  police statistics really mean nothing when it comes to rape . 
  you do n't seem to understand what i write . 
  because you now say i only attacked the study you linked to . 
  yet i made my points * before * you linked to the study . 
  i made my pointes about police and judicial statistics . 
  data which is often used as a basis for other statistics . 
  i also wrote this :    the problem with statistics in general is that it is the only way we can observe social realities in a objective manner . 
  personal observation is meaningless . 
  and now you write this :  if modern research methods do n't satisfy you , i suggest you collect your own anecdotal data . 
  i 've lived in scotland where 97 % of the social ills and crime is by scottish natives , and that remains a fact . 
  i 've lived over a decade in one of why ? 
  did you not read what i wrote ? 
  i think the explanation for these * problems * we are having is that you are not really for a constructive solution or more money to put into social workers . 
  you are really just another right wing pundit that wants to shoot anyone that does n't have your skin color , right ? 
  you are just trying a different approach to get your point across . 
  otherwise you overlooing obvious points already dealt with and your increasing hostility towards immigrants ( in your first post you were merely looking for better integration , in the second one you suggested deportation in a lawful manner only for worst case scenarios , now we are at `` selective immigration '' , what is the next point you want to get across ? ), 
  do n't make sense . 
  i am not going to waste further time . 
  we have a constitution and laws based on that . 
  all of that based on universal human values . 
  these are under attack from both inside and outside of europe . 
  but so far , we are doing good . 
  despite people like you . 
  to me the summary looks like the study really has all the problems mentioned by me . 
  they actually used police and judicial statistics ( nothing better than `` hard '' data , mhm ? 
  ) , did not correct for under - and overreporting ( non migrants could be more prone to report crimes they think are committed by immigrants for xenophobic reasons ) , and focused on specific categories of crime . 
  i bet if you take the amount of money lost , fraud from big banks would dwarve any property crime by immigrants . 
  yet people feel different when they lose money because a bank crashes vs they lose money because of petty crime . 
  this would touch both point 2 and 3 . 
  so garbage in - garbage out ? 
  not quite . 
  if you do n't generalize the findings . 
  which almost prohibits public discussion . 
  because the tabloids as well as most readers will immediate jump to the conclusion : immigrants are criminals . 
  or , similar but also wrong : specific immigrants are criminals . 
  it it practically an invitation for right wing pundits . 
  so they think they might have some very specifc results . 
   but there are specific immigrant groups in specific countries who commit a disproportionate amount of crime , always . 
  see my point 3 . 
  it depends on the definition of crime . 
   and we must not shy away from admitting it and being proactive about addressing the issue . 
  which is , as i pointed out twice before , pretty difficult considering our ethical and moral standards that were set more than a century ago and fought over repeatedly in wars . 
  and are now in most constitutions . 
  on the one hand you seem to be in favour of individual empowerment , on the other hand you want profiling . 
  what 's the deal ? 
  second of all , i do n't trust those statistics very much . 
  for several reasons : 1 . 
  often times you count suspects or convictions . 
  if the police are already profiling and the justice system is racist , you already have strongly biased data . 
  one example : if i believe one nationality is more prone to crime and is more prone to carry drugs , i will check them early . 
  in germany we have very sound proof that police will engage in drastic profiling against people with dark skin . 
  imagine 5 % of the population carries drugs . 
  regardless of skin color . 
  5 % of the population has dark skin . 
  until now , everything is even . 
  in said example in germany they checked every dark skinned person they came across for drugs . 
  but there are n't many black people in germany . 
  let 's pretend they check 20 blacks ( every black guy they come across ) and 20 white people . 
  by chance ( 5 % in general population ) , they will catch 1 black and 1 white person . 
  in the crime statistics , they will have an equal number of blacks and whites that carry drugs , even though only 5 % of the population is black . 
  proportionally they are massively overrepresented . 
  everyone thinks blacks are drug dealers . 
  the police believes their own statistics and will trust their profiling . 
  this is just one example . 
  you only count reported crime . 
  there are lots and lots of reasons why crimes may go unreported in the first case . 
  different ones . 
  easy examples : an illegal immigrant will not report a crime . 
  male victims of rape wo n't report at all . 
  there is great debate on the dark figure of child abuse . 
  some respected experts put the reported number of cases at only 10 % or less . 
  these are just three quick examples . 
  what constitutes a crime for one person , may not be one for the other . 
  two drastic examples : a ) honor killings were not counted as crimes in parts of turkey until recently .
