   wrong , they 're paid their fishing rights . 
  and it 's not like you mentioned initially where they become unemployed and it destroys their industry - it actually frees up their workforce and it allows for them to specially in other sectors . 
  yea ... you maybe found that in some economic textbook from the 1970s . 
  you know , reality works a little different . 
  besides , are n't you that uber-racist troll ? 
  who gets paid ? 
  corrupt government officials . 
  yea , their fishing industry is not very advanced . 
  but without the huge subsidies to the eu fishing industry they could easily compete on price . 
  and sometimes they still do , despite the subsidies . 
  because they earn so little . 
  but now they do n't earn anything , because the waters are empty . 
  that 's the thing . 
  the eu pours huge sums of money into subsidies for the fishing industry for jobs ( against unemployment ) and then have to buy fishing rights from african governments ( guess where that money is going ) so they fish those costs clear that the fishers in africa loose their job , which , in turn destroys whole industries and destabilizes those countries . 
   sounds like democracy to me . 
  has its problems , of course , as plato observed . 
  fascism came through majority rule . 
  freedom is guarded by the constitution and the courts . 
  the definition of freedom ( to do as you like as long as you do n't infringe upon the freedom of others ) has nothing to do with democracy . 
  btw . 
  i was answering to this comment :    if you are in my country you are going to have to live according to my rules in this context , this is fascist . 
  i love this point in the discussion , when the anti-semites point out that jews are not even semites , because semites refers to the people living in palestine , who are arab . 
  how to spot a true racist ? 
  exactly by that . 
  maybe you are not a nazi , just an idiot who does n't realize that islamophobia is the same as racism . 
  most racists are idiots anyways . 
  so i would n't be surprised . 
  the rest of what you wrote ( you do n't even know what universal values are ) strongly hints in that direction . 
   they may not defend what you perceive as your values , they defend their values . 
  i am not sure what `` values '' you are referring to now . 
  maybe `` white race stays pure '' or some of that crap . 
  then yes , they do have different values . 
   it is wrong that in the west everybody has the same values and that evrybody agreed on a core set of values . 
  actually pretty much everyone in europe does agree on a core set of values . 
  and we even manged to convince enough other nations to make un declarations based on them . 
  all our european laws are based on those . 
   none of these values you linked are absolute in the sense that they are valid law and enforced . 
  why does an absolute/universal values have to be enforced in any way ? 
  it is agreed absolute values that you are not an asshole to people . 
  yet there are no laws against being an asshole . 
  still everyone adheres to that value . 
  also you are wrong that those declaration based on the values ( not the values themselves ) are not enforced . 
  they are written into local laws and then enforced . 
  you seem to have little very idea about all these matters . 
   you know yourself that in a few weeks , the german parliament will enact a law that directly contradicts your third link , for example , and explicitely legalize genital mutilation of children , overriding decades of human rights development . 
  ever heard of freedom of religion ? 
  but even if you disagree , why ca n't there be laws breaking universal values ? 
  what is you point here ? 
   nothing you linked is somehow set in stone . 
  an absolute value is set in stone . 
  the enforcement is not . 
  the law is not . 
  you are completely confusing so many things . 
  which totally explains your islamophobic trolling . 
  you do n't fool me . 
  i know who you associate in your head with `` immigrants '' , when you are talking about them . 
  a racist can scream all he wants , he is still a racist . 
  even if he tries to confuse people by using other words such as `` jew '' or `` islam '' or `` immigrant '' or `` gipsy '' . 
  racist is just the agreed upon term to label people such as you . 
   but neither in the west do we have `` absolute values '' . 
  can you give me an example of some western absolute value ? 
  we consider a couple human rights and values to be universal and in that effect , as absolute . 
  those would be codified in several un declarations and western constitutions and are derived throughout history by our philosophers . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_constitution http://www.un.org/en/documents/udhr/index.shtml http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/convention_on_the_rights_of_the_child those are just three examples of the results . 
  if you want to study the underlying theory , you will have to make do with kant and the likes . 
  though i propose simpler breakdowns of his and his fellows thoughts . 
  which is why i proposed star trek . 
  a lot of their episodes try to present philosophical issues in a simple way . 
  i learned a lot through watching star trek ng as a child . 
  that is basically the problem with islamophobia . 
  they pretend to defend some values that they actually do n't have any clue about ( as you clearly state in your comments ) . 
    you know a value is only a value if it applies universally . 
   i dont know a single value that applies universally . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/value_%28ethics%29#absolute_and_relative according to this wikipdia article you are right . 
  cultural values such as islam or the values that you seem to know are only relative . 
  i was referring to the absolute values we , in the west , deem surperior to those cultural values derived from religion or superstition . 
   considerg islam an evil , dangerous ideology isnt xenophobic . 
  to put it lightly : i guess we disagree . 
   tolerance has and should have limits . 
  you know a value is only a value if it applies universally . 
  otherwise it is some bullshit baloney . 
    you either take the whole package or nothing . 
  that 's the thing . 
   no it is n't . 
  it absolutely is n't . 
  you obviously do n't get it . 
  there are some integral parts to our ( i believe surperiour ) values . 
  and these are tolerance and respect . 
  we judge people by their actions . 
  and we are not xenophobic . 
  at least if we adhere to our values . 
  islamophobic people have a lot more in common with the people they think they are against than with the people that adhere to our values . 
  just browse this thread . 
  so much hate on here . 
   i think the recent `` rise of xenophobia and racism '' is caused by the negative image we see in the last couple of month from foreign cultures this is simply wrong . 
  xenophobia is not about the intended victim , but all about the perpetrator . 
  it has nothing to do with the target , which is subject to change . 
   react more aggressive against those people i guess now we now that you do not belong with `` those people '' . 
  what do you think the `` right '' amount of aggressiveness is , that should be applied to `` those people '' ?
