  wwii has so many horrible facets . 
  did you read the article i linked to ? 
  several german actions could stand on their own as war crimes to be remembered for centuries . 
   agree to disagree with you -  hiroshima and nagasaki through the years , i came to different conclusions about these bombs . 
  did you know that the fire bombing of tokyo had more civillian casulties ? 
  i believe bombing was wrong . 
  be it japan , germany or vietnam later on . 
  but the atomic bomb ended the war . 
  how many more casulties would there have been without the end . 
  not only in japan , but also in china , where japan was waging a brutal war on civillians . 
  the us had seen lots of japanese civillians committing suicide rather than surrender to their forces . 
  what would have been the outcome of an invasion of major japanese islands . 
  these days i condemn the conventional bombing and support the atomic drops . 
  strange as that may seem . 
  [ if you have the time , here is a nice reading shedding some light on the past of ukraine and surrounding countries . 
  ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2010-01-20-snyder-ru.html ), 
   and it were the unitelar actions by nato in the mid 00 's that have broken the relations , therefore justifying in eyes of russian public countermeasures . 
  that is the issue we are argueing about . 
  correct ? 
   there was political agreement to not accept new members in nato after reunification of germany . 
  that political agreement was n't formalized into memorandum . 
  there are , afaik , reliable reports on a vocal agreement between soviet union ( not russian ! ), 
  leaders and western leaders on the expansion of nato . 
  at a time when both the soviet union * and * the warsaw pact still existed . 
  the breakup of both the warsaw pact and the soviet union changed history . 
  afterwards . 
  natos counter was gone and for a time , people were asking if nato should be disbanded . 
  then it was enlarged instead and may , at one point , have included russia itself . 
  russia was , at times , a close partner of nato , as you pointed out yourself . 
  the partnership could have been extended further . 
  it obviously did n't . 
  i do not know of any formal memorandum . 
  do you have a source ? 
   nato is breaking the parity of forces in europe by accepting members that they can never effectively protect but will use them as buffer states between old members and russia . 
  this is one view . 
  another view could be that russia is n't an adversary . 
  as i stated above . 
  after the end of the soviet union . 
  there was no adversary , thus no need for a buffer . 
  a friendly neighborhood was developing . 
  russia became a democratic country with a free press and a capitalistic economic system . 
   any promise or agreement by the west can not be trusted . 
  looking back with how the situation is now you may come to that conclusion . 
  putin certainly wants you to . 
  this is his interpretation . 
  but at the time , things were different . 
  russia was on it 's way to join nato , not towards a new cold war . 
   because you think that those ` revolutions ' are something spontaneous that the majority of population wanted . 
  while in reality us sponsors through ngo 's and other ways both civilian opposition and radicals . 
  while intelligence agencies work in secret , most , if not all ngos work transparently . 
  you can see what they are doing . 
  which is : most western political ngos try to strengthen civil society and help the authorities with good governance . 
  other ngos are about human rights or the environment . 
  to accuse foreign ngos of working against a country could be pure propaganda and would be in line of putin trying to accuse foreign countries of aggression , in order to justify his actions . 
  this also has to do with how you view the world . 
  do you believe that human rights are universal or a `` western model '' ? 
  most human rights documents are actually un documents . 
  personally i believe democracy and human rights are universal . 
  but dictators such as the chinese or russian leadership would like to see them as `` western '' , since they want to justify their opposition towards them . 
  how the `` revolutions '' really went on i ca n't say . 
  those are murky . 
  is the cia behind everything in the world ? 
  are they really * that * powerful ? 
  but accusing ngos is mostly propaganda . 
  and do you believe countries geographically close to russia do n't have a right to democracy and freedom , because it might threaten russia 's interest ? 
  your list is weird . 
  countries like uzbekistan and kyrgyzstan are very different . 
  uzbekistan , for example , has a dire human rights situation . 
  all the middle asian countries that were formally part of the soviet union are dictatorships , that have very bad human rights records . 
  those are real bastards . 
  putin may be bad , but these are much worse , trust me . 
  each of the countries in your list is very different from the rest . 
  with individual histories and individual reasons for the political situation . 
   when will romania or bulgaria will have german level of prosperity ? 
  this is , indeed , a very complex issue . 
  not even east germany has western gemany 's level of prosperity . 
  this seems difficult to change . 
  also we see a lot of government corruption . 
  democracy does n't seem to be the only thing you need . 
  as we have seen with russia in the 90s . 
   if a preventive nuclear strike is made against russia , then it 's not so clear . 
  this was always the pipe dream of dangerous sociopath generals . 
  * take out the other side first . 
  * then they ca n't retaliate . 
  are you really sure that a us president would take that gamble ? 
  maybe get a mirv warhead or three or five on major us cities , just to take out russia ? 
  we are talking about a billion possible victims of a first strike . 
  with unclear consequences for the rest of the earth 's population . 
   the aa-missiles are easily dual purposed you mean abm missles could be outfitted with nuclear warheads and turned into ground to ground medium range missles ? 
  i certainly did n't know that . 
  where would we get the nuclear warheads , though ? 
  i am sorry , but these all seem very far fatched . 
   nato sponsors colour revolutions in neighbour countries i do n't agree with that . 
  see above . 
   they want to make a coup in russia to stop our development and take our resources for free , like in the 90 's those were russian oligarchs plundering russia 's resources . 
  most , if not all of them former apparatchiks . 
  this has n't changed much , excpet that the oligarchs of today are chosen by putin . 
  but they are still stealing . 
  just like any other official in russia . 
   nato breaks abmt treaty - they want to undermine nuclear parity ; we talked about that .
