  what about your dog ? 
  you seem to feel white people are underpriviliged . 
  which is laughable and usually serves to excuse some racist actions or talking points . 
  i simply pointed out that while i may have categorized you to be racist on inconclusive evidence , you categorized the whole world into sjw , because - what was that reason again ? 
  anyways , why are you attacking me for categorizing ? 
  you categorize everyone as sjw . 
  except white people ? 
  i am not sure . 
  could you clarify ? 
  in your post you categorized the whole world into sjw . 
  maybe you should reflect on your own comments , first . 
   i might as well discuss politics with my dog better do that , instead of posting to reddit . 
   atheists are a very powerless , small minority in saudi arabia/somalia that gets slaughtered like cattle this is bullshit . 
  saudi arabia is a closed society where people `` disappear '' or are executed on trumped up charges . 
  sometimes those include some form of apostasy from islam . 
  there are no `` atheists '' as such in saudi arabia . 
  at least none that would be stupid enough to talk about it . 
  the whole idea of `` atheism '' is foreign them . 
  you have no idea how other societies work , do you ? 
  you should really do some traveling . 
  maybe not to saudi arabia . 
  but asian countries are very different . 
  for example japan . 
  it is said that their morals are based on `` shaming '' . 
  which means that what is good or bad is n't in the act , but in what other people think about it . 
  if no one ever notices , it is n't bad . 
  no matter how horrible the act might seem to us . 
  other societies can be vastly different from ours . 
  did you ever hear the word `` culture shock '' ? 
  why do you think shit like fgm or honor killings even exist ? 
  those people do n't think of themselves as evil . 
  but let 's pretend for a moment that what you say is true : `` atheists are a very powerless , small minority in saudi arabia/somalia that gets slaughtered like cattle '' why would that justify mistreating a minority in europe ? 
  almost all of the muslims here are not from saudi arabia or somalia . 
  most muslims in germany are from turkey . 
  a lot in belgium are from morocco . 
  those are completely different places . 
  and even if they all came from saudi arabia : what does the mistreatment ( or perceived mistreatment ) of atheists in another countries even have to do with our discussion ? 
   it 's beyond moronic to side with sharia4belgium when did i `` side with sharia4belgium '' ? 
  what is `` sharia4belgium '' ? 
  two guys that got a media promotion deal , because islamist stories sell more papers ? 
   no compassion for those suffering in foreign lands , apparently . 
  did n't i link to tons of reports of people suffering in foreign countries ? 
  but those reports were n't interesting to you , because you do n't deal in numbers , you said . 
  something like that ? 
  let 's say you want to push for racism against blacks . 
  a good way would be to show videos of criminal blacks that did horrible deeds and are dealt with in a fair way scream and shout `` racism '' , because they are locked into a prison . 
  while the issue itself ( racism ) can be debated , showing crazy instances of it will not only tarnish the crazy individual , but also the issue itself . 
  * see those crazy people ? 
  whatever they want , it must be hogwash . 
  ok . small lesson in racism for / u/theapatheist here we go : we all have prejudices . 
  that is how humans work . 
  we need to put people in categories . 
  and strangers are potentially dangerous . 
  we put labels on people . 
  we group people . 
  and we are afraid . 
  modern media consumption seems to heighten those fears . 
  prejudices against certain groups of people are most common where those do n't live . 
  the less interactions you have with black people , the more prejudices you can have . 
  the more you interact with , the more you see them go . 
  you deal with individuals . 
  not with a group . 
  race is n't by far the only category . 
  just the most obvious . 
  there is culture ( roma move around a lot ) , religion ( jews , muslims ) , sex ( women ) , sexual preference ( homosexuals ) , disabled people ... 
  these prejudices , that everyone has ( inlcuding all races , sexes and whatnot ) , are just thoughts . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  there are no thoughtcrimes . 
  though as soon as you propagate your prejudices in public forums or private conversations , they spread to other people . 
  just like any other idea . 
  and as soon as people act upon them , it becomes a lot more complicated . 
  and problematic . 
  especially when people in a position of power do so . 
  a black slave in the us can hate all white people as long as he likes . 
  he will never be in a position where his hate will have a negative effect on a white individual . 
  the landlord that is afraid of gays and wo n't rent out to people he things are gay does make a difference . 
  even to people that are not gay , but that he thinks that are . 
  a judge that is racist will have a devastating effect on many lives of people of color that come across him and their families . 
  the individual , the target , has nothing to do with the racism . 
  it does n't matter . 
  they might never know ( for example the guy that did n't get the appartment ) . 
  racism is a complex concept . 
  because it incorporates both the prejudice , possible actions taken by people for prejudice reasons and the effects these actions have on individuals . 
  because it makes such a huge difference who has prejudices and what their position in society is , the word `` racism '' is usually only used when minorities are effected as the victims . 
  because majority people will probabely never feel the effect . 
  and minorities usually ca n't afford being racist anyways . 
  imagine someone having a store who is part of a minority . 
  if he does n't want customers from the majority , how long will the store survive ? 
  `` we do n't serve white people '' simply does n't work . 
  but against a minority it does n't really hurt the business . 
  `` we do n't serve gays '' will not effect a business in a meaningful way . 
  except if people take issue with that . 
  `` we do n't serve muslims '' will probabely work pretty good today in modern , islamophobic europe . 
  these days you interact with a lot of people that have some small way to influence your outcome . 
  you apply for jobs , try to sell to customers , try and rent a room , interact with public administration , ... 
  when prejudices are spread and some people dislike minorities , it will effect them a lot , because they will be disadvantaged in some of these interactions . 
  that adds up at the end of the day . 
  even if someone is n't a huge racist that goes out every night and beats up black people , if a public official has some prejudice against minorities , it will effect their actions . 
  this is , for example , evident in the number of ceo ratio male/female we have . 
  even though women are n't a minoritiy .
