  after the fact . 
  it does n't matter what they think the jews did wrong . 
  it does n't matter what you think about islam . 
  when you hate muslims , it 's racism . 
  and you wrote that muslims are fascists . 
  it does n't matter what they do . 
  what you do and says matters , when we talk about racism and islamophobia . 
   if you want to compare a religion with something , compare it with a political ideology . 
  that 's a good match , sexuality or race are not . 
  did n't i point out the example of antiziganism to you ? 
  which targets a culture . 
  not a race . 
  something you can change . 
  you are making an arbitrary disctinction , when it comes to racism . 
  let me put is this way : what if i wrote about rampant homophobia and someone comes around and tells me it does n't exist . 
  and then they explain to me that ** they ** only hate homosexuality . 
  not homosexuals ( hate the sin , not the sinner ) . 
  after which i point to a study in which x % of people do n't want a homosexual as a neighbor . 
  male homosexuals are currently easy targets for persecution by the majority for certain risk behavior that i really do n't like to discuss in public , because i do n't want to give right wing assholes any ammunition . 
  so person x i am arguing with keeps pointing to that and tells me that this is the reason homosexual behavior is wrong . 
  and if people have those feelings , too bad for them . 
  but they would still accept homosexuals , as long as they are not having gay sex . 
  and they hate homosexual `` dogma '' . 
  and all homosexuals `` are fascists '' . 
  well , what am i to do ? 
  at least i would try to point to evidence that while they can have their opinion , they should at least accept that homophobia is a thing and even if they claim to not be part of it , statistics suggest it is huge . 
  [ because x % of people do n't want to limit immigration of homosexual people to their neighborhood . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2uvd2z/half_of_danes_want_to_limit_muslims_in_denmark/ ), 
    which judges people on an individual level . 
  i think it is quite strange for you to do so , since you argue against individual judgement and in favour of collective punishment for all muslims , regardless of individual acts , merits or thoughts . 
   where the fuck did i do that ? 
  [ you 'll defend our right to oppress women , lbgt people and kill apostates ... oppressing people because a millenial book ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cpel5ty )  why is it that when bigots lose an argument , they put words in other people 's words ? 
  now that one is intentionally funny by you . 
  because you caught me doing that with you . 
  and i am sorry about that . 
  but you did the same . 
  in that other comment :  no , my friend , you are part of a problem . 
  defending censorship in the name of religious sanctity is part of the problem . 
  i would never defend censorship . 
  though i would ( and i might have , in another discussion ) dislike hate speech , for example against lgbt , muslims or women . 
  or cartoons to belittle them or enforce stereotypes . 
  and other groups , of course . 
  but disliking them and urging people not to buy them is a huge difference to censorship . 
  i am actually opposed to censorship laws ( which exist in many countries ) . 
  but i do understand their purpose and respect the people that favour them . 
  to fight hate speech , for example . 
  you know , against lgbt , muslims , women , ...   and in your opinion all interpretations of christianity and islam are fascist . 
  anyone that follows them is fascist . 
   once again , where the hell did i say that ? 
  ffs , if you 're not going to be honest , we 're done . 
  [ i can oppose both christian fascists and islamic fascists ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cpg1x0p ) in many other posts you make it clear that you think islam is at fault . 
  so by this , you mean all muslims . 
  i am sorry if i am a little harsh on you . 
  yes , you are racist , but that should n't be such a big deal . 
  i did link to the story about half of denmark being racist against muslims as well . 
  i do n't think the rest of europe is any different . 
  so there is a huge number of people that are racist . 
  imho , almost everyone is anyways . 
  i certainly catch myself with prejudices now and then . 
  while racism is n't the end of the world , the huge number of people that are racist makes it a problem . 
  far more so than islam itself . 
  see : i rate evil . 
  in europe islamophobia is a bigger problem than radical islam . 
  i rate stuff , because it helps you with priorities . 
  when you see someone killing a million people and someone else killing one person , who do you deal with first ? 
  i know you ca n't decide , because both you do n't like to deal with numbers , but i do . 
  and most of the rest of humanity does as well . 
  and while islam and especially radical islam can be problematic , it 's such a non-issue in europe compared to all our other problems , that it is hard to even put it on the priority list at all . 
  if you think different , i would love to hear a reason for it . 
  yes , they may not like lgbt people , but the huge ( and growing ) right wing movement that is sweeping europe is a much bigger problem . 
  not only for muslims , but also for lgbt folks . 
  because those people have political influence . 
  fn in france , for example . 
  so yes , while you are part of a problem , i believe that we should accept this problem as human and be able to talk about it . 
  if we do n't face racism , but shun it , we only make the problem worse . 
  i was more speaking of historical judgement . 
  dictators do n't usually stand in front of a judge . 
  you are now referencing the western judicial system . 
  which judges people on an individual level . 
  i think it is quite strange for you to do so , since you argue against individual judgement and in favour of collective punishment for all muslims , regardless of individual acts , merits or thoughts . 
  you argue in favour of judging an indonesian farmer on the acts of a maroccon king . 
  or a malaysian university professor on the acts of a saudi billionaire . 
  those people have nothing in common , except for a label . 
  or do you really believe all muslims are capable of a theological discussion ? 
  or even all christians ? 
  or that someone born into the muslim faith and following the traditions of his society is really free to act on any thoughts he might have on islam ? 
  and in your opinion all interpretations of christianity and islam are fascist . 
  anyone that follows them is fascist . 
  all muslims are the `` person c '' in your example . 
  no matter what they do . 
  and please stop suggesting that you do n't hate muslims like you said here :    for the tenth time : hatred of a religion is n't bigotry and hating a religion is n't hating its adherents . 
  in this very comment you wrote this :  i can oppose both christian fascists and islamic fascists , there is no disconnect there . 
  you do n't oppose islam . 
  you hate muslims . 
  that is islamophobia . 
  any religion is more than a mere doctrine . 
  it combines scriptures , clergy , the clergies interpretations of said scriptures , organizations ( churches , denominations , local communities ) and rituals . 
  and it certainly encompasses the congregation . 
  claiming to hate islam , but not the believers is quite unbelievable . 
  see : our western values system judges people based on their individual actions .
