  feel free to add your examples of underreported or overreported ( there is a black guy over there , he must be up to something ) `` crime '' . 
  what constitutes a crime for one person , may not be one for the other or in another country or society . 
  honor killings were not counted as crimes in parts of turkey until very recently . 
  the financial sector bancrupted europe . 
  with those billions upon billions of euros we could all enjoy a much higher gdp and greece would n't suffer . 
  yet it does n't even count as a crime , even though a lot of fraud was obviously involved . 
  a communist may have no problem with stealing of any kind , because property theft is only theft , if there is such a things as private property . 
  banksy is a street artist to some , a guy who vandalizes property to others . 
  tax fraud is considered a crime against society in most modern countries , yet to many individuals it feels like keeping what belongs to them . 
  some people like a bar fight . 
  others will count multipe offenses worthy of years of prison for all people involved . 
  prostitution is a crime for all parties involved in many countries , yet legal in germany . 
  and in sweden it is only crime for the customer . 
  drug crime is completely different . 
  alcohol is illegal in many islamic countries . 
  khat is legal or accepted in some of them , yet illegal in many other places . 
  do n't get me started on weed . 
  and personal perception is also very different . 
  while most of the reddit crowd may have a relaxed attitude towards weed dealing , a ** lot ** of people consider it a capital crime . 
  again , those are just examples off the top of my head , feel free to add your own . 
  these three points are just obvious errors in data collection off the top of my head . 
  in statistics you say : `` garbage in - garbage out '' if your data collection is biased , you wo n't get anything meaningful . 
  the problem with statistics in general is that it is the only way we can observe social realities in a objective manner . 
  personal observation is meaningless . 
  everything except statistics is subjective . 
  therefore we put a lot of trust in statistics , even though they are often flawed ( see above ) . 
  how can we discuss crime statistics , when we disagree very much on the nature of what a crime constitutes in the first place ? 
  statistics only objectively tell you something about the very thing you are observing with them . 
  using them even in a slightly different context will not really be supported by them . 
  if you use statistics about drug crime to look for criminal behaviour in general , you have already lost . 
  but wait : there is more . 
  even if we had that sorted out . 
  statistics is a complicated field . 
  lot of errors are made during the calculation . 
  for example by applying the wrong methods . 
  because you have to look at context . 
  example : if you only look at average income levels and you have a lot of inequality , you might be watching a small percentage of the populance getting rich , while everyone else gets poorer . 
  publishing the median income alongside would help alleviate the problem . 
  50 % of people are not more intelligent than the average . 
  do you think that is a true statement ? 
  in the end statistics get interpreted . 
  often by journalists . 
  and suddenly , subjectivity is introduced again . 
  journalists have opinions . 
  even if you publish the statistics themselves , you will often have to summarize things . 
  and even if you do n't summarize , the very own bias of the person reading the statistics will subjectivy the results . 
  scientists recently complained that journalists will try to make clickbait out of scientific results , trying to find something sensational and blowing that up , even if the actual scientific findings do n't justify or even contradict what the journalist thinks they found . 
  which is almost intentional misunderstanding of science . 
  not counting unintentional errors in science reporting . 
  so 54 cases where we now the nationality of the offender . 
  which makes the second half of this comment true . 
  if only some people in the danish justice system think similar to people in this thread , a somali would be a lot more likely to get a conviction . 
  which influences conviction rates , which , in turn , influences opinions , which in turn influences conviction rates ... 
  so you ( and apparently a lot of other redditors ? ), 
  do n't understand how this is xenophobic ? 
  to assume that somalis rape people ? 
  or that somalis are criminal ? 
  `` tired of criminal somalis . '', 
  you and everyone else do not understand how that is racist ? 
  `` refugees stabbing in the back . '', 
  are we in idiot class ? 
  i mean you can have that opinion . 
  i am tired of bavarians being racist . 
  or bavarians being rapists . 
  that is an opinion . 
  and we can all be fine with it . 
  though i would have to admit , that this is , in a way , racist . 
  so if i write i am not surprised that black people do something horrible ( because it is normal ? 
  ) , that is not racist ? 
  i really do n't know why we are even argueing about someting like this . 
  how much more obvious can you be racist ? 
  `` gosh , look , a somali is doing something horrible again . 
  no surprise . 
  they only do horrible things . '', 
  i really do n't get how this is in any way questionable . 
   so what if i was jewish ? 
  a rich jew ? 
  gosh , no fucking surprise there , eh ? 
   or black ? 
  a black rapist ? 
  gosh , no fucking surprise there , eh ? 
   make what i said more or less true ? 
  what is true ? 
  that all dutch are racist ? 
  or that all somalis eat dutch babies for breakfast ? 
  you really do n't get how your comment is xenophobic , do you ? 
  a racist dutch ? 
  gosh , no fucking surprise there , eh ? 
  i was looking for the fist very obvious racist comment . 
  73 upvotes atm . 
  welcome to / r/europe . 
  except of you are black . 
  or foreign . 
  or gypsy . 
  or jewish . 
   people get angry every time rapists get away without a proper punishment , yea , but you can really push people 's buttons with stereotypes . 
  the foreign , black rapist in this case . 
  [ remember the blond girl that was kidnapped by gypsies last year ? 
  that stuff sells papers and gets clicks and facebook likes . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/mystery-gypsy-girls-identity-confirmed-dna/story?id=20681522 ),
