  some muslims are shitty , some are decent . 
  some are fairly liberal . 
  especially second and third generation europeans . 
  what i have a problem with is when people get persecuted and discriminated against . 
  like muslims in europe right now . 
  instead of judged individually based on their individual actions . 
  our consititution guarentees religious freedom . 
  you are free to believe what you want . 
   osama has actually claimed responsibility . 
  we are talking about the invasion of afghanistan . 
  osama claimed responsibility long after that invasion . 
  i think you are intentionally making misleading statements . 
  i do n't like this `` style '' of debate . 
  good day . 
  there was a terrorist attack for which no one claimed responsibility . 
  the us claimed they had evidence ( never presented in public , much less a court ) that an individual residing in afghanistan was responsible . 
  the government of afghanistan was hesitant in extraditing that individual and was stalling the negotiations . 
  also demanding to see the evidence . 
  if nato will invade any country refusing to extradite people we claim have committed crimes in our countries we are in for a heckload of invasions . 
  did i miss anything ? 
  you claim a very narrow definition of racism , yet you accuse me of racism , because i `` defend oppressive ideologies '' and am `` ignorant '' ? 
  why do n't you relax , let the rage pass , sit down , take a deep breath and read our comment thread again . 
  as i said , i explained the points mentioned in detail . 
  easy to comprehend . 
  if you have any questions , ask them . 
  on a sidenote : islamophobia reveals it 's hyporcrisy mentioning ayaan hirsi ali and raif al-badawi . 
  if islmophobes had their way in europe , ali would have never been able to enter europe . 
  she would n't be here to speak to us . 
  because they want to block muslim immigration . 
  raif al-badawi is muslim . 
  muslims suffer most under theocrat governments . 
  the ones we support . 
  we pay the bully to hit and stab the muslim people . 
  if they rise up , we arm the bully to stop the uprising . 
  yet then we mock the muslims for the bully . 
  i extensively wrote about saudi arabia before . 
  which side do you think your government is on ? 
  raif 's or the saudi government 's side ? 
  the government you elected , btw . 
  [ if you have the time , why do n't you read a little about the history of your own country ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congo_free_state ) because you liked to compare nazism to islam . 
  there are other genocidal ideologies around next to nazism . 
  not all come from germany , you know ? 
  how defensive is it really to invade a country half a world away ? 
   afghanistan was legitimate . 
  i never discussed legitimacy . 
  merely the act of sending troops into other countries . 
  any legitimacy can be debated . 
  russia claims a lot of legitimacy in crimea and eastern ukraine with referendums and the like . 
  was there ever a referendum on isaf ? 
   ethnic cleansing is a bit of a touchy subject in europe . 
  [ harvesting organs from prisioners as well . 
  but are we really going to start a war over that ? 
  nope ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/organ_theft_in_kosovo ), 
   nato did not invade afghanistan , did not bomb libya and did not invade iraq . 
  you should learn to read . 
  in fact , i find it disturbing that / r/europe is so deep in natos ass currently , that they do n't even read the shit nato is posting on their own website about their mission . 
  even when i link to it . 
  * following the popular uprising against the qadhafi regime in benghazi , libya , in february 2011 , the un security council adopted resolutions 1970 and 1973 in support of the libyan people , `` condemning the gross and systematic violation of human rights '' . 
  the resolutions introduced active measures including a no-fly-zone , an arms embargo and the authorisation for member countries , acting as appropriate through regional organisations , to take `` all necessary measures '' to protect libyan civilians . 
  initially , nato enforced the no-fly-zone and then , on 31 march , nato took over sole command and control of all military operations for libya . 
  the nato-led `` operation unified protector '' had three distinct components : the enforcement of an arms embargo on the high seas of the mediterranean to prevent the transfer of arms , related material and mercenaries to libya ; the enforcement of a no-fly-zone in order to prevent any aircraft from bombing civilian targets ; and air and naval strikes against those military forces involved in attacks or threats to attack libyan civilians and civilian-populated areas . 
  the un mandate was carried out to the letter and the operation was terminated on 31 october 2011 after having fulfilled its objectives . 
  * nato later joined the occupation of iraq . 
  also note that the vast majority of nato countries joined the invasion beforehand . 
  falklands and mali were single country missions . 
  did nato later join in and stationed troops in the falklands ? 
  you mirror russian propaganda on crimea . 
  totally twisted shit . 
  * `` the big difference is that we are a defensive alliance , '' nato secretary-general jens stoltenberg told a member of russia 's parliament . 
  `` you send troops into other countries . 
  '' * [ the nato website itself has a list of foreign countries that nato attacked and sent troops to in the past ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natohq/topics_52060.htm ) nato invaded afghanistan . 
  and that went awsome . 
  afghanistan is now paradise on earth . 
  nato bombed libya . 
  that went awsome as well . 
  anyone reading this should check our recent news on libya . 
  they are the best tourist spot currently for all europeans . 
  because we bombed them to be a safe place . 
  nato bombed serbia and currently has troops stationed in kosovo as a result . 
  nato and iraq is a little more complicated . 
  the reason why nato countries invaded were those pesky wmds . 
  luckily , there are currently no wmds in either iraq or ukraine . 
  * the russian , konstantin kosachev , flatly denied russia is using its regular troops in ukraine . 
  * that 's an easy one . 
  regular troops need regular orders . 
  and regular uniforms . 
  why would anyone assume that putin wrote regular orders to send regular troops wearing regular uniforms into eastern ukraine ? 
  is n't that kinda stupid to assume given the current situation in which the russian government denies having troops in eastern ukraine ? 
  should n't they at least be descreet enough to send `` irregular '' troops ? 
  whatever you think about russia and their attempts to recreate the soviet union , even though they are merely an oil exporter , albeit with nuclear weapons and icbms , it is stupid to paint nato in such an `` innocent '' light . 
  edit : wow , i was downvoted within 20 seconds of posting this ... 
  people are born into islam . 
  that is what the sentence `` i was born into islam '' means . 
  that is all . 
  she directly refuted your earlier comment * still comparing ideas to accidents of births . 
  * is n't that really obvious ? 
  in one comment you compare nazism to islam . 
  the next comment you write that i misunderstood you and you did n't compare nazism to islam . 
  now this comment you , again , compare nazism to islam .
