  in a long line of lies . 
  you have been raging half of this discussion . 
  well , i have to admit , you are more stubborn in staying dumb than i have ever encountered anyone else . 
  but nothing is without meaning . 
  this was a good leaning experience . 
  i have heard of people like you , but i have never met such an outstanding example . 
  do n't blame your utter lack of explanations for your statements on me . 
  again , i do n't want to link back , because you get angry when i do , but read our conversation again . 
  most of your comments are one liners . 
  no explanation what it is about and absolutely no discussion about the topic at hand . 
  xenophobia/racist research suggest that those are one and the same . 
  people fear stuff they do n't understand and grow to hate it . 
  and people do n't understand stuff because they are ignorant . 
  so you are correcting your earlier statement . 
  anti-semitism and islamophobia are alike ? 
  i had to go over this with an islamophobe for over a month . 
  i refer you to this discussion : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cp7dnnt, 
   anti semitic means anti jew , islamophobic means afraid and possibly intolerant towards that culture . 
  so that means in your opinion islam is a culture . 
  what is judaism ? 
   definitely two different things . 
  so judaism is , in your opinion , not a culture . 
  obviously . 
  what is it , then ? 
  what is the big difference between islam and judaism ? 
  what is , in your opinion , the difference between islamophobia and anti-semitism ? 
  there is a huge difference between islamophobia and critizising certain ideas . 
  just as much as there is a difference between racism ( blacks ca n't rule countries ) and critizising the [ anc for huge mistakes and corruption during their 20 year reign . 
  ] ( http://guardianlv.com/2015/04/south-africa-xenophobia-has-increased-significantly-since-1994/ ), 
  well , as long as it is a competition only between the christian and the muslim god , maybe allah would win this decade . 
  maybe . 
  but other conflicts , that are neither about a christian , nor about a muslims god , are far worse , when it comes to body count . 
  in and around the drc , for example . 
  it far exceeds anything else currently going on . 
  and even syria is a mixed bag ( we are at over 210.000 dead now , isis killed a fraction of those ) on the one hand it is a national conflict between ethnic groups and a secular dictator and on the other hand a proxy war between russia , iran , saudi arabia and the us , among others , for some of these actors , religious differences play a role ( shia/sunna ) . 
  well , sorry if i ca n't read your thoughts . 
  what you write does not make sense without providing any context as to what you are talking about . 
  and the one time i made a spelling mistake , you were n't even able to understand . 
  again , i really do n't know what to say . 
  what is so irritating about it is that most , if not all argentinians support the claims by their government , even though they seem asinine . 
  when i ask them to explain those claims , they do n't answer . 
  afair , the claims were never high on the public agenda . 
  i would say even less so than the moroccon claim to melilla and ceuta or the spanish claim to gibraltar . 
  [ something obscure , take your pick . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_territorial_disputes#europe ) then the argentinian dictatorship needed a distraction in the early 1980s and started a bloody conflict that left a lot of people dead . 
  and instead of being angry at their military dictators , almost all argentinians seem to support the claim and it looks like it is high on the public agenda . 
  and a heated topic . 
  personally i do n't think argentinians are different from other people around the world . 
  choosing a `` side '' , or being on a `` side '' by birth or nationality or other trait and supporting the most idiotic shit . 
  i am looking at muslims , for example . 
  or islamophobia in europe . 
  or other nationalities . 
  russians supporting the war in ukraine . 
  or the nationalistic fever in britain on the other side of the war . 
  would it have been less , if the argentinian claim to the falklands would have been much stronger ? 
  if , for example , argentinians lived on the island . 
  sad state of human affairs . 
  people suck . 
  why would you be surprised ? 
  do you really think it matters what religion is up ? 
  the us military is mostly very religious . 
  do you have any idea how much people they kill ? 
  george w bush said his god told him to go to war in iraq . 
  that counts for about 100.000-500 .000 muslims thrown overboard . 
  or no religion ? 
  hitler did n't use a religion as an excuse to kill people . 
  neither did stalin or mao . 
  those three combined might ( depending on which historian you ask ) be responsible for about 100 million people dying . 
  yea , people use religion as an excuse to be shitty . 
  either because they have one that is right , or the other party has one that is wrong . 
  or the other party does n't have one . 
  why would you be surprised if christians murdered people ? 
  you probabely missed the [ kony craze back in 2012 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kony_2012 ) . 
  you should read a little about lord 's resistance army . 
  they raped and killed before boko haram made it cool . 
  you should really stop trusting the media and facebook . 
  they mostly report muslims being shitty , because it is better clickbait . 
  there is so much stuff happening in the world that we apply filters . 
  [ anything with the label ` muslim ' currently has a pass for the filter . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) so you read a lot about it . 
  in germany we just had more than 50 % of news stories about a plane crash . 
  for a whole week . 
  which does n't mean planes are suddenly all dropping from the sky . 
  it was only one plane that crashed . 
  who is murdering whom ? 
  uncle sam , for example , is murdering people in iraq , afghanistan and all over the world with drones . 
  uncle sam also tortures people so they confess to things they did n't do to justify wars . 
  i am not here to justify anything . 
  i condemn all muders and terrorists . 
  i am merely pointing out that we unfortunately do n't have any moral highground to speak from . 
  there are not good guys anymore . 
  well , there are . 
  but it certainly ai n't nato . 
  or any other military for that matter . 
  i think if you count the number of innocent civillians killed over the last 150 years , the us will single handedly ( without european support ) beat any body count muslims can come up with easily . 
  and i have my torch . 
  everyone ready ? 
  let 's go get that mod !, 
   that much was clear long ago . 
  from the beginning , actually , because you seldomly explain yourself .
