  only later in life , growing up further , i realized a lot of things about myself . 
  as i said , i do n't know about other countries , and this is not coming from all of germany . 
  just a broad range of intellectuals on the left , that suffer from it . 
  just like the anti immigratin reflexes , that a lot of people suffer from . 
  [ edit  imagine someone making a book about gw bush , his history and politics and putting `` about america '' , instead of `` about bush '' on the cover . 
   we would not resort to guerrilla tactics after that snurskev was talking about going ` over there ' . 
  as in we ( as europeans ) being the occupation force . 
  i think you are missing the point . 
   how could they fight a real opponent ? 
  you do n't have to fight if you have nukes . 
   the us ca n't even afford two small wars the us has a problem financing the occupation of two countries . 
  the wars were over within weeks , if not days . 
   the left who often was accused of anti-americanism ok , here we go . 
   much-touted title of leader of the free world and whatnot  barbarian , heartless , cruel , extreme hypocritical , unchristian and vile  cyncal imperialism  the us pushes its misery , exploitation , human rights violations , drug policies and `` intelectual property '' shit  the us has to fucking get itself out of my life you just passed the test with flying colors . 
  i do n't know if this was intentional , but you also provided some anecdotal evidence to prove my point . 
  thank you , i guess . 
  for everyone that is not german you have to know that there is a very long tradition of anti-americanism in germany . 
  a big part of the intellectual left into that . 
  you should read the article in that context , i believe . 
  nobody touches countries or governments that have the atomic bomb . 
  that 's why everyone wants it . 
  the us has plenty of those . 
  and the largest military in the world . 
  they spend more on military than the rest of the world combined . 
  going over there with what ? 
  if the us seriously became a fascist state , we would all be doomed . 
   cheers for the advice and the vodaphone recommendation . 
  maybe it wo n't be vodafone , but i do know for a fact that new data plans have come out very , very recently ( this past month ) in germany with costs finally down to a somewhat bareble level . 
   is the advantage of a hostel pass mostly a discount at each place , or is it also just useful for the hostel list ? 
  when i went about ten years ago you were only allowed in a youth hostel with an official pass . 
  though you could purchase one at the hostel when you check in . 
  and you need to be a certain age iirc . 
  i once hitchhiked in norther spain . 
  there were three of us . 
  two girls and me ( male ) . 
  to have better success we split up . 
  after waiting for half an hour with no one stopping i went to a gas station and found a couple of germans that took me . 
  the girls waited for two hours before giving up and taking the bus . 
  so : talk to people . 
  use easy to stop places like gas stations . 
  i do n't think just standing at the side of the road will work . 
  i have n't seen anyone do this while driving in a long time . 
   we 're expecting to stay in hostels . 
  there are hostel passes . 
  the place where you can purchase those will also sell you a book with all the official hostels in europe . 
  there will be lots of inofficial hostels that are good in popular tourist spots . 
   is it worth taking sleeping bags just in case ? 
  heck , is it worth taking a tent just in case ? 
  i met a guy that successfully hitch hiked from nother germany to souther france and all over europe . 
  he had a sleeping bag and slept in the fields behind gas stations on european highways and stayed on those . 
  this way he could cover the most distance in the shortest time . 
  he rode from gas station to gas station as far as his ride was going his way . 
   is there a way to get cheap 3g ( i.e. 
  getting a cheap international data-only sim card ) or would there be massive roaming charges on data transfer ? 
  just very recently vodafone germany started offering europe wide ( limited list of countries ) 3g , though it is still much more expensive than national data plans . 
  but the offers i saw finally went down to somewhat reasonable levels . 
  if you limit yourself to a little google maps and email and download wikipedia to your phone before you leave it might work . 
  depending on if you can get vodafone uk to sell you a similar plan . 
  when talking about immigration there are at least three completely different topics that i can identify that have little or nothing to do with each other . 
  we need immigration in europe . 
  a lot . 
  our population is shrinking way too fast and we need a lot of people to supplement that . 
  but that is no easy task , since nobody wants to move to italy or germany . 
  we have a bad reputation . 
  and do n't pay enough money . 
  our language is difficult to learn and you ca n't get around on english . 
  so the highly skilled , adaptable , modern elite goes to america and canada and maybe skandinavia . 
  but not germany or italy . 
  the countries hardest hit by the population shrinkage . 
  i think the un recently calculated that we need 200.000 or even 300.000 people a year coming ** to ** germany . 
  but currently there are more people leaving than coming . 
  so from the migration standpoint we currently have a net loss . 
  a little comment here : the way we treat students that come to germany on a student visa and that * we * pay a lot of money to educate it is no wonder they leave imho . 
  we actually want them to leave and do n't give them resident visa after they spent five years or more studying and working here . 
  no matter what they field is . 
  engineering , computer science , ... 
  i kid you not . 
  we throw those people out . 
  because apart from what the public might think we have very tough immigration laws and very tough immigration agencies . 
  illegal immigration from africa and asia . 
  this is completely different . 
  these are highly motivated and eager to work people looking for opportunities who typically have low skills . 
  though we can certainly accomodate some of them ( we need them on farms for example ) i believe it would be better to have controlled immigration for low skilled jobs . 
  care for the elderly is a fast growing sector . 
  we already have immigration programs for nurses , that cause a lot of problems for african countries , because they develope a shortage of nurses . 
  a little comment here : first of all , there is a lot less illegal immigration than in the us and the problem is grossly overstated and a big problem in another way . 
  a lot of people die in the meditarranean sea attempting to come to europe , that is a humanitarian crises , though i have no idea how to solve it , maybe more controlled immigration from africa would solve some of it . 
  the biggest problem is that europe causes a lot of instability in africa . 
  young people do n't see opportunities in those countries . 
  so they seek them elsewhere . 
  if we help create opportunities there , or simply stop destroying opportunties , they would n't come here . 
  a little more fair trade , for example , and that problem would be greatly migitated imho . 
  immigrants in germany that have been here for a long time . 
  the guest workers . 
  they were never integrated , because they were expected to leave after working here for a decade or so . 
  a lot of them did n't . 
  and while i believe that problem is also overstated it currently is somewhat of a problem , indeed . 
  but this is actually not an immigration problem , since there are no new guest workers arriving . 
  most of them have been here for decades , are born here and carry german passports . 
  that is already three vastly different fields that we are discussing here under one topic .
