  a model one at that . 
  i have to admit . 
  because it goes against jews ? 
  a religious group ? 
  islamophobia also goes against a religious group . 
  antiziganism , because it goes against a culture , rather than a religion or race ? 
  racism sticks out . 
  because it is the most well known . 
  islamophobia might be the `` newest '' . 
  which is probabely why people like you still contest it . 
  just like people contested antiziganism or anti-semitism or racism back in the day . 
  many still do . 
  just like you . 
   institutional racism has not existed in decades yea . 
  slavery is gone . 
  torture is gone . 
  the death penalty is gone . 
  poverty is gone . 
  institutional racism is gone . 
  we live in utopia . 
  huray !, 
  this one is for germany , though you are bound to find plenty examples for your own country . 
  if you open your eyes , take the fingers out of your ears and stop humming loudly : * by stefan theil german chancellor angela merkel has put integration at the top of her agenda , pushing for naturalization of immigrants and creating a high-powered islam conference that has raised the visibility of muslim leaders in german public life . 
  yet last week , the oecd published a damning report on germany 's integration efforts , ranking it at or near the bottom on several measures of its ability to provide education and employment opportunities for its 15 million migrants ( who make up 19 percent of the population ) . 
  one painful statistic : young second-generation immigrants -- who should be getting integrated through the education system -- are twice as likely to be unemployed as native germans , even when both hold a college degree . 
  the gap was the highest among the 16 countries studied , a result that author thomas liebig blames on rampant discrimination . 
  * * and in the one area where the german government has direct control , it is dismally failing to follow its own exhortations to integrate : according to the same report , no country performed worse in opening its civil service to citizens with a migrant background . 
  second-generation migrants are joining the civil service at less than one third the rate of same-age germans -- also the biggest gap among all the countries studied . 
  at german schools , for example , only an estimated 1 percent of teachers have a non-german background , even as the share of students with a migrant background approaches one in three countrywide . 
  merkel and her ministers can promote integration as much as they want , but unless they do more to open up germany 's ethnically homogenous public administration , as many other countries have done , these efforts will remain halfhearted gestures . 
   culture ! = religion this world is a little more complex than that . 
  there are a lot of xenophobias . 
  some get a name and special treatment ( anti-semitism , , antiziganism , racism , islamophobia ) . 
  this only means that it is a widespread and has ideology . 
  the effects of some xenophobias are also worse than others . 
  when people in power are xenophobes , they can ( and do ) cause a lot more harm than disadvantaged folk . 
  so white racism against blacks causes a lot more harm than black racism against whites . 
  even though both exist . 
  one may be more widespread than the other , but this is hotly debated . 
  fact is that people with resources have a lot more influence than people without . 
   if i criticise christian dogma , am i a christianophobe ? 
  islamophobia is much bigger than simply about dogma . 
  hatred of muslims plays a big role . 
   religions are just ideas , yes , religions are ideas . 
  but churches form communities . 
  church leaders have influence over worldly affairs . 
  culture and religion mix and influence each other a great deal . 
  islamophobia is about much more than `` just religion '' . 
   no matter how loud right-wingers islamophobia is a right wing sentiment . 
  what is your criteria ? 
  i just pointed out that even alcohol ( which is viewed as a minor issue ) kills a thousand time as much people as muslim terrorists do in europe , and you dismiss this . 
  150.000 people marched in france against gays !, 
  again . 
  what is your criteria for a problem being big ? 
  or why do think something is bad or good ? 
  is anti gay rethoric bad ? 
  or an anti gay stance ? 
  then you may be concerned about 150.000 people in paris . 
  is a high body count bad ? 
  well , take an honest look at the numbers . 
  is threat to humanity bad ? 
  well , climate change . 
  whatever your criteria , muslims in europe do n't even register . 
  racism does . 
  don the headscarf . 
  you will find out yourself . 
  firsthand . 
  do n't need to believe me . 
   let 's look at past centuries , not the current issue * those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it *, 
  i am sorry about the nazi accusation . 
  you are not a nazi . 
  you are only racist . 
  and racism is spread very far in the european population . 
  if more people would simply accept that racism is a thing and lots of people have it ( including immigrants , of course , they hate jews ) , it might be a lot easier to deal with it . 
  which is why i asked you to wear the headscarf for a week . 
  so you could experience the racism firsthand yourself . 
  the racism that you think is not a problem . 
  well , prove it !, 
  if you worry about european values : how many immigrants does france have in total ? 
  how many people vote for right wing extremist ( anti european values ) parties in france ? 
  which one is the bigger threat ? 
  so half of muslims are pretty conservative . 
  and what does that say about the other half ? 
  did you read the study ? 
   alevites , a turkish minority current within islam , display much lower levels of fundamentalism ( 15 % ) . 
  alevites are muslims , too . 
  but i do n't want to even talk about or defend any of those numbers . 
  because , while it may be a cause for concern in and of itself , it does n't excuse your racism . 
  two bad things do n't make one good thing . 
   about fundamental islam being a threat to european values and societies if you actually read the report , you would not write this . 
  yes , some of them might not share values that i hold dear ( you , being a racist , obviously not ) , european nazis ( such as you ) still constitute the bigger threat . 
  * one should not forget that in western europe muslims make up a relatively small minority of the population . 
  although relatively speaking levels of fundamentali sm and out-group hostility are much higher among muslims , in absolute numbers there are at least as many christian as there are muslim fundamentalists in western europe , and the l arge majority of homophobes and anti- semites are still natives . 
  * i do n't know much about terrorism in france , but over here in germany we had one instance of a lone crazy islamist guy killed two american soldiers in 2011 . 
  following the `` drone doctrine '' of the us , where killing the enemy outside of the battlefield is allowed , this might be classified as justified killing by the us . 
  in germany it is murder . 
  we also had 152 victims of right wing political violence ( e.g. 
  terrorism ) since 1990 in germany . 
  so which one is the bigger problem ? 
  we currently have a huge trial against the [ nsu ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_underground ) , for example .
