  the justifications come afterwards . 
  no matter what the facts are , they wo n't change your racism . 
  you are similar to islamists in isis in that regard . 
  facts do n't matter at all , when it comes to racism . 
  facts are only used , when they support the racist view and are discarded , when they are contrary . 
  just like religious fanatics . 
  i am therefore not going to waste my time . 
  if you want to find out more , just try to read and understand racism and islamophobia . 
  a good start would be the wikipedia articles on both topics . 
  going from atheism to full blown islamophobia in two easy steps . 
  :-( i should have seen it coming ... why do i even write this shit ? 
  fucking racists really piss me off !, 
  yet they are ** not ** trying to , are they ? 
  is that soooooo difficult to understand ? 
  really ? 
  there is a difference between wanting something gone and actively `` protesting '' something . 
  or not ? 
   i think it would be a fair goal to make the removal of the most problematic religions a goal ... ie islam . 
  i do not believe there is any reason to single out islam . 
  conservative christianity is n't much different . 
  the difference is that a higher percentage of muslims is conservative . 
  mostly because of regional and socioeconomic factors . 
  you should also take into account political factors . 
  if you study islamic regions and their history , you will find that they used to be very independant in almost every sense . 
  there is/was no homgenous islam . 
  but rather huge differences in very different cultures . 
  without us and uk military help , the house of saud would have been swept away by the tides of history long ago . 
  saddam hussein posed the last modern challenge to that mideval regime in 1991 . 
  and deposed of the mideval regime in kuweit . 
  but our governments decided otherwise . 
  beginning in the mid 80s , wahhabi missionary work spread extremist islam all over the muslim world . 
  extremist islam would never have been possible without our strong military support . 
  conservative islam , yes . 
  so if you want to fight extremists , you have to stop their supporters . 
  the biggest one is the pentagon . 
  a fight i can hardly see you winning . 
  they are the best funded military in the world and have a billion dollar propaganda / public relations operation . 
   the removal of the most problematic i think this a problematic choice of words . 
  islam consists of people , too . 
  how do you propose to `` remove '' people ? 
  i am german . 
  we tried that . 
  did n't work . 
  the religion in question is still there . 
   i am interpolating . 
  christians and muslims are more conservative , so the people protesting would represent higher % of each group . 
  mhm . . ookaay    why do many muslims come to the west , and then protest against western values ( over 60 mostly islamphobic upvotes for `` interpolated '' , loaded question ) but i digress  they even made their own political party . 
  [ sure ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_france#politics ) on a different note : why do so many canadians come over to europe and try to incite racist violence ? 
  i do n't need sources for that . 
  i am interpolating ... 
  you seem to be under the impression that i want people to leave their religion , which is wrong , or that people should generally leave their religion , which is a questionable goal in a moral sense and an irrational goal in a practical sense . 
  you will fail , if you want it all . 
  if you want people to accept basic facts , you have to be prepared to at least meet them half way . 
  if you expect them to leave your religion entirely , they will never listen to you . 
  it really depends what your goal is . 
  to make a fraction of people leave their religion and pissing everyone else off , or build bridges over which a majority of them might venture to walk . 
  actually , i used the guys language that i was answering to . 
  i should never write `` our '' values . 
  those values are universal . 
  unfortunately while our `` western '' culture used to be much closer , at least in spirit , we have succumbed to a more barbaric culture over the last two decades . 
  we torture ( guantanamo bay ) and condemn people to death without any trial ( drones ) . 
  also support for a harsher treatment of those less fortunate ( criminals , poor people immigrants ) is rising . 
  we have to be careful , when `` looking down '' upon those , whose culture we deem further apart from universal human values and the resulting human rights , enshrined the such universal documents as the udhr , the uncrc and many others . 
  if someone is n't showing cleavage , is that religious ? 
  also the girl in the article this discussion is about was wearing a black skirt . 
  what exactly is religious about that ? 
  i am seriously wondering . 
  [ niqab ban in france : she takes off her niqab live !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zamx5yomjxg ) what is religious and what is n't ? 
  i guess that depends on who is wearing it in which circumstances ? 
  so a non muslim may wear a skirt , but a muslim ca n't ? 
  or was it about the color ? 
  or the length ? 
  that only states they have been active . 
  nothing else . 
  that is your source to say that `` many muslims protest western values '' ? 
  you then point to an example where french non immigrant , christian or atheist people organise a protest and * try * to recruit muslims ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  maybe you should edit your original point . 
  you do n't seem to have one , when checking the facts . 
  on a more serious note : there is a very good reason why there is no political participation of conservative immigrants . 
  because of european political parties and their respective political spectrums . 
  conservative values have always been supported by center right parties , which are also traditionally opposed or , at least sceptical of , immigrants as a whole . 
  center left is more progressive . 
  there are no parties representing conservative immigrants . 
  but that is n't the only reason for a lack of participation . 
  there are numerous others . 
  the only time they visibly partake in germany is about issues directly concerning the places they are from . 
  syrians would protest in front of the syrian embassy , for example . 
  but that is usually not about anything german . 
  well , `` our '' secular values enshrined in our constitutions including , for example , freedom of religion and equality as opposed to values largely dictated by religious scholars that still have trouble accepting equality . 
  another would be corporal punishment . 
  again , those are values we aspire to . 
  the us , still has capital punishment , for example . 
   you do realize that there were a lot of muslims in those protests as well ? 
  to be perfectly honest , i am very surprised . 
  as i said before , over here in germany there is almost no political participation of immigrants , muslim or otherwise . 
  none of the english sources about these anti-gay-marriage protests mentioned a significant muslim participation . 
  and i ca n't speak french .
