  and then what about freedom of religion and expression ? 
  `` i disapprove of what you say , but i will defend to the death your right to say it '' i disapprove of what you wear ( turtle on your head ) , but i will defend your right to wear it !, 
    just like in syria , where our allies support the jihadists . 
  we are basically supporting al quaida in taking over a vast stockpile of chemical weapons . 
  bad idea ? 
  maybe . 
  but definately hypocritical when we then loose our shits when they start using it . 
  after all , we gave it to them . 
    we are in complete agreement here . 
  helping the rebels take over syria is another in a long list of mistakes the west has made in the muslim world . 
  on a different tangent : sometimes i think the vast and costly anti terror measures and the gwot have to justify themselves sometimes . 
  the us is probabely spending a thousand times more to save people from terrorist attacks than to save them from heart attacks , or other health related problems . 
  or traffic accidents . 
  if you spend that much money you have to have something to show for it . 
  al quaida with sarin gas would certainly fit that bill , would n't it ? 
  i said i do n't want to refute every single bit . 
  i could now point to mexican and other latino immigrant gangs that terrify california schools . 
  poor immigrants , gang violence , etc. 
  much worse , btw . 
  than anything germany has ever seen . 
  that would be one of those anti-american things german leftists would point out to prove how evil the us is . 
  and how no one should follow their example , because otherwise we would have gang violence at our schools , too . 
  all a bunch of bull . 
  i dont want to refute every single thing . 
  it 's the wrong kind of argument we are having . 
  there is nothing special to muslims . 
  you keep pointing to very long and ancient parts of history , where large empires , some of them muslim , conquered lands and killed people . 
  we have had that since the beginning of time . 
  you make absolutely no point as to why the islamic conquests would be differen/special . 
  again and again it is completely moronic of me to even engage in such a discussion . 
  to refute every single story . 
  every single claim . 
  because history is so long . 
  you can come up with another and another and another example . 
  the genocides ? 
  what 's so special about them ? 
  ever heard of the holocaust ? 
  or ruanda . 
  yes they are absolutely awful . 
  yet they happen . 
  and the west even ignored the one in ruanda . 
  tough shit . 
  i would go as far as to call that being complicit . 
  why are we shitting our pants over syria now , if we did n't bat an eyelash over ruanda in 1994 ? 
  which marked just one step that led to other atrocities in the region that i already linked to . 
  they are probabely killing more people a week * right now * than in syria . 
  we supported that , we supported this . 
  they supported that . 
  whose fault is it ? 
  it does n't matter whose fault it is . 
  i am simply pointing out , that we are cloe allies with the worst ( arguably worse than the taliban ) islamic extremist regime there is . 
  and we have more guns than the muslims . 
  so telling them that they are extremists , while , at the same time propping up their most extremist regime ** is ** dishonest . 
  is that our fault ? 
  are we wrong ? 
  not really . 
  we can do what we want . 
  nations do what fits their interest . 
  not what benefits people . 
  but it is very hypocritical to then go there and tell them to reign in their extremists . 
  the ones we give money and guns to . 
  just like in syria , where our allies support the jihadists . 
  we are basically supporting al quaida in taking over a vast stockpile of chemical weapons . 
  bad idea ? 
  maybe . 
  but definately hypocritical when we then loose our shits when they start using it . 
  after all , we gave it to them . 
  and again . 
  why am i argueing and points ? 
  there is nothing special about islam . 
  if there was in the books , chances are no muslim cares about it . 
  just like no christian cares about `` loving thy enemy '' , even though it is a fundamental part of christian theology . 
  people simply ignore it and point to other , earlier parts of the bible that jesus strongly refuted . 
  is there something evil in the quaran ? 
  who cares ? 
  people use scriptures to fit their needs . 
  is there something good in the quaran ? 
  who cares ? 
  best example : i point out that fgm exists in places without much islamic influence and you point out that in the same region they use scriptures to justify it . 
  so it most likely exists without islam , but they introduced islam , so now they look for jusitification in the books . 
  what are you asking about ? 
  [ about a mob coming to kill someone ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lynching_in_the_united_states ) ? 
  or about [ blasphemy laws ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law ) ? 
  while it is pretty scary to have some mob come to your house and accuse you of some arbitrary crime , it is not unthinkable to have that happen in a lot of countries . 
  completely unrelated to islam . 
  just think of mob justice on reddit . 
  post a pic of yourself killing a kitten on facebook and wait for it . 
  i know it 's a different scale , but we do n't live in some backwater place like pakistan . 
  but if you want to see something similar unoconnected to islam , [ just accuse a woman of being a witch in southern africa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/witch-hunt#sub-saharan_africa ) . 
  i do n't see why i have to refute every single bogus claim of muslim excpetionalism you come up with . 
  [ would you do the same if someone told you mexicans are the devil and would come up with a bunch of instances . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_homicides_in_ciudad_ju%c3%a1rez ) would you really feel compelled to explain and find similar instances without any connection to mexico for every single thing they come up with ? 
  this is idiotic . 
  there is nothing worse , and certainly nothing better about muslims . 
  maybe slightly so . 
  as i said coming into this discussion , that i find the burkha horrible . 
  and saudi arabia is one of the worst places on earth ( yet one of our closest allies ) . 
  but there are other bad places . 
  like north korea . 
  and there are worse styles of clothing .
