  like miley cyrus at the vma , for example . 
  i still do n't think there is anything exceptional about islam . 
  let 's talk about america for a second : i have come around a bit a found the us to be the least racist place on earth . 
  over all . 
  now you ( and many , many european leftists ) may point out the horrible , racism that still exists in the us . 
  like the high number of incarcerated blacks . 
  the treatment of latinos . 
  the still segregated proms in the south . 
  and all the other shit . 
  but guess what . 
  there are worse places . 
  over all , when it comes to racism , america wins on average . 
  maybe canada will beat it in places . 
  but if you simply state north america as a continent , it will be the least racist one , imho . 
  so , how come such a horrible , racist place gets best place ? 
  because other places are worse . 
  many people are racist . 
  and to certain degrees . 
  the us just has less . 
  and to a lesser degree . 
  and then there are other things . 
  like confronting the past . 
  where the us does not take first place . 
  because of patriotism , the willingness of the us to face up to it 's colonialism and the native-american genocide is actually fairly limited . 
  still better than belgium , though ( we were talking of the drc , were n't we ? ) . 
  then there are still a lot of other cultural things . 
  standards . 
  and in a lot of them , lots of countries fare worse . 
  and a lot of them are muslim . 
  they are not a special class of their own . 
  but i would argue , that egypt , for example , is a really , really racist place . 
  [ they have yet to tackle a huge and growing problem on the sinai ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13388039 ) . 
  but i suspect they do n't give a shit , because the victims are foreigners and black . 
  saudis treat asians like crap . 
  the people that do the actual work in saudi arabia . 
  and yes , that is bad , but are the root causes islam ? 
  would it be different if they were christians or jews or buddhists ? 
  did christians help the jews in the death camps ( disclaimer : i am german ) ? 
  nope . 
  did russians rise up against stalin and the gulag ? 
  about 100 million people died in some relation to communism in the 20th century . 
  islam is way , way behind . 
  how many millions perished because of colonialism ? 
  8 million in congo free state alone . 
  islam ca n't compete with that . 
  and there is heaps of evidence linking colonialism to christianity ( missionaries ) . 
  is christianity to blame for the millions and millions that died in the colonies ? 
  yes , there are bad things . 
  and muslims do bad things . 
  and there is horrible stuff like fgm . 
  but i would argue that fgm exists independent of islam . 
  in the biographical work `` desert flower '' by waris dirie , a women who suffers from fgm , islam is n't mention once , afair . 
  it does n't really play a role . 
  it is a tradition by somali nomads . 
   but in the muslim realm , no such critical scrutiny exists . 
  there is no acknowledgement of the muslim slave-trade , of the armenian and hindu genocides , of the extirpation of local cultures after the islamic conquests , of the institutionalized discrimination suffered by dhimmis , etc. 
  none of these crimes are ever acknowledged , because doing so will unravel the edifice of supremacism and utopia upon which the islamic ideal is based . 
  you could write the very same paragraph and replace islam with japan . 
  total unwillingness to confront it 's past , which is way more horrible than the islam , btw . 
  and also an edifice of supremacism and utopia . 
  sounds all very japanese to me . 
  again , nothing special about islam here . 
  unwillingness to face the past ? 
  ask a russian about stalin . 
  they are currently white washing the history books . 
   not only is islamic history and culture neatly sanitized as a matter of course , but it is done so not only in the muslim realm , but in europe and america as well . 
  we in the west will discuss our own sins , our universities will put them under a microscope , but we dare not discuss the sins of the `` other '' , for that would be `` racist '' . 
  you sir - in your discourse with me - are the personification of that culture of repression . 
  pointing the finger at others always leaves a bad taste . 
  especially when you are currently exploiting them ( oil ) , supporting their worst enemies ( saudi royal family ) and fight a war against them ( afghanistan ) . 
  it smacks of justification . 
  and again , compared to other stuff ( like hitler , stalin , colonialism , etc. ), 
  islam actually managed to do very little . 
  though not because they are good , simply because they lacked the opportunity , imho . 
  they did n't . 
  the armenian genocide was committed by outspoken secular turkish nationalist . 
  muslim slave trade is a little too far in the past ( wan na go back to the crusades ? ) . 
  imho , as long as we support the medieval regime in saudi arabia , that actually does all the bad things you attribute to all muslims , and does so against the will of most muslims , we ca n't really blame them for it . 
  if it would n't be for our longstanding and strong military support , the regimes of saudi arabia , bahrain , the emirates and kuwait would n't exist anymore and would have long been replaced by more modern , if not more democratic leadership styles . 
  again , the worst elements of islam are our guys . 
  the taliban are our soldiers . 
  al quaida was trained and financed in cia camps . 
  yes , at the end of the 80s a lot of that stopped , but was replaced by saudi support . 
  saudi money . 
  and what did we do ? 
  operation desert storm . 
  to ensure that the modern and secular regime of saddam hussein would not replace the sick medieval one in saudi arabia . 
  did women wear the headscarf under saddam ? 
  what are they wearing in saudi arabia ? 
  dude , if you only had half an idea about the stereotypes that european lefties nurse about americans . 
  they probabely think of americans the same as you think of muslims . 
  guns , death penalty for kids , war loving , materialistic yet radical christian , you name it . 
  and they have about the same amount of historical `` facts '' as you have to back it up . 
  like the recent made up pretense of wmds for the war in iraq . 
  or vietnam ( pentagon papers and gulf of tonkin incident ) . 
  the recent nsa/prism stuff just plays into it . 
  i talked to a friend recently about cesarian section numbers in the us ( going up ) and he simply said it reinforces his unfavourable view of americans . 
  there is so much stuff , people write books about americans being the doom of mankind and have every single fact neatly backed up . 
  just like the stuff you collect about muslims . 
  and they also have their `` experiences '' with americans .
