  except for sometimes buying illegal data disks . 
  mainly for show . 
  it 's not even that . 
  stopping the plane is a huge deal in diplomacy . 
  akin to slapping the president upside the head and calling his mum a bitch . 
  just to have a look inside the plane if snowdon * might * be in there . 
  so it 's not about `` being sympathetic '' to someone . 
  the whole of south america is up in arms . 
  and rightly so . 
  the former colonial powers of france , spain and portugal just showed complete disrespect . 
  i do n't know what it is , but the revelations must either be very , very inconvenient for these countries ( we might hear more from snowdon on this ) , or they are really just americas lapdogs . 
  because we will surely hear more about this the next time we are talking to anyone from south america . 
  that might be a lot of trade they just flushed down the toilet . 
  you think the uk are the lapdogs of the us ? 
  think again . 
  france , portugal and spain risked billions in trade and their collective diplomatic faces for the mere possibility to catch snowdon and maybe deliver him to the us . 
  this whole thing is outrageous . 
  any politician from these countries is making a fool out of himself speaking out against the us . 
  it 's all just acting . 
  eiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii weeeeeellllcommmmeeee dudes !!, 
  ( and certainly girls ) :-), 
   it makes complete and total sense for security agencies to get advance notice and patch up before public announcement that is the thing . 
  giving some of the customers of your products preferential treatment is normal . 
  so if you trust some of your larger companies enough that they keep it to themselves you can alert them early of security issues while fixing them for the rest of your customers , so they can take additional steps and use a workaround while the fix is developed . 
  this does not only apply to microsoft , but to any other software company i suppose . 
  but there is a difference . 
  the current information we have alludes to the agencies using the information to access third party computers via the security hole . 
  and that microsoft is fully aware of that and even sets up the information in that way . 
  this is a huge difference . 
  and a breach of trust . 
  same with prism . 
  what everyone assumed before the scandal broke was that individual access is granted to individual sets of data through court orders . 
  wiretapping . 
  it happens in a lawful was in every country . 
  a judge decides and you are not being told . 
  otherwise there would be no point to wiretapping . 
  everyone knew/assumed that this was the case with us companies as well . 
  they would get individual sets of data through court orders . 
  what is alluded currently is that they get all the data . 
  everything . 
  from microsoft , yahoo , google and skype and then dig through it themselves using data mining . 
  and decide on a case by case basis not to actively look at the data from us citizen . 
  there is a huge difference . 
  cloud computing depends on trust . 
  which , imho , was destroyed by these leaks . 
  [ we all know where it is really from . 
  ] ( http://ars.userfriendly.org/cartoons/?id=19990207 ) ^ ^, 
  i wonder why no one has mentioned owncloud yet . 
  just rent webspace and run your own cloud on that . 
  rent webspace at a local provider near you . 
  i live in berlin . 
  very close to where i am there is a company called 1blu . 
  i can walk over to them . 
  a small webhoster in berlin would also be fritsch hosting : http://www.fritsch-hosting.de/produkte/webserver.php you get free email with every domain/webhosting package and your own domain . 
  owncloud : http://owncloud.org/ and if you need collaboration , you need a groupware . 
  tine20 and kolab 3 are currently the best . 
  kolabsystems currently runs a free trial : https://kolabsys.com/mykolab, 
  i do n't know about ligitation . 
  in germany we do n't sue all the time . 
  i think it is more about reputation . 
  once you let someone copy your data you do n't know where it is going . 
  we already know that the us is sharing their prism data with friendly services . 
  where is it going next ? 
  no idea . 
  which is why only you and your service provider should ever have access to your data . 
  and it should stay on their servers and not copied . 
  back to my original point : since google and the like now have a leak , their reputation is gone . 
  simple as that . 
  and you do n't do business with such a company . 
  the revelations about prism certainly damaged the reputation of these companies so much , that no reputable it professional will recommend them anymore . 
  at least not in germany . 
  the only way to combat that would be full transparency . 
  i am actually quite curious about next week . 
  but so far i have been disappointed by the flat denials by the companies . 
  larry page states he never heard of prism . 
   as if people outside of america somehow are n't worthy of the same rights they do make a huge distinction . 
  look up drone killigs for one . 
  and again , this has nothing to do with * the kind * of immigrants . 
  i guess portugal is less racist for now . 
  which is kinda cool . 
  i certainly did n't think so after some really racist portugese here on reddit . 
  ( racism is independent of the target , it 's something the racist thinks or does ), 
   the sudden rise of popularity for ukip and other far-right parties ? 
  this happens everytime the economy takes a turn for the worse . 
  you will also see a rise in xenophobia when the economy goes down the tubes . 
  conditions become worse and people automatically start looking for a scapegoat . 
  jews , muslims , anyone who is different . 
  not long ago homosexuality itself was oulawed . 
  now we have lots of gay rights in many countries . 
  change comes . 
  and to some , it comes too quick . 
  yes , homophobia is bad , i am not going to defend it , i am just pointing out that conservatives always have a hard time accepting change . 
  even when it is for the better . 
  so it will take time and there will always be a little backlash . 
  i like to compare the issue to the civil rights movement of black people in the us . 
  they got most of their rights in the 60s , but interracial marriage was ( or even still is ) frowned upon for a long time after . 
  even by blacks themselves or white people that had no problem having blacks as friends or working alongside them . 
  maybe culture is also something we interpret differently ? 
  i think clothes are a major part of culture . 
  people express themselves through what they wear .
