  autocratic regimes love international crisis situations to divert attention away from themselves and how they run the country . 
  there is a big russian minority in parts of the ukraine . 
  the russian government is under pressure to protect them . 
  there is a lof of strategic interest at stake with their naval base . 
  russia is again trying extended their empire to former soviet union glory by influencing their neighbors . 
  if they were to invade ukraine they would expose the weakness of nato to do anything about it , sending a strong signal to all the other candidates . 
  like they did in georgia in 2008 . 
  the russian military likes to show off . 
  the move could be seen as very popular in russia itself , see this point in connection with number 1 . 
  i do n't think the eu and/or nato could do anything . 
  and they would n't . 
  which is good , imho , because it makes the whole situation a lot less tense . 
  otherwise we would be looking at a potential wwiii . 
  instead we are only looking at a small scale war , which is regrettable , but a lot less bad . 
  it also makes intervention by russia much more likely . 
  so maybe that will pressure ukraine enough so they will give in without an all out invasion . 
  please keep in mind that a ) the `` coalition of the willing '' had a lot less reason to be in iraq in 2003 than russia has in ukraine in 2014 and b ) we expect a lot less collateral damage from such a war . 
  certainly not such a hellhole that is iraq right now . 
  so please do n't get your panties all in a bunch . 
  a bit of engineering advice from our british friends on top . 
  this is perfect . 
  let 's go then ? 
  germans marching east ? 
  nothing can go wrong , right ? 
  just like last time !, 
  i am a little unsure what to make of this all . 
  during the orange revolution i heard that part of the ukraine is pro russian ( russian speaking , large russian ethnic minority ) and part of the ukraine is pro european . 
  so to me these `` protests '' always seem like an internal power struggle complicated by a very corrupt elite ( while timoschenko was corrupt , no doubt , janukowitsch took a ** lot ** more money ) . 
  so janukowitsch actually does n't have such a high stake in russia or the eu . 
  he is just in for the loot from him and his allied oligarchs . 
  but otoh his power base is with the people that are pro russian , making his decisions populist somewhat democratic decisions . 
  so i always thought the whole thing is much more complicated than a simple russia vs eu . 
  are there any dangers of ukraine possibly falling apart , if this takes much longer ? 
  is the threat of russia/nato ` intervention ' holding the country together ? 
  how much influence do they have anyways ? 
  some say a lot , some say almost none . 
  threatening to freeze the accounts of janukowitsch and his associates certainly is an issue that seems to carry a lot of weight . 
  so the eu does look they they can wield some influence . 
  and russia can cut of the gas supply . 
  but does the corrupt elite care about gas , or does russia have something else on them ? 
  after all , russia is run by professional kgb staff . 
  they know how to pressure people . 
   `` after we open the can it 's going to party , party , '' and i am pretty sure those scandinavians know how to . 
   that is how arms/military contracts are done in every country on earth . 
  while that is true ( also true that military likes `` sexy '' stuff , not `` useful '' stuff , though it is difficult to gauge what is `` useful '' , depending on where you stand on killing people ) , it is also true that greece did spend tons of money to build up their military against turkey while both being in nato . 
  an extremely unlikely scenario . 
  the whole thing is completely unreal with european companies ( germany at the foremost ) selling greece stuff to be able to fight turkey instead of trying harder to build up trust between turkey and greece . 
  for example by letting turkey into the eu . 
  it did work for france and germany , after all . 
  this is what the eu started out as . 
  we wanted to stop future wars and got a really big peace dividend for that . 
  and had to spend a lot less on military . 
  then again , i guess those military contracts * were * juicy after all ... 
  israel has it 's faults . 
  and there is bad stuff going on there . 
  nonetheless , the surrounding countries treat their palestinian occupants much worse . 
  and that is just the palestinians . 
  they also have minorities , some that have lived there for a long time , that they also treat a lot worse . 
  turkey is also considered a modern democracy , yet their treatment of the kurds is arguably similar . 
  i do n't even want to start with the non democracies in the region . 
  syria killed about 100.000 people over the last two years . 
  a proxy war between the iran and saudi arabia / uae . 
  israel also has a stake in that war . 
  anyways : israel is used by many countries as a scapegoat . 
  to distract people from their own horrible governments . 
  hell , black africans trying to reach israel and/or europe routinely get stopped in sinai by the local tribes and are held in horrible conditions and tortured ( including amputations ) to try and collect ransom from the families of the victims . 
  and the egyptian government does n't give a rats ass about that . 
  how is that for starters ? 
  yet all we hear about are the poor palestinians in israel . 
  nothing about the poor palestinians in lebanon or egypt that are mostly worse off . 
  i am not saying israel is a saint . 
  far from it . 
  but please have some perspective . 
  not like bush , who justified his war in irak , because `` saddam gassed his own people '' . 
  hint : he gassed the iranians , too . 
  after some target coordination help by the us . 
   why , in the twenty-first century , does a european nation have blasphemy laws ? 
  [ here is the wikipedia article , look up your countries , i linked directly to mine , ours gets usage , albeit infrequently ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/blasphemy_law#germany ), 
  there are other upsides to the us system . 
  but i agree , there are also many downsides . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  personally i prefer the civil law system as well . 
  all i am saying is that there is a reason for how the us system works . 
  there is more to it than outrageous settlements for hot coffee spills . 
  but the settlements make it very attractive to sue someone in the us , if that someone has deep pocket ( large company , state , or good insurance ) and you have a good chance of winning . 
  most cases get thrown out , because they do n't have a connection to the us . 
  but since it is common law , the judges do have a lot of leeway , if there is no precedence . 
  and then there are always upper courts . 
   the us garbage system not everything that is different is crap . 
  different strokes for different folks . 
  if you ever go to the us , you get a feeling for the people and why they have the system their way . 
   the us retarded judicial system i believe you went a little overbord with this one . 
   the large corporation comes with an army of lawyers and millions of dollars to burn , what do you have ? 
  a greedy army of lawyers getting a 30 % cut from the winnings plus all costs reimbursed . 
  so in the end the client might walk away with nothing ( lawyer costs ate up all the winnings ) . 
  the corporation still lost the case . 
  and in a country with case law that means a lot . 
  consumer protection laws prevent companies to do bad stuff . 
  but over here in germany those laws also prevent consumers from sueing a company . 
  often times it is n't possible at all .
