  how about ` all east germans are nazis ' ? 
  math test ? 
  how many engineers forget all about their math once they graduated ? 
  what kind of result were they expecting ? 
   how , literally how , am i supposed to take the anti-american left seriously ? 
  i am very , very critical of a lot of us policies and their wars and whatnot . 
  but anti-americanism is only different from other xenophobias , because it has a different target . 
  be it jews , muslims , gays , gypsies or ... americans . 
  why not ? 
  having negative stereotypes of groups of people is quite normal , imho . 
  i fall into this trap at least once a week . 
  these days i usually catch myself . 
  but i am pretty old and grown up . 
  i guess i became more sensitive to all this bullshitting after i hit 35 or so . 
  a friend of mine once remarked that anti-americanism was an outlet for the left to continue their anti-semitism , which fell out of style in the 60s in germany , when a younger generation found out what their parents did with the jews . 
  since many jews emigrated to the us , it was a natural target . 
  now i do n't know how true that is , so take it with a ton of salt . 
  still quite funny , imho . 
  did you compare the numbers ? 
  did you research some police statistics ? 
  how do they compare ? 
  did you read the comment ? 
  because rape is directly mentioned . 
  as well as under - and overreporting . 
  date rape is a prime candidate for underreporting . 
  rape in general suffers from gross underreporting . 
  the also study specifically mentioned counting `` suspects '' . 
  so two of my points made in the comment directly apply . 
   even if it did surely it does n't account for such a high disparity two apply . 
  when they compound , why not ? 
  you can do the research yourself . 
  compare those numbers in these two wikipedia sources : http://www.heuni.fi/material/attachments/heuni/reports/6kgsrdn0z/heuni_report_71_mens_experiences_of_violence.pdf http://fra.europa.eu/en/publications-and-resources/data-and-maps/violence-against-women-survey to the police statistics ( i do n't know where to find finnish police statistics ) , and you have the amount of underreported crime . 
  [ police statistics can be problematic . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b2tfm/how_the_rape_in_tapanila_started_an_outrage/csj5xyg ), 
   no-one is saying that it is the same as the holocaust yep, 
  not everything and everyone is hitler . 
  this is also inappropriate towards the millions of victims . 
   an authoritarian government democracies are a small minority in the world , unfortunately . 
  and even they have become a lot more authoritarian over the last two decades . 
   mass killings define `` mass '' . 
  how many people were killed in mass killings by is ? 
   racial/religious discrimination to the point of genocide how many people do you need to kill in order to consider it genocide ? 
  how many people did is kill in total up to now ? 
   homophobia , suppression of opposition rly ? 
   government decrees how to live life that does n't really apply to fascism , does it ? 
   state sanctioned murders the death penalty is alive and well in the us of a. 
  would you compare them to nazi germany ? 
  [ how about taking a history lessen ? 
  ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html ) btw . 
  i am not saying is is good . 
  i am just trying to get some perspective . 
  not ever murderer is hitler . 
  nothing in this century fortunately comes close to what happened in between 1940 and 1945 in europa and asia . 
  except maybe the wars in and around the drc . 
  far , far away from anything muslim . 
  though radical christians take part in those massacres . 
  so we should be tolerant of pegida , even though they go shoulder to shoulder with nazis and their security threatens journalists with violence , yet we should fear muslims , because some of them are terrorists . 
  if there was a frequent pro islamist demonstration . 
  similar to pegida . 
  but about support for isis . 
  that would be comparable . 
  but muslims only happen to share the same religion as the is . 
  there is far less connection between those . 
  but yet you defend pegida , but at the same time think that fear of muslims is reasonable . 
  that is rich . 
  very rich . 
   hey is and co are basically doing the same shit hitler did you have [ no idea ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html ) what you are talking about . 
  is and hitler are in no way comparable . 
  not in scale , not in ideology , nothing . 
  besides , the is is very close in their ideology to saudi arabia , which , in turn , is a very close ally of germany and the us . 
  we deliver a lot of arms to saudi arabia . 
  they are one of the few countries the fly the panavia tornado , for example . 
  those are our guys . 
  our friends . 
  if we feared them , why would we supply them with the best of our weapons technology ? 
  [ maybe not nazis , but you still do n't want to defend them . 
   who has reasonable fear fear , yes . 
  reasonable , no . 
  emotional and xenophobic fear , which is natural , but not rational . 
   while merkel goes all around the world instead of staying at home and solve the problem we have and face . 
  [ really ? 
   strawman you are coming with that ? 
  please read the fist comment i posted and then what you answered to that . 
  and then tell me about logical fallacies and bad debate style again !, 
   oh it 's only 1 % , c'mon guys do n't be racist let them em in you do n't seem to read your own comments . 
  my comment was a direct answer to this :  it 's not racist for people to question the fact that a lot of muslim immigrants might have impact on european society . 
  what kind of impact is 1 % of immigrants going to have ? 
  none . 
  that 's what . 
  that was what we were talking about . 
  then you ramble on about nazi age and dark age , as if the muslim immigration is going to bring about the apocalypse . 
  less than 1 % !!, 
   do n't even think about what it means just let them in mindlessly and do n't consider the possible consequences what consequences exactly ? 
   we could use some of those scholared syrians to help us further our economic goals there is currently no legal immigration to europe . 
  only political asylum . 
  the lack of a regular immigration system may be part of the problem , because regular immigrants could apply in their home countries , instead of tracking to europe and applying here . 
  immigration would then be about economic needs . 
  the political asylum system is not about economic needs . 
  the political asylum is a completely different concept . 
  read up on the history and reasons for political asylum , if you want to .
