  so what is left to increase body count ? 
  how do people die ? 
  why do n't you just admit that you are wrong , instead of trying to evade the issue and making weird blanket statements . 
   you 're annoying how so ? 
   standing up for the rights of lbgt people , women and apostates is n't racist . 
  where did i say that ?? 
  well , i believe xenophobia is about the person being xenophobic . 
  it does n't matter who the target is and what they are doing . 
  they do n't have to be involved . 
  someone hating black people hates black people . 
  there is no indvidual black person that he hates . 
  so any black he comes across will get the hate . 
  it 's not about them . 
  it is about some feature of them . 
  which means this feature is arbitrary . 
  it could be anything . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  the hate matters . 
  and why the hater becomes a hater . 
  i think if you limit the features the xenophobic person might start hating , you make an arbitrary selection . 
  science found out that race does n't even exist . 
  blacks are the same race as white or asian people . 
  but that does n't make racism non existent , does it ? 
  even though race does n't exist . 
  because racism is not about race . 
  racism is about the racist . 
  it 's all about them . 
  they came up with it . 
  they do it and feel it . 
  not the intended target . 
  the black person might become a victim of racism at some point . 
  but they will become a victim of a specific action resulting from the racism of the racist . 
  they will become the victim of lynching or ( today ) wo n't get the job or the rent . 
  they might not even know if the racist targeted them because of their color of skin or their religious believes . 
  some xenophobias spread to many people and get their own culture . 
  that is how we get to the names and talk about them . 
  there might be people that hate buddhists , but they do n't play a big role in europe . 
  it 's not a big problem , so we do n't really deal with it . 
  islamophobia is a huge thing currently in europe . 
  and by denying it 's very existence , people like you compound that problem . 
  no matter if you feel that islamopobia is justified ( we had many people in europe that felt justified to help the poor black people because they `` knew '' the blacks were disadvantaged by their color of skin only 100 years ago , they did n't even mean bad , they only wanted to help those `` half-apes '' ) or not , why do you keep denying it exists ? 
  there are countless cases of de facto or codified limits to freedom of speech in europe . 
  including , but not limited to slander ( recently much tightened in germany ) , all cases involving copyright laws ( even weird ones ) , state secrets , religious censorship , holocaust denial prevention laws , anti pornography laws ( recently extended in germany to all images a person might deem demeaning ) . 
  and those examples are just the codified ones . 
  i currently ca n't think of so many examples of de facto censorship , but if you are very outspoken about certain sexual topics that are taboo , your reputation will be destroyed and you will have a hard time even finding a job . 
  this can extend to politics . 
  a german minister was fired for comparing george w bush to adolf hitler in the runup of the last war in iraq 2003 . 
  it was n't even such a damning comment . 
  it still ended her career . 
  yes , death is worth than being shunned by the public and losing your job or being thrown in jail . 
  yet regardless of consequences , limits to freedom of speech regarding all topics is common . 
  yes , some people may be excempt for the most part ( south park for example ) , but those untouchables are rare . 
  if south park had less viewers , they would have been taken off the air a long time ago . 
  and something like south park is unthinkable in europe . 
  let 's move to the `` risk '' you are referring to . 
  strangely we have scores of people in germany that are ride the current islamophobia wave . 
  none of them have been threatened . 
  contrary to you hogwash , many , many people `` stick their heads out '' . 
  and earn good money doing so . 
  because islamophobia is big business . 
  especially for right wing parties all over europe . 
  what is your definition of a theocrat , and why would i be one ? 
   calling me a racist i did n't . 
  i just pointed out that you deny the existence of a specific form of racism . 
  a cousin , if you so will . 
  while accepting a couple others . 
  sure , that can be called racist itself . 
  but i did n't . 
  you did . 
  wait , judaism is n't a religion , while islam is ? 
  and therefore islamophobia ca n't exist and antisemitism ist toally a thing ? 
  your reasoning is quite * interesting * , i must say . 
  and because of that i am a theocrat wannabe ? 
  you lost me somehow . 
  do you have a source or reason or anything ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  when ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't know if religion is really that bad compared to alternatives . 
  look at the genocides last century . 
  the armenians were killed by anti religious young turks . 
  hitler was post religious . 
  communism was anti religious . 
  wwii took about 50 million lives . 
  wwi was about nationalist ideology . 
  how many million people killed ? 
  mao and stalin combined ? 
  how many millions ? 
  [ if you look at mass unpleasentries ( collected by matthew white ) , very few have anything to do with religion . ] ( http://necrometrics.com/ ) . 
  if any of them . 
  take a look at everything above 300.000 . 
  was any of them even remotely caused by religion ? 
  much less abrahamic religion . 
  but whatever the facts . 
  haters be haters . 
  you know , there are racist trolls that insist that islam is some kind of all-encompassing ideology , rather than a religion . 
  than there are other islmophobic trolls that insist that it is just a religion and nothing else . 
  i bet you belong to both groups . 
  it is either just a religion or just a culture or just a political ideology or everything , depending on how you feel that the moment . 
  amiright ?
