  think of what a `` first strike '' would entail . 
  who would do that and why ? 
   nato is creating drones - they are developing weapons against inf to undermine nuclear parity any drone developement is currently clearly directed at slow loitering over battlefields . 
   nato intervenes in iraq and libya neither of them were russia 's allies . 
  while i agree both actions were n't thought out or have gone well , they were n't directed at russia . 
   us spending on weapons 10 times more than we do and have a dozen aircraft carriers - who do they want to invade ? 
  why do they need such a force ? 
  not a nuclear armed russia . 
  that 's for sure . 
   and so on . 
  propaganda for militarization against possible nato aggression is very easy in russia because 95 % of said is true , factual information with far-fetched conclusions . 
  this depends on how you view history . 
  it is said that even stalin is getting a revival these days . 
   how can western countries help to cool down the situation ? 
  purpose a true common security system for whole europe . 
  there was the nato partnership thing . 
  my difficulty is defending natos actions . 
  most of which are downright sinister . 
  or our far from perfect democracies . 
  not even mentioning the miriad human rights abuses . 
  abu ghraib symbolizes them in a bad way . 
  western allies are not to be mentioned . 
  saudi arabia is worse than the taliban at times . 
  those are all difficult issues . 
  russia went from democracy and free society in the 90s to putin very fast . 
  i have a strong feeling we are going the same way , albeit a lot slower . 
  just look at hungary . 
  viktor orban is supposed to be a fan of putin . 
  but my points above stand . 
  with everything bad nato and the eu stand for , aggression towards russia is not on my list . 
  this is something putin came up with , to justify his aggression . 
  and i hate to see how many people are drawn into this . 
  i always flinch , when i see a russian flag on / r/europe these days . 
  not because of the russian , but because of the idiots who ca n't differentiate between politics and people . 
   putin was # 1 us ally after 9/11 everyone was . 
  9/11 was a game changer . 
  new york is home to the un . 
  many saw this as an attack on modern civilisation itself . 
  until the war in iraq und the `` global war on terror '' , that is completely overblown these days . 
  watching the human rights abuses by the us and the disproportionate way in which they are dealing with supposed threats and the hyperbolic media response we tend to forget that back in 2001 , everyone ( including putin ) was clearly shocked . 
   nato expansion in 2004 i often see this . 
  i am not sure where this argument actually leads . 
  did nato expansion lead to the crimea crisis , or was the admission of the baltic countries a preemtive step to prevent a crimea or eastern ukraine situation there ? 
  in other word , would putin have invaded the baltics if they had n't joined nato ? 
  also the joining itself could either be seen as nato expanding or as countries begging to be let in . 
   colour revolutions really ? 
  those are nato aggressions against russia ? 
  i am fairly certain that any neutral observer would strongly disagree . 
  though they might be threatening to putin and his regime , since they could lead by example . 
  a prosperous eu member that speaks russian might be a problem for a dictator in moscow . 
   regime changes which one ? 
  i keep losing track . 
  but seriously , which one do you mean ? 
  since the iraq quagmire the us has scaled back , imho . 
   assassinations of leaders/dictators which ones ? 
   that would press anyone 's buttons . 
  this depends . 
  where those your allies ? 
  again , please specify who we are talking about . 
   also us withdrawal from abmt was a real big thing ca n't be underestimated , though because of the current technical nature of the problem ( no abm system in the forseeable future would be able to withstand a russian attack with mirvs and decoys , the sheer number of rockets you need could be easily surpassed by russian icbms ) , china is the rather obvious target of this arms race . 
  not russia . 
  though , again , i must say i very much disapprove of this step . 
   it was downplayed by western media , but this was very serious . 
  precisely because it was n't about russia , but more about china . 
  if not about countries like iran or north korea , which is the stated goal . 
   then there is also drone program which clearly violates inf treaty . 
  you think so ? 
  i have n't seen nuclear drones yet . 
   putin 's foreign aggressive policy that 's it . 
  putin is aggressive towards eu/nato . 
   justified in eyes of russian public precisely because of nato/us actions that violate our treaties , step on the nuclear parity and undermine our interests that is my question . 
  where did nato violated a treaty and undermined russias interests ? 
  imho , this is putin 's game . 
  as he needs outside problems to deflect from inside issues , he clearly needs excuses . 
  `` nato aggression towards russia '' is similar in that regard to `` wmds in iraq before 2003 '' , if you know what i mean . 
  i am very critical of nato . 
  the invasion of afghanistan turned out to be a complete disaster . 
  maybe they should have asked the russians first ? 
  do n't even get me started on kosovo . 
  nato broke a lot of international laws in 1999 . 
  very sad . 
  then there is the us response to 2001 ( torture , illegal executions by flying drones , ... ) that are all outrageous . 
  but on putin ? 
  what is the correct response to putin ? 
  is there one ? 
  to you , there is no difference between a strategic bomber ready and able to annihalate millions of people and a `` reconnaissance aircraft '' ? 
  well , flag checks out , i guess . 
  you should really stop drinking your own propaganda , it looks like you start believing in it yourself . 
  sidenote : during the cold war , both sides flew nuclear bomber patrols . 
  one side started to do that again . 
  and the numbers are rising . 
  that is a one sided act of aggression . 
  and there is a clear reason . 
  putin is a dictator that needs outside problems to deflect from inside issues . 
  same old game . 
  only problem : putin plays this game with so many nukes , that , should it go wrong , he is going to kill all people on earth . 
  ** edit : ** not only dictators use it . 
  a big part of the reason for the 2003 war in iraq was the reelection of bush , i suppose . 
  that is something the western press rarely if ever reports . 
  i did n't know nato is flying nuclear bomber patrols along the russian airspace .
