  so it 's ok for a hindu mob to kill muslim families , because of some invasion a couple hundred years back ? 
  what about hitler ? 
  may jews now forever kill germans , because of fascism ? 
  your ( and your friend 's ) crazy fixation on islam completely disregards facts and individual responsibility . 
  as i said before . 
  you try to make each and every muslim responsible for each and every crime anyone ever committed that you might count as muslim . 
  again : you are like hitler if you consider guilt like that . 
  islam is nothing special . 
  and even though some might use it as an excuse to commit horrible stuff , it 's pretty low key , compared to what other people did in the 1940s . 
  not only hitler , but stalin and the japanese as well . 
  the stuff you consider `` muslim crimes '' pale in comparison . 
  and even now , looking at the civil war in the drc and surrounding countries , everything that is happening in the muslim world , including syria , is totally relaxed . 
  you and your `` religionofpeace '' sect are very similar to those `` white race extinction '' and `` race war '' people in the modern kkk . 
  but because you chose islam , you can deny you are racist . 
  and so many idiots fall into this trap . 
  it is still laughable . 
  you keep making up this weird conspiracy theory as if muslims were some bloodthirsty religion totally different from all the others . 
  this is simply not true . 
  it is very similar to the other religions . 
  and the biggest similarity ...  if you were n't so intellectually slothful , you might engage in some theological study and discover that the ethos of jesus , as portrayed in the gospel , and the ethos of muhammad , as promulgated in the quran & hadith , could n't be more contrasting . 
  ... is that most of it 's followers have no idea about theology . 
  best example is the us . 
  many if not a majority of americans consider themselves christians . 
  but jesus christ himself said that rich people do n't get into heaven and that you should never make war , even if attacked . 
  the us is very rich . 
  everyone strives to be rich . 
  they are very materialistic . 
  and they are , by far , the biggest military machine humankind has ever seen . 
  they take pride in carrying weapons . 
  so : the majority of christians usually do the opposite of what jesus christ taught . 
  what the theology of christianity is . 
  so what if you interpret something into islam ? 
  many muslims probabely ca n't even read . 
  they consider themselves muslim , because that is what you do where they live . 
  just like we , in the west , drive cars . 
  or consider ourselves europeans . 
  ask a european what it means for him to be european . 
  or ask a muslim what islam acutally means to them . 
  or what the deeper theology behind it is . 
  most of them will either give you no answer or something they learned verbatim , which has no meaning to them beyond the mere words memorized . 
  i would argue that to most muslims the faith is a lot like the color of their skin . 
  they wear the headscarf , because others do , too . 
  if all men in europe would start to wear skirts and talk about the morality of wearing skirts , i think it would really catch on . 
  no matter if you personally would see anything to it . 
   yes , i know all about the history of india . 
  so you know that hindus and muslims have been killing each other for a long time ? 
  why would that all be the fault of islam ? 
   but you 'll never grasp it . 
  your cultural programming has been too comprehensive . 
  you are a racist . 
  instead of the color of the skin you chose another abritrary thing and attach bad meaning to it . 
  but that 's no biggy . 
  a lot of people are racist . 
  as i have mentioned in this thread before , i think a majority of europeans is at least slightly racist . 
  so it 's very ordinary . 
   i see . 
  and without western money , these interpretations never existed , eh ? 
  honor killings , fgm , jihadi terror , have existed for 1400 years ... and yet , you lay the blame at the doorstep of the west . 
  how naive can you possibly be ? 
  yea , weirdos exist and have weird theories . 
  imagine how many people brevik could have killed , if he had the financial support of christian extremists from the us , who , in turn , would be protected by a military superpower . 
   what could india possibly have to do with pakistani sunnis slaughtering shias ??? 
  you 're desperate to blame anybody and everybody for the crimes of islam except muslims themselves !, 
  you keep taking stuff totally out of context . 
  there are customs ( fgm ) and local rivalries ( pakistan ) that exist alongside islam . 
  islam is a culture as much as a religion and mixes with local customs . 
  which is why i compared it to saying christianity is responsible for hitler . 
  hitler was christian . 
  so is a large part of europe now . 
  but that 's about it . 
  there are other reasons why hitler did what he did . 
  same with the conflict in pakistan , which has it 's roots in the history of the indian subcontinent . 
  so i told you to look at the history of india . 
  you know , india and pakistan were n't always divided . 
   you 're implying that there was no basis in islamic tradition for extremism ... that it was somehow an accident that was imported from the west . 
  whatever the sins of the west ( and there have been many ) , islam was always extreme ... and your attribution of western responsibility is a manifestation of self-hatred . 
  dude , whatever you think of islam also applies the christianity and the jews . 
  there is n't such a big difference . 
  you can take anything to the extreme . 
  or to the mellow . 
  like i wrote in an earlier comment about japanese buddhists . 
  when it came to wwii there was n't anything mellow about their buddhism . 
  and christianity and islam are n't that different . 
  what the west did is use extremists for their purpose . 
  and support some backwater kingdom for oil . 
  backwater kingdom then exportet their extreme nutcase version of islam ( could be christianity , it is completely replaceable ) . 
  and now we have what we have . 
  yea , because we give/gave money to those that insist on interpretations of islam that do honor killings , fgm , terror and the like . 
  you have n't read anything i wrote , have you ? 
  is this a copy & paste bot ? 
  we , as in the western world , shield the midieval saudi regime and similar in the region , such as baharain , from any modern kind of government or society . 
  be it introduced form the outside ( saddam in 1990 ) or the inside ( arab spring ) . 
  with military and intelligence support as well as money . 
  and a lot of that money we gave/give to them flows to radical groups . 
  over the years they have set up madrasses and a lot of church based charity work . 
  all over the globe . 
  spreading their extremist ideas . 
   i suppose when sunnis attack shias in pakistan , it 's our fault too ? 
  pakistan is different , though . 
  you should check into indian history if you want to know more .
