  if you limit yourself to northern europe , almost all muslims are recent immigrants that face a number of challenges that all immigrants face . 
  this is a very special and select group of citizen that in in completely different circumstances compared to the native population . 
  many of these immigrants have major problems adapting into the mainstream culture of their new home countries . 
  this has a lot to do with identity crisis . 
  they do n't want to forget about their roots , so they double down on them and often come across as more conservative than people in their home countries . 
  this certainly sucks . 
  also in germany we have problems with unemployed young muslims that are second or even third generation immigrants from turkey . 
  there is a high unemployment rate among them . 
  but a lot of people do n't like to talk about these issues , because as soon as you touch them , right wing populists jump on these discussions and it becomes impossible to talk about them , because you suddenly find yourself defending islam , even though you wanted to talk about unemployment and culture shock . 
  i know it sounds bad , but there are programs to help these people and other than that , because of the mentioned political problems when talking about immigrants , a lot of people are tired of discussing the problem with right wing people . 
  you never get to a solution this way anyways . 
  so please excuse me if i do n't have the strength to start one now . 
   why is it that people can become radicalised and carry out terrible acts for their religion while living wholly within a modern , western european country , and feel that their actions are justified by their holy texts and that the wider population of muslims are in support of them ( even though this belief is delusional , as i stated ) ? 
  i think you should look into religious cults to answer that . 
  there is even a number of former christians of european ancestry that were radicalized and turned up in afghanistan . 
  it takes special circumstances and special people to believe in a cult . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cult there have been christian cults and now there certain extremist and radical mullahs that preach jihad and can be considered forming muslim cults . 
  if you want an explanation , you will most likely find it there . 
   or conversely , what is the difference that makes it so unlikely for this to happen within another religious setting in the same country ? 
  ( and we do n't even have to confine this to christians ) actually this is not true . 
  i guess islam can be considered one of the ingredients of current cult movements , but those ingredients are subject to change and do n't matter really . 
  a cult can make do with any religion . 
  there are other , more important things that define a cult . 
  such as a strong charismatic leader , a rigid set of rules ( i guess islam really fits nicely here ) , isolation from everything else , ... 
  i do n't know if they have all those in the wikipedia article . 
  i was taught about cults , because they were considered dangerous while i was a teenager and so we were taught in religous studies in school on how they work . 
  but as this attack : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sarin_gas_attack_on_the_tokyo_subway shows , you do n't need a certain religion for a cult . 
  they are interchangeable . 
   the major difference is the religion , it is the elephant in the room , as i said , the specific religion is just a fad of the day . 
  in the 60s and 70s eastern religions ( buddhism , hinduism ) were fashionable . 
  then came the christian cults in the 80s and 90s . 
  and now it 's islam 's turn , i suppose ? 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  surely there are differences between the cults . 
  muslims cult like mosques with radical teachers are different from cults that use the bible and cults from the 60s . 
  but you were looking for an explanation . 
  and the best one i can offer you is the cult . 
  with their specific culture touched upon in the article . 
  all of them vary in little details , but they are similar where it counts . 
  and that is not the book or religion they are currently using imho . 
   okay , that 's enough wall of text :d indeed !, 
   due to the mainstream of christianity basically not being bible literalists , it 's extremely easy for most people to ignore parts of the bible . 
  this is not true as such . 
  you can disregard much of the old testament , because it was revised by jesus . 
  there is nothing in the nt that can be ignored if you want to be a real christian . 
  with islam , even non-fundamentalists hold that everything in the koran is literally true . 
  there 's no imperfection , no doubt , nothing too open for interpretation ( beyond the literal variances ) , and most of all it is all 100 % true and 100 % directly the word of god . 
  yet a lot of moderate muslims drink alcohol and eat bacon . 
  and do other stuff such as sex before marriage . 
  they are just generally more conservative . 
  many of them . 
  and even if you take writings as the word of good , you can still interpret so much stuff into it . 
  just think of the right to `` bear arms '' , and how much interpretation went into that . 
  even though it 's written to be understood by fairly modern people just 200 years ago . 
   now some issues you get from this : when someone carries out an act in the name of islam due to some terrible shit ( by modern standards ) that it says in a millenia old book , they feel they have a billion people behind them . 
  you know what ? 
  that is pretty much exactly what that norwegian nutjob said . 
  he also believed a lot of people would support him once he started killing people . 
  and how many did he kill ? 
   `` actually , that part of the koran is wrong . . we should n't do that . . that is n't islamic , that is n't what a muslim should do '' . 
  even if they do n't agree with it , even if they do n't really believe it 's the right thing to do , it is extremely difficult to get any muslim to utter a single word like this ... nowhere even close . 
  now that is slander . 
  just because some nutjob claims they do shit in favour of islam , muslims do n't have to stand up everytime and say it 's not in their name . 
  yet they did and do that pretty often . 
  sorry , but this is fox news territory , claiming some group did n't say `` sorry '' loud enough , even though they did . 
  then it did n't count or what . 
  why would they even have to do something like that anyways ? 
  or do you feel obligated to go public and apologize every day for [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joseph_kony ) , just because he claims he is doing what he does for christianity , which is some way is the majority religion of western countries , so we are somehow connected ? 
  claiming muslims somehow support terrorists , because they do n't apologize for them is a catch22 . 
   now back to christianity ... except for a few such at jehova 's witnesses and other backwards idiots , most christians these days do n't take the bible literally . 
  except when it comes to gays . 
  jesus says we should love everyone , even our enemies , but st. paul said that god hates fags ( he meant the greeks , but that 's another point ) . 
  so what do the christians do ? 
  many of them , especially in the us , choose to take the bible literally . 
  though just the parts they like . 
  same with all religions . 
  they pick and choose . 
  i have n't heard christian us armed forces turning the other cheek or have you ? 
   the issue is that most of islam believes mohammed was the final prophet and that the koran is the ultimate final word that can never be changed . 
  there are sects of islam ( and baha'i ) who allow progressive prophecies and evolution of the koran , but neither shia or sunni allow this . 
  yea , i think we went over the already . 
  the more modern a society gets , the more they ignore most of the conservative stuff . 
  at least some people . 
  again , talk about abortion clinic bombing in the us . 
   so what does this situation with christianity mean in every day practise ? 
  it means that if someone commits an atrocious act in the name of christianity , they do n't even mistakenly feel any support from christians for it . 
  there is simply not a social construct in place that allows someone to become radicalised by the bible while surrounded by the typical western practising christians . 
  that depends . 
  just ask that norwegian guy . 
  anyways , the same applies for muslims . 
   if you do n't believe me , go ask some muslims and christians . 
  pick some at random . 
  islam has the misfortune that there is no mainstream speaking-out against the source and justification of a lot of the extremism based on their holy book . 
  just speaking out against the atrocious acts is n't good enough because the construct that allows support is still alive today . 
  this is getting old . 
  please stop the bs and [ read for yourself ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=muslims+speaking+out+against+terrorism ) . 
   the parts of the bible that would allow such radicalism are in mainstream christianity as dead as the old egyptian scrolls , they are just a piece of history . 
  folklore , even . 
  islamic culture has kept those parts alive . 
  i guess you never heard of amish people .
