  even if they were racist against germans , they have almost no power to hurt germans in any way . 
  they are not renting out houses or giving out jobs . 
  so they ca n't exclude germans from those markets . 
  they do n't have money . 
  example : imagine a black and a white guy in germany . 
  both have shops . 
  both are racist and wo n't sell anything to people outside their race . 
  the black shop owner will quickly lose his shop , because he does n't get any customers . 
  almost every potential customer is white . 
  so his racism hurts him . 
  the white shopowner will have mostly white customers . 
  so he will have a steady business . 
  his racism does n't hurt him . 
  but when he refuses business to a black people coming to his shop once in a while , they are hurt , because they need to find a different shop . 
  if more white shopowners do this , the black people have a real problem , because they will be severely limited in their choices of shops to buy from . 
  so while negative stereotypes and racism is a bad attitude , it only hurts someone , when people in power express it over disadvantaged people . 
   what i am saying is even if these radicals or not well behaved people are in the minority they are still too many . 
  one radical is one too many . 
  stereotyping means that you do not judge people on their own merit , but group them together and pass judgement on something bad you might have heard about a common feature . 
  for example if an american , an israeli and a german were all jewish and you would call them all stingy , even though they have nothing else in common . 
   i am saying that these people exist and that the muslim culture does not mix well with our laws and constitution and that this is the reason why people are scared . 
  that is a stereotype about muslims . 
  that they posses some sort of special culture that makes them incompatible with german law . 
   i also call the people terrorist who have threaten the women , who told the story about how she was treated by a refugee family while trying to find a house for them , terrorists . 
  however i will never call a person who has fears and is scared about the future in this whole situation right wing or nazi . 
  in your opinion calling someone a nazi is an act of terror ? 
  i know that [ the word `` terrorism '' is politically loaded and emotionally charged ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terrorism ) , but is n't that stretching it a little too far ? 
   personally i think every real war refugee is welcome here as long he follows our laws and constitution . 
  the moment he does not he should be deported no matter what and honestly i do not care if he would die in his home country . 
  our constitution and our laws and our culture strongly prohibit deporting people in most circumstances for a lot of reasons i am not going to explain here . 
  i think i explained enough . 
  but i have a question for you . 
  if you insist so strongly that immigrants should integrate and follow our laws , should n't you at least respect those same laws ? 
  if they should follow them , should n't you as well ? 
   stereotypes are formed because of reasons . 
     keep in mind that most people are just intelligent enough to try and rationalize their racism . 
   even if 95 % of the refugees coming to germany are fine these 5 % are that scares the people and this has nothing to do with racism . 
  73.54 % of statistics are made up on the spot . 
  other than that , if you stereotype refugees to be terrorists , that is a very good example of racism . 
  [ also islam has very little to do with terrorism . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) that is a stereotype transported by the media . 
  we currently have a lot of terrorism in gemany . 
  both from organized groups and from individual cells acting only on a common theme . 
  they are right wing anti immigration terrorists targeting immigrants and people supporting immigrants . 
  both are stereotypes . 
  that the refugees are terrorists and that they are not . 
  the fact remains that for isis terrorists there are far easier routes into europe than the refugee route , which makes it doubtful that terrorists are among the refugees . 
   but i feel bad for the people who are simply scared of the immigrants and go to protest , only to be treated like the lowest scum by media and politicians . 
   i can see how fights happen when you put many people into a small space . 
  but it really looks like many immigrants are as ungrateful , racist and bigoted as many expected . 
  so from watching a video you conclude `` how immigrants are '' : ungrateful , racist and bigoted . 
  and that is what `` people expect '' . 
  that is called a stereotype . 
  you have certain expectations of people . 
  asians are good at math . 
  blacks are lazy . 
  polish people steal . 
  gypsies are dirty . 
  immigrants are , in your own words : ungrateful , racist and bigoted . 
  these negative stereotypes are usually called racism . 
  even though it might not always be about race . 
  but the feature is replaceable . 
  be it nationality , race , religion or even economic status . 
  but some forms of racism can be more dangerous than others . 
  the reason being that a minority is in a weak position . 
  a black person in germany that has negative stereotypes about white people is almost never in a position to disadvantage white people . 
  even if all black people do it . 
  otoh , when people in power have stereotypes against people they have power over , this can get very lucky . 
  it does n't even have to be a majority/minority thing , though in europe it usually is . 
  immigrants being at a disadvantage in the housiing market , job market and pretty much everywhere else . 
  though the example of apartheid in south africa shows a minority in power that acted upon their racism . 
  coming back to europa , racism / xenophobia is very common . 
  all people have it to some degree . 
  but if you are intelligent enough you can ask yourself if whatever you are thinking is based on rational thought or on racist stereotyping . 
  keep in mind that most people are just intelligent enough to try and rationalize their racism . 
  because they have `` seen a video '' . 
  or `` seen that '' . 
  because that is how `` polish people are '' . 
  that is just `` how jews are '' that is just `` how muslims are '' . 
  when people have preconceived opinions , they tend to reject evidence to the contrary and will seek out and remember evidence that support their views . 
  this is called [ confirmation bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation_bias ) and is a type of [ cognitive bias ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cognitive_bias#types ) . 
  a huge chunk of people voted for hitler in germany . 
  and , i am sorry to say , i do n't believe germany is * that * much different from the rest of the world . 
  people are people . 
  there is a lot of racism going around . 
  in the media as well . 
  which is why there is also a lot of resisting that racism . 
  and this is getting more aggressive , because of the sheer amount of racism currently getting around . 
  which is what you are seeing , when people in the media talk . 
   this video is very shocking there are lots of shocking videos on liveleak . 
  if an alien was to see it and judge mankind by liveleak videos , what do you think their opinion would be of us ? 
   overwhelmingly islamic , like them  europe takes in people who are of a different religion and culture  a much higher per-capita income so you think people should stay within their culture/religion/economic status ? 
   unprecedented scale of the 3rd world migration now affecting europe how is the migration affecting europe ? 
   turkey , which has been shouldering its costs more than most , now wants to get paid by europe as well . 
  you could n't make it up . 
  last i heard germany and sweden would like to redistribute refugees all over europe to share the burden . 
  instead of getting paid . 
  what if turkey suggests bussing a big chunk of their refugees to europe instead of asking for financial aid ? 
  the top voted comment is about italy , but almost no one talks about the fact that berlusconi is the closest thing we have to trump . 
  seeing how his reign transformed italy gives us insight into what is in store for the us .
