  when a lot of people compete for something , small stuff matters . 
  and it adds up . 
  this is what we call institutionalized racism . 
  and it is common in europe and the us . 
  blacks , for example , get more prison time for the same crimes in the us . 
  in germany blacks always get checked for drugs by police . 
  which will also influence statistics , btw . 
  if the same percentage of whites and blacks carry drugs with them , but a higher percentage of blacks get searched by police , they will end up with a higher percentage in the police statstics . 
  adding to the existing racism ( * see : those blacks take more drugs , are more likely to be criminals * ) . 
  you are suggesting in this comment : * is the whole world going sjw or am i missing something ? 
  is everything racist today , except telling white people their culture is wrong ? 
  * you are suggesting that whites are in danger of being at a disadvantage . 
  nothing could be further from the truth . 
  one core reason for racism is fear . 
  fear of the foreigner . 
  fear that they might get a bigger piece of the pie . 
  you seem afraid that they might take something away from you . 
  about sjw : most of the posts that are ridiculed on / r/tumblrinaction actually have some merit , but are brought across in a horrible way . 
  while there is no oppression as such , there is a lot of sexism . 
  calling it `` rape '' is completely over the top . 
  but by drawing focus to these crazy posts , / r/tumblrinaction clearly shows disdain for the issues itself . 
  if i want to diminsh certain issues , i just show crazy people pushing for them . 
  which is basically what / r/tumblrinaction is about . 
  they have an agenda . 
  the autobahn ? 
  hitler build the autobahn . 
  can anything that hitler built be good ? 
  the guy is saying amercian culture does n't apply ( * this is n't america * ) , because it is belgium . 
  i simply pointed out the ** fact ** that american culture is basically international culture . 
  and i pointed to some evidence of that . 
  there is plenty more , i just showed the more obvious . 
  how the hell is that `` strawman '' ? 
   i mean come on do you really think everyone who finds this a bit stupid to be racist no . 
  this is clearly coming from a racist : * is the whole world going sjw or am i missing something ? 
  is everything racist today , except telling white people their culture is wrong ? 
  * he is trying to say that white europeans are on the defense against some mighty minority power taking everything away from him and having more power . 
  some international thing . 
  coming from abroad . 
  to his healthy little belgium . 
  best would be if he could banish all this foreign bad stuff . 
  except for facebook . 
  and google . 
  and reddit . 
  most of the posts that are ridiculed on / r/tumblrinaction actually have some merit , but are brought across in a horrible way . 
  while there is no oppression as such , there is a lot of sexism . 
  calling it `` rape '' is completely over the top . 
  but by drawing focus on these crazy posts / r/tumblrinaction clearly shows disdain for the issues itself . 
  if i want to diminsh certain issues , i just show crazy people pushing them . 
  which is basically what / r/tumblrinaction is about . 
  they have an agenda . 
  do you really want to debate the percentage ? 
  in american english ? 
  haters gon na hate , i guess ? 
  muslims are a pretty powerless , small minority in europe that gets a lot of hate . 
  called islamophobia . 
  what exactly is so difficult to understand about that ? 
   people of foreign origin who 'd love to see racism in everything i guess you made your point . 
  you hate foreigners . 
   this is n't america you are posting on reddit , watch us movies and tv , most likely have a facebook page and use google , listen to us music and eat us junk food . 
  your ` culture ' is 100 % americanized . 
  yet if it suits your racism , suddenly us culture does not play a role in your life ? 
   is the whole world going sjw anti sjw is an american version of modern conservatives and right wing activists . 
  you even know american memes . 
   is everything racist today , except telling white people their culture is wrong ? 
  nope . 
  it 's just you . 
  you are racist . 
   i 'm not sure the example would be well chosen , anyway . 
  leopold ii 's `` ideology '' was profit and profit alone . 
  i guess you did n't take the hint . 
  `` profit '' is another word for `` capitalism '' . 
  an ideology we all subscribe to . 
  take it too far and you get congo free state . 
  yet in china capitalism has helped elevate about a billion people from poverty . 
  we all follow capitalism to some degree . 
  but it can be viscous and kills people all over the world . 
  all the time . 
  not only in congo . 
  there are countries and people that take islam too far . 
  yet they do n't produce nearly as much suffering and killing as capitalism does . 
  alas , i forgot you do n't rate evil . 
  to you one death is the same as a million . 
  though we are all capitalists , are n't we ? 
  yet we are not really persecuting capitalists like we do with muslims . 
  [ luckily , i must say . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kulaks#numbers_executed )  you 're a racist because you apparently conflate race and religion . 
  conflating race and religion is racism ? 
  how ? 
  when ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  and i do n't personally conflate race and islam . 
  i am simply noting that racist people like to deflect from their racism by using excuses like `` religion '' . 
  how would that make me the racist ? 
  my whole point is that i do n't really care about islam . 
  i am not a conservative . 
  i do n't agree with many ( probabely most ) muslims . 
  but they are born into it . 
  believe in it . 
  it is a very old tradition/culture/religion . 
  it wo n't change overnight .
