  to many people , clothes are not only a form of expression . 
  in history we also attributed different styles of clothing to different time periods . 
  for a lot of people , the stuff they wear represents their heritage in a big way . 
  you are free to disagree , though . 
  this is what i meant , when i wrote ( coming in ) , that a survey is pretty dumb , when everyone interprets the words and concepts in a different way . 
  well , before we had jeans , there were pants made of different materials . 
  i do n't know which styles and materials we would be using , if we had not taken over american stuff . 
  in popular music i am actually a little wrong . 
  electronic music was pioneered in germany for a large part . 
  we have kraftwerk and german techno . 
  so it 's not all bad . 
  but there you have an example of mostly genuine german culture in popular music : techno . 
  for the most part we do n't have german culture . 
  we replaced it ( not fused it ! ), 
  with american culture . 
  jeans is not some kind of mix between german pants and us pants . 
  but jeans are just an example . 
  we replaced a lot of stuff . 
  and because we replaced it , there is no german alternative . 
  german culture in these fields is dead . 
  it does not exist anymore . 
  that is why i think most people afraid of a takeover by a foreign culture brought in by immigrants are idiots . 
  immigrants will never take over anything . 
  maybe they can bring in some fusion . 
  some mixture . 
  but their culture will never ever be as aggressive and successful as american cultural imperialism . 
  the thing is : if we would just consume a blend of american and german culture , it would be different . 
  but the we ( and most of the rest of the world ) , are not doing that . 
  a blend would be wagner influenced by hip hop . 
  but we do n't listen to that . 
  we listen to american hip hop . 
  sometimes written and produced in germany , but most of the time written and produced in the us . 
  same with movies . 
  yes , we have some borrowing . 
  like rock music , which was black at first ( jazz became blues became rock ) , which is now performed in germany and actually has some local influence . 
  but most of the stuff we consume culturally is unchanged original us stuff . 
  so while we live in germany , some people consume only american culture , while some people consume other , local culture . 
  like going to the theater . 
  or reading local newspapers . 
  in some form or another , we have always had people living very close to each other that have a vastly different culture . 
  and when i think about it ( for example class differences between richt and poor ) , we have always been better off , when we were able to bring them as close together as possible and make them communicate and know about each other . 
  isolation , no matter how or when , has always been a bad idea , imho . 
  at the most basic form i would say german culture on tv and in music and the movie theatre would be tv shows , music and movies produced in germany by german people . 
  written , of course , by germans . 
  cultural things can be very subtle . 
  it 's in the little things . 
  for starters : it would be a ** lot ** less violent . 
  which is something good . 
  but i do n't want to talk down us culture . 
  the reason why we consume it is basically , because it is really good stuff . 
  a tarantino movie is the best example , imho . 
  it is really good . 
  well written , awsome acting , directing and so on . 
  and it also depicts a great deal of violence , which is very american . 
  but there are a million other things that would be different between german and us culture . 
  i guess this is a misunderstanding . 
  i am talking about all the racism on / r/europe and expecially in the comments under the article . 
  we have lots of people over here that do n't make the distinction between islam and islamism . 
  i decry the decline in german culture and get accused of self hate ? 
   i do n't think you understand what the word `` multiculturalism '' means . 
  it means different cultures coexisting in one place and never integrating into one group . 
  but that is no political ideology . 
  it 's just a matter of fact that the first generation will always stay somewhat within their own culture if they do n't intermarry locally , while the second and third generations will live a blend . 
   you disingenous twit thank you , good sir . 
  now that i know what i am , i can better myself . 
  and i certainly found three swedish national socialist parties that had absolutely nothing to do with hitler . 
  because you are so smart i did not have to check wikipedia for that . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialism_%28disambiguation%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_people%27s_party_of_sweden http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_workers_party_%28sweden%29 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_national_socialist_farmers%27_and_workers%27_party you and all the other voters here on reddit ( you are currently at six upvotes ) are soooo smart . 
  you do n't need anyone explaining national socialism to you . 
  thank you again , good sir . 
   it simply was against islamism nope . 
  it is/was against muslims in general . 
  and do n't be so stupid as to no recognize that most of the stuff `` against politial islamism '' is really thinly veiled racism . 
  it 's about foreigners . 
  mostly . 
  wow , this subreddit really does stoop to new levels . 
  you talk of brining back nazis and are currently at six upvotes . 
  maybe it 's time to troll this a little ? 
  you certainly did * provoke * . 
  that 's trolling , aint it ? 
   your train of thought seem to be the standard : mentioning of nationalism -  dead jews and hitler . 
  very unfortunate . 
  [ irony ] but yea , national socialism totally has nothing to do with dead jews . 
  and other than the dead jews , the national socialists were totally cool , so they should n't be reduced to dead jews and hitler . 
   you should learn to discuss with more honesty . 
  this thread was talking about the linked article , i guess you mixed up the thread . 
  this one was about racism in / r/europe . 
  i pointed it out , because a lot of racist remarks get tons of upvotes in the comments below this article . 
  i linked to one , which was up for along time , but got deleted recently . 
  it was talking about muslims being barbaric and savages and , case in point , mixing islamists and muslims . 
  dude , it starts with the word `` multiculturalism '' itself . 
  which has completely different meaning to a lot of people . 
  unfortunately , over here in germany , we do n't have much german culture left anyways . 
  we watch american television and movies , read mostly american or britsh books ( harry potter anyone ? ), 
  and eat italian food ( pizza and pasta ) for lunch . 
  i think most germans never eat german food for lunch . 
  and these days we spend most of our time surfing american websites ( google , facebook , reddit ) . 
  so we have some kind of freak blend of american and german culture we live in . 
  and then we have some immigrants that dare to mix some of their culture with all the american culture everyone is having anyways and call it `` multiculturalism '' . 
  like wearing a headscarf ( which was normal in germany 60 years ago , but not normal in egypt 30 years ago ) .
