  and if it is , there are strict regulations on the size of the price ticket . 
  two legs would most likely limit damages to about $ 40.000 or less in germany , if no other organs are hurt . 
  even americans tend to forget that the us has less regulation , which is balanced out by their legal system . 
  resulting in less burocrats to enforce standards and regulations and more lawyers . 
  you can basically do what you want ( land of the free ) , but if you screw up , you get your behind sued . 
  whereas in europe you need to obey tons of regulations . 
  this particular case is simply a woman trying to use the system to her advantage . 
  but the differences are very clear here as well . 
  in europe they would have regulations concerning the safety mechanisms on train platforms . 
  in the us they do n't have the regulations , but get sued if someone gets hurt because of negligence . 
  actually i kinda like the us system . 
  the small guy sticking it to the large corporation . 
  in europe you do n't stand a chance trying to sue some big ol' corporation . 
  no money . 
  from wikipedia :  in politics and history , a colony is a territory under the immediate political control of a state , distinct from the home territory of the sovereign . 
   when the senate of colombia rejected the hay -- herr\u00e1n treaty , the united states decided to support the panamanian independence movement . 
  in november 1903 , panama proclaimed its independence and concluded the hay -- bunau-varilla treaty with the united states . 
  the treaty granted rights to the united states `` as if it were sovereign '' in a zone roughly 10 miles ( 16 km ) wide and 50 miles ( 80 km ) long . 
  in that zone , the u.s. would build a canal , then administer , fortify , and defend it `` in perpetuity . '', 
  in 1914 , the united states completed the existing 83 km ( 52 mi ) canal . 
  the early 1960s saw the beginning of sustained pressure in panama for the renegotiation of this treaty . 
   the us has former colonies that we have good relations with ? 
  philippines , panama , off the top of my head . 
  relations seem to be pretty good , are n't they ? 
   selling warplanes is more political than commercial . 
  you could leave it at that . 
  for some reason the uk and the us have much better relations with their former colonies than france has . 
  and the former colonies in africa that france does have good relations with ( and where they frequently send troops ) do n't have enough money to buy shiny airplanes . 
  buying weapons is so political , in fact , that saudi arabia wants to buy german military tech mainly for the good political relations . 
  they do n't have a use for it . 
  that 's just one example . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  i find it very strange that a head of state is throwing a hissy fit over this . 
  smoke in our eyes . 
  our media is also reporting on our chancellor merket being spied upon . 
  who cares ? 
  spy agencies have been doing this for millenia . 
  and if any head of state is surprised , they should really take a good look at themselves . 
  maybe this is a diversion ? 
  because spy agencies now trade data . 
  the nsa may not spy on american citizen ? 
  so they simply give the bulk data to the germans , because we may . 
  and the other way around . 
  our spy agency gives all our data to the nsa to spy on every single german citizen . 
  this has gone way out of control . 
  i really do n't know what to make of this brazillian move . 
  the brazillian president must have known that she is fair game . 
  or at least that it is highly likely she is being tapped . 
  and if the brazillian spy agencies are not protecting her and , at the same time , try to spy on foreign heads of state , they are not doing their job . 
  a lot of people do n't understand why xenophobia against minorities is a lot worse than `` xenophobia '' against the majority population . 
  i certainly did n't . 
  it has to do with their minority status . 
  it makes them vurnarable . 
  and they suffer everyday racism/xenophobia anyways . 
  everyone is a bit racist sometimes . 
  certainly the `` minorities '' in their own country as well . 
  and everywhere else also . 
  but xenophobia is much more threatening and potentially more dangerous against a minority . 
  think mobs . 
  how is a mob of a minority actually threatening ? 
  they are n't even that many . 
  if there is actually a conflict between the majority and the minority , who do you think will feel save and where ? 
  if fracking would work in the eu , it would completely annihilate russia 's significance . 
  and there are also big risks involved . 
  but also a lot of opportunity . 
  and tons of money . 
  so anything about fracking is highly political . 
  even studies on feasability and resources . 
  does any eu country have fracking potential at all ? 
  is it going to destroy the environment ? 
  how long will the gas last ? 
  do n't trust anything you read . 
  either in favour or against . 
  i feel it is very similar to atomic energy in many ways . 
  is this one of those / r/europe articles about islamisation of europe again ? 
  where the foreigners simply refuse to integrate themselves into the local culture and have their own rules and hate upon the natives and stuff ? 
  rape local girls . 
  shit on the pavement ... ? 
   finkielkraut explores what he sees as a hostile confrontation between indigenous french people and immigrants  they [ ethnic french ] are the minority in their own country  immigration used to go hand-in-hand with integration into french culture . 
  that was the rule of the game . 
  many of the new arrivals no longer want to play by that rule . 
   in reality we saw an eruption of hostility toward french society . 
  i could keep on reading an quoting . 
  almost everything this guy says is right wing anti immigration stuff . 
  all pretty lowball . 
  i totally enjoy an educated discussion about the benefits and problems of a multi cutural society with a conservative . 
  but this guy is everything but an educated conservative if we go by what he is stating here . 
  he is basically framing immigrants as a whole trying to destroy france . 
  such a load of bull . 
  why is this guy getting an interview on spon . 
  why are we talking about this ? 
  the eu sucks , no doubt about it , but , unfortunately , it is better than the alternative . 
  for the uk . 
  also it is better for the eu if the uk stays in . 
  but i am always in favour of letting the people decide . 
  changing the clock every 6 month has very high costs and little to no returns . 
  a french guy once told me that the french for some reason do n't have such a good relationship with their former colonies compared to the uk . 
  i imagine many commonwealth countries to be pretty good about uk passports . 
  could we get rid of daylight saving time , please ? 
  i feel that that is much more important .
