  `` nuke their ass and take their gas '' is american . 
  the falkland war was british . 
  a lot of people from `` bigger '' nations have a sick need for some tough guy stance . 
  your nation kicking some ass . 
  but we germans are not allowed to . 
  so we take a substitute . 
  anti-americanism and frustration with rethoric vs real politics ( `` free world '' , `` bring democracy '' , `` free trade '' ) play into it as well . 
  sure . 
  but i think it is mainly a secret admiration for an empire that we ( for historical reasons ) ca n't have and ca n't / may not want . 
  if it was n't , people would n't defend putin with sick reasons like `` crimea was russian '' . 
  whatever `` was '' . 
  if you start turning the historic dial back on territorial issues even a couple years , you are opening more cans of worms than you can imagine . 
  there is absolutely no excuse for the integration of crimea into russia . 
  except if you have too much admiration for the imperialistic attitude of putin . 
  this has to do with the german psyche . 
  we have a strong anti military left . 
  everything military the germans do is suspicous . 
  so there is no credible tough guy position . 
  like `` we gon na kick their ass '' . 
  which is why people need a substitute . 
  so putin is the tough guy . 
  he is doing everything right and is kicking some serious ass . 
  this is especially true for eastern germany . 
  where everything military was frowned upon in a way , but celebrated at the same time . 
  in a weird way . 
  and the `` big brother '' ussr was celebrated beyond anything . 
  they could n't do anything wrong . 
  the british and the french have their colonies and a strong national military with a national pride . 
  even though germany is a large and important country , there is nothing similar in germany . 
  so people need some sort of substitute . 
  and i guess putin fits that role for many people . 
  in a pretty sick way , i must say . 
  but then again , the british or french national pride shit is also sick , when it comes to military stuff . 
  like the falkland war thing . 
  i am talking about `` nuke their ass and take their gas '' style . 
  which most countries have in one way or another . 
  there is a lot of symbolism , when the top guy does it openly and brazen . 
  but our former chancellor got a [ really cosy job ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerhard_schr%c3%b6der#gazprom ) out of it . 
  you know , because germany is so much less corrupt compared to , for example , romania . 
  nuclear devices are terrible , terrible weapons . 
  not so much ( imho ) because of the nuclear fallout and the atomic rays . 
  the heat rays and the fires will kill most people that would also get a dangerously high amount of atomic radiation with most types of bombs . 
  yes there are `` dirty '' bombs that produce an extra amound of fallout , but this is just extra evil on top . 
  the bomb itself is evil enough . 
  simply because of their size . 
  they produce their own weather . 
  instant firestorm . 
  man has never before and never since anything as deadly and anything that kills as random . 
  you drop one and everyone in that area is dead . 
  those things are ** evil ** to the nth degree . 
  they really are if you think about it . 
  which is why the fight against nuclear prolifiration is an important project for humankind . 
  unfortunately men are idiots . 
  because of that , nuclear energy tends to be a bad idea . 
  it sounds so good . 
  i am actually a proponent on nuclear energy . 
  if man was n't such an idiot . 
  chernobyl and fukushima were both the result of catastrophic human error if you look at the final report . 
  in chernobyl they operated the reactor at a ( low ) level that they were not supposed and produced the gas that finally blew it up . 
  in fukushima they did n't turn the valve that were supposed to in that special occasion that the power was out and could n't be restored . 
  they probabely did n't even train this emergency procedure . 
  why would you not do that ??? 
  nuclear weapons have so many more security issues than nuclear power plants . 
  they have to be stored right . 
  and even so . 
  at lot of them were lost . 
  many more people handleing those weapons will make the world a lot unsafer . 
  pakistan and india is way too much . 
  israel is currently questioning their security guarentees by the us looking at ukraine . 
  it is a major headache . 
  nope !, 
  turkey is full nato member . 
  this is a different beast . 
  i edited it out . 
  i think you are wrong on brazil and therefore on argentina . 
  but i got ta hand you venezuela and clomba . 
  i see them more as long term prospects . 
  as soon as brazil slips up ( reveals too much , whistleblower , whatever ) , venezuela needs one . 
  and since venezuela is actively supporting comomlias rebels ... 
  yep , brazil is suspected to have a secret nuclear weapons program that is currently in the last stages . 
  since the suspicions are strong , they are expected to have triggered a south american nuclear arms race . 
  argentina is supposed to be in . 
  as well as venezuela and columbia . 
  btw . 
  switzerland 's generals were eyeing the bomb during the cold war as well . 
  they wanted to purchase the nuclear capable mirage iv for this purpose afair . 
  since the cooling of the relations between the eu and switzerland and the new threat by russia , i am pretty sure there are again swiss generals trying hard to get there . 
  if putin actually stays ( which would prove to be a real bummer for nuclear prolifiration , but hey , maybe russia is planning on selling it anyways ? 
  they are preparing the market ) in crimea , that would be an awsome idea to avoid further bloodshed . 
  looking at history : are the tartars prepared to trust russia on this ? 
  also : is this even real ? 
  `` the first casualty of war is truth . '', 
  i almost forgot about the arms race in the south china sea . 
  next the the japanese and the koreans the taiwanese , indonesians and the vietnamese will only have to take a quick look at the new numbers for the chinese military budget to realize they will never catch up conventionally . 
  and they they are looking at ukraine to see how that works out for them , even if they have guarentees . 
  so even if the chinese would stop acting as dumb as a european power in wwi and start some partnerships , how will they react now ? 
  ( i think we forgot to list egypt ), 
  do n't forget about pakistan and india . 
  brazil and argentina . 
  i feel that nuclear prolifiration is the current elephant in the room when it comes to global security .
