  in fact , i do n't see any english language sources , unfortunately . 
  [ a lot more were supposed to die . 
  you can read this article in many languages . 
  check for the links above the headline . 
  ] ( http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html ), 
  sometimes you have to state it a little more drastically . 
  this is intentional . 
  also the us did n't have a `` troika '' trying to destroy it 's economy and kill off it 's people . 
   was conspiracy theory to assume that the claim about saddam regime to posses wmd was fabricated ? 
  good example . 
  smart americans never backed the american government in their insane and iraq adventure . 
  unfortunately , i must admit , some of the us media obviously did not ask enough questions and did not scrutinize the governments story enough . 
  but most of them have come clean . 
  i still do n't have a good answer why bush went to iraq . 
  part of it was probabely the chances of companies getting a lot of contracts that part of the administration were connected to ( sounds awfully similar to putin and his oligarchs , does n't it ? ), 
  and part of it was for reelection . 
  luckily bush did not dodge the term limit as putin did . 
   smart russians know that all press is bullshit . 
  that is exactly the narrative i was writing about . 
  the narrative that the kremlin is spreading . 
  they knew they will get called out on ukraine so they went out to cast doubt not on one source , but on any and all sources . 
  smart move . 
  you bought it , and a lot of people as well . 
   this is some sort of straw-man , not what i really said . 
  but this is exactly what you are saying here :  we must assume that everyone has agenda and will lie to fulfil it . 
  the difference between highly reputable source ( like reuters or bbc ) and fake-generators ( like russian lifenews or ukrainian censor ) is only in how cautious they are . 
  there are no trustworthy sources . 
  this is exactly what that narrative says . 
  and this is wrong . 
  the mentioned sources such as reuters , bbc and nyt are transparent and do not follow a certain agenda . 
  they do have a bias . 
  everyone is subjective . 
  and they are even transparent about that . 
  do not confuse bias on account of personal conviction and subjectiveness while striving for factual reporting and fair commentary with an agenda and cunning . 
  big difference . 
   for example , if a reputable source is following an agenda and fabricating things , it 's editor will never let anything that can be proven false or seem falsified to be published . 
  as simple as that . 
  this is a conspiracy theory . 
  exactly what the kremlin is spreading . 
  conspiracy theories . 
   ukrainian forces did have buk on the ground they are * anticipating * a full russian invasion , so they take potshots at a single unidtentified target ? 
  this is exactly the kind of thing i have been talking about . 
  outlandish ( conspiracy - ) theories to bury the truth . 
   it 's just the western media went for the story with jet . 
  nope . 
  the kremlin even presented supposed `` radar evidence '' of a jet fighter . 
  now you are making shit up . 
  i would also like to dispute something you wrote earlier about people trusting their own news sources . 
  yes , there are many , many dumb people that would condemn russians for what putin is doing in ukraine . 
  and yes i do have a german flag next to my name . 
  but there are also smart people around . 
  i would never back all the stupid shit my own government is doing . 
  for example currently with greece . 
  many americans were and are furious for bush making war in iraq . 
  and smart russians know that the russian press ist mostly bullshit . 
  as i wrote before . 
  in soviet russia people still read pravda . 
  but many were smart enough to read between the lines . 
  it was the only possible solution . 
  these days it is difficult for russians to obtain independant and reliable news in russian language . 
  so if smart russians do n't speak english , they , again , will have to turn to reading between the lines . 
  even if you support putin , i am not going to blame you for the war he is conducting in ukraine . 
  and i certainly know that germany 's news sources are n't as good as many american ones . 
  and yes , you have to examine * every * source critically . 
  but there is a huge difference between an afraid and controlled news media such as in russia and mostly free and reliable sources such as the nyt and the bbc . 
  or reuters , for that matter . 
   the only way we can speak about those matters is if we assume that all media reports are initially biased and forged to follow some agenda . 
  you have to be careful with this . 
  this has been identified as a narrative by the current russian government . 
  `` all facts are up for interpretation . '', 
  `` you can trust no one . '', 
  `` no source can be reliable . '', 
  by making up a large number of explanations for events such as the downing of the airliner , people are made to believe a definite answer ca n't be found . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  while no proof can exist as such , the stories about a fighter airplane have clearly been made up to support the narrative mentioned above . 
  while we are n't 100 % certain we can currently conclude with almost that certainty that a buk system was used to shoot down the airliner . 
  since the rebels do not have an airforce , there is simply no reason to use anti airforce for ukrainian government forces . 
  this is n't mythical . 
  these are facts . 
  those are surely huge scandals . 
  which one do you mean specifically for the [ bbc ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bbc_controversies ) or the [ nyt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_new_york_times#coverage_issues ) ? 
  as you can see , both have been transparent about and critical of their own perceived inaccuracies . 
  i am also very interested in reuters . 
  also i would like to know what you would consider as `` proof '' . 
  please give some details . 
  the word itself has varying definitions . 
  well , you are correct . 
  if you do n't have a choice , you have to improvise . 
  is n't that what russians are famous for ? 
  if your only choice is pravda and similar news sources , you certainly ca n't trust those . 
  you have to read between the lines . 
  otoh media in countries such as the us and germany mostly rely on trust as their currency . 
  if you ca n't trust them anymore , no one will read them . 
  at least this is how it used to be . 
  fox news proved to have an even better business model by catering to their audience by falsifying information in a way they want to consume them . 
  but these kinds of business models are still not widespread and do n't apply to big newspapers , for example . 
  the nyt or the guardian are examples for sources you can trust . 
  or you have to trust . 
  which is why even seemingly insignificant cases make big headline news . 
  a couple years ago a reporter for the nyt wrote articles using telephone interviews and photos of other photographers , but suggesting in those articles that he was there himself .
