  this would n't raise an eyebrow in germany , because reporters ca n't be everywhere , but for the nyt , the standards are very rigorous . 
  the reporter was fired and a scandal ensued . 
  note that this is not about propaganda or falsifying facts of the story . 
  this is only about someone making it seem they drove out to a place . 
  most newspapers use agencies as a source for many stories anyways . 
  reuters is an even clearer case . 
  as a news agency , they customers are n't consumers , but news organizations themselves . 
  if they falsify something , the customers would repeat that information . 
  if it turns out to be incorrect the news organizations would stop being customers very fast and the news agency would be out of business . 
  which is basically what i mean by trust as a currency . 
  which is pretty much anything that can be said about proof . 
  which is why it is so stupid to demand and , of course , so stupid to present it . 
  when a news source tries to pass something as `` proof '' , i always assume they are fishy . 
  a news source has to stand on it 's own . 
  you have to trust it . 
  the way reuters is reporting this story , for example , and because reuters is usually a trustworthy source ( trust is all they have , they have a big interest in not falsifying information ) makes be believe what they report is factual . 
  they do n't claim to have seen people in russia . 
  but what they have seen is : removed insignia , cloth similar to that of pro russian rebel forces inside ukraine , removed markings on hardware , troop buildup . 
  you are right , i did n't read that far . 
  though special purpose vehicles are built in vienna . 
  which means that those fire engines were probabely made in austria . 
  in the last picture you can see the front of the vehicles . 
  [ made in germany ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/man_truck_%26_bus ) . 
  what are we supposed to be angry about ? 
  islamophobia in russia ? 
  muslims marrying underage girls ? 
  russian officials making sexist remarks ? 
  i am a little lost here . 
  please help me , my pitchfork-erection is shrinking already . 
  agriculture . 
  [ cap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_agricultural_policy ) has traditionally been the eu 's biggest budget item by a wide margin . 
  poland is big and has lots of agriculture . 
  that is a pretty harsh comparison . 
  and the f-35 does fly , you know . 
  not always , and it tends to crash . 
  sdi never sent something up , afaik . 
   in fact , with the money they 've poured into it , it 'd better be one of the best . 
  which could , automatically make it the best independant of any type of `` evaluation '' you could think of . 
  people would lose too much if the plane does n't live up to expectations . 
  so it just does . 
  no matter what . 
   osprey  keep parroting the same tired phrases and sound bites and i 'm sure it will become true one day . 
  the osprey stands out in your list , because it is the only `` modern '' program . 
  as in a post cold war program . 
  and it still has lots of issues . 
   or $ 769 million per aircraft based on a 30 year life-cycle cost . 
  i see this often in us articles about government spending and i dislike it a lot . 
  they think it provides better transparency , but i think it does the opposite . 
  first of all the numbers are wild guesses based on guessed interest and exchange rates . 
  among other guesses . 
  30 years is way too long for such a forecast . 
  second of all new programs are replacing other programs that also have a budget impact because of ongoing maintenence , training , etc. 
  and then you ca n't compare these numbers with anything , because they choose seemingly arbitrary units of time . 
  2 year , 3 years , 15 years , 30 years ? 
  how do they compare ? 
  every time i see these i think they are simply a tool to editorialize . 
  they either want to make numbers look big by comparison or small by the lenght of time it will be spend on . 
  [ not really . 
  the bombing did nothing . 
  it was a waste of life both of the bombing crews and the civillians below . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/35dcrc/pforzheim_the_golden_city_98_destroyed_in_1945/cr3l4px ) troops on the ground won the war . 
  the bombing campaign was a waste of resources . 
  bombing shit will solve this . 
  just like it solved iraq , syria , libya , yemen , afghanistan , etc. 
  in the first place . 
  awsome solution . 
   clan spirit people from the us usually confuse this word . 
  you do n't see racism , because you are white . 
  if you really want to find out more , there is an easy way to explore the issue yourself : traditional religious muslim clothing . 
  racial profiling is very common in germany . 
  except for berlin . 
  and since most young people only visit berlin , we have an excellent reputation . 
   i 'll be the first to admit we could be a lot better in our attitude to immigrants imho the rest of europe is n't much different in that regard . 
  though different cultures lead to different kinds of visibility of that problem . 
  we germans repress the xenophobia because of our history . 
  but that does n't make it go away . 
  you guys have a direct democracy , which can lead to some unfortunate laws . 
  different strokes for different folks , but united in our hate for each other and other foreigners . 
  he is comparing illegals to vicious sharks literally eating europeans as opposed to ` only ' eating european food ( as in stealing welfare ) . 
  i ca n't tell you whether it is meant as a sarcastic comment on the hyperbole surrounding the issues ( and the recent lifeboat story ) or a a snide remark on illegal immigrants . 
   these laws are ridiculous , especially regarding how many muslims react to criticism . 
  so you want to get rid of the law in order to have even stronger reactions ? 
  i am not in favour of government censorship , but the whole purpose of our blasphemy laws in germany is to ` keep the peace ' , which is why those laws are aimed against a ` breach of the peace ' . 
  they are not directed at someone shitting on religious figures in private , but at doing so in public in a way that will enrage a lot of people . 
  over here in gemany we frequently get strong reactions and criminal charges for blasphemy by christians . 
  i have n't heard of a high profile muslim case yet . 
  though maybe this is because our press is tradionlally a lot tamer . 
  we have lots of self censorship . 
   do you think serbians did n't have pr firms representing them ? 
  acutally they were barred from doing so because of the embargo . 
  but show me a source that says otherwise . 
   for the 90s period of time . 
  ( where they were de facto aggressors on all and every ex-yu state ) noooooooope . 
  i could write an essay about the dissolution of yugoslavia but i do n't feel like doing it on reddit . 
  while the serbians had their share of aggressions and crimes ( srebrenica comes to mind ) , all sides were guilty of horrific war crimes , mass expulsion and aggression . 
  lots of territorial conflicts erupted in the 90s . 
  especially in bosnia . 
  i will not take blame aways from serbians . 
  but making them the * de facto aggressor * is wrong . 
  plain and simple .
