  or similar radical christian communities all over the world . 
  the longer this is going on the harder it is for me to believe you can write such a huge text without any knowledge or research on the matter . 
   and i would assert that everyone who is n't willing to speak out and even just ever so slightly ( as it takes baby steps for this stuff ) to soften the rhetoric around their regard for the infallibility of every letter in the koran is slightly responsible for the culture that surrounds it . 
  your attempt at collective guilt is dangerous , if you take into account that it is the west that is responsible for so much suffering . 
  it was nato that made sure that saudi arabia ( the most radical country , exporting their extreme views all over the world ) would be secure against secular iraq under saddam hussein . 
  it was us that unleashed the modern djihad in afghanistan . 
  we currently support radical muslim rebels in syria against a modern and secular dicatorship . 
  we support radical sunni muslim arabia against much more modern shia islam from iran . 
  saudi arabia is our ally . 
  they put a lot of money into the egypt elections to support the salafists . 
  a party much more extreme in their views than the muslim brotherhood . 
  other than that we directly kill a lot of people both in iraq and afghanistan and are responsible for a lot of killings . 
  are you actively trying to prevent this ? 
  collective guilt is a bitch . 
  and is one of the things that have no place in modern western society . 
  and our liberal philosophy and principles . 
  that is a bit of irony . 
  if we want to stay true to our modern liberal values , you will have to tolerate the more conservative people . 
  the argument that toleration of intolerance leads to intolerance may be true to some extent , but as soon as you stop being tolerant , you become intolerant . 
  just like the muslims . 
  you will probabely not believe me , but people like you have a lot in common with the protestors currently freaking out about that youtube video . 
  the islamophobic people mirror their imagined adversary . 
  who goes on killing sprees ? 
  just total nutjobs . 
  usually in the united states . 
  like that guy who killed people at the sikh temple . 
  or the guy who killed people at the movie theater . 
  those were christian , were n't they ? 
  as i said , people can make up tons of bullshit reasons to be stupid . 
  you can even use a major religion . 
  good for spain !, 
  :-) i still would n't want to be gay in some spanish village ... 
   yes but in those countries the catholic church has little power on the people nowadays . 
  and most priests understand the separation of state and church . 
  this depends . 
  i would be careful with such a statement . 
  the catholic church still carries a lot of weight in spain and italy , where they heavily influence laws on social issues such as civil unions , gays , women 's issues and such . 
  and they do n't have female priests . 
   they support civil unions , there are women priests , gay denominations and so on . 
  islam seems stuck . 
  i guess this is in line with norther european protestant churches . 
  the catholic church does not support any of this , but rather fiercly oppose it . 
  and so do many countries in southern europe where the catholic church is strong . 
   we have the best democracy in the muslim world , but its still not in the same league as for example the scandinavian countries . 
  why ? 
  islam is not the `` sole '' reason why stuff is bad and backwards in the mideast . 
  yea , they are totally wrong about so much stuff . 
  and i hate it . 
  but islam is just an excuse for being wrong . 
  just like any religion can be an excuse for being right . 
   we still have parents in the east who refuse to send their kids to school , forced marriages , honor killings . 
  those are ironically problems that only occur in the conservative provinces of the country . 
  if you look at the example of india , you will find that most hindu and muslim families living in backwater places are equally conservative . 
  it 's about the culture , environment and historical backgroud . 
  and islam is surely part of that background . 
  but not the sole `` reason '' . 
  just like christianity is not solely to blame for the crusades or the holocaust , even though christians were involved in both events . 
  or because christianity provided the backdrop for those . 
  we do n't need religion to be idiots . 
  since islam is the cultural background , immigrants tend to double down on it , because they try to hold on to `` their '' old culture , when coming to a new country . 
  it 's an identity thing . 
  and provides ample opportunity for conflict , when the children are picking up on the identity of their host country . 
  or should i say new home country ? 
   to be clear i think every religion is backward but islam is today still like islam was 1000 years ago . 
  thats a different league of backwardness . 
  i never knew people in turkey were that backwards . 
  i always thought they were more modern than places like saudi arabia for example . 
  you guys still amputate thieves ? 
  that 's sick man !, 
  [ clarification ] i doubt holy_maccaroni has any idea about islam anywhere and is just sprouting bs . 
  and i am calling him on his . 
  there are places which are horrible , like saudi arabia , but those are our allies . 
  iran , for example is much more modern , though still pretty conservative . 
  but not like 1000 years ago . 
  and especially turkey like this guy makes it out to be . 
  i thought this would be a great tool to track migration patterns ( illegal and legal ) . 
  but we have to be careful , though . 
  kazakhstan and the central african republic are each other 's no. 1 but if i google those two countries , there is nothing . 
  could still be some strange stuff that no one reported . 
  like communist era exchanges , from which some connections remain strongly between groups of those two countries . 
  but i know for a fact that a lot of people from kazakhstan emigrated to germany over the last two decades . 
  so i am confused . 
  maybe they did n't get access to all the data , but only a small portion of it and some inaccuracies throw the whole thing off with countries that do n't have many internet users . 
  is there a large deployment of un troops from brazil in the drc ? 
  also facebook is not accurate in places where it still is n't as big . 
  orkut is supposed to be no. 1 in brazil afaik . 
   uk or germany . 
  i ca n't give you the exact numbers but they are at least one order of magnitude bigger that would be interesting , because i would say facebook is an accurate tool to track real ( illegal and legal ) migration patterns . 
  young people use facebook and young people migrate . 
  as long as i do n't see hard evidence to the contrary i would say this page shows where people have migrated over the last year or so since facebook became so big . 
  just replace english with german , americans with germans , spanish with turkish and hispanic immigrants with turkish immigrants . 
  then change 90 percent to about 95 or more and we know still do n't know why a racist bastard just turned non racist and mellow when it comes to north america . 
  where is your white pride ? 
  the chances that spanish will be the dominant language in the us is far , far greater than anything replacing german in germany within the next hundred years . 
  spanish is already the common language in the us . 
  do i hear complaining about that ? 
  and the us now has more latinos proportion wise than germany will have in a hundred years . 
  also no complains . 
  and you still seem to comprehend english pretty good . 
  so where is the problem ?
