  one came out just a couple years ago . 
  his name is henryk m. broder . 
  i do n't know about other countries , but in germany we actually do have a little problem with censorship ( both voluntary and by law ) and political correctness , which do make it difficult to discuss the very real issues of migration . 
  but unfortunately these issues are difficult to discuss and a lot of people that do cross the line and talk about it anyways call themselves heroes for disobeying the pc-code and then march right through the problem area into very fascist statements . 
  broder himself is usually very smart in dancing around direct references , but i have a strong feeling he left democratic thinking for good long ago . 
  here is a little food for thought : [ israeli ultra-orthodox jews clash with police ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/nrv4s/israeli_ultraorthodox_jews_clash_with_police/ ) [ petition to protest ultra-orthodox discrimination ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/nqg8s/7_year_old_israeli_girl_is_afraid_to_walk_the_300/ ) religious extremism does n't seem to be a solely muslim problem any more . 
  i did some some research into oss and deployment and found that it makes sense for public institutions ( moneywise and other ) to use as much oss as possible . 
  libreoffice would be a good start , i suppose . 
    there are people saying the age of enlightment is over . 
  goodbye democracy , goodbye public welfare , goodbye magna carta ...  i do believe you 're exaggerating . 
  and that is coming from the guy saying the tobin tax might crash uks economy ... 
  i just said `` people are saying '' for a reason . 
  because i am not a doomsayer like that . 
  but michael hudson is saying that . 
  michael hudson is one of the few people predicting the 2008 crises and one of the even fewer people pinpointing pretty much the exact timeline , the circumstances and what has followed . 
  and he has some dire stuff to say about what comes now ( he is some economics professor from the us , who has been touring the media circuit following his sudden fame in connection with his predictions ) : http://michael-hudson.com/2011/12/europe%e2%80%99s-transition-from-social-democracy-to-oligarchy/  look , i want to be tougher on banks , okay ? 
  i want that as well !, 
   but i do n't want an ill-thought solution that would lead to us becoming financially damaged . 
  i do n't want my country to become collateral damage . 
  can we agree that that is a fair desire ? 
  what kind of regulation is enough ? 
  we have done exactly nothing since 2008 other than giving a lot of money to the people that almost crashed our economies and asked them nicely not to do it again . 
  and what did they do ? 
  they are coming back asking for more threatening to crash our economies even harder . 
  i am not saying we should disown them all ( even though they deserved it ) , because that would n't fly anyways . 
  all i am saying is that maybe , just maybe , we should think at least of * some * regulation . 
  just a little more than the none regulation that we currently have . 
  and it very likely wo n't be the tobin tax anyways . 
  though we both do n't have any idea if the tobin tax will have a good or bad effect . 
  it also depends on the amount . 
  the theory is that markets work best , when they are the most fluid and have the lowest transaction costs . 
  the tobin tax would eliminate that by implementing a transaction tax and therefore not having almost none transaction cost for trading anymore . 
  but the actual cost in dollar is just one little part of transaction cost . 
  that is the cold , hard , truth . 
  there is information cost as well . 
  a lot of it . 
  and most of it was/is still hidden . 
  that is what hit us most . 
  because banks were trading happily and with almost zero cost and were buying garbage , because they did n't think about what they were buying/trading . 
  so there was a much higher cost already . 
  but it was hidden . 
  and now the public has to pay that cost . 
  we have to buy that garbage at 1000 % or more of current market price or the banks fail . 
  will the tobin tax help with that ? 
  will garbage trading become less of a problem ? 
  will banks realize the cost of not having enough information ? 
  i do n't know . 
  personally i believe we should have not given them a dime in 2008 and just gone for the ride . 
  we should have taken that 2000 trillion euros that we spent on the bailout and just invested them directly into the economy . 
  and i believe we would have been much , much better off . 
  pretty much all major banking institution would have come crashing down . 
  proving my point that they do n't add anything to the real economy , but are rather a cost ( they are not the romans ! ) . 
  because they are all riding on thin air . 
  nothing more . 
  they are given money by the central banks to distribute to the people . 
  but instead they take that money and play with it . 
  and they loose , all of them , because they simply inflate values and then calculate huge incomes off of inflated values . 
  other than that , there is not much , really . 
  but that is what i personally believe . 
  might be that they have some form of contributing . 
  but i do n't think so . 
  at least it has n't been shown to me . 
  all of that is pretty much irrelevant , if we can believe this guy ( he is a swiss investment banker ) : http://www.thelocal.ch/1592/20111027/ edit : this is a very interesting wikipedia article about the 2011 ubs rogue trading scanal : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_ubs_rogue_trader_scandal part of it says :  according to the financial times , and other sources , adoboli is suspected to have used the fact that some etf transactions in europe are not issued confirmations until after settlement has taken place . 
  [ 2 ] the exploitation of this process allows a party in a transaction to receive payment for a trade before the transaction has been confirmed . 
  [ 22 ] while the cash proceeds in this scheme can not be simply retrieved , the seller may still show the cash on their books and possibly use it in further transactions . 
  [ 22 ] the process of orchestrating fails to deliver trades may then be used in a carousel of transactions . 
  [ 22 ] [ 23 ] unlike in the united states , no data about the volume of fails-to-delivers is available for europe . 
  [ 22 ] [ 24 ] cnn and world finance also stated that some banks have deliberately allowed certain levels of fails-to-deliver , as a method of `` dealing with financial stress '' so that between accounting cycles the value of securities sold , but not delivered , as well as the value of the cash booked , but not received can be reflected on the books . 
  that would mean that a bank can actually show money on their books for trades that they already lost on . 
  so much for the lack of banking regulation . 
  to be honest , this is just one more example where banks with huge trading volumes can artificially inflate their book value . 
  and when their casino playing has them diving deeper in red ink than a smaller european country has gdp they could possibly still show balanced books thanks to ( totally legal ) accounting tricks such as the one mentioned above . 
  and then everyone hopes that part of their trades will pay off a little more than currently expected so the ship wo n't sink for another quarter but rather throw off another round of huge bonuses . 
  but if a lot of ships threaten to sink , the governments will thankfully come in and save the day . 
  so the big guys like to join hands so that either none of them falls or all of them . 
  prompting either a major bailout ( as in 2008 ) or just doom . 
  in which case they just need to make sure they have their learjets fueled up and pointing towards tahiti . 
   spin aside ( and there 's a lot of spin in your statement ) you do n't knock down the biggest load-bearing pillar in your house , no matter how ugly it is . 
  has the banking industry in any country contributed at all ? 
  if you take into account the bailouts i do n't believe they have . 
  after all it is a big casino . 
  the investment banks that is . 
  and because they seem to be biggest in the uk , they have alse taken the larges chunk out of the uk . 
  you call them ugly , because they are . 
  why would cutting them down in any way ruin a whole country ?? 
    you are completely overstating the possible effects of this tax . 
  it 's not going to cripple britain financially in any way . 
  why on earth would you think so ? 
   except that it will . 
  since the financial sector is huge in britain , the majority of eu money from that tax will come from britain i did n't know that the tobin tax would be something the eu would get . 
  i am really not sure that is how it 's supposed to work . 
  the tobin tax is pretty much a goner anyways . 
  if ( and that 's a big if ) it were ever to see the light of day in any country i seriously doubt that it would flow directly into the coffers of brussel . 
  as it stands now it would be introduced in continental europe and if your calculations are correct all trade would move to london and it would benefit london greatly . 
  i am not so sure about any of that though . 
  if the trading would really move and if moved trading would really benefit the place it went to . 
  because we have seen how much benefit we get with the unregulated banking sector . 
  right now it threatens to sink not only our economies , but also our democracies with it . 
  personally i would say those costs ca n't be overstated . 
  there are people saying the age of enlightment is over .
