  since agro-business subsidies have come under attack both from the payers for their size ( and mismanagement ) and from the sheer number of new farmers sharing the same cake ( all those new member countries ) it is n't as attractive anymore . 
  even though agro business was very good in lobbying , they have been overtaken in recent years by other industries like the financial or electric power industry . 
  and i always thought that here is where the beef is with iceland in recent days . 
  because they wreaked so much havoc in the iceland economy that they managed to topple a government ( in the long run ) and got themselves some stiff regulation that they managed to avoid in the eu ( thank you gordon brown ! ) . 
  and now we are facing the euro crises , because of that . 
  so europe does n't even look all that appealing anymore . 
  those are all very complex issues and always have been to some extent . 
  the main attraction of the eu has always been emotional , rather than rational . 
  like national pride . 
  first it was about france and germany not getting into another war , then about democracy in spain , portugal and greece and lifting the latter two out of poverty ( that worked , well , did n't it ? ) . 
  then about integrating eastern europe into europe and celebrating the end of the cold war . 
  that is an ongoing project . 
  and the only explanation how bulgaria and romania became members . 
  everyone that knew those countries knew they were n't ready . 
  especially bulgarians and romanians that had seen the eu and/or lived there . 
  they were/are as ready for the eu as greece was/is ready for the euro . 
  but luckily they are too small to crash , or threaten , the eu like greece is threatening the euro . 
  ensuring peace , bringing europe closer together . 
  those are the big issues . 
  that is why we are currently negotiating with croatia and serbia . 
  the reasons why turkey wo n't get in is about culture . 
  not about economy or policy ( i personally think we should give turkey a date and a set of stable goals to achieve , since i believe the culture is compatible , hell they got the latin alphabet , the serbians do n't ) . 
  while negotiations about farming subsidies is going on , the big question if iceland will join , remains emotional . 
  that is how norway , in the end , decided against it . 
  they did n't * feel * like it . 
  iceland was occupied by denmark . 
  does iceland * feel * like joining ? 
  farming : we have huge problems with farm animals such as that we only focus on high yield animals and breed them so that most of them are siblings ( coming from lines of high yield ancestors ) . 
  because they are so close genetically and usually kept in `` factory-farming '' barns very close to each other they are very likely to get deseases themselves . 
  so we have to give them antibiotics all the time . 
  meat farming is seriously f * cked up in eu countries these days . 
  and the eu policy of subsidizing for mass ( guaranteed prices ) is to blame for that . 
  whaling : while i do n't condone whaling i firmly believe that the biggest problems our oceans are facing these days is pollution and overfishing of all kinds of species . 
  not only whales . 
  but instead of tackling that problem the eu is buying the right to overfish costal waters of african countries , while , at the same time has to subsidize their fishing fleet . 
  without such a large fishing fleet the eu would n't need to buy fishing rights , because we would n't have that many boats . 
  also this will destroy west african fishing industries and cause conflict ( people of work ) , general instability , poverty and will , among many other things , lead to more people from those countries trying to enter the eu . 
  needless to say : fishing is another area where eu subsidies lead to great misery and are generally evil to a great extent . 
  these days the eu is dominated by germany and france . 
  we ( germany ) set up the european stability mechanism ( esm ) and even though slovakia ( not slovenia ) did n't like or want it , they had no choice . 
  how is that for domination ? 
   he had a profound impact upon the events in yugoslavia between 1989 and 1995 no doubt here , though i dispute that he was the sole reason for civil war . 
   but the origin of pretty much the whole damn thing falls to milosevic well , there you have a perfect narrative and an easy scapegoat . 
  thank you . 
  one bad guy and that 's it . 
  you see , i am german and we often like to say : `` it was n't me , it was hitler . 
  hitler alone ! '', 
  serbia was made out to be the villain back then . 
  it made for an easier narrative by the media . 
  while maybe serbia deserves a little more or less blame than the others ( depending on which side you are on ) , this war had no clear aggressor and defender . 
  you ca n't blame one side for it . 
  that does n't diminish the srebrenica massacre or other similar , but smaller acts . 
  those were usually committed by irregular troops on all sides , which often were just a group of armed criminals acting with impunity because civil society broke down . 
  the link does n't work for me : fatal error : unsupported operand types in / mnt/target03/355483 / 405876/www . cyprus-mail . com/web/content / includes/common . inc on line 1592, 
  i do n't see where the problem is , except for the greek . 
  for some reason they seem to think that their default would be better than the austerity measures , but anyone with any knowledge of a country defaulting knows that greeks have seen absolutely nothing yet in terms of hardship . 
  there was widespread looting and pillaging in argentinia , after weeks of no supply with basic living necessaties . 
  greeks will find themselves back in the stone age without water , gas , food or electricity , can kiss their pensions goodbye and will dream of having a job . 
  otoh three years after the 2008 earthquake the banks should definately be prepared for a default . 
  after all , the greek default has been looming on the horizon for about a year now . 
  if the banks have n't written off their loans to greece yet ( and still have an ok balance sheet ) than they are stupid . 
  but the world has turned upside down . 
  greece was saved by germany ( via the eu ) , because it was a freakin ' bank bailout for german banks . 
  and it looks like they did n't stop playing in greek bonds even though they were bailed out . 
  which is how they are bancrupting the rest of europe because managers like their bonuses ( and greek bonds have huge returns right now ) . 
  mind you , not greece is bankrupting anyone , but our banks are . 
  a default would n't even mean that 300 billion euros are lost . 
  the article is a little bs on that . 
  a default would mean that greece wo n't be able to pay the full amount plus interest , but will stop paying interest and start negotiating how much they will pay back on their loans . 
  my guess is that even if greece defaults , they would still agree to pay back more than half ( 150 billion euros ) . 
  and at the same time , no one seems to tell the greek people just how bad a default would be for them . 
  that 's some responsible greek politicians , ai n't it ? 
  but those are the same guys , that do n't tax the rich and , at the same time , spend too much money . 
  they created the problem in the first place . 
  relax , man . 
  i suspect that they will never get to you in the first place . 
   america sucks and everyone knows it there are obvious shortcomings , mainly because of the first amendment and the associated freedom and tradition for investigative journalism . 
  everyone knows about it . 
  many people all over the world will say the same thing about americans and american politics . 
  i do n't know about other countries and there are certainly international problems with the us . 
  the the us is the sole super power for example . 
  and that any kind of police ( world police in this case ) will not have only friends . 
  also the gap between the rethoric from us politicians and real politics of the us foreign policy is bound to get some people railed up . 
  but think about it . 
  the soviet ` propaganda ' was much worse . 
  and so were their policies . 
  in the case of germany there is a more or less proven case of anti americanism in the intellectual left . 
  i myself have suffered from this . 
  * '' ( ami go home - a plea for a parting with a violent country ) and `` gottes eigenes land ? 
  * '' ( god 's own country - values , goals and realities of the united states of america ) , both of which are scathing reckonings with all of americans biggest faults . 
  if you put everything what is wrong about a country in a single book and keep pouding it home and then mirror it with the best speeches of jfk and the likes , you end up with a pretty ugly picture . 
  think michael moore on steroids , armed with a million facts doing bowling for columbine as a pacifist systematically picking apart american history . 
  we know of so many things that went wrong with america , because of the tradition of transparency . 
  gulf of tonkin anyone ? 
  every nation that went to war has something like this . 
  but very few make a big deal about the staged incident that started it . 
  in most cases it is still ` disputed ' , in stead of clearly staged . 
  i know very well how anti americanism works , because i was right among them . 
  i was one of them . 
  even before , during and after my one year long high school stay in the us .
