  in the age of suicide bombers running towards military checkpoints , this seems like a bad idea . 
   a competent , benevolent dictatorship is far superior than a democracy full of idiots . 
  interesting point . 
  but has there ever been a dictatorship better than a democracy in the world ? 
  though i have to admit , china and india are often compared for that . 
  while dictatorial china pulled 680m people out of economic misery ( poverty ) in 1981-2010 , `` democratic '' india remains a shithole when it comes to basic human rights for a large part of it 's population . 
  but how much of a democracy is india really at a local level , where `` village elders '' still call the shots ? 
  human rights ( [ all of them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economic,_social_and_cultural_rights ) ) are much more important to human well being than democracy . 
  democracy is rather understood as a safeguard to protect those rights . 
  do you believe the military will have more respect for human rights in turkey than the current government ? 
  i do n't think `` fighting '' against the military is a good idea . 
  and while i totally agree with you that the greek military junta years were bad , it could have been worse . 
  civil war ** is ** worse . 
  and is it worth it ? 
  how high are the chances that someone can win against the military ? 
  i think you should elaborate . 
  though putting my tinfoil hat on , i have to agree that the coup leadership likely communicated their intentions to their us partners beforehand and may even have been seeking approval . 
  and ( taking tinfoil hat off ) even if the us were n't consolidated , their agencies ( nsa , cia ) should have advanced knowledge through espionage . 
   this coup is completely legitimate under turkish law that is an interesting statement . 
  could you elaborate , please ? 
  some sources would be awesome as well . 
   restoring '' ... '' democratic rule `` fighting for peace is like fucking for virginity . '', 
  [ a coup is pretty much the opposite of democracy . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4t12h3/turkish_military_blocks_istanbul_bridges/d5dtwq9 ) it is highly unlikely that this coup , however it plays out , is good for turkey and/or turkish democracy , imho . 
  you think germans are `` educated properly in complete sync with modern age and social forms '' ? 
  americans ? 
  anyone ? 
  there is no black or white . 
  yes , americans have a much stronger democratic tradition than turkey , but so what ? 
  nothing is black and white . 
  democracy might not work very good in turkey , but it has it 's problems in the us as well . 
  just like the rest of the world . 
  just last month 52 % of the uk voted to shoot themselves in the foot . 
  [ you * do * know what churchill said about democracy . 
  ] ( https://www.google.de/search?q=churchill+democracy ), 
  i disagree . 
  i think a coup is always worse . 
  democracy has to be respected . 
  though i have to withhold judgement for two reasons . 
  erdogans actions are very undemocratic and could be interpreted as a slow coup as well . 
  we will have to wait and see what happens . 
  what will the military do ? 
  what do they want ? 
  though i have to stress my anti-coup stance , because the threat of a new coup in the future will limit any democratically elected future government in their democratic rule , effectively making the country a lot less democratic , even if the military gives power back to a civil leadership asap . 
  coups are always bad for democracy in that way . 
  as much as you ( and me !! ), 
  hate erdogan , a military coup is almost certainly worse for turkey . 
  also what about those people that voted for erdogan ? 
  how many did so in the last election ? 
  what about their choice ? 
  it was a democratic one . 
  erdogan has been consolidating more and more power with himself . 
  he changed the constitution to rule as a president . 
  he also made the country less secular . 
  he supports islamic forces outside of turkey . 
  also erdogan is currently dragging the country into a new civil war with the kurds , largely to consolidate his own power ( making more enemies in order to solidify his position at the leadership ) . 
  he himself destabilized the country , making a coup more likely . 
  there are so many other issues . 
  for example the new law , making it possible to prosecute members of parliament , breaking bridges with the kurds , making peaceful solutions less likely . 
  if there is no civil option to deal with the kurd issues , who needs civil leadership , the military may have been thinking . 
  and that is just off the top of my head . 
  there is so much more , if you have been following the news . 
  not only that , but there are so many other possible problems . 
  what if the coup is n't successful right away ? 
  civil war ? 
  i just wanted to add that i am really sad to see the uk go . 
  i love you guys and i feel we lose a lot by letting you go . 
  alas , if you feel you need to leave , so be it . 
  please do n't feel bad , if we try and woo scotland , northern ireland , gibraltar ( and england and wales and everyone else ) to stay . 
  because we love them , too . 
  the uk was and is a very important member of the eu . 
  imho the vote was about leaving echr and eea as much as the eu itself . 
  the exit camp explicitly stated they wanted to get rid of outside courts ( ecthr ) having jurisdiction over the uk . 
  which basically means an exit to echr . 
  the eu and the single market are more or less the same thing . 
  for a single market you need common product regulation , for example . 
  hence eu laws . 
  and all the other stuff . 
  it all depends on each other . 
  which is also why democracies and trade deals have a hard time coexisting . 
  trade deals are done in secret by diplomats , but influence or govern laws over product safety and labor , for example . 
  single market is much more than trade . 
   the eu wo n't allow scotland to ` stay ' i heard talk that the eu is prepared to make exactly this offer ... that scotland would be offered to take over the uk position inside the eu . 
  special deals and everything . 
   i doubt the uk government will allow a referendum , though . 
  you guys disagree here , though you both agree that there wo n't be a referendum , because scottish people do n't want to leave anyways . 
  there certainly is a political agenda behind freedom of movement . 
  just like behind freedom of commerce ( goods and services ) . 
  or any other european treaty , really . 
  personally i do n't consider it bullshit . 
  ymmv, 
  the better deal was what cameron got this year . 
  afaik , a lot of people think the eu went too far and gave cameron too much . 
  even violating some eu agreements and principles along the way . 
  which is probably why european politicians are currently a little sour towards the uk . 
  and i guess that is also the reason behind the `` no pre-brexit negotiations '' position that is currently circulating . 
  that is what i thought . 
  there wo n't even be a referendum , since london wo n't allow it anyways . 
  article 112 would be irrelevant once the uk leaves , of which you are 90 % certain . 
  so back to : will a future uk government grant freedom of labor to obtain single market access or not ?
