  have you started building fences around your islands yet ? 
  how does that work out ? 
  nope . 
  anyone who believes there is such a thing as a closed border without close cooperation is an idiot . 
  except if you include ` solutions ' such as sinking boats filled with refugees or outright shooting at them . 
  there is no such thing as a fence in the water . 
  and as long as you do n't throw basic democratic principles like due process overboard , you need turkey to keep the boats away . 
  but we do have tons of idiots who think otherwise . 
  not only here . 
  donald trump is very popular in the us . 
  other countries , same shit . 
  you guys do know that the only way to `` close '' a border to refugees is close cooperation with the country they came from , right ? 
  because i do read tons of requests for `` closed borders '' . 
  whatever turkey does plays a huge role in the number of refugees entering the eu . 
  so you either eat up and shut up or deal with refugees . 
  your choice !, 
  also : would you consider turkish child brides fleeing the country refugees ? 
   there are 181,036 child brides in our country , unfortunately talk about numbers ... 
   voters want secure societies and borders , and when mainstream parties say non , fringe parties become mainstream . 
  those things do n't work the way voters seem to think . 
  at least not with democracy and european values . 
  which is exactly why they voted against modern democratic values . 
  we are seeing another huge step away from democracy and towards a much more totalitarian europe . 
  like we have seen in hungary . 
  this has been going on for quite a while . 
  i wonder if the people want this or if they are idiots . 
  [ edit  do n't get me wrong . 
  it 's not just how people vote . 
  it is also how greece was handled , for example . 
  by giving power to bureaucrats and taking it away from the people . 
  how power is transferred from national parliaments to central european institutions not ruled by the european parliament . 
  and so on . 
   ehm no , they do it almost every other week . 
  russian bomber aircraft flying over nato europe frequently ? 
  sauce plz . 
  there is a lot more to it . 
  we have a whole set of values . 
  a system . 
  which are , btw . 
  also enshrined into un documents signed and ratified by almost every nation on earth . 
  so they are not even `` western '' values , but universal human values we strife for . 
  and we still do strife . 
  gays , for example , still do not have the same rights as everyone else . 
  due process is a cornerstone of this system of values and rights . 
  it means that you ca n't simply finger someone and they get deported . 
  no matter who you are . 
  obviously things like the `` no fly list '' the us has violates this principle . 
  as does solitary confinement , which we consider torture , but is an almost regular occurrence in us prisons . 
  or the death penalty or guantanamo bay . 
  i am mostly mentioning the us here , because they have such excellent documentation on their shortcomings . 
  but the uk and germany ( as well as the rest of the eu ) also have a big list . 
  still we strife to further reduce that . 
  eliminating due process would set us back a lot . 
  it would make us more similar to states like isis . 
  we would n't fight them this way , we would become more like them . 
  the difference between `` us '' and `` them '' is due process . 
  if `` we '' start disregarding that , what is the point in differentiating any more ? 
   making our borders tighter than ever while i get the sentiment , i always have to shake my head at the idiocy of people uttering these statements . 
  there is no such thing as a sea border . 
  if you tighten the land border , you force people out to sea . 
  more will drown . 
  which is the exact opposite of what you may have intended to write . 
  though i do n't know . 
  also `` tightening the border '' is quite a difficult task for a bunch of reasons . 
  resulting in the fact that turkey is the country that would need to make it harder to get to the eu . 
  there is little the eu can do , short of shooting at people , which surely works , but goes so radically against our core values , that we can kiss them goodbye for good , ushering in a post democratic - post humanitarian era for europe . 
  which we are well on our way to do anyhow . 
  if you are born in a muslim country to muslim parents you are born with religion . 
  just like if you are born in a hindu country to hindu parents . 
  very few people have the will to really change that . 
  and why ? 
  most people i talked to in muslim countries know as much about islam as people in europe know about christianity . 
  they know that they ca n't eat pork and celebrate ramadan . 
  just like people in europe know what a cross is and celebrate christmas . 
   if i think some ideas are bullshit , that 's my right totally . 
  you also have every right in the world to be racist . 
  i never disputed that . 
   it has nothing to do with racism . 
  that is the thing i disputed . 
  islam is more than ideas . 
  it is how many people just are . 
  they do n't question it , mostly because there is nothing to question . 
   if you do n't understand this , there is no point talking to you . 
  for this i refer you back to the comment i just made . 
  which i started with this sentence :   you will probably never even understand this . 
  you will probably never even understand this . 
  a lot of old people do n't understand what is wrong with hating jews or black people . 
  or talking down on them . 
  the third paragraph in the wikipedia article on racism talks about this . 
  a better word is islamophobia . 
  just like antisemitism . 
  but racism is so easy to understand and fits just as well . 
  the underlying motives are the same . 
  race and religion are surely different . 
  no doubt about that . 
  but the hate of a race and a religion are n't . 
  the similarities of islamophobia and racism are striking , the differences are minuscule . 
  as i made clear in a post before , it does n't matter to a racist if race even exists or not . 
  [ if you have any more questions , i am referring you to a very lenghty discussion i had over the course of a month on the topic of islamophobia . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cpczuv9 ) it branches out two or three times , unfortunately .
