  when they share their support for the death penalty , for example . 
   you were the one who took such a cavalier attitude about the mass murder of syrian civilians dude , about 100.000 syrians died now as a direct result of the hostilities . 
  the death count is pretty similar to what happened in iraq , if i remember correctly . 
  so yes . 
  every dead counts . 
  but in the grand sheme of things ? 
  check out real wars : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_congo_war ignored while people loved to scream about the war in iraq . 
  yes , what the americans did in iraq was horrible . 
  very horrible . 
  and a lot of people died as a result . 
  now we even find out that during the war between iran and iraq ( also a very different caliber with a death count of more than a million ) , the us actively supported iraq in the use of chemical weapons against iran . 
  so i would argue that western support for iraq in the 80s is far worse than what the us did in the 2000s . 
  a lot less people died as a result . 
  i tried telling you . 
  but you would n't stop screaming about muslims . 
  i bet you are going to find a way to blame muslims for the problems in the drc as well , are n't you ? 
  have you ever even met a muslim , much less talked to one ? 
  you sound like you are talking about an alien race . 
  yes , kids often need to go to sunday/friday school . 
  do they like it ? 
  do they even understand it ? 
  do they actually remember shit ? 
  all of the shit you are spewing here has nothing to do with the daily reality of life . 
  it 's all some theoretical bullshit . 
  and fucking racist . 
  dude stop !, 
  it 's really , really bad . 
  you almost sound like some kind of little brevik with those weird little theories in your head . 
  go out and talk to people . 
  talk to muslims . 
  ask them about religion . 
  go to a muslim country . 
  they usually know as much about islam as a christian . 
  next to nothing . 
   i 'm so very glad we 've had this discourse . 
  i 'm going to save every word and transmit it to my friends and family , to show them how utterly ignorant and de-humanized left-wing europeans really are . 
  congrats , you found one more group to hate . 
  blacks , muslims , mexicans , and now europeans . 
  though i am not sure what you white pride friends will have to say about that . 
  try running around a european capital without pants . 
  you are a racist , i am not , you keep repeating your idiot ideology and i ca n't talk any common sense into you for muslims to be anything like you imagine them to be they would need something in common that is identifiable in their faith . 
  but they are similar to christians in the us . 
  they have no idea of theology . 
  they live how they live . 
  what they do have in common are rituals . 
  just like christians have rituals . 
  but what does one christians have in common with another beyond rituals ? 
  what do you have in common with hitler ? 
  yes there are christians as well as muslims actually engaged in theology . 
  but how many ? 
  how many christians in the us actually follow their faith truely ? 
  how many do not try to become rich asap ? 
  how many do not want to make war ? 
  how many do not support their military ? 
  same with muslims . 
   based upon the theological traditions this does n't exist . 
  there are no theological traditions . 
  there are ritual traditions . 
  like santa claus . 
  or the easter bunny . 
  or head scarfs . 
  you wont find a single mentioning of headscarfs in the quaran . 
  yet they are the most visible muslim symbol nowadays ( it used to be that europeans wore headscarves more than muslims 100 years ago , rituals and traditions change ) . 
  same with santa claus . 
  the most visible christian symbol is the guy in a read coat . 
  have you found him im the bible ? 
  and yes , christians and muslims would love to feel like they belong to something bigger than themselves . 
  the umma . 
  or america ( nationalism ) . 
  or whatever . 
  and yes , people do bad stuff and then claim they did it for some purpose . 
  or radicalize themselves . 
  if a christian radicalizes and bombs an abortion clinic , is christianity the reason ? 
  is christianity the reason for kony ? 
  maybe . 
  if you interpret it your way . 
  my point is that you can find anything and interpret it to fit whatever you like . 
  just like americans interpret christianity in a way that allows them to become stinking rich and call it `` gods will '' . 
   yes , the gassing his own people and their children , is `` totally relaxed '' . 
  my god ... you 're sounding more and more like a cartoon . 
  it 's a numbers game . 
  gassing a couple hundred people in a war is not a big deal compared to gassing six million people out of spite . 
  or killing three million people in a civil war and millions more in the aftermath ( drc ) . 
  but nobody cares about those , because they are black . 
  that 's why i am a little relaxed about syria . 
  by the way : in syria , the secular governmet is gassing muslim extremist rebels . 
  is n't that to your liking ? 
   my question is why is it acceptable to pressure/force people to wear a headscarf ? 
  this is racist . 
  smart , though still racist . 
  similar question : why is it acceptable for blacks to just go around and murder people like that . 
  why is it ok for mexicans to just walk into the us and take jobs that belong to americans ? 
  by phrasing your racism into a question , you take very questionable stuff and put it out like a fact . 
  who is forcing whom to wear anything ? 
  and why ? 
  why do you wear cloth ? 
  why is it not allowed to walk naked in the streets of detroit or paris ? 
  what is decent ? 
  who gets to decide ? 
  why is it ok for men to take of their shirts and not for women ?
