  many people would n't find anything morally questionable about either . 
   i also think you have to allow people their anger nope . 
  i do n't think it is ok to riot . 
  no matter what is happening to your quarter . 
  it will only make things worse . 
  you do n't get it , do you ? 
  the individuals that riot might have a problem . 
  either they are criminals , idiots or whatever . 
  i am neither talking about these individuals , nor the police or the meat clever . 
  i am talking about these kind of sentences : `` how are they not savages ? '', 
  the `` they '' in this sentence means different things to different people . 
  to a lot of people in this subreddit it does n't have anything to do with the bunch of individual criminals i was talking about above . 
  for example the comment i linked to said : `` muslims '' and `` islamists '' . 
  though i am pretty sure that he did n't even meant people that believe in allah ( muslims ) or people that take this believe too far ( islamists ) . 
  what he really means is people that are different than him . 
  because he is a racist . 
  this is racism . 
  do you get this ? 
  i do n't get your point . 
  this is not really about different points or being morally surperior . 
  i just pointed out the everyday racism . 
  lots of people in europe are very racist and would not have any moral problem with that . 
  dismissing blatant racism ( savages , barbaric , dealing with * them * the hard way ) does n't add anything to this discussion . 
  yet you currently enjoy four upvotes . 
  case closed !? 
   perceived racism are you new to this subreddit ? 
  we have regulars that are very , very racist . 
  all the time . 
  and frequent reddit submission that are very racist . 
  [ case in point , in these comments , currently five upvotes !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1etn5l/multiculturalism_failing_stockholm_suburbs/ca3n51r ), 
  to be brutally honest with you : the us cultural imperialism has left us with a globalized/americanized culture already . 
  over here in germany we watch american tv , american movies , read american books , listen to american music and , last but not least , spend most of our time viewing american websites ( facebook and google mostly ) . 
  maybe a closer europe would preserve more local culture , maybe not . 
  who knows . 
  but the onslaught of us culture has left very little anyways . 
  i do n't see much german culture around here these days . 
  there must certainly be worse places and better places . 
  i do n't even know if stuff like this * can * be proven . 
  i am german and live in berlin and still see and know that this country has a pretty racist society compared to england or france . 
  even though it does sound awful i have to say it : nice to know that there are worse places . 
  [ edit  i just remembered that i should n't gloat too much . 
  we have an openly racist police chief in berlin . 
  and it does look like no one gives much of a damn about it . 
  actually dresden was just one city . 
  for some reason in the craziness of war they decided to find a way to inflict the most civillian casulties possible and called it `` moral bombing '' . 
  it was supposed to break the spirit of the germans back then . 
  to that end they used scientists to determine the perfect way to start a `` firestorm '' . 
  a fire so strong that it sucks the oxygen out of the sourroundings and suffocates anyone close to the city the firestorm is raging in . 
  it involves bombs to break up the water pipes , so there is no water pressure for the firefighters , bombs that have a big blast to open up the roofs and then lots of small firebombs that fall into the buidings . 
  they chose cities based on how good they would burn . 
  so they bombed the historic inner cities . 
  everything old in germany was obliterated from the air in wwii . 
  about 600.000 german civillians are said to have died . 
  in dresden , of course , but also in hamburg , koblenz , magdeburg and , just before the war was over , and for absolutely no other reason than to kill civillians and to destroy their homes ( no wartime industry there ) , pforzheim . 
  to drive home the fact that they wanted to kill people . 
   fracking is absolutely not without its problems as is any other method of fossil fuel production and transportation . 
  do we need to go into the oil spills and other environmental problems the production has brought to siberia ? 
  i think by not allowing fracking and nuclear energy in germany we simply move problems to other places and pretend we do n't see them anymore . 
  nigeria delta anyone ? 
  how about some gulf of mexico spill ? 
  what about all the gas flares ? 
  or about the radiation and lead that is spilled when we burn up coal ? 
  yea , fracking has some problems . 
  as does any other means of energy production . 
  fracking will nullify all of this within the decade . 
  all the gas pipelines will probabely be turned into oil pipelines , because otherwise they will become a huge loss . 
  wow . 
  so they have problems at a school solely for immigrants . 
  and instead of solving them , they close the school ? 
  so much for integration efforts . 
  and education efforts for immigrants . 
  and ... 
  this makes me sad . 
  scotland 's independence was still killed by a similar issue . 
  scotland would not have been part of the eu and would have needed to apply . 
  this application might have been blocked by countries such as spain that do n't like to see secessionist movements succeed . 
  the prospect of non membership in the eu was likely to be the decisive factor in the rejection . 
   someone defending isis , that 's a new low even for / r/europe . 
  i did n't say the plan was any good . 
  for anyone . 
  hitler made a lot of plans that turned out to be very bad for a lot of people . 
  but he was very successful in bringing a lot of his plans to fruition . 
  i think what i mainly meant to convey was the media frenzy surrounding isis plays into their hands . 
  also a plan that worked perfectly for them . 
  a lot groups in syria kill a lot of people . 
  the death count currently stands around 250.000 people . 
  a small minority of those were killed by isis . 
  yet by taking a foreigner or two ( what is one person against 250.000 ?? ), 
  and * filming * their decapitation got them the front page . 
  their snuff videos are the perfect clickbait . 
  especially supposedly conservative media ( fox news , tabloids , etc. ), 
  seemingly ca n't withstand what they have to offer and play it over and over and over again . 
  meanwhile the death counts of other conflicts ( like the one in the drc ) are even higher than those . 
  but we never hear of those other conflicts , because there is n't much oil around . 
  and the arab-israeli conflict ( israel is close ) always had a knack of attracting a lot of media attention . 
  four decades of playing the arab and the western media has n't gone without education for a lot of young arabs , some of whom have evolved the game to new heights , the result of which we can view almost daily . 
  the current headline being another example of that . 
  isis is so evil in your eyes , that just by admitting they are successful in whatever bad thing they do looks like `` defending them '' to you . 
  if that is n't `` success '' in playing `` bad guys '' , what is ?
