  and the real ones ? 
  most of the time white radio pundits talk about them on the air to their white listeners which will only serve to solidify their racism . 
  same thing with islamophobia . 
  screaming your islamophobia to other islamophobic people will only solidify your believes . 
  other than that it does n't serve a purpose . 
  screaming your islamophobia at muslims will alienate them . 
  having a real conversation is different . 
  now about having a conversation vs offensive things : what is homosexuality ? 
  most likely a genetic defect . 
  a desease . 
  is that offensive in your opinion ? 
  what would you say if it was possible to fix that ? 
  does it need `` fixing '' ? 
  why do i write homsexuality is a genetic defect ? 
  simply because how we classify genetic defects . 
  there are genetic issues that lead people to not have hearing . 
  the non hearing community strongly believes they are not disabled . 
  they can live a full live . 
  they would be offended , if you would call them `` defective '' . 
  yet we generally do . 
  because they lack an ( in our opinion ) important sense . 
  you can make many similar cases for other genetic `` defects '' . 
  homosexuality prevents people from a family type relationship that is capable of producing offspring . 
  similar to genetic infertility . 
  defect or not ? 
  discussions also have a context . 
  if we were having this dicussion about homosexuality in a highly charged homophobic environment , it would be taken different . 
  if i was to also hint at my strong homophobic sentiments , it would be a very different discussion . 
  we currently have a strong islamophobic climate in europe . 
  we are not discussing islam in a scientific ivory tower , but in a society filled with hate for muslims . 
  where right wing extremists try to enforce their agenda in schoolbooks . 
  using the fear of muslims as a vehicle . 
  i do n't expect you to really understand this latter point about no discussing things in a vaccum . 
  lots of `` smart '' people claim not to understand that either and keep making derogatory comments towards islam trying to sell books or papers or generating `` clicks '' . 
  i also do n't expect you to accept your own racism . 
  few people do . 
  what i do expect you to finally accept and apologize for is this silly comment :  islamophobia : a word invented by fascists and used by cowards to manipulate morons . 
  [ just calmy read the wikipedia entry for islamophobia . 
   are you a complete simpleton ? 
  do you get off on starting your comments by insulting whoever you are debating ? 
   first of all , racism is the hatred of other races . 
  nothing else . 
  well , as i explained to you a couple times , the mechanisms for racism , homophobia , antisemitism and the likes are the same . 
  and it does n't really matter what the targeted person does , thinks or is , as long as the label applies to them . 
  so someone is homophobic . 
  that , in itself , is actually nothing bad . 
  as long as they do n't act on it or spread it via talking about it . 
  though as soon as they meet someone that they think is a homosexual ( wether that someone is one or not does n't matter ) and they treat this person different from other people , for example not renting to that person in a landlord/tenant situation , it becomes a homophobic act . 
  the other party may never know this , because they might think they were dismissed for other reasons and since they may not be gay anyways , it really would n't cross their minds . 
  this is a similar situation to that islamophobic person that killed six people in the sikh temple shooting . 
  also carried out in the believe he was hurting ( and/or felt threatened by ) muslims . 
  [ i do n't need to point out similar instances of perceived gays being killed by homophobic people because they felt those killed were making a pass at them . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gay_panic_defense ) those latter two would be more extreme examples compared to the landlord/tenant one . 
   secondly , you realise you 're labelling antinazism as bigotry ? 
  you do n't think it is offensive to compare [ nazism - you should really read this link , not many people know of this one - ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/generalplan_ost ) to islam ? 
  holy shit . 
  you are out of your fucking mind . 
  but wth . 
  you hinted at that the whole time anyways . 
  so whatever . 
  but you bring up a point under which it may be better possible to explain to you what you do n't seem to grasp . 
  as horrible as nazism is . 
  and i have a pretty good idea how horrible it is . 
  all germans were considered nazis in the 1940s . 
  and all of them were made responsible for the nazi crimes . 
  luckily the generalplan ost was n't really known and no one gave a shit about all the disabled , homosexuals and roma that were murdered . 
  so germans mostly got blamed for killing jews . 
  jews from western countries that is , because enough of them survived to tell the tale . 
  the jews from eastern europe were completely gone when the war was over . 
  now every german . 
  child to elderly was labled a nazi and blamed for the killing of the jews . 
  you think it is ok to blame children for killing 6 million jews ? 
  how about [ those indoctrinated youths ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hitler_youth ) are you going to blame them ? 
  how about the adults that fought on the western front ? 
  how do you find out how many knew about the genocide ? 
  how many germans ? 
  what do you think is the correct judgement for brutally murdering 6 million men , women , children and babies ? 
  do you want to apply this judgement to every nazi ? 
  do you think every single german completely stood for all of nazi ideology ? 
  that they abandoned all of their morals ? 
  no matter what they thought about nazism ? 
  after all , they belonged to the group . 
  were part of fascist culture . 
  it does n't matter what people think , say or do . 
  for racism it matters what label you put on them . 
  the racist that is . 
  the label is arbitrary . 
  also i would like to refer you back [ to this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cpcrirl ) . 
  nato countries , mainly the uk and the us are almost the sole reason why radical islam even exists in the modern world . 
  without these interventions there is [ a high chance that women in most of the islamic world would n't even wear a hijab . 
  ] ( http://www.sup.org/books/title/?id=18176 ) the [ hijab rollback in turkey ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/headscarf_controversy_in_turkey ) parallels these developements in which nato countries stopped the modern nationalisation of islamic societies in and around the middle east and threw the societies of the countries they had influence on back into the middle ages . 
  as i pointed out repeadetly , the target does n't matter with racism . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  people that are anti semitic claim that jews the world over should distance themselves from israel . 
  and they should do so loudly and immediately . 
  they think they have a point . 
  that israel is doing so and so . 
  but what they think does n't matter . 
  they just found their excuse for their anti semitism .
