  yes , some people that are stupid ( and probabely intolerant , but we do n't know yet , could be insurance fraud ) obviously vandalized a building . 
  but your ( very racist comment ) suggests that a ) whoever committed the arson ( if it indeed was for political reason ) does not belong here and b ) should `` go home '' . 
  your comment also seems to suggest that there is a larger group ( all muslims ) that you equate with the perceived muslim terrorists that committed the arson . 
  and that they should all leave europe . 
  i do n't see a problem with these right wing idiot comment such as yours . 
  these things are to be expected after such an event . 
  but i do have a problem with 44 upvotes in such a small subreddit . 
  and you are certainly not alone in this thread . 
  with this sort of racist sentiment so widespread i can see why turkey can kiss their membership dreams goodbye . 
  could you guys tame it down it bit ? 
  it is n't even clear if it was * muslim * terrorists . 
  did n't you guys learn anything from the recent massacre in norway ? 
  also wtf ? 
  nobody was hurt !, 
  you get your regular right wing guys that kill an immigrant ( or someone looking like one ) every week all over europe . 
  so every white guy is a racist now ? 
   the only people benefiting are the politicians who dream it up , the incompetent public sector who allows the private sector to rip them off , and the private sector bigwigs who gladly do so . 
  that sounds like quite a list . 
   i am not feeling the benefit from fire control rooms we are n't going to use , a now scrapped id card system that was intrusive and pointless , wars in other countries at the behest of the us president , etc etc etc. 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i do n't condone waste . 
  and i would never it is n't a big problem . 
  as i pointed out , we spend more than we produce . 
  but someone has to build this waste . 
  and those workers consume food . 
  and employ nannies . 
  you get the idea . 
  this is ** real ** trickle down . 
   it is n't all about what the banks did ( they are n't responsible for the deficits the government is racking up ) - the ( then ) government has to shoulder plenty of blame . 
  we are overspending on a lot of things . 
  even without the bank bailout we are spending more than we earn . 
  this can be very bad . 
  but a large part of society is benefitting from it . 
  the people in the higher income brackets surely benefit more , but they do so pretty stealthily . 
  this is not breaking the social contract . 
  especially because europeans tend not to brag about it . 
  very few people benefitted from the bank bailout . 
  that is the difference . 
   our uk banks have de-leveraged , they raised capital over the past few years so that they are no longer as leveraged as they were . 
  well , there is a difference between superficial , optional de-leveraging that was done by the european financial industry over the last years and tough regulation demanding a thorough de-leveraging and other best practice stuff like keeping all investments in your books ...  i am not sure why it was n't possible for other eu governments to do the same ? 
  perhaps we british felt that it was quite possible for each nations regulators to implement such requirements without regulations needing to be centralised in brussels ? 
  because we have a common market . 
  any somewhat meaningful regulation in one country will be dodged by moving to a different country . 
   we certainly have , i mean we 're going a step further , i believe we 'll be forcing our banks to ring-fence their retail operations from their investment operations so as to prevent contamination between the two , that sounds like fairly pro-active bank regulation to me and i have n't heard of any other eu nation doing something similar yet . 
  the problem is that this regulation still has tons of loopholes . 
  but this also highlights why this specific regulation , only enacted in one country , means jack . 
  because if an investment bank in britain goes under , they might still have a big debtor in another european country that is doing retail . 
  also what would stop said uk bank from letting their investment wing lend from a french bank that holds a lot of money from the retail wing of the same uk bank . 
  if the investment bank goes bust , so will the french bank and then the other wing . 
  since all this could even happen internationally with banks all over the world , regulation needs to be international to work . 
  that is n't possible in reality . 
  but you might be able to regulate capital investment , lending and borrowing across borders . 
  so you can limit this problem beyond europe . 
  but you ca n't limit such thing within a common market . 
  if mentioned uk regulation would really hurt any uk financial institution , there is absolutely nothing stopping them opening up a letterbox company in any other european country . 
  after all , we have a common market . 
   so if mr sarkozy was was so passionate about de-leveraging and regulation he could have ordered that the french banks do the same as ours ? 
  but he did not and now french banks seem to be the ones in trouble . 
  i already voiced my opinion about the little guy . 
  french politics is disgustingly corrupt at times . 
  and he is the king of corruption . 
  and yes , when the curtain falls , the dumb banks fail . 
  but if they would * really * let them fail ( which ai n't going to happen ) which banks do you think are next ? 
  uk 's ? 
  germany 's ? 
  that is where the [ link comes in that i posted above ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/ln1fm/very_nice_euro_crisis_data_visualization_by_new/ ) . 
   i am not so sure how this is our fault ? 
  i am not sure who `` our '' is , but when tougher europe wide regulation was on the table , gordon brown was the financial industry 's best man in blocking any attempt for tougher regulation . 
  that 's not to say that there would have been anything really tough on the table . 
  after all , other countries have financial industries , too . 
  and those also have vested interests in their respective governments . 
  but nowhere is the influence of the financial industry so strong and visible than in the uk . 
  i figure that is also where part of the london riots came from . 
  societies have rules that are enforced by the police to some extent . 
  but mostly by an unwritten agreement that all abide by those rules . 
  if many people seriously stopped abiding to the rules there is nothing the police could do about it . 
  the financial elite in lodon openly disobeyed those rules and not only got away with it reaping massive fortunes that the rest of society has to pay for by huge cutbacks , but are heralded as an example to strive to . 
  by just taking whatever the hell they wanted the youths that rioted just followed the example society set up for them . 
  greece could have easily gone bancrupt in 2010 . 
  not in some horrible ` no money ' way , but an orderly meeting with debtors in which they explain that they do n't have any money and need to postpone interest payments and maybe negotiate cutting part of the current debt . 
  that was n't possible , because a lot of european banks held too much of that debt and would have failed . 
  so europe decided to pump a lot of money into greece , which directly went to said banks . 
  now that the european public has taken over a lot of that debt at inflated prices and already bailed out the banks ( that figure of 50-100 billion is a wild guess ) we talk about cutting down on the debt , which will make the debtors ( now the public , but also a couple banks ) loose a bunch of money . 
  all the while a couple other banks earned huge sums of money hedging the crises . 
  that is where the bonuses come from . 
  if we had enacted regulations that force the banks to deleverage ( and earn less money , but be safer against catastrophic failure ) , they could more easy take a hit like that without failing . 
  canadian banks weathered the storm of 2008 fairly well , because they are much less leveraged than european banks thanks to stricter regulation . 
  and ever since the ubs almost bancrupted switzerland , they also enacted much tougher regulation . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/ln1fm/very_nice_euro_crisis_data_visualization_by_new/ ) was just posted to / r/europe . 
  it might clear some stuff up . 
  i am not sure how to answer that . 
  seeing that we are on the verge of a new banking bailout ( greece bailout was never about greece , but about propping up banks ) that has already cost us 50-100 billion and is about to increase fivefold . 
  and you are sure paying some more money to france would n't have been cheaper ? 
  fuck sarkozy is right . 
  though you should n't forget that england blocked europe wide banking regulations after 2008 . 
  i would say the absence of swift new regulation is a core problem right now . 
  sarkozy is prolly still pissed about that . 
  i was mainly trying to convey that those ` issues ' are more one ` industry issues ' and have nothing to do with the common good of the people . 
  the eu farming industry has certain interests that the iceland farming industry will have to comply to . 
  in return the iceland farming industry will get eu subsidies .
