  so repatriation and a postponed `` leave '' ( regulation wise ) indefinitely . 
  is that going to fly politically ? 
  5 . scary, 
  xenophobia does n't stop at race , nationality or religion . 
  lgbt and people with disabilities are next up . 
  or it 's the other way around . 
  people are bigoted , but if they are made to shut up about it , you do n't see it . 
  thus we have less racism . 
  remove pc culture and policing and * boom * , racism is back in style big time . 
  which is what we currently see . 
  people feel justified in their bigoted views and encouraged to share them . 
  if a united cyprus would have been admitted to the eu , it would have marked the first time a ( partly ) muslim country became part of the union . 
  while islamophobia was n't as rampant back then , it still is a much bigger issue than you would imagine . 
  i believe bosnia will remain outside as well for at least a while . 
  it 's usually called [ deportation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deportation ) and it 's quite common throughout history . 
  which is why i am asking now . 
  it really would be urgent . 
  even though i heard that current estimates of brexit implementation are 3-4 years . 
  still lots of uncertainty . 
  which is one of the main problems . 
  currently they still are ( all of the uk , including scotland ) . 
  the vote simply signifies their will to get out . 
  but legally nothing has changed as of now . 
  scotland is currently part of the eu . 
  scotland currently * is * a member . 
  albeit as part of the uk . 
  could n't it simply take over the position of the uk within the eu ? 
  that 's why i am asking , maybe there is a redditor with some insight . 
  some further thoughts : i think it is very likely that the uk will not leave the single market , as well as honor almost all other eu contracts they currently do . 
  they will become a de facto eu member instead . 
  but that is n't certain . 
  one of the main reasons for leaving the eu was the influx of immigrants from other parts of the eu . 
  freedom of labour movement is an integral part of the common market . 
  it is highly unlikely that the uk will be able to negotiate access to the common market without allowing for labour movement . 
  thus we have uncertainty . 
  business hates uncertainty . 
  a fast and decisive move by scotland and the eu to have scotland remain on current terms would remove a lot of uncertainty . 
  there would n't even be doubt on the terms and conditions of scotland within the eu , since they are already in place . 
  another big uncertainty is the timeline . 
  as outlined above , negotiations about the terms of access to the common market could be tough and thus lengthy . 
  which could possibly lead to an exit from the common market at least temporarily . 
  which would bring about a whole bunch of ** real ** problems . 
  another issue are all the agreements the eu has with other countries that may need renegotiation now , since the uk is not part of the eu anymore . 
  how long will those take ? 
  what would scotland do in between , if it chose to apply for eu membership on it 's own , which can take years . 
  i am not sure on the currency issue . 
  it could be entirely possible to keep a monetary union with england and wales , while becoming part of the eu . 
  the pound could soon be bound to the euro anyways , since it is bouncing around so much . 
  or scotland could either make their own currency or simply adopt the euro . 
  scotland could , of course , also/or seek integration with the nordic countries and apply for membership in the nordic council , if it was to break away from the uk . 
  there would , of course , still be close cooperation between scotland and england in some sort of cooperation ( call it whatever you like , maybe `` union '' ? 
  i used that on purpose . 
  cologne has so much of this instincts and really old stereotypes stuff . 
  did you ever wonder why / r/t _ d uses `` cuck '' as their primary insult ? 
  same principle applies . 
  it 's all about hitting a nerve . 
  cologne was played up to be much more than mere sexual assault . 
  cologne has ( successfully , from a russian and far-right perspective ) morphed into some mystic * event * , where hordes of africans raped scores of european women under the powerless eyes of an impotent police force , the whole of which was attempted to cover up by a biased media . 
   good really ? 
  ** really ? 
  ** you seem proud to be that useful idiot . 
  kinda sad . 
  do n't mind me . 
  sorry i bothered you with reason . 
  good night . 
   cunt i kinda knew where this was going . 
  stay out of what , exactly ? 
  you are still seriously claiming to make this your personal issue and telling me off on nationality grounds ? 
  this reinforces my earlier point about your misguided view on what is really yours and what you actually represent . 
  my nationality has as much to do with this issue and your statements as the supposed nationality of your supposed spouse . 
  it 's not . 
  saying you ca n't say a xenophobic thing , because your partner is supposedly not from a western country is a dumb as saying you ca n't be racist if you are black or have black friends . 
  using the identity of your partner to defend your rhetoric is wrong in and of itself . 
  thus i doubt it 's true anyways . 
  * off our land * is both xenophobic and dumb , because , as i have explained , it is neither yours , nor do you speak for those you live there . 
  all of that explains the `` useful idiot '' part about doing exactly as erdogan wants you to . 
  you wrote `` our land '' . 
  that 's usually a telltale sign , when someone claims to speak for their nation and also claims to identify the interest of all their countrymen and speak for them . 
   off our land * all foreigners out . 
  this is for white people only . 
  * the sad part : you do n't even understand it , when erdogan makes you his useful idiot . 
  just to be clear here : this was provoked by the turkish akp and erdogan . 
  he has much more to gain from his party being denied speaking in front of less than a hundred potential voters than from his outrage over unfair treatment . 
  the netherlands gladly came to their assistance , it seems . 
  i almost completely agree . 
  but something changed fundamentally between the last referendum and this one : brexit . 
  this is all about eu membership . 
  last time , a scottish `` yes '' would have meant that scotland would have both left the uk and also been forced to leave the eu . 
  now the situation is completely different . 
  especially if the scottish government is banking on being able to stay within the eu . 
  or rather being able to join the eu rather quickly . 
  i think this largely depends on spain and other countries in the eu that do n't like these independence movements . 
  spain signaled that they would have blocked scotland from entering the eu indefinitely , in order to dissuade similar movements in catalonia and basque country . 
  if that changed , scottish independence becomes an economically much more viable option , imho . 
  this makes a huge difference . 
  this uk tax stuff is way overblown . 
  simply because we already have a tax war within the eu . 
  germany , which loves to whine about tax havens and secret accounts in switzerland has become a major target for dirty money , because loopholes allow for pretty anonymous accounts . 
  the dutch recently passed a new law lowering taxes on income for intangible assets to almost zero , so a lot of multinational companies have started setting up shell corporations in the netherlands and transferring their patents over there . 
  and this just happened within the last two years , iirc .
