  we ca n't possibly accept that these people are adult enough to be making their own decisions , can we ? 
  only we in the west are fully adult , with sophisticated moral capabilities and responsibilities . 
  these wogs are like children , are n't they , and ca n't help themselves . 
  so if china and russia get together to finance the westboro baptist church and help them grow to send rogue fighters to some country for some geopolitical reason , christians are to blame for that . 
  all of christianity , in fact . 
  for all that those nutjobs are doing . 
  holocaust anyone ? 
  committed by christians . 
  show me something that comes even close . 
  throwing the atom bomb on civillians ? 
  christians again . 
  doing all that after the enlightenment . 
  how about bombing north vietnamese civillians for years on end ? 
  christians again . 
  but i am racist against christians , i guess . 
  sorry about that . 
    so any moderate muslim actually has lots of reasons to hate the western world  by definition such a person would n't be moderate . 
  i did n't write they do , i just wrote they had reasons to . 
   is english not your first language ? 
  did you see a flag next to my username ? 
  i have a feeling that we are not understanding each other at all . 
  your comments make less and less sense to me . 
   rise of islamism aroud the world we ( and our ally saudi arabia ) are mainly responsible for that . 
  also muslims are the overwhelming majority of victims of muslim terrorist attacks . 
  so any moderate muslim actually has lots of reasons to hate the western world for unleashing that monster on them and they could care less if those extremists also killed a couple people in western countries . 
   no one here is advocating that kind of violence toward muslims , yea , you just keep piling on the hate until someone else pulls the trigger and then you quietly cheer , because someone `` showed 'em '' . 
   who , unlike jews or blacks , do n't have a unitary racial or ethnic identity . 
  slow down a bit , you start showing your racist side . 
   we are merely criticizing what we see as a backward belief system which is poisoning contemporary europe with its subjugation of women , honor killings , and clear and unabashed hatred toward `` infidels '' ( i.e. 
  everybody ) . 
  you do n't get it and you never will . 
  that what you just wrote is so fucking racist , it 's totally obvious . 
  kinda like the `` seperate but equal '' people who also never understood ( or never admitted to ) why this was racist . 
  this is another bad example . 
  but i am kinda tired explaining it over and over again . 
  take some bad christian guys who interpret the bible their own way and killed a couple people . 
  lord resistance army comes to mind . 
  or the holocaust or whatever . 
  and then tell everyone that you are just against christianity , because it is such a horrible backwards believe that kills people . 
  the only thing missing from that comparison is the fact that muslims are a minority and christians are the majority . 
  so you need to picture yourself living in morocco , for example and then hearing it over and over again that christianity is bad , you need to renounce it , because it would cause another holocaust . 
   what i tried to say is that i do n't think that this stance can be called `` right wing populism '' . 
  which stance ? 
  so you agree that populism is a problem ? 
  what is meant by islam ? 
  all brown people that look like they come from the mideast . 
  that 's why i still like to call it racism , even though the correct term would probabely be islamophobia . 
   okay so because that 's a religious rite , doing that is okay ? 
  drowning babies ist better ? 
   that 's exactly the reason circumcision is ruled a violation of the child 's rights . 
  i somehow seem to have missed the circumcision in the picture . 
  care to point it out to me ? 
  if they would translate that to christians , they would probabely show christians babtizing a baby next to a mushroom cloud and some auschwitz picture . 
  and since you are from a chrisian country , you are one of them . 
   also the christians who pray , do n't pray to a torture method , that 's an idiotic thing to say . 
  the symbol of christian religion ( the cross ) is a freakin ' torture method . 
  sometimes nicely illustrated by a guy hanging there being tortured to death . 
  but you are right . 
  only ignorant dipshits , who do n't know anything about christianity would assume anything bad coming from all of that . 
  but some people are proud of their ignorance . 
  a lot of some are in this thread bad mouthing muslims for stuff they are proud not to research . 
   or at the extreme , by bombing underground trains and buses . 
  yea , all muslims are terrorists . 
  say it loud , say it proud you ** racist ** mofo . 
  by that logic we christians are all holocaust loving atomic bomb throwing monsters . 
  but logic has nothing to do with racism , does it ? 
  ( i know i need to be sensitive to you racist dipshits and call it islamophobia , but fuck that ), 
  afaik , alevism is one of the most extreme and weird factions of islam in theory . 
  except that in practice , their followers are generally more moderate . 
  just like shia islam , in theory , is more extreme than sunni , but all muslim terrorists so far have been sunni . 
  why do n't you go try to live on a christian ( portugal ) countryside and be openly gay there ? 
   1 - re wbc , now imagine there are thousands of them . 
  maybe half of all the churches in north america ... 
  so the number of muslims on north america divided by two is `` thousands '' ? 
  and half of all muslims in north america are as ape shit as the wbc ? 
  how do you get karma points for this ? 
  is this / r/europe or / r/xenophobia ? 
    which is pretty similar to a lot of christian traditions where people hurt themselves to atone for their sins . 
   and which are likewise considered crazy sects . 
  good point . 
  but instead of calling them crazy islam sects , he is showing pictures of extremists and calling them all of islam . 
   he said islam advocates holy war , not all muslims . 
  he said christianity advocate holy war , not all christians . 
   why is it any time a thread like this comes along half the people fail to actually read properly and get all het up about things which were n't said and would n't be said by any rational or intelligent person ? 
  * `` you are a western person . 
  so if you do n't renounce all christian sins right now , i know you are one of them . 
  one of the people that call themselves moderates , but are in reality extremists . 
  those christian extremists that used the atomic bomb to kill hundreds of thousands innocent civillians . 
  '' * dude , what do you mean by islam anyways ? 
  because islam means 1.5 billion people and the whole religion including countries and cultures . 
  when you want to call out extreme inhumane ideas and practices , call them extremist , not moderate . 
  when you want to call out shit , call it shit , not nice . 
  and when you want to call out extremists within islam and want them to change , do n't call them moderates and irritate all of islam . 
  because then you produce hate . 
  maybe you should ask your `` friend '' how to stop this . 
  i certainly do n't think she will tell you to blame all of islam . 
  imagine someone wanting to stop the war in afghanistan and then blaming you personally . 
  will they succeed in stopping the war ? 
  what will they achieve ? 
  they will only irritate you .
