  there was also another lone crazy guy . 
  someone with an idiology similar to yours . 
  in norway . 
  he single handedly killed 77 people . 
  but terrorism is , imho not such a big deal . 
  as i stated before . 
  for example 15.000 people died to alcohol in germany last year alone . 
  depending on who you ask , this number could also be much higher . 
  muslim values do n't allow alcohol , btw . 
  but muslims values are bad values ? 
  the point is not discussion or numbers , but racism . 
  though i do n't think you will understand this . 
  a gay guy said about pegida ( right wing phenomenon in germany ) : `` i am not concerned about a couple islamists . 
  what i am concerned about is thousands of right wing populists marching in the streets . '', 
  if you look at mass casulties from wars , man made famines and similar , islam ca n't measure up against modern europe . 
  post religious , 20th century europeans mass murdering people in wwi and wwii . 
  or other wars by christians , like the vietnam war . 
  fundamentalist muslims might currently have a large press , but they simply ca n't compare to us in quantity or quality . 
  http://necrometrics.com/ especially the us fascination with isis is strange . 
  isis may have weird laws , but they do have the death penality just like the us has . 
  and both nations torture enemies . 
  isis only kills far fewer people . 
  of course i strongly believe that our values based freedom , democracy , individual rights and welfare are surperior . 
  but unfortunately our culture does n't follow these values very often . 
  as we can see in this thread with the rampant islamophobia . 
  also part of our culture is our materialism and our destructive and unsustainable lifestyle . 
  if everyone on this earth shared our lifestyle , the earth would n't be able to sustain this . 
  we would all die very soon . 
  but our ( imho surperior ) culture also demands a strict adherence to individual judgement based on actions , not thoughts . 
  what you are doing is judging a group based on one attribute . 
  everyone in that group . 
  you are not following european values . 
  that is the inherent problem islamophobia has when trying to appeal to european values . 
  in your racism you are more similar to fundamentalist muslims values than to modern european values . 
  that is my whole point . 
  we can talk all day about problems with immigration or fundamtalists , except that ( unfortunately ) most people that want to talk about it are racists like you . 
  which makes this a very tiring ordeal . 
  btw . 
  this is why the actual problems of immigration , though they are fairly limited and do n't concern many people ( we have far more pressing issues that have nothing to do with immigrants or islam ) in comparison . 
  [ terrorism itself is a vastly overblown issue , imho . 
  not only muslim terrorism . 
  though it does help them . 
  they seem to have awsome pr . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ), 
  race directly effects both education and income levels . 
  what is your point ? 
  if you want to find out about the negative effects of racism in france , there is a very simple way for you to personally find out . 
  if you are really a female as you claim . 
  just don headscarf for a week . 
  keep doing what you are doing everyday . 
  do n't tell people . 
  just watch their reactions and how they differ . 
   yes muslims all follow the same holy book so what . 
  interpretations of the bible differ sharply . 
  the us military puts a strong emphasis on the bible . 
  lots of atheists even claim to be persecuted inside the us military . 
  how does military and war fit in with the new testament ( love they enemy , turn the other cheek ) ? 
  they simply disregard the core concepts of the new testament . 
  well , not really . 
  they disregard what * other * christians consider as the core concepts of christian theology . 
  and have you asked any christian lately how much they actually know about the bible ? 
  why do you think islam is different in those two issues ( vastly different interpretations of scriptures and theological illiteracy among religious laymen ) from christianity ? 
  i am not saying the degree is different . 
  i am talking of complete opposite interpretations . 
   i 'm not talking about ethnicity , i 'm talking about cultural identities . 
  i was talking about mostly cultural racism anyways , though those often mix , imho . 
     of course , muslims are not a monolithic group . 
  but there are not different by nature , only by degree . 
  it 's about how much they are invested in the religion . 
  they are all the same . 
  well , not , but still they are . 
  only differ in degree . 
  racist hogwash . 
  same as all your writing here . 
  they , they , they , vs us , us , us . 
  you also keep denying that racism has any effect at all , because supposedly france is a completely equal society . 
  well , not . 
  you complain that not white people are racist , but only brown ( muslim ) people . 
  and that this has a bad effect . 
  you are so far off reality , it really does sound trollish . 
  white supremacy stuff . 
   i 'm a nationalist , not going to deny it and you are also clearly a racist . 
   he was saying that in europe the secular law should be followed , ant not some religious beliefs . 
  he did n't say it like that . 
  this is his exact sentence :  muslims , like all religious groups need to learn that in this continent people are allowed to mock their beliefs , people are allowed to criticize their beliefs , and most of all , religious rules do not have to be followed by people who do n't follow the religion . 
  this is directly implying that * muslims * ( all muslims everywhere in the world ) think that everyone has to follow the rules of their religion . 
  which , apart from the fact that it is very racist to accuse people like that , is bullshit anyways . 
  racist bullshit to be precise . 
   if somebody has the problem with it , he is free to leave . 
  how 's that racist or insulting ? 
  so if someone does not agree with your ideas on how europeans should think , they should leave europe ? 
  that is more or less the definition if intolerance and racism . 
   a discussion about iconoclasticism , religious sensitivity and freedom of the press . 
  it 's an extremely important conversation to have . 
  i am not sure . 
  there are many things that are important to discuss in a classroom setting . 
  even though we have started to use torture again and torture has steadily gained acceptance of large proportions of our society , it is equally not discussed . 
  curriculums are full . 
  [ even though the media vastly overblows the significance of muslim terrorism , muslims extremists and things like isis , not everyone has sign up on that . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ),
