  6 % is low ? 
  6 % is outrageously high if you know a little about immigration and europe . 
  just goes to show the close relationship france had and , i guess still has with their former colonies . 
  i was n't commenting on content . 
  i was just making a joke on form . 
  what the hell does this sound to you ? 
  reframe what issue in which way . 
  please be more specific . 
  also please ignore point 3 . 
  i brought it into the discussion to explain a bit about my motives . 
  but as long as we are still miles apart on even defining what we are talking about , it only serves to further increase the confusion . 
  what the hell are you asking questions for ? 
  edit : just asking ... 
  this is all besides the point . 
  we are argueing about three seperate , though interconnected issues . 
  is islam or religion as a whole a problem 3 . 
  should islam be critizised _____________________________________ 1 . 
  as i demonstrated in more than one instance , islamophobia is , for the most part and for europe more or less the hate of muslims . 
  it does n't matter what islam `` really '' is ( it is something different for everyone , as our discussion also showed ) . 
  racism exists independant of race . 
  as i wrote before , scientists found out that there are no human races . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  religion , how bad is it really ? 
  well , we could argue about this all our lives . 
  there are certainly elements that are bad . 
  but this has almost nothing to do with 1 . 
  it is therefore pointless to always coome back to this . 
  why do you insist that the whole discussion is pointless , because you feel we disagree about this ( 2 . ), 
  issues , when this discussion is about 1 . 
  ( see above ) ? 
  i also wrote about this point . 
  should we discuss stuff that might be bad about marginalized minorities , even though we know very little about them ? 
  i commented on this a lot , but there was nothing from you about this . 
  even though i exentsively wrote about this issues . 
  i would like to follow up with a final example . 
  what if a large proportion ( 10 ? 
  % ) of gays were involved in unsafe practices that for certain reasons may threaten the population as a whole ? 
  there are two reasons why it is a bad idea to have a popular `` discussion '' about this issue . 
  a ) because it marginalizes gays even further , potentially leading to even more unsafe practices . 
  the same way that outlawing abortion will mostly lead to unsafe abortions instead of less abortions and outlawing prostitution mostly wo n't protect prostitutes . 
  though i have to admit that allowing prostitution does n't seem to help all that much either . 
  b ) discussing the issue with the general population , apart from marginalizing gays , as shown in a ) , wo n't help gays or the issue . 
  it does n't change the thing . 
  both of these points mostly apply to muslims as well . 
  marginalizing them has arguably made them less open to integration . 
  just like screaming at people will probabely not make them open to see and comprehend your arguments . 
  like i argued in the very beginning of this thread . 
  in my very fist comment . 
  will any public discussion lead to less honor killings ? 
  do n't think so . 
  point 3 is n't really discussed , we do n't need to start now . 
  but you confuse 1 and 2 . 
  while i demonstrated in many , many ways that to haters it does n't matter what the hated people are or do . 
  so i am not going to continue to discuss point 2. , as long as you confuse those . 
   you 've got that one backwards . 
  yep , sorry , one of them . 
  again , supporting my argument that there is n't a clear `` before christianity '' and `` after christianity '' . 
  sometimes women had more rights in some cultures and somtimes they had less rights . 
   you do n't want to admit that religion could be the source of any evil evil is a profoundly religious term . 
  which makes this discussion somewhat confusing to me . 
  people usually either susbcribe to a more religious based world view and define many things , actions and people as evil or good . 
  or they try to be more enlightened and not use these terms . 
  or maybe this is more of a language thing . 
  maybe in dutch or french the term is used differently . 
  still , in order to make this discussion less confusing and ambiguous , i would like to use the term `` bad '' , instead of evil to describe undesirable actions in relation to religion . 
  most religions tend to define what evil and good is , so in order to describe a certain world view , using terminology defined purely inside this view does n't work for me . 
  can i admit that religions could be the source of bad and unwanted things ? 
  certainly i can . 
  and i must . 
  i already did . 
  repeadetly . 
  i condemned the misogynistic nature of most religions , such as in the old roman , egypt and certainly greek cultures , in which women were more on the level of slaves or cattle . 
  as well as , but to a lesser degree , christianity and islam , in which women had a more important role , but still were n't equal to men . 
  i think i also conmdened indian and chinese societies for selective abortions , not even giving women the right to be born . 
  though one of those ( chinese ) is not based on religion . 
  i compared bad things religion has brought to people to fascism and communism in the last century . 
  and i came to the conclusion , that post religious societies were even worse than relgious ones . 
  though i never said nothing bad comes from religion . 
  i just noted that worse things can come from other sources , such as capitalism ( belgish congo ) . 
  if you want an example for something truly horrible , for which religion was a major source , i point you to the thirty years ' war . 
  though i have to admit , [ to quote wikipedia , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) the war was later * becoming less about religion and more a continuation of the france -- habsburg rivalry for european political pre-eminence * . 
  it was n't all about religion . 
  but it was a major factor . 
  especially in the beginning . 
  there are other bad things i readily admit . 
  for example the suppression of modern science during the last centuries . 
  as always , i refer you back to my previous comments for more of my condemnation of bad things done by religions . 
  and i urge you , as always , to read and comprehend my comments . 
  though i have become afraid of linking to specific comments , since that seems to make you very angry . 
  again . 
  you can interpret scripture any way you like . 
  especially , as you point out in this , if you do n't read it all . 
  as most of christians have n't . 
  which is entirely my point . 
  if you do n't read it at all , you can believe whatever you like . 
  interpretation is n't even a thing , since there is nothing to interpret . 
  and even if you read the same thing , you can still interpret it very differently . 
  so even religious scholars would come to vastly different conclusions . 
  even a single word can mean vastly different things to two people . 
  i refer to islam as a religion .
