  where did you find out about the composition of these protests ? 
   still think encouraging multiculturalism is bad globalization is already here . 
  i do n't think we have a choice in that matter . 
  again , there are much bigger and stronger forces at work in creating multiculturalism than immigrants from muslim countries . 
  one thing i have noticed with any kind of immigrants is that they are actually aware of culture and cultural differences . 
  because they deal with them every day . 
  as opposed to non-immigrants that are often not aware of culture and , unfortunately , lack a lot of the rather more complicated subtleties of their very own culture . 
  simply because they are a lot less aware . 
  also they are often completely blind to the fast pace of change their culture is undergoing . 
  often they feel it and are , at times threatened by it . 
  which they then attribute , wrongly , to immigrants . 
   roblems with muslims in europe how so ? 
   and then protest against western values ( like gay marriage [ i did n't know these guys were muslims . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22671572 ) on a more serious note : do muslims really protest gay marriage and abortion in your country ? 
  in germany immigrants rarely take part in the political process . 
  if at all . 
  one of the failures of integration , i suppose . 
  i did n't know muslims had this problem . 
  evolution is a scientific fact . 
  more or less . 
  pretty basic stuff . 
  imho there ways to reconcile your religious believes with evolution . 
  one example : god ( allah ) is almighty . 
  they can create the earth using evolution . 
  why not ? 
  as an almighty being they set the universe in motion by just touching a single atom at the beginning . 
  no need to interfere in anything if you are almighty . 
  but that is just one way . 
  god ( allah ) created us to be critically thinking , scientific beings . 
  we were created to find out about evolution . 
  imho it is a bit of a misunderstanding to refuse the great revelations about live that god ( allah ) has created for us . 
  ymmv i really thought islam was more pro science . 
  that part about evolution is interesting . 
  unfortunately there is a big difference between values we aspire to and culture we have . 
  one example would be the enlightened values of tolerance we should have and the racist shitsheads we really are . 
  which is only human . 
  and evident on / r/europe every time there is something about islam , russians , romany , ... 
  in that respect , the immigrants are n't much different than us . 
  racist shitheading and all , for example . 
  opposition to `` multi-culturalism '' can only come from someone that has n't thought about culture much . 
  and does n't really know a lot about it . 
  culture changes all the time . 
  with tons of outside influence . 
  soviet communism forced a complete change on almost everything overnight . 
  then a second , similar change came when the soviet union broke down . 
  now we are seeing a rapid globalization of culture . 
  a lot of it through the internet . 
  but also through american television , movies and music . 
  we are discussion this on an american internet forum in english language , after all . 
  though i believe facebook and whatsapp are much bigger than reddit . 
  your culture is vastly different from your parent 's culture . 
  and a lot of the change comes from outside influence . 
  whatever immigrants could and can bring to europe is minuscule in influence . 
  compared to , for example , hollywood . 
  one point i would also like to add about our surperior culture vs their `` backwards '' culture is the sustainability . 
  i firmly believe our values are vastly surperior to theirs . 
  even though we do n't follow them very often . 
  so our culture is not our values . 
  but our lifestyle , which is part of our culture , is simply unsustainable . 
  if everyone on this earth followed our lifestyle and culture , earth could n't sustain this . 
  at all . 
  but it could sustain theirs . 
  in that sense , depending on your view of sustainability , theirs is surperior . 
   ah , the ole `` muslims are only 2 % of terrorists , why the media bias '' trickeroo . 
  i wrote exactly why . 
  because racists love to be reassured of their racism . 
  the overwhelming majority of people are racist . 
  islamophobia is * the thing * in europe right now . 
  so it sells right now . 
  remember the `` blond girl the gypsies kindapped '' ? 
  similar thing . 
  all over the news . 
  i have an incling that you did not read my post completely , because the average racist does n't like to read more than two words at a time . 
   except they are responsible for the overwhelming majority of terrorist deaths in the us and europe . 
  this is a good one . 
  and it completely depends on when , what and how you count . 
  i think if i do it correctly , i could attribute the overwhelming majority of * deaths * in the us and europe to french wankers like you . 
  i just need to choose the correct time period and the correct definition of terrorism . 
  best defintion of terrorism is `` french people caused it '' . 
  that way i am save that my hypothesis will turn out to be correct . 
  again , no arguments . 
  as always . 
  just cussing . 
  i think you are afraid of stating your position , because , by now , you have at least an inkling just how racist your views really are . 
   i 'm tired of your idiocy and/or dishonesty i simply repeated what you stated earlier , because you have n't put forward anything since i disproved everything you wrote long ago . 
  more than twice . 
   i am tired of your horrendous english well , since you ca n't really attack me for my position , you have to find something else to complain about . 
  seems kinda strange , after [ serbs got burned by national hatred * against * them during the 90s . 
  ] ( http://www.iacenter.org/bosnia/lituchy.htm ) instead of being pissed off about this label game , you are playing it yourself ? 
  do n't trust the media . 
  shootings happen . 
  but are not reported as much . 
  [ islam sells , so they make more stories about it , ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) which does n't mean there is much there in comparison to other things . 
  compared to all the issues with local violence the balkans have , isis supporters should be the least of your concerns . 
   it 's just ended , there will be another thing soon . 
  my family is cursing at the stations other that rtrs for broadcasting turkish soap operas i dunno . 
  i hate it when every media outlet , be it papers , radio , internet or tv , starts reporting about the same shit . 
  all that hyperventilation over some event , be it a plane crash or shooting or whatever kinda sucks , imho . 
  though it * feels * different when stuff like this happens in your town and people from your family ( your uncle ) might be affected . 
   you have a very skewed view of reality let 's see : [ islamophobia : a word invented by fascists and used by cowards to manipulate morons .
