  there was a link here on reddit recently about a survey in denmark . 
  i think more than 50 % wanted to limit immigration from muslim countries . 
  they basically want less muslims ( the adherents ! ), 
  in denmark . 
  that is the islamophobia i am talking about . 
  would n't you describe 50 % of the general population being racist a problem ? 
  you see , it is difficult for people to differentiate between a religion itself , the churches , the denominations , the clergy , the congregation , cults that associate with the religion and followers of all or some of the above . 
  even though you do n't believe that islam is anything but a religion ( or ideology ) , it does encompass much more than that to many people . 
  to many islamophobes , islam is synonmyous with the whole middle east , including governments and people . 
  even though christians and jews live there as well . 
  the racist , or islamophobe is not rational . 
  and often not well informed . 
  they simply do n't care or differentiate . 
  hate works that way . 
  people are blind to subtle differences when strong emotions come into play . 
   or between an inherent trait and a chosen ideology ? 
  most people are born into an area where there is a religion . 
  jews and muslims get their penis skinned while they are babies . 
  who chooses to become muslim ? 
  if people could change their skin color , would racism cease to exist ? 
  also antiziganism is not about race , but about a specific way of life . 
  romani people that choose to `` integrate '' with majority society , stop moving around and settle ( or are forced to settle ) , are not discriminated against the way romani are . 
  they might get racism , if their skin is dark . 
  just as dark skinned muslims do . 
  but that is not antiziganism . 
  so no inherent trait . 
  you are wrong when you list antiziganism to be about an inherent trait . 
  it is against a culture . 
   skin colour ( & rest of list above ) does n't come with barbaric dogma , religion does . 
  some would argue that religion is the path to salvation , some say it is a barbaric dogma . 
  personally i think you can certainly do both . 
  depending on how you interpret the scripture . 
  jews certainly have the most bloody ones of all three . 
  [ if you care to take a look at the old testament . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pt66kbymxxk ) i certainly take issue with people that interpret any scriptures in a barbaric way and use that to justify violence . 
  and if you interpret scriptures in a barbaric way , you are free to do that . 
  though i do take issue , if you use your interpretation to justify your xenophobia against muslims . 
  your islamophobia . 
  or that of other people . 
  but be my guest . 
  interpret any text as you will . 
  but do n't expect all muslims to do the same . 
   desires of theocracy are a huge problem worldwide yes . 
  but they are dwarved by other problems . 
  unfortunately . 
  if we only had theocarcy to worry about , the world would be such a nice and peaceful place . 
  take a look here : http://necrometrics.com/ in the 20th century the ideologies that were used to justified killing enormous amounts of people were either really evil ( fascisem ) or even really good ( communism ) . 
  it does n't really matter , imho . 
  though when it comes to mass death , religion is n't even in the top 20 , i think . 
  you can check , if you want . 
  in this century the most gruesome shit currently happens in and around the drc . 
  and yes , one of the parties invovled ( the infamous kony of the lord 's resitance army ) is christian and interprets christianity in his own , very brutal way . 
  but a lot of other parties manly exploit the ancient tribal or ethnic differences in the region for mass slaughter and mass rapings . 
  soooo . 
  [ even when it comes to terrorism in europe , islam is n't really an issue . ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) . 
  lgbt rights ? 
  in europe , [ lgbt have other stuff to worry about . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22671572 ) the resurgence of right wing populists is a culture that includes islamophobia as well as homophobia . 
  muslims are a mostly powerless minority . 
  they ca n't harm lgbt the way the majority can . 
  you said :  islam has a much higher body count than all of those combined when i went through the 20 or so largest causes of mass murder in the 20th century . 
  we are talking about more than 50 million people here . 
  at least . 
  if you sum them up . 
  read the thread again . 
  i was merely asking you to explain how you arrive at such a high body count ? 
  why is that so difficult ? 
  just say why you think islam killed more than 50 million people over the last couple centuries . 
  or how . 
  i am not defending islam per se , btw . 
  i am just trying to get some fucking perspective . 
  putin for example . 
  he is a real sob . 
  yet , if you compare him to assad , the body count clearly favours him . 
  he is n't as bad as the ruler of syria . 
  by a long shot . 
  yet i would not defend putin . 
  so in this instance , i am not defending islam . 
  i am merely trying to get some insight into what your reasoning is . 
  that is how terrorism works . 
  if you could n't use it for all kinds of stuff , people would forget about it and it would n't be a useful political tool for so many parties , including the terrorists . 
  media uses terrorism to sell more papers and get more views . 
  politicians use it to advance their agenda . 
  the security industry uses it to sell stuff . 
  the military uses it to justify defense spending . 
  there is so much stuff you can do with spreading fear . 
  fear is a very powerful emotion for politicians to influence people . 
  i would say the most powerful one . 
  what ? 
  again , how ? 
  is there a higher murder rate in islamic countries ? 
  nope . 
  nothing significant ? 
  diseases traced back to religious practices or rules ? 
  nope . 
  hunger and poverty ? 
  yes , but take a look at africa . 
  while islamic might not be at the top , they are neither at the bottom . 
  after all , if all people lived like europeans , the world could n't sustain that . 
  our livestyle , as good as it feels , is unsustainable , if more people were to join it .
