  which is , again , pretty much what the us have been doing when they thought they needed to . 
  or other `` great powers '' , such as china , russia and the us . 
  the uk , otoh has a pretty good standing with their former colonies and does not seem to need to use their gurkhas as often . 
  but in security matters they fall in line with the us . 
  always . 
   had americans invaded my country , i would kill as many americans as i possibly could , would n't you ? 
  if you would know a little about history , you would know that the us , in fact , did invade my country . 
  but i do n't want to kill americans . 
  and i never wanted to , even though they are still here . 
  and they did n't even invade , in order to preemt an invasion of the uk , like germany did to norway , when we invaded norway , so the uk would n't do that . 
  btw . 
  since we invaded your country , do you want to kill germans ? 
  any two countries can be forced into a military cooperation . 
  just think of stalinist russia and the us . 
  this will only last as long as the mutual threat lasts . 
   positive signs of increased security/defence cooperation are visible baby steps ...  where are you drawing your assumption from that france will turn on the uk in order to please china ? 
  i am interested . 
  that is a pretty outlandish claim on my part . 
  if those baby steps you mentioned continue to be baby steps ( the euro crisis can go both ways ... ) , we will be faced with china , as a new global superpower , knocking on our doors at some point . 
  and since the us and the uk are always cooperating so well , france could decide to strengthen their ties to china in order to `` balance things out '' . 
  i am just hallucinating what could happen if we europeans do n't get our act together . 
  and even though we do have some positive signs , we always had them . 
  and they never led to anything substantial . 
   quite opposite views on the overall role of csdp and nato in european security and defence affairs true dat , but i was n't even talking about that . 
  i was talking about the outright rivalry in africa and asia . 
  they do n't have opposite or competing views , but they compete with each other trying to further their perceived national interest . 
  and maybe they are slowly growing up . 
  things can always change . 
  though i have not seen two former superpowers ever entering a meaningful alliance . 
  just look at portugal and spain . 
  they lost their superpower status about 100 to 150 years before france and england . 
  and while they are cooperating , like england and france are on a limited basis , they are not working together for common goals . 
  there is a us global security strategy . 
  and china is slowly forming their global security strategy . 
  and there is cooperation . 
  for example between england and the us . 
  which is , in reality , much closer than the cooperation between france and england . 
  i doubt england and france will be having anything meaningful in a commen global security strategy before china is stationing their blue water navy in the indian ocean and beyond . 
  and even then , they will bicker as always and go behind each others back trying to please the us ( england ) to get a better deal and/or please china ( france ) . 
  but it looks like i am unable to counter the european reddit hivemind hope that there is such a thing as a common foreign policy . 
  there are way not enough people with real diplomatic experience or observation here . 
  one more treaty vs hundreds of years of tradition . 
  all the way up to today . 
  while the complex security relationship between europe and the us towards foreign countries ( think european invovlement in afghanistan and iraq for example ) is interesting to discuss , i think it misses a big point : there is no europe when it comes to global security ( diplomacy with and without gunboats ) . 
  mainly because the uk and france still think of themselves as rivals in asia and afrika . 
  and germany kinda stands around not knowing what to do . 
  that is the main reason whare there is no european global security strategy . 
  there is only an english , a french and a german one . 
  lots of times a government from a small african or asian nation will have a diplomatic discussion with european nations on matters such as security , trade or whatever and will be told one thing by france , the opposite by the uk and something entirely different by germany . 
  the only sensible thing this government can do is to ignore the europeans and stop asking them for advice . 
  the headline is already wrong . 
  europe ca n't `` stick to itself '' . 
  there is no self . 
  this is part of the reason why europe always does what the us wants . 
  divide et impera . 
  you could argue that the us does n't cause it , they just benefit from it . 
  i am not sure about all of this , though . 
  i think the main reason is england and france not being able to cooperate , because they want to keep their colonies to themselves . 
  i know perfectly well the many faults of us foreign policy both recent and in the distant past . 
  and what kind of crap they are currently doing . 
  but the fact still stands that they are pretty much in our camp and keep stability in a lot of places . 
  europe as it is today , with eu integration of the baltic states and countries such as bulgaria and rumania would not be possible without the us . 
  and , even today , a collapse of the military might of the us would spell huge problems for europe . 
  we might even loose the baltic states to russian pressure and would have to invest a lot of money into our military . 
  stability both in europe and in east asia ( china ) would be out the window . 
  yes , the bad americans call the shots . 
  and those are n't always the best . 
  but because they spend so much money on military , we do n't have to . 
  and for a large part what the americans do is also in our interest . 
  surely not all of it . 
  after all , they call the shots and do what is in their interest . 
  but there is a fair amount of overlap . 
  the us constitution is an extreme case . 
  government systems usually do n't last that long . 
  the us have been extraordinarily stable over the last two centuries . 
  greece , which is currently crumbleing economically is also showing signs of political instability . 
  the greek democracy is not even 30 years old . 
  and possibly wo n't last 30 years at all . 
  every time you have a new system of government , you can easily write a new constitution . 
  currently some economic data looks worse than before wwii . 
  even in the us , there was a possibility of a military coup in the early 30s because of grave economic conditions . 
  you are worrying what happens in a hundred years ? 
  i am thinking of next year . 
  possibly the next decade . 
  remember what europe looked like a hundred years ago ? 
  europe needs to be popular . 
  and we totally need transparency . 
  transparency is what kept the us stable for so long . 
  and a cornerstone of transparency is clear language without obfuscation . 
  btw . 
  if you ask a history professor that is not a right wing nutjob , they will tell you precisely what a `` well regulated militia '' meant and means . 
  but the us were built on different values . 
  not on asking history professors on what the constitution means . 
  everyone in that time understood what it meant . 
  everyone that had a vote and mattered . 
  those were different times . 
  these things need to be updated . 
  if you gave me a german legal document from the 18th century , i probabely had huge problems understanding a single word . 
  the big problem comes with idiots trying to apply a more than two centuries old document and applying it word by word ( thus adding their own misguided interpretation ) . 
  same goes for the bible , the quran and other such texts , btw .
