  so when it comes to islamophobia and people that are islamophobes , muslims are part of islam . 
  not only their ideology . 
  islamophobia is mostly about hating muslims . 
  not their religion . 
  after all , danish people want to limit the amount of muslim people that come to denmark . 
  not the amount of islam dogma . 
  why am i defending myself ? 
  you make absolutely no sense . 
  please explain your position . 
  i certainly explained ( and sourced ) mine enough . 
   keep repeating the same boy oh boy i do :-(, 
  you keep posting that islam is a mere ideology . 
  and i explained , more than once , that a religion is more than an ideology . 
  it is the very beginning of the definition . 
  why do you get mad ? 
  and why do you post that ** i ** am being thick ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  we have been over this . 
  not once , but twice : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cplgt1s http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cpjsnpz and those are merely comments where i linked to the respective source in wikipedia . 
  we were done with this one before that . 
  i had to repeat myself ( and inlcuded the quote in disbelieve , because i could n't fathom the fact that i needed to quote the first sentence in the wikipedia article on a basic word we all use ) already . 
  can you understand my frustration ? 
   you just keep arguing the same shit you were the one bringing up the supposed special difference between homphobia and racism on the one and islamophobia on the other hand . 
  because of genetics . 
  even though we repeadetly went to anti-semitism as a xenophobic sentiment based on culture . 
  and i linked to the same thing again in rationalwiki that talked about the cultural aspects of anti-semitism as opposed to a genetic trait . 
  and just like that , you ` forget ' everything and come back with this asinine point . 
  you also * again * called islam a mere ideologie . 
  even though we went over this . 
  islam encompasses people . 
  as well as so much other shit . 
  we have been over this . 
  do you understand my frustrations in argueing with you ? 
  why do n't you tell me what you dissaprove of in the rationalwiki definition of islamophobia : http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/islamophobia i did n't want to make dutroux an analogy for islam . 
  i simply wanted to give you an example . 
  there are ugly features to complex and vast things . 
  always . 
  you can define these things by their ugly features or you can try to take a look at the whole picture . 
  you linked to an article ? 
  i must have missed that . 
  and no , i do n't think talking heads like bill maher and actors like rowan atkinson are good sources . 
  you do n't see me quoting heidi klum or bill o'reilly . 
  i do n't think those are good sources . 
  i am sorry , if you think this is in bad faith , if i attack sources or your style of argumentation . 
  but first you say i am in the minority and * everyone else * is with you , but when i quote wikipedia , you say it is populist and the majority of people are religious and stupid . 
  you keep coming back to a small circle of people that attack islam . 
  yes there are populists that do this . 
  and this is rather easy . 
  islam has really ugly features . 
  anything so huge and diverse has . 
  i can talk all day about the horrible belgian marc dutroux and ignore everything else about belgium . 
  yes , religion has a lot of influence on the world . 
  and a lot of that is bad . 
  just like any other major influence upon the world . 
  i listed communism and fascism ( both non religious ) , which had arguably worse effects , but you did n't like that comparison for some reason . 
  and after that i offered capitalism . 
  and again , you refused . 
  do you remember those ? 
  do you think islam does more damage to the world than capitalism ? 
  i explained at length that you have to differentiate between the hater and the subject . 
  on the one hand you have the muslim , who may or may not have idea that you do n't like . 
  very well so . 
  i am personally very opposed to a lot of things a muslim believes in . 
  but i am not against the person . 
  i disagree with you . 
  but i do n't hate all belgians for that . 
  i might even dispise a certain person . 
  like hitler . 
  not only oppose their views , but hate the person . 
  but that does n't make me hate all germans . 
  not even all nazis . 
  even if i strongly object to their views . 
  on the other hand you have the hater . 
  the islamophobe . 
  that person want muslims not to come to europe . 
  they want to restrict their freedoms . 
  for the hater , the subject is , as i explained again and again , exchangeable . 
  those people you quote may have a personal beef with islam . 
  and they may have valid points . 
  but as i also explained also they are fanning the fires . 
  and those fires also burn other minorities . 
  lgbt among them . 
   the main reason why comparing religions to homosexuality and races is stupid ( as well as homophobic and racist ) , though is that religions have tenets . 
  however you want to call it . 
  so what ? 
  islamophobes do n't differentiate . 
  they hate muslims . 
  they do n't care about dogma . 
   religions are ideologies and should be treated as such you even made that one bold , even though i repeadetly proved to you , that this is wrong . 
  please read our exchange again . 
  i think you are the one argueing in bad faith . 
  because even though i disproved all your main arguments , you keep coming up with the same stuff again and again . 
  i do n't know if you do n't read what i write , keep forgetting it , or do n't comprehend . 
  but you make it very difficult for me . 
  i do n't think you really understand what you are talking about . 
  i do n't think most of the people you are listing would really support your points . 
  as i already said . 
  one of the cornerstones of your arguments was that people are n't born into islam . 
  ayaan hirsi ali said the opposite . 
  i am not sure any of the people you are listing would make fun of the existence or dangers of islamophobia .
