   an example of contra 's are : there might be jihadists among those 1 % or maybe those 1 % will all vote in our democratic system towards anti democratic sentiment . 
  since when do political asylum seekers get to vote ? 
  dude !, 
  you really , really need some basic understanding of the laws and regulations involved in immigration and asylum , before joining such a debate . 
   just because you happen to be pro , does n't mean the contra camp does n't have good points too . 
  my comments were not about immigration . 
  i merely explained the concept of racism , because there was confusion on that issue . 
  maybe your comment was n't meant for this thread at all ? 
  did you misclick ? 
   then they 're confirming the stereotypes which leads to racism . 
  which is sad . 
  but in a way , unavoidable . 
  racists will be racists and will always seek out confirmation , as is explained in the article about cognitive bias . 
  and racists will always find videos like that . 
  you can find violent videos of any kind of people on liveleak . 
   so one type of racism is worse because it hurts one side more than the other ? 
  humans tend to judge not only by intent , but also by outcome . 
  one example : if someone talks on their mobile phone while driving , we say this is bad , but if they cause an accident , because they were talking on their mobile , we say this is worse . 
  and if they kill someone while driving and talking on their mobile phone it is even worse . 
  same thing ( talking on mobile while driving ) , but three different outcomes . 
  another example : people like hitler and stalin are condemned not only because they were horrible people , but also because their position allowed them to commit genocide . 
  if they had been horrible people in a lower position , like , for example idi amin in uganda , they would be considered less bad . 
  but this is only a small part of my explanation of racism and it 's effects , that does n't really apply to anything you wrote . 
  so it 's not such an important point . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_in_islam the eu has 500 mio citizen . 
  how much is an influx of less than 1 % of immigrants going to change anything , especially if those immigrants have very little influence upon society due to their low status . 
   no it is not a sterotpye it is their word that people get taught in moschees etc. 
  so we have the npd and the nsu in germany . 
  are all germans nazis ? 
  that is a negative stereotype based on a true story . 
   and if you are not german and you hit a women , or break our laws you should get out no matter what . 
  deporting people because of a minor infraction is against the constitution and values . 
  again : if you want people to respect our culture , why do n't you respect it yourself ? 
   i am sorry but if you live with someone in your own home who has totally different views , customs that are totally different and against your believes you can not tell me that it will not bothering you . 
  i am bothered by the fact that you constantly write against european culture . 
  yes . 
  but i am not trying to deport you , because of that . 
   i think everyone is the same and should be treated the same . 
  wait what ? 
  you rail against the german constitution , but expect foreigners to follow it . 
  you think you should be treated different . 
  that is the exact opposite of what you write here . 
   however if a person can not bfollow the rules or laws of this country especially as a refugee `` especially as a refugee '' ? 
  that means refugees should be treated different . 
  dude , you are either a bigot or an idiot . 
   only white people are bigots ? 
  [ i explained this better here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3noerf/german_antiislam_group_vents_fury_at_merkel_over/cvq54i7 )  a minority that unites and shares a common goal can get in power which is why i used the example of apartheid era south africa in my comment . 
  please read that again for reference . 
   last month alone two gay couples got beaten up in my hometown of ghent [ anti gay sentiment is a big problem . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-22671572 )  does this mean that muslims are bad people and they all should shove off ? 
  no ofcourse not , but it does give me the right to critisize islam and how it influences their way of thinking . 
  first it is not a stereotype and then it is ? 
   gay rights , women 's rights , animal rights , and human rights in general are most respected by those `` evil '' and `` racist '' white people . 
  nope . 
  we have sizable minorities with very , how should i put that , `` conservative '' views in every populance . 
   but sure , go ahead and tell us all how racist we are for not sharing your view . 
  you are racist if you are racist . 
  this has nothing to do with my views . 
  and i explained what racism is . 
  please read the comment again . 
   you 're seeing things way to extreme , how so ? 
  i simply explained the concept of racism , which many people seem to have a lot of trouble understanding . 
   no there are facts how they treat women , how they treat homosexuality that is a stereotype . 
  `` they '' ( muslims / refugees / x ) do y. 
  where x is a group and y is a negative stereotype . 
  traditionally gays were treated very well in muslim countries . 
  and in germany gays were prosecuted up to the late 60s , iirc . 
  we had hundreds of suicides because of gay shaming . 
  i do n't exactly know about the rest of europe , but in paris there were mass demonstrations against gay marriage very recently . 
  about the treatment of women : have you been to / r/mensrights recently ? 
   no ' a nazi or racism is a feel of superiority . 
  one race above all . 
  if you have concerns that some cultures do not mix well it has nothing to do with racism or being a nazi . 
  [ funny though , the `` believe that cultures do not mix well '' is very close to a concept of the `` new right '' . 
  basically it is neo nazi ideology . 
  racism trying to be different . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnopluralism )  today some people think everything is racist and quite honestly they are idiots . 
  reading your comment , i ca n't help but feel you may be simply trying to defend your racist views . 
  as i explained in my original comment , xenophobia is quite natural . 
  we all have it . 
  as i explained in a different comment , though , it mostly does n't hurt anyone . 
  [ if i think group x is bad , it wo n't effect members of group x negatively until a couple other conditions are met . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3noerf/german_antiislam_group_vents_fury_at_merkel_over/cvq54i7 ), 
   the immigrants in the video are confirming the stereotypes yes , so an individual or a couple individuals do something that confirms a stereotype . 
  at this point , you are describing a stereotype and a video . 
     but it really looks like many immigrants are as ungrateful , racist and bigoted as many expected . 
  one paragraph later you negatively stereotype immigrants as being ungrateful , racist and bigoted . 
  which is racism . 
  right there . 
   what the hell ??? 
  in your comment you were wondering , why racism is currently hotly debated in the media . 
  therefore i took the time to explain to you what racism is and when and how it negatively effects people . 
  because a lot of people do n't seem to understand racism . 
  even if all blacks in south africa during apartheid were racist against white people , it would n't have mattered to white people . 
  they were n't at a disadvantage . 
  racism did n't effect them . 
  so it was n't dangerous in any way and did n't hurt anyone . 
  the white 's racism against blacks in apartheid south africa , otoh , effected many people . 
  it 's the same with immigrants .
