  of couse a constitution needs to be updated every century , if you want people with a high school education to be able to read and understand it . 
  language evolves . 
  as well as customs and manners . 
  and a whole bunch of other stuff . 
  short and concise !, 
  transparency includes for me the the ability for common people to both read ( have the time ) and understand ( easy language ) something . 
  usually i am very much against `` dumbing things down '' or shortening things that are comlicated . 
  i always write way too long . 
  and too complicated . 
  but for important documents i firmly believe we need to invest the time and resources to make them accessible while loosing as little as possible . 
  i also believe it would be best if that was done with all important legal documents that apply to everyone . 
  i do n't know about erika steinbach . 
  though polish media and politics can get pretty hysterical ( as can the german left wing press ) , i am really not sure about her . 
  here is an interview with tomasz szarota ( german ) , in which he explains that the polish were right in not trusting steinbach . 
  no matter if she knew what she was saying back in 2010 or if she did n't . 
  she should have been sensitive enough not saying it . 
  if you do n't remember : it is about the mobilization of the polish armed forces prior to the german attack . 
  steinbach supports an author who is openly saying that was a provocation on the polish side , when , in reality , it was a reaction to the german invasion of the [ czechoslovak republic in march of 1939 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_occupation_of_czechoslovakia#the_second_republic_.28october_1938_to_march_1939.29 ) as well as [ this event ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/memelland#heim_ins_reich ) . 
  poland was right in suspecting that they would be next up for invasion . 
  everyone : please be reminded that this is still a very touchy issue . 
  at least for the following countries : poland , czech republic , russia . 
  especially poland is still very sensitive about that . 
  so much that they raised diplomatic hell over a [ proposed memorial center on forced migration for all of europe ( including everyone , not just germans ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/centre_against_expulsions ) . 
  young czechs are slowly waking up to the fact that not everything about the [ bene\u0161 decrees ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bene%c5%a1_decrees ) is fine and dandy . 
  even though this is happening very slowly , we can be glad it is happening at all . 
  though too late for many victims unfortunately . 
  russia is a different case alltogether . 
  russia suffered the most under the nazis by far . 
  if you compare the number of victims , russia always stands out . 
  the `` great war '' , is , by any definition , one of the defining events in russian modern history . 
  combine that with a weak and corrupt government that is strongly playing the nationalistic tune and a fallen superpower that is hanging on to it 's past , and you have a country with more nuclear weapons than it takes to destroy the world and that is very conscious about any attempt to redefine history . 
  a lot of stalin 's crimes against russians have been purged from russian history books over the last decade . 
  i am not telling you how to interpret historic events . 
  i am just reminding everyone that the interpretatio of history still carries a lot of political weight in the present . 
  [ edit  my grandmother on my fathers side was a nurse in wwii and when she talks about the war , she says : the russian is decent , as long as he does n't have alcohol . 
  though i will never forgive the czech or the polish . 
  they are evil . 
  i was thinking exactly the same . 
  being gay in the us or canada vs italy or serbia ? 
  yea , but i was refering to this quote :  i 'm just taking some of the shit you people smear on them and smear it on the exactly as deserving polished turds nato . 
  this was kind of weird in the context of the discussion coming from someone with a nato member flag . 
  i was refering to this quote :  i 'm just taking some of the shit you people smear on them and smear it on the exactly as deserving polished turds nato . 
  last i checked , bulgaria was a nato member country ... 
  technically both breakaway republics of georgia are independant . 
  in reality the governor of southern ossetia is a kgb officer from putins hometown . 
  i think abkhasia is closer to kosovo in that both are run by a respective mafia clan . 
   all this shitstorm started when nato went full retard and created a state called kosovo . 
  russia did not create a state called southern ossetia or abkhasia ? 
   following an aggressive action by the georgian government to suppress those people 's right to autonomy all bad , bad . 
  except that russia commited genocide in chechnya to supress people 's right to autonomy . 
  it 's not that i disagree so much with your points , it 's just a weird attitude defending russia all the while , when they are doing the same but worse ( though , i hate to admit , only a little worse ) . 
   russia does not want to `` annex '' anything . 
  when you control completely dependent satellite states , it 's not `` annexing '' . 
  but close to it . 
  russia has been almost explicitly trying to extend their former `` sphere of influence '' over as much territory as possible of what was once called the soviet union . 
  and a lot people would openly defend such undertaking . 
  and then , one morning , you wake up and realize that people are idiots . 
  exhibit a : dumb american not realizing that print on clothing has lost it 's meaning for the majority population . 
  it 's decoration . 
  it does n't matter what 's on the jacket . 
  exhibit b : upvotes for dumb american exhibit c : dumb european getting all agitated over some idiot 's comment . 
  exhibit d : dumb american never writing anything about this group 's position on trans atlantic relations . 
  they could just as likely be total us fanboys . 
  i could probabely go on forever , but i why ? 
  to all the haters out there : stupidity unites us all . 
  at least the poor sap ( rockstaticx ) you are angry at got one thing right : american culturual dominance is so persuasive and successful , that it has , over the last 50 years , become international culture . 
  globalization of culture means , for the most part , americanization of culture . 
  though i am unsure of why he thinks this relates in any way to anti-americanism . 
  anti-americanism in germany largely comes from anti-semitism . 
  since the latter is not fashionable anymore , we have turned to the former . 
  his conclusion ( people are angry with the us , because they love the us and see it failing ) is so far out of whack , it 's almost scary . 
  but it 's kinda nice . 
  it 's like saying the slave owners loved their slaves so much that they wanted slavery to stay legal so they could keep them close to their heart . 
  nice and heartwarming . 
  we all love america so , so much . 
  and that 's how you ride the karma train . 
  religious extremist minister from the middle east refuses to shake hand with colleague from europe , because she is a woman . 
  why is this news ? 
  right , because this is israel , the supposed bastion of western democracy and way of life . 
  well , it looks like israel has finally arrived . 
  even though her point might be very valid ( i am very concerned about the current state of the ukraine as well ) , these `` brandings '' lose a lot of their might , when you contrast them with the german/eu/nato position on countries such as saudi arabia ( taliban but rich with oil ) or african dictatorships that i am too lazy to name right now . 
  you are right . 
  but please consider that i did not write anything about someone voting them ( ruling elite ) into office . 
  and who would be to blame for that . 
  i do n't know enough about greek history to make any judgement beyond a couple years anyways . 
  afair they had a military dictatorship not too long ago . 
  i do n't see the fdp getting real right wing votes ( gay & asian ppl ) , but they might try that again sometime . 
  actually right and left do n't make much sense these days . 
  so saying racist / tough on immigrants and crime would be more suitable i guess . 
  i do n't know about other continents , but over here in europe we have a consistent radical right wing voter potential ( people that would vote for a radical right wing party ) of about 20-25 % . 
  depending on the circumstances one or several parties can claim those votes . 
  or these people do n't vote at all . 
  most of the time , this potential is not realized by right wing parties for several reasons . 
  for example their extreme incompetence . 
  or that there are several of them . 
  another would be the center right party making statements and taking action trying to please that particular electorate . 
  france is a very good example . 
  they have jean marie le pen , who got 23 % ( not sure ) in one presidential election . 
  and just this election sarkozy tried to move to the right with some extreme statements about immigrants in order to gain some of those votes in order to beat the socialist hollande . 
  in germany the late legendary csu leader franz josef strauss stated that there must never be a viable right wing party next to the csu .
