  the investment banker grabs 29 and then tells / u/alexthexander : `` the refugee wants your cookie . '', 
  dude !, 
  wtf !, 
  if you want to get out of some place , where are you supposed to go without getting in somewhere ? 
  were those people supposed to stay between greece and macedonia ? 
  they already had a humanitarian crisis going . 
  why are people posting so much inane shit ? 
  i get it . 
  the refugee crisis is difficult , but that does n't mean we have to be idiots . 
  almost the whole world has a refugee crisis . 
  and a lot of countries have a lot more refugees than europe does . 
  how exactly is greece supposed to `` secure '' it 's borders ? 
  what are they supposed to do ? 
  do you have any idea how the geography there is ? 
  are they supposed to put huge fences around all of their islands ? 
  dude !, 
  do n't be a fucking idiot . 
  also : do n't suggest shit like killing or injuring immigrants . 
  and do n't start shit about `` sending them back '' . 
  where ? 
  libya ? 
  did you forget about the bombings on the libyan government by european countries ? 
  gaddafi was totally willing to `` host '' internment camps for refugees trying to reach europe . 
  but we decided to bomb the genocidal maniac . 
  maybe because a sizable chunk of / r/europe and the general european population has sympathy for these guys and their causes ? 
  they do n't come from nowhere . 
  [ hyperbolic ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3gxxsz/meta_the_way_the_mods_treat_the_megathread_is_a/cu2kzii ), 
   very few people here in germany today are racist bullshit . 
  the world is full of racists and germany is n't any better . 
   they would just appreciate it if the people they have opted to share their home with do n't trash the place just like the jews back then , those cockroaches just ca n't behave themselves . 
  better start cleaning up the place , then ? 
  nsu , npd and pegida to the front ? 
  racists open their own subs . 
  then reddit the company can deal with them . 
  or not . 
  as with / r/coontown downvote me to hell all you want . 
  just because racism is suddenly popular in europe again does n't make it any less racist or any good . 
  i am from germany . 
  hitler was very , very popular over here . 
  i have the stories from my own grandmother . 
  and everyone from back then claims again and again that it was n't really all bad and someone had to discuss the jew problem and so on . 
   what do you find so hard to comprehend ? 
  i seriously wonder . 
  i read a lot of comments in this thread and [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/comics/comments/3gm1u5/all_are/ ) applies to almost all of them . 
  is europe really going off the deep end , because some of the wars we are causing produce a couple migrants ? 
  it 's like 2008 never happened and migrants are responsible for europe 's problems . 
  never mind ttip . 
  in germany we have this joke : a banker , an average / r/europe commentator and an asylum seeker sit at a table with 30 cookies . 
  the banker takes 29 and tells the / r/europe commentator : `` watch out for the asylum seeker , he is going to take your cookie . '', 
  which does n't only apply to the us , of course . 
  it becomes such a visible us issue , because us companies dominate the internet . 
  but corporate interest trumps human rights in the eu as well . 
  ttip , for example , is often discussed as a trade agreement . 
  but you can also view it as a way for big business to extend their rights against democratic governments on both sides of the atlantic . 
   they 're above gays trans and women in the opression rankings . 
  on reddit : no . 
  irl : yes . 
  that little collection you posted here . 
  you keep that ? 
  you post that a lot ? 
  is that your little proof that muslims are out to get us and that they are protected by dumb lefties like me while having an evil agenda ? 
   why is it always that muslims get immunity ? 
  they do n't . 
  do you happen to read / r/europe ? 
  muslims are currently at the bottom of the pecking order , i think . 
  even below the greedy , baby-killing-in-gaza , jews . 
  why do you think individuals should be immune to criticism because they 're racist ? 
  define irony : hate onto a religious group because some of them hate a different religious group . 
  * small group of improvished people ( religion a ) make threats against other groups of improvished people ( religion b ) . 
  shame on them . 
  in fact : shame on all of religion a. deport all of religion a !, 
  or at least , restrict immigration of religion a. 
  do something , anything , against religion a. 
  do n't just threaten them . 
  [ comment redacted ]  why do you think individuals should be immune to criticism because they 're muslim ? 
  at first i thought you meant your comment literally . 
  since any discussion about this incident can never be about individuals , and certainly is n't in this thread , i have to assume you were being ironic . 
  though judging by the downvotes for my and the upvotes for your comment , i assume i was n't the only one that got this wrong at first . 
  it 's the muslim two-minutes-hate again , already ? 
   the pm does n't have the power to pass laws anyway . 
  i thought the bailout agreement includes `` consulting '' about executive decisions as well . 
  i must admit i am not an expert on the greek government system . 
  care to enlighten me ? 
   this consulting with the eu refers to draft legislation , not legislation passed by the greek parliament . 
  so they have to ask the eu before they may even discuss a law , much less pass it . 
  that is smart , if you want to hide the fact that you have a shadow government . 
   the eu can not prevent the greek parliament from passing any laws , this rule simply requires tsirpas to inform them about what he intends to propose to the parliament and to take their feedback into account . 
  exactly . 
  tsipras , or any other part of the government ca n't even discuss new measures with the press , much less the parliament without approval from the eu first . 
  anything that has approval from the eu may later be discussed and may , at some point , even become a law or a measure . 
  the shadow government starts much earlier in the political process . 
  if the eu was to include a measure to prevent laws from being passed in parliament , you would have a huge outcry about a powerful eu meddleing in greek affairs if the eu was to use their power at that very last stage of the political process . 
  the way it is currently introduced is much smarter . 
  they are basically censoring the lawmaking process . 
  please explain how you see this different . 
  almost every piece of legislation has at least some kind of impact on the budget , which , in turn , effects the fullfillment of the conditions of the bailout . 
  can we agree on that ? 
  it means that it would effect almost every law and executive decision . 
  we may disagree on what `` consult with the eu '' means . 
  i would argue it effectively constructs a shadow government that can block any law it wishes to , rendering tsipras a pm in name only , which makes the headline of the article somewhat questionable , since an approval of the bailout will result in a pm without real powers .
