  you may have a different opinion on that . 
  i respect that . 
  but about the measures that fall under the bailout provisions , i would say i am right . 
  afaik the conditions for the bailout include that every new law and every executive decision needs to be reviewed and approved by the eu before being introduced into parliament or even publicly discussed or shared with anyone . 
  which amounts to an eu government by bureaucrats . 
  the same guys that went full austerity that did n't help . 
   so it matters . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) the hysteria over it will only lead to bad things . 
  9/11 was bad , yes . 
  but the hysteria over it was used to go to war in afghanistan and iraq , leading to trillions of dollars lost in property and hundreds of thousands of lives lost . 
  and political instability . 
  yes , there was a terrorist attack , but the number of people killed is very small compared to , for example , the number of people currently dying from lack of medical care in greece , because eurocrats forced the greek government to basically shut down a large part of the greek medical system . 
  there is a huge crisis going on every day . 
  but all i am hearing is a call for an increase in police and intelligence budgets and a further eroding of privacy laws , even though we know that those do n't help against terrorism . 
  this whole debate is upside down , because idiots lose their heads . 
  and we apparently have a lot of idiots . 
  you are discussing a different issue now . 
  this is also not about winning . 
  another , unrelated complication , preventing any kind of discourse . 
   it seems you are . 
  i guess we disagree then . 
    i never said anything like that . 
  that is a staw man , if there every was one . 
   then what exactely do you mean when you relativise shit like this then ? 
     u wot ? 
  so rape should be tolerated because the person who committed the crime might not think that it is a crime ? 
  how tolerant of you ... 
  if i write , that someone thinks the holocause is ok , then you write that i think the holocaust should be tolerated ? 
  you are deliberately misinterpreting and misrepresenting my comments . 
  the fact that you doubled down on this shows , that this was clearly not a mistake . 
  there is absolutely no point whatsoever to even try to discuss anything with you under these circumstances for several independant reasons . 
  this is n't a discussion . 
  i ca n't help you , i do n't want to help you , if you do n't understand the `` 0 rape cases '' issue , it is n't my fault . 
  you were taking a very extreme example and applying it widely to something else , because you feel it has a lose connection . 
  am i very much off here ? 
   you are literally inventing things i never said you went in defense of a comment that is deleted . 
  there is little basis for this discussion anyways . 
  your comment is/was very xenophobic , especially in the context of the original , now deleted post . 
   what about that there have been numerous years where there were literally 0 white on black rapes ? 
  either you are stormfront , or you get your statistics from stormfront . 
  either way , i am shaking with fear that people like you are upvoted in / r/europe . 
  the background of this ( and your similar statistics ) is that white on black violence is neither reported nor convicted . 
  if people ca n't guess why that might be , i can neither help you nor anyone else . 
  250 million people in the us and 0 white on black rapes for a whole year !, 
  your point was that there is nothing racist there , yet everything you write here is racist . 
   just an example of swedish left wing media you mean like breivik is an example of people like you ? 
  did you read the whole thing ? 
  because that is exactly how things work . 
  i was referring mostly to police statistics , which are often used as a basis for any crime statistics . 
  but my points can also be applied to other crime statistics . 
   so rape should be tolerated i never said anything like that . 
  that is a staw man , if there every was one . 
  calling something by it 's name is wrong ? 
   not racist , just common sense . 
  demons come from hell , come again , please ? 
  one case is a statistic ? 
  it is a heavy accusation against the danish justice system that some of them may think similar to / r/europe ? 
  martial rape was n't a crime in germany until 1997 . 
  this depends on the type of crime you count . 
  petty theft decreases , tax fraud increases . 
  things like spousal abuse stays the same throughout the income groups . 
  police statistics are hampered by severe problems anyways . 
  often times you count suspects or convictions . 
  if the police are already profiling and the justice system is racist , you already have strongly biased data . 
  one example : if i believe black people are more prone to carry drugs , i will check them more frequently . 
  in germany we have very sound proof that the police will engage in drastic profiling against blacks . 
  imagine 5 % of the population carries drugs , regardless of skin color . 
  5 % of the population is black . 
  until now , everything is even . 
  in said example in germany they checked every black person they came across for drugs . 
  but there are n't many black people in germany . 
  let 's pretend , for our example , that they check 20 blacks ( every black guy they come across ) and 20 white people alongside . 
  by chance ( 5 % in general population ) , they will catch 1 black and 1 white person during their shift . 
  in the crime statistics , they will have caught 1 black and 1 white person with drugs , even though only 5 % of the population is black . 
  proportionally they are now massively overrepresented in this crime statistic . 
  from the statistic , you could now deduce that black people are more prone to carry drugs than white people . 
  the more police believes their own statistics the more they will trust their profiling . 
  this goes for theft as well . 
  if they hunt for minority suspects , they will get more minority suspects . 
  the more racial profiling the police applies for any crime including drug crime , the more biased suspects and convictions will be . 
  since we know that german police engages in a lot of racial profiling , we know that suspect and conviction rates are biased . 
  yes , they only convict guilty people ( if the judge is n't also biased ) , but using racial profiling will get you more black guilty people into the courtroom , as i have shown in my simple example above . 
  which in turn will increase the trust in racial profiling . 
  it works , after all . 
  though maybe not in the way they think . 
  you only count reported crime . 
  there are lots and lots of reasons why crimes may go unreported in the first place . 
  independant seperate ones . 
  easy examples : an illegal immigrant will not report a crime , because they ca n't talk to police . 
  male victims of rape wo n't report at all . 
  there is great debate on the dark figure of child abuse . 
  some respected experts put the reported number of cases at only 10 % or less . 
  for drug crimes themselves , there are usually no victims as such . 
  only producers , dealers and consumers . 
  none of them will report a crime . 
  the police will only catch drug offenders , when they are actively looking , making drug `` crime '' essentially save for people and in places the police does n't expect it . 
  cocaine is so expensive , that most of it is consumed in cicumstances the police wo n't investigate , for example . 
  prostitution is similar . 
  those are just a few examples off the top of my head .
