  a little beating up ? 
  killing ? 
  or just `` sending them where they belong '' ? 
   are you denying the clear relationship for example between immigration and crime ? 
  i am sure you would agree that increased crime increases police expenses . . 
  so you just dropped healthcare , welfare and unemployment , because you know it is racist bullshit . 
  this whole thing is not about immigrants . 
  it 's about you . 
  racism is not about the intended victims . 
  those are subject to change . 
  racism is about the perpetrator . 
  you have a problem . 
  but you are not alone . 
  and that ( among other socioeconomic factors ) , is one of the main reasons for your statistics . 
  police are racist , too . 
  so immigrants do n't seek help from police . 
  they are much more likely to be victimized . 
  mostly by people they come in contact with . 
  and because of racism and non integration , those are also immigrants . 
  it 's a world with less state control . 
  hence more crime . 
  all thanks to you and your fellow police racists . 
  you do n't have any idea what you are talking about . 
  you are one of the reasons for this thread . 
  please do n't mention states ' rights . 
  that was used back in the 1860s and the 1960s to veil racism and is now used in another new civil rights issue on gay marriage . 
  which , btw . 
  does not carry the same rights in most european countries . 
  i totally share your sentiment . 
  our western values are totally surperior . 
  though i do know the values . 
  and they include respect for other cultures , no xenophobia , freedom and tolerance . 
  you either take the whole package or nothing . 
  that 's the thing . 
  there is no such thing as disrepecting muslims for their inferiour culture , because that is not what our values are about . 
  you should totally watch star trek . 
   immigration increases unemployment rate and police , healthcare and social ( welfare ) system strain . 
  and again , nope !, 
  dude , you are a fucking asshole racist . 
  stop shitting around !, 
  seriously !, 
  that 's the thing about perception . 
  the us has an incredible transparency culture . 
  every problem get 's a lot of airtime . 
  racism as well . 
  so the us looks like it 's racist , when in reality , it 's probabely the least racist place in the world . 
  by far . 
  together with other immigrant countries such as canada and australia . 
   if you are in my country you are going to have to live according to my rules that 's a pretty fascist attitude right there . 
  majority decides what 's good . 
  and everyone has to abide . 
  freedom be damned . 
   when the economy shits itself , its natural and completely ok to start primarily looking after your own , and curb the immigration from the pre-crisis levels down , since we can no longer afford it . 
  its actually the rational thing to do , just like you wont invite other persons to lunch when your family barely has food to eat , but only when you have plenty . 
  dude , immigration has nothing to do with spending . 
  that racist bullshit you are spewing here is exactly the shit op is talking about . 
  recently jewish leaders in germany warned about the rise of anti-semitism and racism ( including islamophobia ) in mainstream germany . 
  i do n't think this problem is limited to reddit . 
  there is a general rise of xenophobia in europe . 
  and xenophobia , afaik , is not about the target , but about the source . 
  people feel threatened by uncertainty . 
  or , in the case of greece , they are desperate and on the verge of collapse . 
  in germany we had this before . 
  and unfortunately went the way of the perfect storm . 
  nothing like this will happen again , i hope ( and i firmly believe ) . 
  but the rise of fascism came right after the economic collapse of 1929 . 
  and we recently had a similar economic shock . 
  history repeating itself . 
  happened before . 
  will happen again . 
  thank you . 
  that is the whole point . 
  there are many kinds of marriages . 
  and many kind of divorces . 
  there is no evidence that domestic violence is worse in arranged marriages . 
  or that there is more divorce . 
  i would say that arranged marriages are a lot more legitimate than mailorder brides . 
  something people frown upon here in europe , but that are commonplace . 
  often times there are difficult visa issues that put a lot of pressure on the women . 
  i am still trying to guess what you are trying to find out . 
  it would be helpful if you could boil it down to 5 lines of text or less . 
   i do think that islamic radical feel much closer to the mainstream religion in general though just like there are different christian churches , there are different muslim `` churches '' . 
  maybe you stumble upon a major difference . 
  while the amish and other , similar strict and conservative christian churches also limit the rights of their women and such , they are not very big . 
  they do n't have much money . 
  saudi arabia otoh has a monarchy that depends on their religion ( which is disgustingly backwards ) for their power . 
  it 's a monarchy just like in the middle ages with christianity . 
  there you have all your backwards society living like 1000 years ago . 
  and all the stereotypes of islamophobic people are real over there . 
  i am not shitting . 
  they ** are ** as bad as the taliban and sometimes worse . 
  they were the main source of income of the taliban and the ideological backbone . 
  unfortunately the wahhabi are not some backwater christian church like the westboro baptist church , but through their intimate relationship with and important role in the saudi arabian state , they receive huge support and money . 
  they fund a lot of activities all over the world . 
  and some elements of them turn violent to the outside world . 
  because of perceived interference with their land ( us soldiers in the country of mecca and medina ) . 
  so the radicals are much closer to a mainstream muslim denomination . 
  mainly because one `` mainstream '' muslim denomination is totally out of whack . 
  and they are so much more radical than the shia of iran , where even schooled religious scholars are starting to realize that mixing religion and government might not be the best idea . 
  iran is ruled these days by a corrupt elite from the pasdaran .
