  the armed guards that the clerics put in place to guard their revolution have long taken over . 
  as backwards as the catholic church still is , it can make progress much faster due to having a leader at the top calling the shots . 
  they could , but they do n't . 
  democracies also sometimes long for the fast and efficient administration of a dictatorship . 
  but they do n't want some wahabist to `` lead '' islam . 
  most muslims are fairly modern these days . 
  the pace of change is so frightingly fast , that a lot of people all over the world cling to conservative traditions . 
  i wonder if a modern pope would have more difficulty than the current one because of this . 
  you generalize a lot and also assume a lot about people and churches . 
  [ edit : i guess i am also 100 % guilty of that , though ] . 
  those radical muslims do n't sit back in regular mosques . 
  they have their own circles . 
  if they come to regular islamic service , people will usually spot them for their extreme rethoric . 
  they even get reported for this stuff . 
  happens all the time . 
  your hangup on radicals trying to fit in is not really justified . 
  yes they dream up a new sharia based state spanning all the way from morocco to indonesia . 
  a new islamic superstate . 
  like the old one , but bigger . 
  it 's part of their `` thing '' . 
  but radical muslims also have a lot of other hangups . 
  especially about their not so extreme brothers . 
  which is why most victims of current extremists are muslims themselves . 
  it 's sunni vs. shia , terrorist sunni killing moderate sunni , and so on and so forth . 
  most of it is about politics using religion anyways ( see sectarian violence in iraq ) . 
  i think the difference is that there never was one christian nation . 
  as opposed to the caliphate . 
  but i seriously would n't read all that much into it . 
  i do n't think it will lead to any revelation , but will confuse the issues . 
  you write a lot of stuff without quoting . 
  and you seem to dance around the issues . 
  i am sorry that i misunderstood you on some level i guess . 
  so lets bring it down to this : you believe the terrorists point to the koran as a justification and other muslims should say the koran ist wrong . 
  right ? 
  how about this : the terrorist interpretation of the koran is wrong . 
  that is what moderate muslims are saying . 
  because even the word of god needs interpretation . 
  especially when it is more than a thousand years old . 
  and as you have just witnessed by me evidently misinterpreting what you wrote , it is quite possible to easily misinterpret something that was written five minutes ago . 
   are generally part and package of shia and sunni islam across the world , regardless of circumstance you seem to suggest that muslims are pretty uniform in a lot of things . 
  maybe a lot of them would agree . 
  but the facts say otherwise . 
  there is , these days , nothing connecting some moroccon guy to some indonesian person . 
  except some phrases . 
  many persians would n't understand a single word in arabic . 
  but the koran is only read in arabic . 
  they have as much in common as the mentioned african guys have in common with you . 
   why does islam seemingly foster the creation of cults above other religions on equal footing is that so ? 
  do n't you have reports in the uk on how many people are part of some radical mosque ? 
  in germany we have . 
  and that number is far below the number of scientology members , for example . 
  but there is something to be said about role models . 
  if you are some down and out person hating the world and not understanding your hardship , you can go into a cult that has strict rules , a charismatic leader and tells you why you feel so bad and the solution to all of your problems , or you can go into a cult that has all of the above and in addition to that is world famous for such media figures as osama bin laden . 
  wow , now i do n't know what you are trying to pull here :  you 've tried to expand the issue way beyond any reasonable bounds , because i am speaking in extreme generalisations of culture surrounding religions with millions or billions of adherents , yet you are bringing up tens of specific people , events , and other circumstantial things . 
  you made very specific claims and leveled very specific accusations against muslims . 
  1 ) muslims do n't stand up to their radicals ( or even agree with them ) and 2 ) muslims live by the letter of the quaran , while christians do n't . 
  3 ) muslims do n't apologize for and/or distance themselves from fundamentalists , because they do n't think what they are doing is wrong . 
  you accused a billion or so people of stuff . 
  not me !, 
  those are serious accusations . 
  i do n't know if you realize that . 
  i do n't think you can look into the head of one person . 
  yet , you presume shit about more than a billion people . 
  especially number 3 is a very nasty accusation . 
  because it 's not even true . 
  but by saying you did n't find each and every billion muslim saying so , you can always claim they are n't . 
  this is islamophobic . 
  which is why i brought it up in the end . 
  because at some point you will come across other islamophobic points . 
   so let 's simplify this into a more level playing field . 
  forget the muslim fundamentalists in the middle east . 
  forget the christian fundamentalists in the usa . 
  forget the `` lone '' nut-jobs like breivik , and forget african warlords . 
  you ca n't take out half the world , if you want to make broad accusations against a group . 
  that 's also pretty nasty little ploy . 
  that 's the thing about islamopobics . 
  you ca n't accuse all of islam and then look at isolated stuff . 
  or excuse all of christianity by simply not aknowledging the pope ( vocal anti condom in the face of hiv , for example ) . 
   take a look at a country in europe such as the uk or germany - and compare within that country the cultural difference between the religions . 
  this is where the fairer test lies . 
  that is a very skewed look . 
  same as looking at two regions of the world and trying to explain all their culture by their religion . 
  the culture came first . 
  then came the religion . 
  santa claus is not in the bible . 
  yet he is an important part of christian culture . 
  jeses was n't born on the 24th or 25th . 
  that is the time when pagans celebrated winter heliotrope . 
  so the church adopted to the culture . 
  the ruling elite of royalty needed a religion to explain why they ruled . 
  so the church invented royal rule by grace of god . 
  and the rulers spread christianity in northern europe . 
  [ the treatment of women was there before islam ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/quotes/comments/102w6d/head_scarveshijab_and_the_second_place_status_of/ ) . 
  culture preceded religion and is conjunct with culture these days . 
  and for historical , climate , geographic and vegetational reasons different regions of the world have different culture . 
  islam is different in indonesia than in morocco . 
  there is even a culture in indonesia where women dominate . 
  it is muslim . 
  just like the rest of indonesia . 
  so far for comparisons .
