   i really do n't see direct link between the american gun culture and shooting sprees like the one in aurora . 
  that was the point of my first paragraph . 
  was i not clear about that ? 
  i already stated in my post ( germany having strict laws , but also shootings ) that this particular incident is not a good example for bad gun laws . 
  the many accidents and homicides are a much better one . 
  but statistics make a bad case in the press . 
  aurora has such nice pictures . 
  i could go on and on about stupid laws and politicians exploiting singular incidents . 
  in germany , 40.000 people die of infections every year they get in hospitals while being there , not go there because of , mind me . 
  but we still do n't have mandatory hygenics officials . 
  yet only 4000 die each year in traffic . 
  since 20 years specialists say those hygenics officials will verifiable lead to lower infection rates . 
  but nothing happens . 
  people that die in traffic ( or of a terror attack ) just make much prettier pictures . 
  and an event like aurora is all over the news . 
  statistics that measure the number of gun accidents ( cleaning , kids finding and playing with them ) are fairly often discussend imho . 
  the concept that a gun you carry is dangerous to yourself is something even most europeans have a hard time wrapping their head around . 
  i have discussed it with people i know over here often enough . 
  well , you do make it sound like a bad thing ( cowboys ) , while i believe it does make a lot of sense if you believe deep down that everyone is ultimately the master of their fate . 
  even the worst things about the us , such as their brutal and vengeful criminal justice system . 
  if we expect people to be responsible and give them a lot of freedom , we are much more inclined to be very dissapointed in them when they mess up . 
  also if we think they decide their own fate ( drunk driving , should n't have started drinking etc. 
  ) , they also bear full resonsibility for all their actions . 
  but it 's not evil or good . 
  it 's just a different outlook on life , imho . 
  how about some banking regulation ? 
  not much . 
  just a little . 
  when 2008 9 10 and 11 came and went , we gave the banks trillions of euros . 
  and we were told of all the new regulation they would be under . 
  and nothing came . 
  the banks just got a lot of free money . 
  so why should they change ? 
  just a little ( actually the right ) regulation would do the trick . 
  for the most part . 
  other than that , i ca n't give you much hope . 
  if we ca n't even get a tiny bit of new regulation on the banks in turn for the heaps of money they received , how are we supposed to change whole systems ? 
  less bureaucracy , less state employess , more flexible economies , etc. 
  this would all take a lot of work if done right . 
  it is a different basic outlook on life . 
  if you ever went there , you would understand . 
  it has amazing positive effects . 
  everyone gives you the feeling that you can achieve anything if you just try . 
  the whole country is built on that notion . 
  that is one reason why they have a lot less social unrest , even though there is a lot of social injustice . 
  that would be a negative impact . 
  over here people believe their destiny is decided by society in part , sourroundings in part and luck . 
  and a little by yourself . 
  in the us , you are master of your own destiny . 
  with all the crushing implications that come with it . 
  but also with that amazing `` can do '' spirit . 
  this particular shooting could happen anywhere . 
  in germany , where we have fairly strict gun laws , a member of a gun club recently went on a killing spree not unlike the one in aurora . 
  also this is currently the most upvoted story on aurora : http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/wys8n/jason_alexander_on_aurora/ so much for gun loving , gun toting americans . 
  as for the `` other half '' of the americans that are against gun restrictions , please consider that american culture and ideology puts a lot of emphasis on self reliance and personal responsibility . 
  a gun is a huge responsibility and very dangerous . 
  actually most dangerous to yourself ( you are much more likely to get seriously injured or killed if you carry a gun ) . 
  americans even accept that . 
  they just consider that people should be responsible and take on the responsibility , if they carry a gun . 
  over here in europe we have less of an emphasis on personal responsibility . 
    the french elite is very elitist  are you serious ? 
  i know , kinda badly worded . 
  change elite to politicians , if you want . 
  german here . 
  this is a cultural issue . 
  the french elite is very elitist and centrist . 
  france is a centrally organized country , which plays into the elitist ways of the ruling class . 
  germany is a federation . 
  local governments have always been a little critical of nuclear power . 
  after all , it is a `` not in my backyard '' kinda technology . 
  please remember that these kind of decisions are huge . 
  energy production is something really big . 
  and once you built one of those suckers ( be it nuclear , coal or whatever ) , it tends to stay for a long time . 
  personally i am not pro nuclear , but anti fossil fuels . 
  and if you want to seriously take fossile fuels off the table , you need nuclear in the mix . 
  energy is not a singular issue . 
  i believe we should n't copy france ( 70 % nuclear ) . 
  but i strongly believe we should get rid of a coal plant and not a nuclear plant when we have the choice . 
  i am all for local renewable energy . 
  german proverb . 
  literal translation : paper is patient . 
  meaning : you can write down anything you want . 
  it 's meaningless if you do n't act on it . 
  also , if in relation to old text : i can interpret anything into it . 
  the paper wo n't fight me . 
   you seem to adhere to a view on international relations that stems from realism . 
  i know you are referring to the scientific term of a specific worldview . 
  but still this does sound pretty funny `` you are talking about the real world '' . 
  i know that european cooperation is picking up . 
  but too many partners are still following their own interest . 
  to put it more blunt : as long as france thinks it 's superpower , we have a problem . 
  but that is a small issue compared to the basic difference we have with the uk over what the eu should really be in the end . 
  i dunno , but rather than an independant eu , i am used to seeing an independant france doing whatever the hell they think they ought to be doing . 
  be it the ivory coast , mali or whatever . 
  sending their legion here and there and around the world not giving a damn about the union , the americans and such . 
  they have fallen flat on their face with tunesia recently . 
  but that does n't seem to deter them . 
  so rather than promote eu cooperation on global security issues , they are simply trying to mirror the us in isolation and non-cooperation . 
  but that 's just what they do . 
  not what they are saying or signing .
