  so they would n't need to split the votes with them . 
  the cdu/csu has been trying ( for better or for worse ) to include right wing radicals as best as they could . 
  that extreme parties would be voted in is to be expected in any crisis even half as bad as the greek one . 
  the greek political system is not in crisis , because of the voters or because of the extreme party ( people will soon notice how incompetent some of them are , especially the fascists ) , but because of the ignorance , incompetence and elitism of the established parties . 
  only a handful of families have effectively been running greece for decades now . 
  and they have neither been very good at it ( which is n't saying much , many other countries are run a little better or a little worse ) , nor have they had any adequate response to the current crisis . 
  and this is the real problem here . 
  the greek political elite seem unable to handle the crisis . 
  and they were given ample time by the electorate . 
  and now the electorate will make other choices . 
  some of these choices might not be wise . 
  so what ? 
  a year or so into the crisis , a premier complained about a new tax ( he just introduced ) , like he was poor , when he was not . 
  thus making a great example for one of the root causes of the crisis . 
  rich people posing as poor to either evade taxes or even collect benefits . 
  it would have been funny , if it were n't so tragic . 
  as much as we probabely both dislike communism for various reasons , we have to admit that stalinism was a lot better than fascism ( which does n't say much , since german fascism planned to extinguish poland ) for poland after the war . 
  and stalinism ended in 1960 . 
   some poles might also like to consider that if the battle of berlin was their countrymen 's finest hour , then it should also be shared with , among others , the ordinary people of russia who did so much to bring an end to nazi tyranny . 
  i imagine that to be quite difficult , because nazi tyranny was replaced by stalin tyranny for half of europe . 
  especially the polish . 
  one thing people in germany seem to miss about the second world war is that we tried to extinguish the polish nation by killing all their intellectuals . 
  this often gets drowned out by the noise from the holocaust , which was mainly about jews . 
  and the soviets , though for other reasons and with a different ideology , acted very similar in their part of occupied poland during 1939-1941 . 
  which is hinted at in the article . 
  the idiots over at politically incorrect had a feature about her . 
  and they never even grasped the irony . 
  in germany we currently have a brazillian guy named michel telo topping the charts with [ this song ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ptwluw5a58 ) . 
  and there is a german hip hop artist currently in the top ten calling himself cro with [ his song called easy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4woolldxbdy ) . 
  to me it looks like the made the video in one big shot . 
  no cuts . 
  that 's really , really hard , if they actually did it . 
  a buyer does benefit from a subsidized product . 
  but germany is * not * giving away billions of euros to israel . 
  they are giving that money to their own industry . 
  this is a huge difference . 
  as i have pointed out in my [ comment in another subreddit ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/scpz1/why_is_germany_giving_away_billions_of_euros_to_a/c4d83h5 ) , these are subsidies to a german arms manufacturer . 
  the money is going to them . 
  germany does n't give money to israel . 
  israel gets a submarine and now pays some money for it . 
  a lot of countries subsidise their own industries for the export market . 
  there are a lot of different ways to subsidise your industry . 
  for example : europe and the us have a long history of squabble over the aircraft industry . 
  while europe has direct subsidies , the us has arms contracts with boeing , that ( in europes eyes ) greatly overpay their own industry for the arms they purchase and thus subsidises boeing . 
  this is a very sensationalist , and very wrong , headline . 
   i 'm not going to comment on your guantanamo points , because they 're not germane to this discussion . 
  there are no parallels between people locked up and forgotten because of `` terrorism '' ... 
  right . 
  this guy is an egyptian national . 
  people do n't care as much about foreign nationals in their countries . 
  if this was in germany , the same interest level would n't surprise me . 
  but because of our past , we have better checks and balances in place than switzerland and i doubt we could imprison someone that long . 
  though i might be mistaken about that . 
  anyhow . 
  it does n't really matter where those terror suspects that are innocent are locked up . 
  nobody wants them . 
  and nobody even wants to talk about them . 
  they are mainly an embarrassment . 
  when obama wanted to close gitmo he found that he ca n't . 
  even though most of the people held in gitmo are innocent , no one wants to take them . 
  their countries of origin either do n't want them , or would just lock them up themselves , the us certainly does n't want to set them free on their own territory and no other country wants to deal with them . 
  nobody really knows what to do with them . 
  so they keep them . 
  that 's why obama has stepped up the drone program . 
  better to kill them than lock them up . 
  because locking them up just creates headaches . 
  ethics ? 
   what makes you think that turkey will still need the eu then or what makes you think it needs it nowadays ? 
  your statement is a bit arrogant . 
  i am sorry if i came across as arrogant , i was trying to observational . 
  eu membership seems to have a huge draw . 
  so much that many countries reshape almost their entire political system ( domestic and foreign policy ) in order to apply . 
  if i am not mistaken , this also applies to turkey , which changed a whole bunch of laws and some institutions after eu recommendations . 
  is eu membership really worth all that ? 
  is it worth anything at all ? 
  i have no idea . 
  i guess it depends on what you want . 
  i think it is rather a vehicle for political reform . 
  a lot ( if not all ) of the eu policy recommendations to apply for eu membership are a very good idea for a modern , efficient and democratic country . 
  but you would never get those reforms done , because there is no influential demand for them . 
  political systems tend to stabilize themselves . 
  especially democratic ones . 
  destabilized countries have to go through some pretty epic stuff and still mostly cling to their systems . 
  for example mubarak has gone in egypt , but the old system still mostly prevails . 
  i always thought eu membership application is more of a way to force some modernization through political systems . 
  erdogan clearly benefits from some of the reforms afaik . 
  yes , part of the reason that turkey 's bid is being blocked clearly has to do with the religous issue , but german opposition mainly comes from the strong ties between the large turkish expat community in germany and their turkish relatives . 
  germany currently does n't need another million or two immigrants . 
  this will change , of course , throughout the decades , so we should see turkish eu membership . 
  just not in 2020 or 2025 ( as turkey would like to have it ) , but rather in 2035 or 2045 when germany needs fresh blood . 
  this is according to german national interest . 
  but if germany ceases to dominate eu politics , this could certainly change . 
  two things i would like to add . 
  1 : when cyprus was joining the eu , reunification was supposed to be condition . 
  therefore they negotiated a contract for reunification and took a vote on it . 
  northern cyprus ( aligned with turkey , not internationally recognized ) voted in favour , souther cyprus ( aligned with greece , now eu country ) voted ** against reunification ** . 
  nothern cyprus has serious economical problems because of their non existant international recognition . 
  planes only fly to and from turkey . 
  i do n't know about trade . 
  i do n't know if/how a unification of turkey and norther cyprus would help that , but there are n't that many options for the northerners after the south decided they did n't want them back .
