   perhaps you misunderstand me . 
  i will never accept islam in its current state . 
  jamilla is a liberal , westernised muslim , who believes in universal suffrage and independant womanhood . 
  if all muslims start to act like that , then ill make friends with them all . 
   i dont have a problem with muslims , i have a problem with islam . 
  it 's nice to know you do n't have a problem with blacks , just a problem with negro culture . 
  all that hip hop , their manners , their hairstyles . 
  if they could just behave like white people , you would make friends with them all . 
   a man who constantly sees ultra conservative muslims call themselves `` moderate '' . 
  which is why i drew the comparison of the word `` moderate '' with the behaviours i then described , which were not moderate . 
  i was making a point . 
  you do n't see a problem with that ? 
  redefining words in a discussion to make a point and then not telling people what you redefined and for what reason . 
  because you come across as a total racist dickwad . 
  since i have no idea what else you redefined , i should probabely stop here . 
  since i do n't know what you mean when you write something . 
  changing the meaning of words is quite difficult to follow unannounced . 
  it 's a blame game . 
  a lot of people here seem to blame the muslim community for their terrorists . 
  and they probabely blame us for having financed and trained them and then letting them loose on their societies . 
  some of them then came back and attacked us . 
  but most of them stayed there and are attacking them . 
  that 's why they have many more people killed by extremists . 
  and that 's why the majority muslim community has much more rage for us , than we have for them . 
  but it 's mostly conspiracy theory , because they are currently on the losing end of world economy . 
  either way , the guy who put them up and set them lose does deserve some blame , do n't say ? 
  if i see a crazy guy and give him a knife to start killing people , mostly people from his own community , and the guy then comes back and stabs someone from my own community , is it ok , if i blame said community for the crazy guy and the stabbing ? 
  are you talking abot rebels or religious fundamentalists ? 
  because you seem to draw a difference where there is none . 
  apart from that you also seem to not know much about the history of afghanistan up until 2002 . 
  just read up wikipedia on the last 30 year , before you continue this , please . 
  because you are making broad and unfounded accusations again , without having the slightest clue of what went really on . 
  though this seems to be a pattern , when i consider your earlier comments regarding islam . 
  right wing populism is a huge problem in this case , because it makes finding a solution harder , instead of easier , the longer you talk about it . 
  it 's mostly just dumb , made up shit that sounds easy and right , when it is n't . 
  conservatism has the problem , that , even though they are close to the right wing populists , they actually have much more common ground with the conservative immigrants both politically and socially than the left wing parties . 
  so they do n't really know how to deal with that , yet . 
  if they ever discover the muslim vote , they will gain a comfortable 5 % or so `` stammw\u00e4hler '' . 
  `` family values '' and such . 
  dude , for someone coming from a country where we pray to a torture method ( someone nailed to a cross ) , you do seem pretty ignorant . 
  imagine someone seeing this and drawing their conclusions . 
  while we have managed not to turn our own country to shit , we do it to other countrys . 
  for example iraq . 
  does this really make us better ? 
  about scientific achievement : there was a long period in the dark ages , where scientific achievement happened in the muslim world and not in the christian world . 
  now it is the other way around . 
  what does that prove ? 
  and finally : if you ( and unfortunately a lot of people ) would n't have your head so far up your ass , you would realize that southern africa , in particular the drc , turned their whole region into much worse shit than all of the muslim nations combined . 
  but they are not muslim . 
  but we do n't give a shit , because they are black and do n't have oil . 
  yes , it 's called islamophobie and not racism , but it 's basically the same thing . 
  you know why i hate it ? 
  because when the kkk threw a bomb at a church , you would have been the guy saying i am lying , because they put a bomb there and did n't throw it . 
  it 's a fucking technicality . 
  in germany we have the same people that make anti jewish rants . 
  and when they get called anti semites , people like you come out of the woodwork and declare that all people from the middle east are are semites , therefore the term is wrong . 
  so what ? 
  it 's a blame thing . 
  everyone blames `` the '' muslims or islam in general for their extremists . 
  even going as far as declaring all muslims extrmists in this thread . . just look at southpads . 
  he is basically saying all muslims advocate holy war . 
  when , in reality , we made those extremists and supported them . 
  it was us , not the muslim majority who made those extremists big . 
  us and our ally saudi arabia . 
  dude , wtf ? 
  you ca n't just make up stuff and then call it `` moderate islam '' . 
  who are you to define what moderate islam is and what not ? 
   well `` moderate '' islam , does not allow women to go out un-chaperoned , forces them to wear incredibly uncomfortable ( hot ) clothing , and cover their faces , and has an endemic problem with rape and sexual assault ( a female muslim friend of mine has discussed this openly at a youth-politics meeting . 
  she said that the only way to stop this behaviour is to challenge it , and i agree with her ) . 
  so you have a female muslim friend who went non chaperoned to a youth-politics meeting . 
  and what is she ? 
  an alien ? 
  whatever sick vision of `` moderate '' ( extremist ) islam you seem to have in your head , it obviously does not apply to the majority of muslims in this world , much less to those in the uk . 
  just like you friend . 
  or the other people you see around you . 
   islam needs to reform to the point that christianity , judaism , hinduism , and sikhism are at now . 
  if you knew anything about india , you would know how stupid this comment is . 
  the caste system is one of the main problems over there right now . 
  not 500 years ago . 
  how can a brit not know about india ? 
  how old are you ? 
  do n't they teach history over at your place ? 
   islam will never be accepted in the west . 
  just like you would never accept your `` friend '' or what ? 
   http://i.imgur.com/xfmoh.jpg that 's a cool picture , because it illustrates nicely how dumb all this islamophobia really is . 
  half of those images are from that shia ritual called `` day of ashura '' , which is pretty similar to a lot of christian traditions where people hurt themselves to atone for their sins . 
  though a lot of that is symbolic these days . 
  just like in one of these pictures , where they use donated blood instead of cutting themselves . 
  and that 's where that caption ( understand islam ) fits so well . 
  because that 's what it 's all about . 
  ignorance . 
  if you did n't know anything about christianity and then watched that mel gibson movie called the passion of christ , you would call it a snuff movie . 
  it 's all about torturing a guy to death for hours . 
  people ignorant of christinity could very well take screenshots out of the movie and call all of the western ( christian ) world violent snuff movie lovers . 
  why do n't you watch the kony video ? 
  that 's some nice christianity for you . 
  and if you then find muslims that do the same shit ( and you will , because it 's not about religion ) you can feel all better , because muslims are the bad guys . 
  and christians are only bad if they are african and black . 
  or something that fits your worldview better . 
  is n't that exactly what i was describing ?
