  2 : why was southern cyprus taken into the eu despite not meeting the condition of reunification ? 
  a friend who knows a thing or two about diplomacy and the eu told me that there were many eu people pretty glad , because a reunified cyprus would have been the first country with an ( at least in part ) islamic tradition to join the eu . 
  it could have set the precedent for a much larger islamic country ( turkey ) , that some people do n't want to see as part of the eu ever . 
  did n't they hand over other people before that ? 
  also they could have easily forgone eu candidacy . 
  in other news , americans are defensive about slavery and the native american genocide . 
  french are defensive about their war in algeria , russians are defensive about chechnia , israelis are defensive about gaza and ... 
  so what ? 
  serbia actually managed to send some people over to the hague . 
  something that ca n't be said for sudan , israel , the us or russia . 
  the article was about the history of racism against gypsies in europe . 
  because they had different values , ideas and way of life , they did n't fit into the european system . 
  so people put them at the bottom . 
  that is what the article is about . 
  that their `` civilization '' is n't worthy . 
  at least that is how all the scientists saw them throughout the centuries . 
  and how a lot of anti gypsi racism evolved around that . 
  and then he mentioned certain episodes where gyspies were forced to settle somewhere . 
  but essentially it is about a history of racism . 
  and the first comment you mention to blurt out is a very racist comment on different levels . 
  first of all , you assume that by adopting western livestyle and settleing down , they would assimilate and that is what they would want . 
  second you assume `` a large proportion '' and `` trust '' . 
  gypsies are individuals just like everyone else . 
  you trust an individual . 
  or not . 
  and an individual settles down . 
  or assimilates into another culture . 
  this kind of thing comes from a racist mindset . 
  just like the `` large proportion '' of muslims that support terrorism , or the `` large proportion '' of indians that are lazy . 
  or whatever . 
  this is pretty funnny actually . 
  the article is a long and thorough description on how the europeans never understood the gypsies . 
  and the first thing you do is write the very same thing . 
  first nations face the same problems . 
   very interesting . 
  i wonder if / r/europe might find it overly apologetic . 
  i do n't think the nuance of explanation vs excuses is lost on this subreddit . 
  i certainly am appalled by some of the things i 've heard about gypsies , but it certainly seems to be a vicious cycle with clear anthropological roots , if this article is to be believed . 
   question : let 's say that en masse , gypsies said `` we want to settle down and normalise - we 're serious . 
  we want to live , stay put , work and be civil . '', 
   would you trust them again ? 
  i ask that question because it opens up the cycle argument . 
   also , how much help would people be willing to give ? 
  housing ? 
  money ? 
  job training ? 
  education ? 
  what ? 
  to me it seems amazing how little ( if anything ) you seem to understand about the article you just posted . 
  and , in pertaining to the parallels to that article , your canadian flag seems very appropriate ( geography wise ) . 
  a little ot here , but i just * have * to ask this question . 
  what do you think about the first nations ? 
  let 's say that en masse , first nations said `` we want to settle down and live like you guys - we 're serious . 
  we want to live , stay put , work and be civil . '', 
  would you trust them ( again ) ? 
  also , how much help would people be willing to give ? 
  housing ? 
  money ? 
  job training ? 
  education ? 
  what ? 
  this is a multidimensional problems in which the political side weighs in a lot . 
  an example : even if you get a perfect economic solution , you wo n't be able to implement it , because of political resistance . 
  a huge problem is tax evasion . 
  but the people benefitting the most also have a lot of political influence . 
  that 's why no effective method against tax evasion will be implemented . 
  political and economical issues interact at different levels . 
  just talking about an `` economic solution '' will get you nowhere . 
  there is no `` pure '' economic solution . 
  as much as people dream of technocrats , for example the people in italy , they ca n't do jack , because whatever they decide at the top in their ivory towers , without political clout it wo n't be implemented . 
  in order to decide and implement something you need political influence . 
  by definition . 
  politics in greece is very much part of the problem . 
  also in multiple ways at multipe levels . 
  romania and especially bulgaria ( weirdly in this order and not the other way around ) are still not ready for eu membership and wo n't be for the forseeable future , imho . 
  as much as greece was n't ( and is n't ) ready for the euro . 
  that is , if you look at it in economical terms . 
  or look at certain cultural aspects . 
  or corruption . 
  but maybe the european union is more than that . 
  at least that is the vibe i am getting from the video . 
  when it was conceived , the eg ( long before maastricht 1992 ) was about a free europe and peace in europe . 
  maybe it is still about bringing people together . 
  at least part of it . 
  me , congrats to the awsome players from serbia, 
  that looks much better than i thought . 
  i even heard that the prime minister got a lot more power and media was to be silenced . 
  good to hear none of that is the case and everything is fine and dandy in hungary . 
  i actually never really believed all those screamers . 
  a new constitution is a huge thing . 
  i heard you guys even shuffled government responsibilites around . 
  how new is everything ? 
  what did essentially change ? 
  and how come you guys needed a new constitution ? 
  so immigration = islam = riots = rape . 
  did i get this right ? 
  and here is the german scratching his head going `` in germany we call them nazis , but what if they are from israel ? '', 
  but wait !, 
  we have those people , too . 
  and some of them are , in fact , jews .
