  everyone is ignoring it . 
  after iraq and kosovo , there is no moral credibility by the eu or the us . 
  the russians are strong . 
  so they simply take over . 
  and we ca n't do much . 
  putin believes that maidan was/is an intelligence and propaganda operation . 
  and who is to deny it ? 
  the entirety of the us `` so called '' free press fell in line with the wmd lie before the war in iraq . 
  the war propaganda was so good , that they convinced their populance . 
  russia is pretty much doing what the us has done . 
  except that there was n't an ethnic us population in iraq . 
  russia has more right to crimea than the us ever had to be in iraq . 
  and from a moral standpoint : who gives a shit which flag flies on top ? 
  people want a roof over their head , food on the table and work to go to . 
  but this is just the beginning of more problems . 
  the tartars have asked the turkish government for help . 
  and erdogan could use the distraction . 
  is he crazy enough to do something stupid ? 
  nato does not assassinate . 
  imagine the consequences of getting caught . 
  economic sanctions ( or other outside pressure ) usually have the effect of the leaders becoming more popular rather than less . 
  imagine what would happen to public opinion of the prime minister of denmark , if the eu was to try and pressure denmark to welcome a bigger share of refugees through harsh sanctions and the prime minister would `` proudly stand against '' foreign pressure on the wishes of the danish people . 
  which is what i have been saying all along . 
  thank you . 
  nato ca n't really do jack . 
  crimea is russias backyard . 
  if ever anything was . 
  and while on the short term putin may score some cheap political points and shows to other neighboring countries of russia ( former eastern bloc ) who is still boss and how impotent nato really is , i still firmly believe the current moves by putin are bad for russia in the strategic long term . 
  first of all there is a good chance that crimea would have come much closer to russia political by itself ( severe economic crises in the ukraine , lots of russians , big vote on autonomy coming up , yadda , yadda ) , also ukraine is an important long term trading partner and friendly nation with a joined history going back for millenia . 
  and then there is the budapest memorandum . 
  all the potential nuclear nations and hopefuls ( egypt , israel , north korea , pakistan , india , brazil , saudi arabia , iran , argentinia , japan ) are going to watch very closely . 
  if anything will speed up nuclear prolifiration , than this is the thing . 
  a nation gives up it 's nukes for guarentees of territorial integrity only to have those guarentees shit on 20 years down the road . 
  by one of the signatory nations , no less . 
  since russia is not expected to give up all it 's nukes no matter what ( as opposed to the countries mentioned above ) they should have an interest in stopping nuclear prolifiration . 
  imagine a nuclear bomb in the hands of terrorists . 
  there were many more successful terrorist attacks on russia than on the us last year . 
  i do n't think you know what mad and second strike capability really mean . 
  mad means that if you attack russia to destroy it , they are capable to lauch an attack ( for example by spottig the rockets on the radar ) that completely destroys you . 
  europe : gone . 
  usa : gone . 
  mushroom clouds everywhere . 
  second strike capability means that even if you somehow get past the radar detection , for example with stealth bombers ( which are detectable , btw . 
  by modern russian radar ) , and destroy their missile silos , they have enough icbms left on submarines and on the move on vehicles somewhere in siberia ( you ca n't carpet bomb all of siberia at once with undetectable missiles or stealth bombers ) , that a significant portion of europe and the us would also be turned into glas . 
  since we are talking revenge at this point i think those missiles are then targeted at capitals and major population areas . 
  remove putin from power ??? 
  how ? 
  russia has extended second strike capability including nuclear subs and mobile land based icbms that are both hard to hit , because they are constantly on the move . 
  which is why nato ca n't really get involved all too much . 
  we are still living in a mad world ( mutual assured destruction ) . 
  which is why everyone is referencing the cold war . 
  for long term strategy reasons it would be better for putin to respect the budapest memorandum . 
  simply because russia has nukes . 
  and the big nuke players do n't like prolifiration . 
  us , russia , china , france and the uk would like it , if they get to keep a couple toys and have the rest of the world disarmed . 
  ukraine is also a strong trading partner . 
  a big nation . 
  going for an all out war just to keep a little island is not a good idea . 
  but short term putin would score a couple political points . 
  similar to what bush did in iraq . 
  it severly hurt americas long term strategic outlook , helped terrorism , helped iran , also made iran want to go nuclear , ... the reasons keep adding up . 
  yet bush went anyways and won the reelection . 
  he scored short term and shit on the long term . 
  why should n't putin act similar ? 
  he is a politician . 
  and a thug . 
  no idiot , no doubt , so he knows what he is doing , but does he really care ? 
  maybe he is simply trying to pressure ukraine and is playing poker . 
  hopefully . 
  which is why brazil , iran , israel , saudi arabia , egypt , pakistan , india , turkey and all the other nuclear nations or nuclear hopefuls are probabely watching very closely what happens . 
  if there ever was a chance to prove that a nation can savely abandon their nuclear ambitions , it is now . 
  there will not be a better moment in history for nuclear non-prolifiration . 
  i think it was 2012 when former us presidents teamed up with other former heads of state in a big push for nuclear disarmament . 
  and failed . 
  `` the first casualty of war is truth '', 
  i doubt , that it is going to be that bad . 
  i think we are looking at a possible `` independant '' crimea protected by russian military . 
  and the move towards independence will come from within crimea . 
  which is why everyone is talking about `` protecting the territorial integrity of ukraine '' . 
  and overt war between russian and ukraine regular troops is highly unlikely , imho . 
  mind you , the whole scenario ( crimea becoming `` independent '' with russian protection ) has probabely been a favourite scenario for military planners all over the region for years , if not for decades . 
  so they are currently all going through their desk drawers and pulling out thick binders to see if everything is going `` as planned '' . 
  come'on !, 
  russia has a completely different history . 
  germany and fascism were about expansion way beyond the original borders . 
  russia , if you look at it historically , only expanded very little towards the west , but always towards the east , though there were some small scale conflicts all the time over stuff like crimea . 
  russia is ** not ** preparing for some massive all out invasion . 
  at most , we are looking at a forceable annexation of crimea . 
  but i think an independant associated crimea ist much more likely . 
  like souther ossetia or transnistria . 
  never said anything is good per se . 
  i was simply making an oberservation in relation terms . 
  if we go by the war in georgia , it had a lot less civillian casulties than the war in iraq had . 
  that is why it is good being a full nato member . 
  huge difference . 
  the baltics are not next . 
  and wo n't be for the forseeable future . 
  i was thinking middle asia . 
  this is a very tense situation and can go either way . 
  i believe the russians are especially triggerhappy for a couple of reasons : 1 .
