  and those are the times you read about and become all racist that muslims are bad . 
  think about that one the next time someone has violent fantasies for the irs . 
  http://www.eurozine.com/articles/2009-06-25-snyder-en.html lots of translation links at the top . 
  you apparently do n't get it . 
  i was fishing for offensive stuff . 
  neither jesus nor mohammed are real . 
  but posting shit about them gets people railed up . 
  just like posting shit about rape , pedophilia and other stuff . 
  even the most jaded guy that has seen anything on / r/wtf will have something sacred . 
  and even if not . 
  why not simply accept the fact that different cultures have different values and different shit they find offensive . 
  hell , most people outside of germany will get all pissy , if you shit on their country and/or flag . 
  just like jesus , who liked to rape ill kids , after eating the flesh of their mothers in front of them . 
  people have different sets of values . 
  is there nothing that can offend you ? 
  not even paedophilia ? 
  the saudis have been financing salafists all over the globe since the 80s and us europeans protect them . 
  so in reality we are shielding those that fund our own extremists . 
   the guy was only obeying subreddit rules by using the same title as that on youtube . 
  not really . 
  if the title for the youtube video is also not correct , which is often the case with click baiting or youtube in general , it is also not ok to use this title on reddit . 
  i fail to see the problem . 
  next up : see my youtube video with lots of topless women ( same title as youtube video ) ... 
   this has nothing to do with schengen , this is wrong . 
  i also immediately thought of schengen , because this has a lot to do with it . 
  if the uk was part of schengen , migrants trying to get from france to uk would n't need to hide anywhere . 
  no border patrols . 
  they would n't need to break into trucks . 
  as it stands now , these are people who may or may not haven schengen visa , which is irrelevant here , since they are trying to enter the uk , supposedly illegally . 
  where is the riot ? 
  where and how do romani live in terrible conditions ? 
  there are people that help strangers and there are people that do n't . 
  why , how and when would someone need food and shelter ? 
  antiziganism is the most widespread and socially accepted xenophobic sentiment in europe right now , imho . 
  and it has very deep roots . 
  this goes way back . 
  which is why everyone knows it . 
  it is a common experience in europe . 
  just like in / e/europe . 
   i do n't even know which immigrant group i should feel angry about right now . 
  two for the price of one ? 
  twin pack hate !, 
   and since being in a religion together is a little different from ethnicity ( which you cant choose ) , the funny thing is , for them it may be a little different , but for the hate groups , there is no difference . 
  hate is hate , be it fatpeoplehate ( i love the timing ) , islamophobia , anti-semitism or racism . 
  this depends on how many of us will go to jean-marie le pen 's funeral , i guess . 
  your country is never the aggressor . 
  remember 1939 , when poland attacked us ? 
  it 's a combination of bad pr and a rise in xenophobia in general , i think . 
  if those guys on the planes had happened to be of some other group , muslims would have far less problems . 
  anti-semitism did n't go way as much as islamophobia . 
  bad timing , methinks . 
   that among over 600k polish captives were do you get your numbers from ? 
  the wikipedia article talks about 40k . 
  your number is an order of magnitude higher . 
  that is a difference that would make the wikipedia article total hogwash , if it were true . 
   for example , take us - more people died in the early 30 's both in relative and absolute population from hunger than in soviet union . 
  but nobody says it was of cleansing against the poor and jobless . 
  this is russian propaganda . 
  a little research in independant scientific channels will reveal that mortality did not increase during the great depression . 
  i told you that the russian authorities are whitewashing history . 
  in the former post you even quoted from court documents during the purge . 
  clear whitewashing of stalin . 
  you have to be very careful with these things . 
  there is so much propaganda floating around these days . 
  but there is truth , no matter what putin 's spin doctors want to make you believe . 
  the bbc or the nyt can still be trusted . 
  they do have the occasional blunder , but that is about it . 
  during 2002 and 2003 you practically felt what was wrong in the us media . 
  i suspect you feel the same way about current russian media . 
  much stronger though . 
   did soviet union execute those poor souls in katyn ? 
  surely not . 
  this does not fall under `` agree to disagree '' . 
  katyn is an open and shut case . 
  i really have to wonder why you fall into the soviet propaganda trap here . 
   and in current propaganda in the west soviet regime is tried to be placed on the same scale with nazi regime in terms of crimes against humanity . 
  there is a clear distinction . 
  at least in germany and the us . 
  eastern europe tends to be different , since they suffered under soviet rule for a much longer time and much more recent . 
  and they fear the same thing again . 
  they do n't fear germany . 
  which can lead to a wrong perception of history i suppose . 
   but to compare that to nazi crimes ( genocide , slavery , complete dehumanization and destruction they had in mind ) - no sir , that should not be tolerated . 
  i completely agree . 
  stalinist rule and his crimes are very different in many ways . 
  i also have to add that you have to rate evil and good . 
  and there are a lot of steps . 
  what happens in syria is really bad , but it still is n't as bad as the drc . 
  ukraine certainly has problems , but they are aproximately two orders of magnitude below syria . 
  you have read the article on the `` generalplan ost '' . 
  it has n't been matched in history yet , afaik . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timothy_d._snyder  it uses fact spinnings to place a sign of = between soviet regime and nazi germany i did n't read it this way . 
  the way i understood this is that eastern europe suffered immensely under both regimes , but a lot more under germany . 
  which is backed up by sheer numbers and different intent ( mass shooting ) . 
  i did n't think anyone could come to this conclusion after reading the piece . 
  in the german article on snyder that criticism was leveled against him , though . 
   it is established beyond reasonable doubt that stalin intentionally starved to death soviet ukrainians i tend to believe the historian on that one . 
   [ many japanese settlers committed mass suicide as the soviet army approached . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soviet_invasion_of_manchuria#war_crimes ) thank you for the link . 
  this reinforces my believe that any invasion of the larger japanese islands would have had horrible consequences .
