  this is a very simple lesson on humans . 
  if you insult someone or something they hold dear ( synonymous for this purpose ) , they are very unlikely to listen to you , much less try to understand you or have a meaningful discussion . 
  i would say almost impossible to get them to change their mind . 
  case in point : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2y8mav/denmark_calls_for_muhammad_cartoons_in_school/cp7cgbe, 
   there is a difference between mocking a church or a mosque or some pope and mocking jesus or god . 
  or mohammed for that matter . 
  you provide a link to the thirty years war . 
  is n't that the perfect example why we should be a little more sensitive and understanding with each other ? 
  there is a difference between mocking a church or a mosque or some pope and mocking jesus or god . 
  or mohammed for that matter . 
  [ did n't the french government already pass a law concerning muslims and clothing regulations ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zamx5yomjxg ), 
  having a frank discussion about what ? 
  there are things that are very insulting to people . 
  wether you share that feeling or not . 
  imagine having a frank discussion about the advantages and disadvantages of the slave trade with a mixed race classroom . 
  muslims are totally going to listen to you , if you start the conversation by shitting on their religion . 
  we should not kowtow to racism in europe and invite all black africans over here to live with us , just to piss off racists ? 
  perfect plan . 
  wow , just like blacks fighting during the civil rights movement , everyone fighting islam in europe is such a hero . 
  they are taking over !, 
  * kill them all before it 's too late . 
   obviously the reason is that nobody will kill you for drawing a rape joke , even one in bad taste , but if you draw mohammed you 're demonstrably risking your life . 
  just like you 're demonstrably eligable to win millions of euros if you buy a lottery ticket . 
  you should really buy more lottery tickets . 
  you seem to be just the right customer . 
  [ let 's scream at each other some more . 
  this totally helps with tolerating each others viewpoint . 
  with everyone realizing how much of a fucking idiot they really are compared to me . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/racism#cultural_racism ), 
  i do n't think this is about having a point . 
  more about delivery . 
  though believe me , there are several more points to this . 
  the delivery one was just the most obvious . 
  though judging from all the downvotes i get , shitting on muslims is , again , the way to go in / r/europe . 
  we are such an enlightened society . 
  so much better than them , are n't we . 
  ( who was * them * again , this time ? 
  chinese ? 
  russians ? 
  arabs ? 
  muslims ? 
  africans ? ), 
  i sometimes get confused . 
  you are totally going to learn what a racist shithead you are if i openly mock you for your small penis . 
  just like muslims are totally going to learn to become more tolerant and relaxed if we shit in their face by mocking something the take very serious . 
  flawless logic . 
  we are done . 
  we can go home . 
  you fucking idiot . 
  are you now able to understand your follies ? 
  because it totally should work , when i mock your lack of intelligence . 
  now we can have a very good and honest discussion . 
  even though i am not sure it will help , because you are such an idiot . 
  we can still give it a try though , if i use easy words . 
  [ edit  i totally forgot to use all caps . 
  i helps much better when we scream at each other . 
  the high volume will help us to better understand . 
  or rather , it will help you to better understand that i am right and you are wrong and you should stop immediately with your racist shithead ways and disband those wrong believes . 
  i am right and you are wrong . 
  end of discussion . 
  did n't we have a wonderful discussion . 
  i hope you liked it . 
    only after due process has taken place  that is simply wrong , 100 % wrong . 
  so you want to do away with due process . 
  which is a popular opinion at the moment . 
  fine . 
  i get it . 
  but this is n't anywhere close to democratic values . 
  if they can deport people at will , they will deport people at will . 
  you better keep your passport on you at all times then . 
   fight the horde there is is . 
  right there . 
  democracy and european values do not classify people as `` horde '' . 
  individuals with individual rights . 
  you disagree . 
  your right . 
  you can call them anything you like . 
  we , in germany , have a history of classifying people a certain way and dealing with them in `` hordes '' . 
  was n't too long ago . 
  you have three choices : 1 . 
  you either face the fact that a million or five refugees is nothing in a european union with 500 million citizen and shut up and deal with them appropriately , which includes sending a lot of them back , but only after due process has taken place . 
  you shit on values and constitutions and start shooting at people . 
  front nationale , afd , orban . 
  we are moving in that direction . 
  you kiss some erdogan ass to have turkey keep the boats in their waters or be able to send obvious refugee boats back . 
  you need another countries permission to send boats their way . 
  no matter how sure you are they came from there . 
  that is what international borders are : if you are a country , you ca n't break them . 
  otherwise a turkish f-16 will shoot you down . 
  individuals may come in little boats , but if your navy takes them and tows them from international waters into territorial waters from another country , be prepared to have their navy shoot at your navy . 
  because international borders mainly mark the line where countries may not interfere with each other . 
  that is what international borders are . 
  not about people , but about countries . 
  again : lots and lots of idiots do n't get that . 
  currently we are doing a mix of 1 +3 . 
  lots of ass kissing ( you wonder how erdogan stole the election so easily ? 
  there is your answer ) and lots of fast processing . 
  and a little 2 as well pretty soon , if the people keep being idiots . 
  you are from greece ?
