  my point was that op is racist . 
  ops point was what ? 
  that all muslims are intolerant ? 
  is there really such a huge difference between our points ? 
  there is . 
  i was just insulting him . 
  he was insulting a billion people or so . 
  and spreading hate . 
  ymmv, 
  [ maybe this one ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_holocaust_cartoon_competition ), 
   your comparing a cartoon to the slave trade ? 
  are you even listening to yourself ? 
  i was making a freakin example for an insulting discussion . 
  and i was trying for an example that everyone could understand . 
  i did n't want to bring up the holocaust . 
  be my guest if you can find a better example of a major insult casually used in the classroom . 
  after all , if you are a white person , why not discuss the advantages of having slaves ? 
  it does n't feel personally insulting to you . 
  while it might be intellectually disgusting , there is no particular feeling there . 
  if you are black , otoh , it is a different issue . 
  same with jews and the holocaust . 
  but again , not an example i want to use every time . 
   all i 'm saying is , that race has nothing to do with it . 
  so racsim is not the reason why most power and money is with white people ? 
  most power and money is with white people , because they are ... what ? 
  surperior ? 
  you are cherry picking ( female circumcision ) . 
  of course i strongly believe that our values based freedom , democracy , individual rights and welfare are surperior . 
  but unfortunately our culture does n't follow these values very often . 
  as we can see in this thread with the rampant islamophobia . 
  also part of our culture is our materialism and our destructive and unsustainable lifestyle . 
  if everyone on this earth shared our lifestyle , the earth would n't be able to sustain this . 
  we would all die very soon . 
  i am also looking at some isolated aspects of our culture . 
  i am just trying to explain this to you :  so that wikipedia link essentially says no culture is inherently superior to another, 
  so you think by insulting me i will listen to your points ? 
  not that you made any , but still . 
  how about we try that again ? 
  lithuania is not really a country . 
  more like a russian province . 
  i do n't know why you keep pretending like you should be independant . 
  now that we made that clear , how about we discuss politics ? 
  was n't that the perfect start for a nice and well mannered discussion ? 
  are you really serious ? 
  grass is grey , because you once saw a grey blade of grass ? 
  cars have do n't have four wheels , because of the reliant robin ? 
  dude !, 
   a white girl like me  i 'm so glad i got out , i 'm so glad i 'm french not only on the passport , but by culture and identity too . 
  nope . 
  you are glad that you are white . 
  because :  there is always significant minority playing ** racist ** police , then you get the ones who silently agree , and the ones who do n't but are too scared to speak out . 
  that is life for the people that are not white when they are out of their neighborhoods . 
  since their neighborhoods are smaller than yours . 
  also their neighborhoods are the poor ones . 
  because power and money is with the white people . 
  you are either dumb , for not understanding the effects of islamophobia and racism on immigrants in france , even though you claim to be related to them or a filthy liar , because you just made all this up . 
   you know , if you 're a non-muslim , it will be quite funny when they become a majority and we are all - and you included - forced to adopt their ways . 
   islam is a political project . 
  many non believers do not know that . 
  yea , they have a big conspiracy going on . 
  and they keep it a secret . 
  all of them . 
   sorry to break it to you , but many muslims ' loyalty lie with the oumma , not the state they live in . 
  so what ? 
  just because some people prefer their religion or family over the nation , they are bad ? 
  oh , i forgot , you are probabely a nationalist . 
  i am german , not french . 
  why do you vote for nazis , when our nazis kicker your ass ? 
   of course , muslims are not a monolithic group . 
  but there are not different by nature , only by degree . 
  it 's about how much they are invested in the religion . 
  totally . 
  they are all the same . 
  from the poor farmer in indonesia to the billionair media mogul in the us . 
  all muslims want world domination . 
  i am sorry for going on this long about this shit . 
  this is almost a caricature of textbook islamophobia . 
  are you really serious about this shit ? 
  are you that stupid ? 
  or are you a troll ? 
  it was a freakin example . 
  think of something else insulting to discuss . 
  my point is about the insulting nature of the pictures . 
  and not about the discussion of the pictures . 
  because that is not insulting . 
  having an open discussion on the possible advantages of slavery is , in itself , also insulting , imho . 
  but i digress . 
  all of them . 
  all muslims . 
  all of member of group x do that and fuck them . 
  all europeans are peaceful and only want european values . 
  our group y is so much better . 
  we ( group y ) are totally homgeneous . 
  they ( group x ) is totally homogeneous is well . 
  and they shit on us . 
  and some idiots from our group do n't get it . 
  i am an idiot for not understanding how important it is to do something about group x. 
  your post is a model post for racism . 
  this is not about religion .
