  goodbye democracy , goodbye public welfare , goodbye magna carta ... 
   i 'm counting long-term as well as short-term in that . 
  nobody seems to know what the long-term effects of britain agreeing to the tobin tax would be , but we all know what the short-term would be . 
  mainly , britain being financially crippled , and ( at worst ) thrown down to the same levels ireland or greece . 
  you are completely overstating the possible effects of this tax . 
  it 's not going to cripple britain financially in any way . 
  why on earth would you think so ? 
   the thing is , i just do n't trust it . 
  i fear a major loss of sovereignty , or culture / heritage , or being homogenised , or a combination of those things . 
  i do n't like the idea of my country being run by people who are n't from it , it just does n't sit right with me . 
   the pound is something with a lot of history and personality behind it , and i find the idea of ditching it for borg money with bridges on it distasteful . 
  this is about `` feelings '' . 
  and the same reason why many things do n't work politically . 
  because people do n't `` feel '' good about it . 
  and vote against it . 
  for better or for worse . 
  i think it is often almost impossible to gauge if those huge projects ( eu , euro , large infrastructure projects ) will have a net benefit for the public . 
  two years ago i would have called you `` stupid '' for thinking the euro is n't the greatest thing since sliced bread . 
  there are so many known benefits . 
  one of them ( touted at the beginning ) was that they would protect us from financial markets . 
  now they ( politicans ) tell us that the euro is suddenly in danger because one country ca n't pay it 's debts . 
  so while i still think the euro has a net benefit for the european public and respectfully disagree with your `` feelings '' for the english pound i must say i have been humbled greatly . 
   it brings with it the risk of us getting screwed over ( for example , that financial tax that we just refused , that would have crippled us financially had we agreed ) before this summer i thought that the eu had a democracy crises . 
  in that it had very little democracy and was influenced too much by other entities than the people . 
  now we see a crises of democracy itself . 
  not only in brussels , but all over europe . 
  and once more we see very clearly that it does n't matter who governs . 
  people from our country or from a different country . 
  corruption can creep in everywhere . 
  and nowhere has it been more evident than in the uk itself , where the financial industry has teken over and is calling the shots . 
  very much to the disadvantage of the uk public , which has been completely outsold by their government to greedy london financial brokers . 
  so call me surprised that i am having this conversation with none other an englishman . 
   only in europe !, 
  i suppose you think that if you do n't hang yourself you 're supporting the death penalty , right ? 
  same logic . 
  you seem very neutral about this whole europe thing . 
  if you do n't think the uk should be part of the eu , then please state that opinion . 
  it 's totally fine . 
  apart from that the `` financial industry '' seems to have a lot of political clout in the uk . 
  for better or for worse . 
   a tax that would financially ruin our country i seriously doubt that . 
  well , there is a reason for all that pc-red-tape . 
  because it can be very easily misunderstood and misused for evil purposes . 
  i am not sure if the culture where a person is coming from has much of an impact . 
  i would guess that personal willingness , being open to new things , age , family status ( if you go alone ) , and otoh the new societies willingness to embrace and teach you the new culture are much stronger factors . 
  though a culture of not being open and not going anywhere far away by yourself would in turn influence those factors . 
  but i do n't have any hard data . 
  not even much circumstancial evidence ( that i had for my other arguments ) . 
  do you have hard data ? 
   he merely warns of the issues arising with integrating multiple ethnicities in a homogenic group . 
  if you pair these studies with basic psychology and cultural identity issues by a myriad of researchers or even historical records ( if one should even equate them ) you 'll see it . 
  the problems arise . 
  distrust and conflict arise between all ethnicities . 
  it 's a well know social problem for millenia . 
  it also leads to bigger problems . 
  and here lies the real problem , the one we must anticipate . 
  you are not only full of it , but you misinterpret putnam in order to form some dangerous race war scenario . 
  the is nazi stuff you are up to here . 
  you do this by blatantly mixing ethnic and cultural background , of which there is a distint difference . 
  you are the kind of person that advocates for racial profiling , segregation and worse . 
  just because someone is black , asian or has another enthnicity does n't make them trust other people less or more . 
  only people that never met people of other race say so . 
  i would n't need to prove it , but thousands of adoptions have proven it . 
  i will end this discussion right now , because i am physically getting sick , because images of auschwitz and birkenau are forming in my mind . 
  i do n't want to be in contact with such a person like you . 
   how do you spread individuals ? 
  ghettos do n't form not by government orders and you ca n't order someone where to live . 
  nowadays , ghettos form naturally by many many reasons . 
  what you 're even hinting is quite fascist in nature . 
  i mean , you seem a well intended person but do n't make things up . 
  it does n't help . 
  at all !, 
  and you obviously have no idea about zoning policies , income disparages and how ghettoes are formed and could be avoided , because you choose to only interpret any research you come across with a very narrow fascist mindset . 
   you 'll find them highly unbiased i will go and see what this putnam fellow is all about , but i usually get highly suspicous , when someone says something like `` unbiased '' . 
  do you know that the fox new network in the us was built on the premise of being unbiased in the face of all the other supposedly unbiased networks ? 
  edit : i just checked into [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_d._putnam#diversity_and_trust_within_communities ) . 
  putnam ist writing about ethnically homogenic groups in a larger ethnically heterogenic community . 
  in contrary i was talking about individuals and , perhaps , small families integrating . 
  i think this is a fundamentally different thing . 
  something that needs to be avoided for fast integration ( if you want fast integration ) . 
  for quick integration you ca n't let ethnically homogenius groups live together ( ghettos ) , but need to spread them out into the population that you want to integrate them into . 
  that is , if you want integration . 
  the us and canada are countries made up of immigrants . 
  surely they are better at integrating newcomers . 
  how exactly it is done and if it can be emulated is a different question . 
  albeit an important one depending on how europe wants to deal with the rapid decline and aging of our native population . 
  you have an interesting opinion :  it takes much more than one or two generations being born in said country to integrate . 
  what is this based on ? 
  personally i know teenagers and older people coming to germany and becoming german in all but their passports in under ten years . 
  i also have a sister in law who was born and raised in asia to an asian family . 
  she came to the us at the age of 16 and when i saw her graduating her american college at the age of 22 she was as american as one can be . 
  and i can tell americans and other people apart . 
  i was in the us for a year for an exchange back in high school . 
  in germany we do n't really have a concept for integration . 
  until a couple years ago our citizenship laws had n't changed for about a hundred years and were still based on bloodlines . 
  if you great grandfather was german , you were german . 
  much like you think integration works . 
  and germans are pretty racist in that the general consensus ist that you ca n't be german if you do n't look german . 
  this is not mean spirited , but rather accepted custom . 
  so when people of different races are integrated into our culture , they often times also integrate this value set to the extent that even though they behave german , eat german , talk german , dream german and share everything else , they think of themselves as foreigners .
