  after that we could try and have one timezone for all of europe , or spain can join britain and portugal or whatever . 
  i do n't really think it is a big deal either way . 
  i think timezones are dumb anyways . 
  if we could simply agree to start our days at different times according to geographical location , we would n't need different timezones at all . 
  there are so many things wrong with time these days imho . 
  i am not sure about the painter 's sexuality . 
  did you notice the very visible and completely unnecessary dick on the devil on the left ? 
  his balls are even shaved . 
  a lot of drugs on the market in ukraine most likely came through russia as well . 
  the poster is so rich in so many things . 
  the eu also has a space program ( satellite in the background ) . 
  germany had hitler , the su had stalin . 
  and many in the ukraine actually welcomed hitler back in the day , whereas stalin ... 
  putting tanks and fighter planes on the russian side is also interesting . 
  is that supposed to be a warning what could happen , if the ukraine went for the eu ? 
  [ this one ought to last me for a while . 
  ] ( http://saarefishexport.ee/tooted/spiced-baltic-herring/ ), 
  but what ? 
  two big nameless companies . 
  if i am going to eat their product , i need product names . 
  what do i need to look for in the supermarket shelves ? 
  you are wrong . 
  there is a much more sinister point to this . 
  yes there are broken marriages and children in need for love . 
  more so than before ? 
  not my point . 
  so those vurnerable children come to the priests looking for guidance , help and love and get raped instead . 
  and father bochynski says it is the fault of the situation that sends these children to the church . 
  i kinda lost hope a bit , when i saw kasparov beaten by a thug in uniform . 
  i know that kasparov is a bit of an asshole , personally , but for me he is first and foremost a symbol of intellectualism and russian achievement . 
  but a thug in uniform neither recognized him nor cared and hit him . 
  on tv . 
  this comes from being ruled by a thug in uniform for too long , i suppose . 
   closet racist we are in / r/europe . 
  people are quite open about their racism , antiziganism ( racism against gipsies ) , antisemitism , islamophobia , ... and they tend to bag a lot of upvotes for their comments . 
   people ready to jump on a bandwagon and stigmatise an entire community because of one incident in a different country . 
  that is the norm . 
  which is why media should be careful about what they report . 
  someone stole a chicken ? 
  post it in the news . 
  a gipsy stole a chicken ? 
  post it in the news and have people complain about those gipsy thieves . 
  in germany they usually tend to leave ethnicity and migration status out . 
  at least the responsible media does . 
  but gipsies that might have stolen a baby was just too juicy , i suppose . 
  it fits the stereotype just too well . 
  i think they themselves stand to loose more than they stand to gain . 
  currently they are an out of eu tax haven . 
  what would they be afterwards ? 
  a lot of stuff they do depends on being their own country . 
  i think more independence is better for them . 
  they could still adopt any rules and regulations the eu has , if they want . 
   the memory of 600,000 soviet servicemen who gave their lives in the fight for the freedom and the independence of poland russians are famous for white washing history to the extreme . 
  in reality the soviet union and germany split up poland in 1939 . 
  and after stalin gained the upper hand over hitler , he took half of europe from him and kept it under soviet union control for another 45 years . 
  there was no independence or freedom . 
  lesser known fact : stalins generals tried to please him and stalin wanted to conquer as much of europe as quick as he could before the western allies . 
  millions of poorly equipped russians soldiers were sacrificed in the name of speed , needlessly driving up the body count . 
  which did n't really matter to stalin anyways . 
  he killed millions more in the gulags and during the cleansings . 
  i 'm going to downvote my own comments . 
  ok , let 's say the west did n't break somalia . 
  still they just let it be broken . 
  and then terrorism comes out of it and [ cbfw86 goes `` dammit islam '' ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1n0ld9/kenyas_foregin_minister_confirms_british_islamist/cceds9a ) . 
  is n't that a little dumb ? 
  civil war does not equal failed state . 
  ** do n't you dare ** say anything bad about him . 
   is it the obligation of the west to fix failed states ? 
  nope , but the west actually went in there in 1992 ( please read comment thread , people ! ) . 
  you break it , you own it . 
  mark is such a wonderful person . 
  i think we both agree that we want to love him , do n't we ? 
  i think it is all about a failed state . 
  i just pointed out the time the west made a direct impact . 
  and then stopped caring . 
  hint : when you leave a country as a failed state for 20 + years and then a terrorist attack comes from there , the reason may not be `` dammit , islam !, 
   in serious debate he wants to stop `` radical muslism '' at the border . 
  how do you want to do that , seriously ? 
  screw open their heads ? 
  where do `` radical muslism '' come from ? 
  from pakistan . 
  so what he really means to ( the only way feasable ) is to simply stop all brown people from entering the uk . 
  you * really * want to seriously discuss something like that ? 
  get out !, 
   stop letting in islamists as refugees . 
  and again . 
  score threshold by the ministry of love ? 
  if you have an extremist score below 10 , you get in . 
  above 10 , you do n't get in ? 
  what about refugees from countries without mobile phones and email ? 
  how is the ministry of love supposed to issues scores for them ? 
  i think it would be a lot easier to just let them in and then start collecting data . 
  then you can later use the scores to torture and kill them . 
  much easier this way . 
   ban british citizens from taking part in conflicts what does sir mark thatcher have to do with islam ?? 
  if you are going to suggest torturing and killing the son of our beloved baroness thatcher , we are going to have a problem !, 
  dammit somali invasion 1992 ? 
  like how ? 
  kill all muslims ? 
  or maybe ghcq ( also known as the ministry of love ) will tell you exactly who the fanatics are based on scores given out by analytical programs that go through their email conversations and telephone calls .
