  for the nth time . 
  you are racist and , most likely , also anti-semitic . 
  and you know it . 
  that is why you do this all the time . 
  just admit it and be done with . 
  so forget about the kippah , if you do n't like that . 
  let 's take your example : the * french petty criminal , of algerian descent * . 
  he is anti-semitic , right ? 
  an anti-semite . 
  yet he killed a muslim . 
  and anyone he would have found at this jewish school . 
  you also mention the jewish museum . 
  is this person going to ask first if anyone is actually jewish before killing them ? 
  is this guy going to ask them if their grandparents were actually jews ? 
  is the nazis definition of a jew relevant to this guy and his anti-semitism ? 
  and please answer this simple question : do you think the example you brought up is an example of anti-semitism today ? 
  yes or no ? 
  and why do you refuse to even answer this one ? 
  especially , when i get this from you :  you know , those whose doctrine you refuse we criticise i answered this . 
  and i did criticise . 
  i also explained the wahhabi problem to you in detail . 
  did i not ? 
  so please , if you do n't want to answer the other questions above . 
  just this one : did merah act on anti-semitic motives ? 
  [ edit  i am curious . 
  do you understand [ what the problem here is ? 
  ] ( http://tech.slashdot.org/story/15/05/02/151206/my-high-school-cs-homework-is-the-centerfold ) because very few , if any , of the commentators even understand what this is all about . 
  even if you disagree . 
  do you understand the underlying problem of using an image of a head ( only the head ) of a 70s playboy centerfold in this context ? 
  what about anti-semitism ? 
  the link you provided does not contain the word wahhabism , but this :  when a muslim french paratrooper was shot dead  the french council of the muslim faith condemned the attacks  merah admitted antisemitic motivations so anti-semitism ? 
  do you believe that people in europe are currently discriminated against for wearing a kippah if and when they do this openly ? 
  if yes , do you think there is a name for such discrimination ? 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/4078677.stm also : it is very much against allied forces interest in iraq and afghanistan to make any case public . 
  which has resulted in almost all of misconduct of any nature going unpunished . 
  only cases that became high profile beforehand were prosecuted . 
  because any prosecution will draw the press , which will inevitably lead to bad press in the occupied territories . 
  which leads to the question of how much sexual violence was there ? 
  we ca n't know , because victims have a vested interest in not reporting , the occupying military has a vested interest in not prosecuting and the offender as well . 
  whistleblowers are routinely punished . 
  it is clear that offenders can act with impunity . 
  and you have a situation with all the power on one end and no power on the other . 
  in addition to that you have people under severe stress and possible ptsd . 
  do you know want to take a qualified guess ? 
  my original comment was this :  unfortunately , sexual violence is accompaniment of war . 
  and i stand by this . 
  you have war , you get rape . 
  simple as that . 
  there may be less in iraq by nato troops in 2003 compared to allied forces ( including american , french , british australian , ... ) in germany in 1945 . 
  that does n't make it not exist . 
  we have reports of mass rape in other contemporary conflicts . 
  in europe in bosnia in the 90s and today in the drc , for example . 
  do you really think an afghan woman will report rape ? 
  do you think an iraqi girl would report a rape ? 
  would you care to explain this ? 
  how about guys ? 
  how many of your fellow soldiers , much less an iraqi man will report being the victim of rape ? 
  you seem completely delusional . 
   weird how i managed to get home without being gangraped by the crazy rabid psycho soldiers i was surrounded by the whole time , and how i never saw any of them do anything untoward to the native population huh ? 
  * i was n't raped , i did n't see rape , therefore rape does n't exist . 
  how about a google news search for `` french troops '' this week ? 
  or how about [ this one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/child_sexual_abuse_by_un_peacekeepers ) . 
  yes , the taboo is still huge . 
  which is why we do n't hear stories a lot . 
  and yes , industrial scale rape might not accompany every soldier . 
  i am sure you are the one that did n't . 
  good for you . 
  * i never raped anyone . 
  which is why rape does n't exist . 
  victims should stop crying about nothing . 
  fighting helicopters look good in movies . 
  you do n't want to be in a helicopter in a combat zone . 
  any helicopter . 
  i think over half of all us helicopters in vietnam were shot down . 
  yes , fighting helicopters do have a purpose , just like transport helicopters , but their role is much narrower than you would expect from watching them in movies and is n't all that important . 
   the reunion would hardly bring any benefits . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  you could , probabely , save a lot of money on embassies , for example . 
  and a lot of other things could be streamlined . 
  in reality , though , you are right . 
  experience has shown that in the public sector any efficiency benefits from pooling resources , by , for example , joining administrative districts ( like nation states ) are never realized . 
  usually it is the other way around . 
  more people get hired , but no one gets fired . 
  if there was any threat to anyone 's job , they will/would fight like hell against reunification anyways . 
  even though , realistically , there is n't a threat . 
  still , a reunification is unlikely because of that added reason . 
  unfortunately , sexual violence is accompaniment of war . 
  any war , past or present . 
  people do n't like to talk about it , because the victims of rape feel shame . 
  if you think afghanistan or iraq are without rape , because us `` good guys '' are better , you are pretty naif . 
  in current military conflicts in and around the drc it has even become a form of biological warfare , due to the spread of hiv/aids . 
  i keep trying to have a discussion and you keep trying to insult me . 
  who is the troll here ? 
  i read somewhere somewhen that the german spy agency does not do industrial espionage . 
  but other countries , for example russia , usa , china , ... do that . 
  it said it had something to do with tradition , laws and nazi germany . 
  so i do n't know how other countries go about this . 
  but i would guess this is different for everyone and also depends on circumstances . 
  because you also need trustworthy people to receive the intel . 
  you would need connections between the private industry and the national spy agency .
