he was just smarter than hitler , and played `` savior '' later on . 
  i do n't know if he was really `` smarter '' than hitler or if smart is the right word to apply here . 
  he certainly was a savior for the people of half of europe , even though he made their countries satellites of the soviet union . 
  the reason is that hitler had a lot more genocide planned than he could execute . 
  for places like ukraine and belarus . 
  more or less half of the population was `` dispensable '' in his plans . 
  actually i just read a little about this . 
  this is a very complicated issue . 
  a lot of the people killed were ukrainian , belarus , polish and jewish . 
  germany never held much of russian territory . 
  but the russian government is currently deep into revising the history books and tries to count all the ukrainians , belarus and jews as russian victims of the germans . 
  while surpressing the planned starvation of ukraine by stalin 32/33 , which killed 3 million people as well as other mass murders by russians in belarus , latvia , poland and lithuania . 
  and of course , ukraine . 
  as you might have noticed there is a lot of political turmoil surrounding the ukraine . 
  and a lot of hothead idiots make a lot of fuss . 
  and people die , which is sad . 
  while we seem to forget the generalplan ost , russia likes to play the biggest victim of wwii , when , in the end , eastern europe was actually vicitimized most by the germans . 
  far more so than russia itself . 
  we killed 'em and forgot about it and you remember them . 
  as your own ... 
  which is also not right . 
  the holocaust was a very eastern thing . 
  of the 5,7 million jewish people killed , 3 million were polish and 1 million russian . 
  that is 70 % already . 
  then came the rumanian and hungarian jews . 
  but it was also by german planning that 1 million people starved to death in leningrad and 3 million russian pows died through starvation or epedemic . 
  also more or less planned . 
  holy shit . 
  german here speaking . 
  whatever you think about genocides , there is a reason why the holocaust is considered a very special historic event . 
  not only because of the high number of people killed ( german efficiency , mind you ) , but also because of the methods , ideology and politics ( industrial means used , state ideology , official national genocide program ) , which make it stand out in more than one way . 
  so all those things , jews coming to live here , liking it here and so on and so forth do mean a lot to us ( at least to me ) . 
  also : sorry for the brain drain we currently are on all of europe ; now including israel . 
  these days strategical missiles carry mirv warheads . 
  also their yield is usually maximised . 
  totally different stuff . 
  also because they are monitored it would be difficult to fire them in secret . 
  it 's also something else to fire a strategic nuke . 
  reading the article you will quickly find out that these are ** strategic ** nuclear warheads we are talking about . 
  everything concerning strategic nuclear weapons follows the mad doctrine and has little , if anything , to do with actual war . 
  there are very few possible scenarios , which are , luckily highly unlikely , in which those warheads will ever see usage . 
  several close encounters during the cold war have led to many , many safeguards put in place to help prevent mad . 
  even the crazy article about russia nuking a european article has little to do with * strategic * nuclear weapons . 
  they would use a tacticle nuke for that . 
  since those are not part of start , we have no idea where they could be , or even if they exist at all . 
  these weapons and their programs are top secret . 
  dude , seriously . 
  do n't even . 
  i mean . 
  merkel !!, 
  please do n't tell me it 's as bad as yours . 
  we do shit like wage dumping to undercut benelux countries in prices . 
  we do that to ourselves . 
  just to have better employment statistics than you guys . 
  is that desirable ? 
  to have tons of people working but not being able to afford a family . 
  but crimea is neither stealth nor gradually . 
  it is already annexed for cryin out loud . 
  there is nothing incremental about that . 
   russia 's meddling in eastern ukraine became a stealth invasion , which has become an overt invasion . 
  but it was all done just gradually enough , and with just enough uncertainty around each incremental escalation , that russia has managed to invade a sovereign european country , in the year 2014 , without sparking any larger war or the credible threat of any substantial response beyond sanctions . 
  this guy has already forgotten about crimea , more or less proving his point about `` red-line fatigue and lose interest '' his article is all about . 
  therefore i think this is intentionally . 
   he considered a realistic estimate to be around 1 million or even a bit below that . 
  which is still huge for a political demonstration . 
  well , it was western policy ( we need the oil ) that kept all those medival style monarchies in power all those years . 
  without us , they would have gone away a long time ago . 
  like the iranian monarch . 
  either through internal turmoil or external forces . 
  i think iraq and egypt would either have taken part of the arab peninsula or would have established their own puppet regimes . 
  either way , kuwait , uae , qatar , baharain and saudi arabia would n't exist as such without our military backing . 
  this is a myth . 
  they paid shills are n't that many . 
  but because of the severity of the pro putin reaction the media was so flabbergasted , that they even went to this conspiracy theory that all the pro putin comments are staged . 
  though this is bullshit . 
  you can either ask people on the street ( many will be pro putin ) or simply analyse the accounts of people writing pro putin stuff , many of them will have existed for years and will be full of very different opinions on all kinds of matters local and international . 
  not the kind of accounts a couple paid shills could afford to create . 
  at least not in that number . 
  which , btw . 
  is pretty sad to me . 
  i am not so much pro us , but very much anti putin . 
  for very good reasons , imho . 
  and i am sad that people tend to overlook those . 
   my experiences with iranian people has always been more cordial than my experiences with germans . 
  that 's my point . 
  while i do write about problems with anti americanism in germany , you have extended media coverage of huge anti american demonstrations in iran . 
  yet `` secrectly '' ( or not so secrectly ) they love the us over in iran . 
  but you can encounter assholes in both countries . 
  racism is everywhere . 
  to be fair ( though it might be hard to believe during these weeks of ferguson ) , racism in the us tends to be less compared to most other countries in this world , except for canada . 
  but the us ( and ferguson ) is a good example . 
  even though there is much less racism in the us compared to germany , it is all over the media and you even have racism related riots . 
  countries are large . 
  and every single individual is complex , even if that person is racist ( or anti us ) . 
  so maybe you should travel to iran and find out just how many people actually love americans over there . 
  maybe even more than in germany . 
   to be fair , it 's not like the german media is n't any less of a propaganda outlet than rt. 
    see this speech by gregor gysi if you want to actually hear someone who 's not a propagandist . 
  the german media is saying exactly the same thing gysi is saying . 
  both were very critical of the war in iraq .
