  guess who supported the extremists that took the country back to the stone age . 
  we did ( among with our nato partner usa ) . 
  wtf ? 
  why does this fucking racist guy get upvotes ? 
  what 's up reddit ? 
  for the record :  i do have problems with a culture that advocates the execution by beheading or stoning of a woman who has been raped . 
  this guy is describing extremist islam as mainstream islam culture . 
  following that logic , why do n't we declare [ kony ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y4mnpzg5sqc ) as mainstream christian culture ? 
  what the actual fuck , reddit ? 
  it 's ok to accuse a 1.5 billion people of advocating the execution of rape victims ? 
  except that it is n't a `` muslim '' problem , but an integration problem . 
  they come here with their different culture and totally clash with ours . 
  it does n't matter at all , that is is islamic . 
  the hindu have the same problem . 
  or sikh . 
  or whatever . 
  culture clash produces tons of problems . 
  but i suspect they would integrate better , if we had mixed them up better with the local population rather than putting them all together in ghettoes . 
  integration works better , if your neighbors are the people you are integrating into . 
  and the school and such . 
  not the next town over , because everyone around you is also not a local . 
  we can bitch all we want that it is `` their '' fault for not integrating or `` our '' fault for not helping them better , when in the end , both are collective accusations and bullshit . 
  a lot have integrated very well . 
  a lot ( or some ) have not . 
  maybe we should start drawing conclusions and make better plans for integration instead of using the problem for political gain and right wing populism . 
  like dumbkid ( fitting name ) , who , for some reason , currently has 13 upvotes for stating the obvious that living in a ghetto is not nice . 
  i wonder how other people living there feel about it . 
  no matter what religion ... 
  some reddit story . 
  check / r/europe . 
  it was also pretty unsubstantiated . 
  maybe even a comment . 
  i think the original source was spanish anyways . 
  `` open '' market and `` laissez-faire '' is kinda stupid . 
  because stupid libertarians think the market fixes everything . 
  why is this totally dumb ? 
  every market needs rules . 
  and there are already tons of rules and regulations starting with laws . 
  you do n't need to start studying the concept of market failure ( several completely independant concepts ) to know that the market in reality is not perfect . 
  a company that mistreats their workers wo n't go bust because the `` good '' workers simply work somewhere else . 
  reality works different than theory . 
  but there is no shortage of idiots in this world . 
  i am libertarian myself . 
  just way not as radical . 
  how much regulation is too much , how much is too little ? 
  i am not sure . 
  imho we need just the right regulation . 
  communism has it 's own problems . 
  i heard that the jobs in this town get doled out based on the personal relationship with the major of said town . 
  instead of introducing communism , why not fix capitalism ? 
  i do n't even want to discuss the merits of different austerity measures . 
  the example of greece shows how they can go horribly wrong , for example . 
  but i do believe that iceland was right in letting their banks fail and even go after some of the old elite judicially . 
  it is much healthier for a democracy and much easier for people to take austerity measures , when they see that some at the top that they deem responsible are also suffering . 
  it 's an interesting scenario . 
  does iceland do better than greece in part because of how just people think the burdens are doled out ? 
  in germany there is no such thing as an `` official opinion '' on israel , since the subject is still too touchy to even talk about . 
  apart from general statements like `` we stand by israel '' and `` the holocaust was bad '' and `` never again '' you will be hard pressed to get anything meaningful from any politician worth their salt . 
  the rest get sorted out by these kind of issues . 
  that being said , the public opinion otoh is always evolving . 
  as is the conflict . 
  it takes a while for 80 million people to change all their opinions , but i would say it moves from sympathy with israel to sympathy with palestinia . 
  but i doubt this would help the palestinians in any way , because the narrative by extremist israeli politicians is that they stand alone in the world and have to fight everyone to avoid the next holocaust . 
  changing public opinion in the world therefore helps extremist israeli politicians with their narrative and their elections . 
  and even though israel has dumbed down a lot since the 60s , they will stay smart enough not to kill palestinians en masse any time soon . 
  now look at how many people assad can kill without interference . 
  saudi arabia is still a close ally , even though it 's so completely out of whack with our values ( regular torture , disappearences , women are things , ... ) , that i do believe nato can stay friends with israel for a long time , even if conditions for palestinians in the occupied territories significantly worsens . 
  it 's a public school of any kind , someone pointed out . 
  it 's a mosque and the guy is a salafist . 
  salafists are now under very close scrunity in germany . 
  if parents would sign up their kids for this kind of class now , they would either be complete morons or they would know exactly what was going on . 
  very few german muslims subscribe to that kind of stuff . 
  they also look very young . 
  this guy is scary . 
  i remember religious class ( protestant ) in high school and it was pretty neat stuff . 
  since the teachers all had theology in university and modern theology is nothing like the old crap , it was all very mellow and philisophical . 
  something even an atheist kid could accept . 
  but this guy keeps condemning people and religions . 
  wrong continent, 
  scientifically humans should be purged from earth , because they destroy nature . 
  lulz or maybe just hearded into prisons like in that will smith flick i , robot . 
  while it might be historically correct to compare the eastern expansion of russia towards the pacific to the colonization of africa and asia by other european powers , i have a feeling that russians today would deeply resent this comparison for it 's implications . 
  i know what you mean and agree on a cultural basis . 
  but georgraphy makes a strong point , when you take a look on the map . 
  i know . 
  but geographically it 's kinda stupid . 
  if you count russia in with europe . 
  europe reaches the pacific . 
  and most of turkey is also in what is , geographically , considered asia . 
  counting medals by continents is mhm [ pause ] difficult . 
  this just illustrates the point . 
  what about asia and europe ? 
  is turkey in europe or in asia ? 
  what about russia ? 
  yet they still cut off the umbilical cord . 
  and they would cut off other parts of an infant if they would deem it necessary . 
  it 's not `` plain wrong '' . 
  it 's not `` torture '' . 
  it 's not whatever some bigot racist anti semite would call it . 
  it is , imho , an unnecessary medical procedure .
