  isis sure still knows how to play the media like they always do . 
  and they always find gullible people that soak up whatever they produce . 
  be it videos of people they kill or statements such as that . 
  they stay in the media . 
  was n't chirac the guy that first tried to sell nuclear power plants to gaddafi , then on the main force behind bombing him away and afterwards did not have a plan on what to do with libya ? 
  at least isis seems to have a plan on what they want to do there . 
  and while we are making plans : how do you want to `` reinforce '' sea borders against sinking ships that do n't even make it as far as land ? 
  the drone operators and pilots could be `` military advisors '' , while the ground troops could be mercenaries . 
  one thing does n't rule out the other . 
  do budget questions ever play a role in military operations ? 
  the americans spent a fortune in iraq and then some . 
  for nothing . 
  a german commander from afghanistan went on television to complain that there is too little spending and rebuilding effort . 
  which makes the military mission worthless . 
  germany spent millions of euros each year for the military mission , but at lot less on rebuilding infrastructure and helping afghan civil society to get off the ground . 
  everyone knows this . 
  but still no change . 
  i guess it is a lot easier to budget for military matters than anything else . 
  assad is a `` strategic ally '' of russia in that region . 
  does that makes sense ? 
  maybe you should ask someone from the military ? 
  they could be mercenaries . 
  as russian as blackwater is american . 
  no direct order , but blackwater ( or whatever their current name is and similar mercenary companies ) is very dependent on pentagon contracts and would n't fight against american interest , even for big money . 
  they could n't risk losing their us government contracts . 
  but mercenaries are expensive . 
  who pays them ? 
  iran 's mercenaries for this is called hezbollah . 
  and they are already fighting alongside assad against rebels . 
  so it is very likely that they are directly or indirectly under orders from moscow . 
  this kind of mission creep happens a lot of times . 
  you give a little finger ( advisors , weapons , diplomatic support ) and end up fighting the war . 
  the us involvement in vietnam is a very well documented example , if you want to read up on that . 
  but certainly not the only one , since this kind of thing seems to occur almost naturally . 
  i am certainly no expert , but did you read this ? 
  `` according to military prosecutor , a btr armoured vehicle drove close to the school and opened fire from its 14.5 x114mm kpv heavy machine gun at the windows on the second floor . 
  eyewitnesses ( among them totoonti and kesayev ) and journalists saw two t-72 tanks advance on the school that afternoon , at least one of which fired its 125 mm main gun several times . 
  during the later trial , tank commander viktor kindeyev testified to having fired `` one blank shot and six antipersonnel-high explosive shells '' on orders from the fsb . '', 
  not being an expert , if you have about 1000 hostages and a couple dozen hostage takers among them , what do you think you get from firing `` antipersonnel-high explosive shells '' ? 
  while being no expert , i do happen to know that anti-personnel ammunition is fragmentation ammunition . 
  you shoot a huge granade that explodes and sends hundreds of metal fragments in all directions killing or maiming everyone in the vicinity without cover . 
  hostage takers are likely to take cover , while hostages are likely to be out . 
  so by ordering the tank commander to use anti-personnel ammunition , the fsb obviously planned on killing as many hostages as possible . 
  no other explanation is possible for such a choice of weapon . 
  check the wikipedia article . 
  the russian forces used tanks that fired high explosive anti personnel ammunition through the main gun as well as heavy machine guns on automatic fire and several grenade rocket launchers . 
  that operation was n't a rescue operation . 
  if you use tanks like that , you want to kill and do n't care about hostages , period . 
  you make it sound like the refugees somehow have it `` better '' in some way or get preferential treatment . 
  i get this vibe from a lot of comments . 
  in germany we have a name for that which does n't translate into english , because i thought this was a very german thing : `` sozialneid '' . 
  i guess i was wrong ? 
  judging from the comments on / r/europe that get more hateful every day . 
  i would say any news about immigrants currently seems to `` fuel '' anti-immigration sentiment on / r/europe, 
  a voice of reason at the top ? 
  thank you / r/europe !, 
  you just made my day . 
   romanians , at least 90 % from the majority i know ( i shall not speak in the name of my fellow citizens although maybe i could ) do not like rromi . 
  so you are saying 90 % of romanians are racist ? 
  that is pretty offensive . 
  and i do n't care what flag is next to your name . 
  you did n't understand what i was saying ?? 
  romanians are the victims of stereotyping in germany . 
  yet you do the same with romani people and with refugees . 
  this is something i do n't quite get . 
  a lot of romanian people on / r/reddit i talked to lately seem to be very racist towards romani , but offended that other people are racist against them . 
  it 's the same fucking thing . 
  when you stereotype a group of people you stereotype a group of people . 
  the stereotypes against romani are so strong all over europe , that even romanians are grouped into that . 
  we have poor brown people in berlin that beg for money or con people or tourists with little tricks . 
  those might be romani or not . 
  those might be from serbia , bulgaria , romania or whatever . 
  but for some reason or another , the current sentiment is that those are `` romanians '' . 
  the point is that it is ** wrong ** to a ) assume all of them hail from romania , or that romania or romanians are to blame for that and b ) to make any group responsible for the actions of individuals since both of these sentiments are natural and people need at least some brains to prevent themselves from being a racist dickhead and doing this all the time , i understand that it does n't matter if you are a victim of this or not to also do these things with others . 
  a victim of racism can be as perfectly racist as any other human being . 
  what really gets me is that some people do n't even get this point if you hit them upside the head with it , showing them the exact example where they have become victims of this . 
  and they still do n't get it . 
  the lack of brain is astounding . 
  was it einstein who said : `` two things are infinite : the universe and human stupidity ; and i 'm not sure about the universe !, 
  migrants are criminals ? 
  you do know that in germany we have a strong racist sentiment that all romanians are criminals , right ? 
  even more so than other migrants , possible from africa or arab countries . 
  so for a german , this is pretty rich coming from romania . 
   in the case of syria that would be turkey/lebanon . 
  in the case of libya either algeria , or egypt or tunisia . 
  do n't you think this has been discussed with those countries before ? 
  they do n't take them . 
   above all , it does not solve the problem . 
  accepting tens of thousands of people is treating the symptoms , instead of battling the source . 
  the civil war in syria is fueled by regional conflicts ( sunni vs shia , gulf monarchies vs iran ) and international conflicts ( nato vs russia ) . 
  we have a stake in both conflicts , because the gulf monarchies are our allies . 
  we need the oil , so we support medieval regimes . 
  which , in turn , go around the globe and support muslim extremism . 
  which destabilizes a lot of places . 
  that is what we do . 
  and the refugees are a result of that . 
   the immigrants dont get to demolish our welfare states . 
  why would you think that after what happened in 2008 and what keeps happening in greece ? 
  in germany we have this joke . 
  / u/alexthexander , a refugee and an investment banker sit in a room with 30 cookies on the table .
