   the court dropped charges against 2 of them because they did not take part and were therefor innocent . 
  dammit , why ca n't we deport innocent people ? 
  our values prevent us from protecting our values . 
  we have to drop our values , otherwise we wo n't be able to protect our values against them . 
   but terrorism is ever present in my religion and has been since the time of irans shah . 
  terrorism is present in all religions . 
  so what ? 
   you are showing your true colours now child . 
  lol  please stop replying to me . 
  i just checked back was this conversation was about . 
  you went from [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3alkhl/video_mohammed_cartoons_geert_wilders/csemuae ) . 
  where you said muslims need to stop blowing up people for what they publish , which is racist bullcrap ( as i showed in the link ) , to `` i am muslim and this is about muslims as victims of terrorism '' , which is a whole different issue and is about local conflicts wherever they occur . 
  what you write is in no way coherent . 
  you are no muslim . 
  you are simply a racist troll shitlord . 
  wow , you totally hurt me . 
  you won . 
  i need to grow up . 
  i need to learn that muslims are terrorists . 
  to understand conflict in the world how the media is teaching me . 
  there is good and evil . 
  and muslim is evil . 
  thank you for sharing your great wisdom , master . 
   any soldier can fundamentally be defined as a `` terrorist '' too . 
  this is about the definition of the battlefield . 
  a soldier fights on a defined battlefield a warzone . 
  even irregular forces often keep to those battlefields . 
  guerilla fighters attacking the infrastructure of an enemy go outside the battlefield . 
  isis does this after they were attacked in syria to strike back at the infrastructure of their attackers . 
  which is one definition of `` terrorism '' . 
  drone war is pretty close to that . 
  there is no `` clear '' definition of terrorism as you would like . 
  and certainly no clear line you can draw between the charlston shooter and other muslims extremists . 
   i was learning about this at the age of 15 . 
  you are so much smarter than me . 
  enlighten me with your wisdom , you muslim prophet . 
   again , i am a muslim . 
  so what ? 
  i do n't give a shit about what or who you are . 
  i answer to the things you write . 
  i could be a martian living on the moon and you could be poseidon the god of the sea . 
  it does n't mean shit . 
   all i have done is said that the islamic community has a problem with terrorism . 
  not more or less than any other society . 
  except that the media focuses on that . 
  there are improvished countries that have trouble with political violence . 
  egypt currently convicts massive scores of people to death for political reason , for example . 
  but those `` problems '' pale in comparison to other countries . 
  this is n't about islam itself . 
   go to any imam and they will admit this readily , because we ( muslims ) hear about terrorism perpetrated by muslims against other muslims . 
  every . 
  single . 
  day . 
  yes , because that is what the media focuses on . 
  instead of the scores of people executed in saudi arabia in public for trumped up charges every single day oh , those are muslims extremists as well , you say . 
  no shit !, 
  are those terrorists ? 
  depends on the definition of terrorism ? 
   so do n't tell me i 'm being racist for admitting the truth . 
  you are a fucking idiot for believing anything the media is telling you . 
  i guess you do n't even know what isis is really about . 
  most of isis military in northern iraq were former saddam/sunni military that were marginilized after the us invasion and the subsequent rise to power of the shia from the south . 
  this is sectarian/ethnic just as much as this is about religion . 
  there is much more to `` muslim '' violence than `` terrorism '' . 
  there is ethnic trouble , there are tribes that fight each other . 
  for example in libya . 
  and it gets much worse the further south you go in africa , even though it becomes less and less muslim . 
  because violence there is about tribes fighting for power and resources . 
    the ones that work together and form vast networks of `` cells '' and recruit new members with their sham propaganda . 
  again , check your definition of terrorism . 
  most likely , drone killings fit it as well . 
  the pentagon is certainly a large organization . 
  you can toss and turn all you like , but you wo n't be able to tie `` terror '' exclusively to `` muslim '' . 
  and all that talk to make this connection is certainly racist . 
  i do n't give a shit if you are part of that . 
  there are self hating everythings . 
  including gays , jews and blacks . 
  dude , facebook is a network . 
  conservative muslims are n't better or worse than the tea party in the us . 
  and your definition of terrorism is racist . 
  plain and simple . 
  because you are a fucking racist . 
  are you offended ? 
   i 'm not going to accept that people think its okay to kill others for displaying a drawing . 
  then i guess you should n't read facebook , when people post about their violent fantasies every time another witch hunt is on for animal abusers ( remember the time someone posted pictures of kittens getting beaten ? ) . 
  people post and think all kinds of shit . 
  it 's not like they would act on that . 
   there is a difference between `` get all pissy '' and blow you up/kill your family . 
  that is what this is all about , conservative muslims need to stop killing people for doing something they do n't like . 
  you are a fucking racist asshole . 
  so what ? 
  are you offended . 
  conservative muslims may think bad or that it is ok to kill someone . 
  people think and say all kinds of stupid stuff . 
  [ terrorism is a whole other thing . 
  ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/01/14/are-all-terrorists-muslims-it-s-not-even-close.html ) and it is all racist bullcrap . 
  the guy that shot up the people in charleston was n't a terrorist ? 
  the guy that flew a plane into the irs building was n't either ? 
  crazy people do crazy shit and kill people . 
  and some of them may be muslim from time to time .
