  and a religion , [ according to wikipedia , ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion ) * may have organized behaviors , clergy , a definition of what constitutes adherence or membership , holy places , and scriptures * . 
  you , on the other hand , define islam as only a dogma . 
  which is a vastly different thing . 
  now imagine if we were talking about thousands upon thousands of pages in a millenia old book . 
  no wonder so many people interpret completely opposite things , would n't you agree ? 
  but this , again , is not the point . 
  why should i defend religion ? 
  this discussion , as i have pointed out a lot of times , and i must say , again , i find it disheartening that i have to repeat myself and i have to ask you to pay better attention , is not about religion or defending it . 
  it is about racism and prejudices and how they work . 
  both rational-wiki and wikipedia describe anti-semitism as being about a culture . 
  people choose to become jews and are discriminated against . 
  people are born into islam and are discriminated against . 
  people are born with dark skin and are discriminated against . 
  it does n't matter . 
  haters gon na hate . 
  that is all we are talking about . 
  and i wrote that in so many ways so many different times . 
  i am at a loss for words . 
   you 've demonstrated low cognitive ability . 
  therefore , one should use appropriate descriptors for you . 
  no comment, 
   pre-abrahamic societies were a lot less homophobic i guess you are referring to the greeks , since those are the ones we have a lot of records about . 
  i would like to refer you to [ this comment in a recent reddit discussion on greeks and homosexuality ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/history/comments/31mjdu/greeks_and_homosexuality/cq2xi4e ) . 
  i would say they are similar to muslims in their view on the matter . 
  the stuff i described in my comment about saudi arabia would also apply to some extend . 
   ffs , the number of idiots that think ideologies are only `` excuses '' !, 
  well , if you interpret the gospel in europe these days , you would get a total pacifist ( hold the other cheek ) . 
  jesus makes that pretty clear . 
  but us military personnel ( which tends to be very religious ) points to some other part ( pick up a sword ) , which is only one or maybe two sentences in the whole gospel and justify going to war with those . 
  that is more than flimsy , yet that is their interpretation . 
  while there is ample evidence , that the `` hold the other cheek '' is central to the preachings . 
  we have been over this , iirc . 
  though i am afraid to link back to previous comments , because you seem to react very strongly to me pointing out that we were finished with a certain issue . 
   you fantastic imbecile . 
  why do you feel the need to insult me this way ? 
  i am really wondering . 
  you do this pretty often . 
  i am not claiming there are no problems with religion . 
  i never did . 
  i simply pointed out , that things are a little more complicated . 
  as they always are . 
  as i pointed out before , prejudices originate within a person . 
  only after the fact they are looking for ways to justify their hatred . 
  a homophobic person will look to religion to justify their feelings . 
  societies are more or less conservative and this does n't strictly correlate with homphobic tendencies over the centuries . 
  just because there is currently a religiously infused `` debate '' on homosexuality in the us and europe , mainly concerning marriage , does n't mean much . 
  and the homophobic laws in islamic countries are currently more or less a result of an international rise of saudi backed extreme versions of islam . 
  only a couple decades ago , when europe still had laws against homosexuals in many places ( people in germany committed suicide for being outed by zealous judges in western germany in the 60s ) , islamic countries were much more relaxed with homosexual behaviour . 
  even now , in saudi arabia itself , the picture is mixed . 
  because intersex relations are very limited , same sex relations are much more close . 
  they have different concepts of relationships anyways . 
  because they are so sexist . 
  when women are n't worthy of anything , men tend to prefer to have close relationships with other men . 
  and in a household with many women and only one men , descrete relations between the women is also tolerated to some extend . 
  add to that the fact the half the catholic clergy is gay , and you do n't have a clear picture at all . 
  but this is all besides the point . 
   article 's picture is `` god hates fags '' good point . 
  the same guy could be standing there and only change the word `` fags '' to `` muslims '' . 
  which is simply what i tried to point out . 
  haters be haters ... 
  i am sorry . 
  i must have missed something . 
  does the article mention religion in any way ? 
  [ i would n't make such a fuss about it , unfortunately the impact of hate , no matter what the cause or the object of discrimination , is very real . 
  :-( ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/03/03/homophobia-impact-_n_4889287.html ), 
  i keep guessing , because you do n't say . 
  there are countless instances where i had to guess where this discussion was/is going , because you refuse to even say why you feel i attacked . 
  again , i think this must be a huge misunderstanding anyways , since the topics we are talking about , [ islamic culture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_culture ) and [ islamophobia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamophobia ) , are as evident as the sun in the sky , yet for some reason you keep hinting you doubt their mere existence . 
  though you do n't even fully aknowledge that . 
  what is your position anyways ? 
   keep thinking that , lulz . 
  why do n't you enlighten me , for once ? 
  but why ? 
  why did you suddenly went back to full on angry mode ? 
  you were coming back to a couple points that we had discarded for being obviously junk . 
  when i pointed it out to you , you repeated one of them . 
  when i then linked to two instances where i had not only refuted it for being obviously horseshit , but also posted a superfluous link ( because it is part of the definition of the word ) . 
  you went totally ballistic . 
  are you mad at yourself or something ? 
  your main confusion seems to stem from the fact that when people rail against islam , they rail against people . 
  while you seem to try and live in a different world where you can rail against theoretical concepts like dogmas that are pure evil and have nothing to do with people . 
  that may be how it sometimes works in the academic world . 
  but out here in the real world , when church leaders chant `` love the sinner but hate the sin '' , they may even delude themselves into thinking that they love homosexuals , but the real result of these rants and demonstrations is discrimination against lgbt people . 
  not some abstract concept of sin . 
  people get hurt . 
  this is how this world works . 
  because for most people `` islam '' or any other relgion like `` christianity '' means more than dogma ? 
  because most people would say that things like churches , people like the pope and cultural things like church music are a part of `` christianity '' ? 
  and if we talk about words like `` islamophobia '' , we need to use definitions of words that are commonly used ? 
  are you really mad about that ? 
  or are you mad that i explain it ? 
  or are you mad that i do n't change definitions of words the way you think they are , without you even explaining exactly what you mean , because you mostly answer in one line riddles ? 
  i seriously am completely lost as to why you suddenly went angry . 
  you say all these things , but never explain them . 
  wait , you say religion ( islam ) is only ideology . 
  all i am saying that muslims are part of islam . 
  just as a big part of culture and a lot of other stuff . 
  is that nonsense ? 
  especially when talking about islamophobia . 
  hell , [ michael page ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wisconsin_sikh_temple_shooting ) thought even sikhs are part of islam .
