  he actually achieved what he wanted , because prodi only lasted 2 years and berlusconi got elected again after that . 
  1 ) the law is fucked up for two different reasons : a. 
  it uses two different criteria for the lower house and the senate . 
  the party/coalition that gets even one vote more than the others automatically gets 55 % of the seats , to ensure governability . 
  however , for parties get seats in the senate on a regional basis , meaning that the party that controls the three most populated regions lombardy , veneto and sicily ( traditionally the right wing ) has a great advantage . 
  the law does n't allow citizens to choose the representatives , only the party . 
  2 ) parties tend to team up in order to get more votes . 
  pdl + lega is a classic , why the left wing usually finds it more difficult to have common points . 
  3 ) we fear that , if the current electoral law is n't changed , m5s could grow to 30 % in a future election . 
  this would be a disaster because they would get 55 % of the seats in the lower house and could rule the country . 
  problem is that they are all completely inexperienced , and it really is not the right time for italy to take risks with our current financial situation . 
  also , the party is totally controlled by its leader , grillo , who decides on a personal basis who to keep and who to expel . 
  some have compared them to the early fascist party . 
  4 ) bersani has great majority in the lower house , however they will most likely try to find an alliance with monti for the senate and hope grillo wo n't get too much in their way . 
  grillo + berlusconi and monti + berlusconi are completely impossible . 
  i 'm 19 . 
  i was born in 1994 , the same year berlusconi became prime minister for the first time . 
  one could say i have lived all my life with him as our political leader . 
  now , these were my first elections , and i really hoped we could make a change , but ... 
  just like what it is now in dubai . 
  * only if they realise what they did was wrong and they 're seriously repented . 
  every time . 
  she always remembers everybody 's namedays . 
  russia is not yurop !!, 
   it 's not really our problem how things are arranged in italy , it 's your coast after all , bare the responsibility for it . 
  as i said , that 's very convenient for you , is n't it ? 
  i do know how to . 
  it 's very convenient for you that your geographical location means you 're not the first place refugees try to reach . 
  right now italy 's doing all the work , and judging by the state of our refugee facilities we 're not prepared to handle such numbers . 
  so we get fined by the eu because our facilities are shit and degrading ( quite frankly , they are ) . 
  we also get fined if we attempt to send them back . 
  so , other european countries need to do their part too . 
  want us to continue doing all the work ? 
  sure . 
  but then you must accept to take some of them in . 
  you want to send them back ? 
  also fine . 
  have some ships in the mediterranean , rescue a share of these people yourselves and send them back against international treaties , but it 's your responsibility . 
  we will not stand back and watch these people drown , they 're human beings too . 
  and we 're not barbarians . 
  europe . 
  please . 
  help . 
  our overall economy is pretty big . 
  definitely . 
  have you ever been to london ? 
  that 's where the vast majority of people go . 
  and the prices are wild . 
  to be honest , it is . 
  or at least it would be much more enjoyable without all the tourists . 
  but that would be an economical catastrophe . 
  i 'd never heard of it before i moved away from italy . 
  it 's actually so trashy it 's pretty entertaining . 
  ** edit : ** i mean , [ epic sax guy ] ( https://youtu.be/c-vmholcyw8?t=1m22s ) comes from there !, 
  top quality stuff . 
  well i mean , it 's their own choice . 
  we wo n't let you down , europe !, 
  really ? 
  yes , however if the eu referendum goes though and britain chooses to leave , then scotland will have all grounds to ask for another independence referendum . 
  does anyone know if it 's possible to find forecast for other countries as well ? 
  how about [ kitchen stories ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=skyyhjfxmva ) ? 
  to be honest it 's not that hard to be to the left of the uk . 
  this is just not true . 
  is that meant to be * u wot m8 * ? 
  if so better luck with * ( che ) cazzo dici ? 
  * ( the fuck are you saying ? ), 
  * ( the fuck are you doing ? 
  i thought this was going to be about the eurovision, 
  we had beef with them, 
  come on guys , this is not enough !, 
  just because we 're winning it does n't mean we can slack off . 
  reported to the food police !, 
  because , strictly from personal experience , when provided with very good pasta brands the majority of foreigners still overcook it . 
  you mean `` crostoli '' , right ? 
  this will make for some quality conversation with my british housemates !, 
  til there is a distinction between an art museum and an art gallery . 
  is this going to be strictly for eu countries ? 
  because i 'm looking forward to the norwegian one . 
  you mean hull , the 2017 uk city of culture ? 
  that hull ? 
  [ great blog ] ( http://www.padaniaclassics.com/en/# ) which gathers the most depressing pictures of the po valley in northern italy . 
  i want to believe, 
  i 'm from italy . 
  i 've been living in the uk for the past 3 years so i speak english fluently , with a slight accent from which apparently people can never guess where i 'm from . 
  i also lived in norway for a year so i can speak norwegian ( and therefore understand swedish and written danish to some extent ) though it 's a bit rusty and it would take me some time to pick it back up . 
  being italian comes with the ability to understand and make up some basic spanish on the go . 
  i also studied latin 5 hours a week for 5 years when i was in high school , although that 's probably a bit rusty too now . 
  when i was in elementary school i started taking some lessons of french and german but i was n't very interested and eventually dropped both . 
  when i came to university i learnt there was the option of taking an extracurricular language course . 
  i chose japanese ( still studying it ) as i thought i already had a fair amount of experience and i wanted to try something new . 
  i 've lived in norway for a bit when i was 17 , moved back to italy at 18 and then to the uk at 19 . 
  i can tell you from personal experience that around that age italians do tend to be much more interested in history and art than their norwegian and british peers . 
  i have done this and i can safely say it was the best experience of my life . 
  i feel like cashiers start acting rude on purpose when you buy cigarettes in the uk . 
  also the prices are just insane . 
  the first time i came to london i got off the train at liverpool st. and just outside there were loads of bins with ashtrays on top and no-smoking signs carved on the side . 
  not at all , it 's simply that they do n't seem to like it very much . 
  the uk think they can do better outside of the eu . 
  i personally disagree , but it 's their own choice . 
  what i 'm saying is that there is little point in staying if they need to suffer through any decision the eu makes because they do n't like it .
