i walked el camino de santiago this summer , and seeing all these pictures made me a bit sad ... : ' - ), 
  how actually strong is the independence movement ? 
  what percentage of the catalan people supports it ? 
  is it just spain to keep them from leaving ? 
   it would hurt them as much as it would hurt the rest of eu if not more . 
  our public transport is not particularly , ahem , efficient . 
  we do n't have much choice . 
  indeed . 
  also , they were allowed to come back in 2002 , and since then you can sometimes see the current `` prince '' in various low quality but highly popular reality/talent tv shows . 
  the concept of a monarchy does n't make any sense in 2014 , but i believe it 's an important symbol for a country and its citizens . 
  it helps increasing the feeling of national identity . 
  that being said , we exiled our royal family with a referendum in 1946 and they 're now involved in some sort of prostitution/gambling and other dodgy things in switzerland . 
  so , yeah . 
  well , you ca n't say he does n't listen to the people . 
  really ? 
  i 've always bought alcohol in sainsbury 's with my italian driving licence . 
  then you ca n't provide valid evidence . 
  well , i 'm studying in the uk and god bless sainsbury 's 3kg spaghetti for # 3.80 . 
  or pasta !, 
  loads of it !, 
  i do n't think inexperience is something we can afford right now . 
  one of my favourite ones is [ kitchen stories ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kitchen_stories ) , from norway , although i do n't know if that counts because i have actually lived in norway . 
  i also quite like [ l'auberge espagnole ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l'auberge_espagnole ) , which is french-spanish . 
  wow , i did n't know this site . 
  it 's actually quite useful !, 
  it 's higher up , like this : 5 \u2022 10 = 50 when you write quickly it can easily slip down a bit . 
  i still prefer it though , because there 's no mistake with the variable x. 
  i 'm not sure why we use commas , to be honest . 
  however , i ca n't help but seeing a relationship with the fact that you do n't use the dot as a symbol of multiplication as we do ( and i think also other continental countries ? 
  ) , as it would probably get confused with the decimal dot . 
  i was n't surprised . 
  i do n't trust those sneaky bastards either . 
  i would really like to comment that this makes it seem so much worse than it actually is but , in fact , it 's just about right . 
  pff , they wish . 
  you could travel from rome to venice by train , then from there you can get a thello train that departs at 8 pm from venice and arrives in paris at 9am . 
  i picked italy . 
  i mean , we just ca n't speak . 
  yeah , as i said , i had a doubt myself . 
  i had this doubt and i checked . 
  apparently effugio in the sense of `` avoid '' demands accusative . 
  only certain schools teach latin . 
  i used to be a lot better , but apparently a year is enough to forget quite a lot of things ... 
  i just answered the call !, 
  my latin is a bit rusty though . 
  i used to hate it when i moved to the uk but then they apparently turned me british little by little because now i ca n't have tea without milk . 
  defenceless ? 
  what exactly is threatening us ? 
  these guys are just ridiculous . 
  the ask for changes , but then they ca n't agree on what kind of changes . 
  half of them support berlusconi , half of them grillo . 
  yes . 
  at least i do . 
  but then why would n't you reduce it by 99.9 % by using a condom instead ? 
  it just makes no sense . 
  in no way circumcision prevents aids . 
  that 's what condoms are for . 
  it 's mutilation , it 's irreversible , they do it without your consent , it causes dryness and it drastically reduces the sensibility of the glans . 
  i can see only downsides . 
  it was about time . 
  ^ this, 
  they will certainly add some subs . 
  for me , i just had to stop watching it . 
  completely disgusting . 
  because right-wing politicians have already said that they wo n't tolerate their leader being unjustly condemned and they intend to resign . 
  he is releasing a declaration at the moment , pure rubbish . 
  he 's saying that magistrates are irresponsible and politicised , that he has been persecuted for the last 20 years , that he is a brilliant politician and the only one who can fight the communist party ( as if we still had one ) . 
  and he talks about himself in third person !, 
  i ca n't even stand watching it . 
  i 'd love the idea of the eu becoming an economic and political union . 
  since my country does n't give me many reasons to be proud of it , i must say that i 've always felt more european than italian . 
  however , i do think the eu expanded a bit too fast before it was completely ready to do so , and that this may be one of the causes of the present crisis . 
  so while i love the fact that we are 28 now , we should have done it a bit more thoughtfully . 
  i sometimes eat it as a snack in the afternoon . 
  risotto , as you would probably expect . 
  oh , i missed this !, 
  yeah , that would be great , but they 're never gon na manage to do that ... 
  italy  how is it taught ? 
  what does it cover ? 
  ( in broad lines ) it is basically just games and some fitness . 
  in my class , for instance , we usually warm up , we do some stretching , we exercise on a particular game and then we have a match of that game ( it can be basket , volleyball , handball ... ) . 
  it highly depends on the teacher , though . 
  for instance my brother 's teacher really likes volleyball , so they always play volleyball . 
   does it count towards the score/average/whatever for college ? 
  no , not really . 
  it does count for the final exams ( 25 % of the total score is given by the average final grade of the last 3 years of school , including pe ) , however italian universities never use the final grade as a criterion , so ...  how much time of it do you have ? 
  2 hours a week , compulsory , usually one right after the other so we have more time to do stuff . 
   about physical education in your country ... nope , i do n't know if it should , but we just do n't have it . 
  no , we just do sports . 
  it 's very easy for a people to blame others for their own fault . 
  i mean , we do have some examples in history , do n't we ? 
  the idea italian parties ( mainly right-wing parties actually ) are trying to spread now is that our economy is bad because the germans imposed austerity , and could grillo disagree , with his `` let 's fuck the system '' attitude ? 
  of course rational italians know perfectly that it was n't the germans and that we definitely needed austerity , however we are not very influent at the moment ... 
  it depends : if i go for the taste , i use a moka . 
  however , if i need someting that will keep me awake for some hours i go for drip-brewed coffee . 
  i was exchange student in norway last year , and i really thought non-italians did n't know what a moka was at all . 
  but then i saw my hostmother use one and i thought `` hey , what a pleasing suprise !, 
  '' , but then she ( ** blasphemy ** ) diluted that marvellous black dense liquid with hot water . 
  that said , norwegians , your coffee is n't bad at all . 
  yeah , berlusconi made that law in a hurry just before he lost to prodi in 2006 elections . 
  it was meant to be an advantage for him , since it gave more seats to the most populated regions ( lombardy , veneto and sicily ) which are traditionally held by the right wing .
