  well they might consider it if you would actually join the eurozone . 
  did you seriously think our government gave infants condoms ? 
  i 'm not sure i should be offended or amused !, 
  finland was never invaded or occupied by sweden because swedes had already long been in control of the region now known as finland before the term finland was coined . 
  in fact for the longest time finland was just a small part of the current finland , just a relatively small region , that was then later renamed [ finland proper ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finland_proper_%28historical_province%29 ) when the whole of the current finland was started to be referred to as finland . 
  finland , or rather [ \u00d6sterland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c3%96sterland ) , was for everyone as a natural part of sweden as any of the other - lands in its kingdom until russia invaded and occupied it . 
  in fact the loss of finland ( or more accurately \u00d6sterland ) was seen as a national disaster . 
  so alright you could be extremely anal about it and say that the geographical area now know as finland was indeed occupied by the swedes but then you must also concede by the same definition that norrland is also currently being occupied by svealand which is the birth place of [ svea rike ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/svealand ) which is the precursor state to what we now know as sweden ( g\u00f6taland was a part of the very early [ consolidation of sweden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consolidation_of_sweden ) so we ca n't even when being anal say that about it ), 
  finland is culturally , historically , politically and in every way except strictly geographically much closer to the rest of scandinavia than russia . 
  not to tout our own horn too much ; but we finns are apparently pretty good at burning waste to energy and heat . 
  nice to see it combined too !, 
  going by the whole pizza comparison it looks to even out quite nicely between here in finland and over there in norway . 
  when i compare the average gross $ it 's is not quite double for you while the average pizza does n't cost quite double over there either but both are pretty close to double either way . 
  we never had them to begin with in finland . 
  yeah i was 13 at the time and it was just generally cool to get new coins and bills . 
  heh , alright . 
  i thought that was a little odd :p, 
  the estonian word for orange , apelsinipuu means orange tree in finnish . 
  102 to 107 aw yeah . 
  i would imagine you have to be , otherwise you could n't ' afford to live there . 
  yes ... we do . 
  though i 'm sort of the reason why we learn swedish , since i 'm part of the [ swedish-speaking population of finland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish-speaking_population_of_finland ) . 
  so it 's actually reverse for me , i had mandatory finnish from elementary onwards . 
  fair enough . 
   people from fucking finland woah now whats wrong with finland ? 
  pretty sure i 've never tipped here in my life . 
   * ovidiu is not the student 's real name . 
  he did it again !, 
   having or relating to a system of government in which several states form a unity but remain independent in internal affairs . 
  sounds good to me . 
  looks quite similar to the current finnish one . 
  well i 'm not technically scandinavian but my mother tongue is swedish , so i too find it really odd . 
  it would be absolute mayhem if we did n't restrict it . 
  i 'm a swedish speaking ( finlandssvenske ) so i would be more or less okay with that . 
  i would approve of a second kalmar union ( from the europe in 2022 map ) . 
  a nice gesture , even if it 's `` just '' a gesture , is more than we are used to getting these days . 
  i wish i knew !, 
  huh ... maybe i should go work in norway then as it seems to be no jobs here in finland . 
  my mother tongue is swedish anyway ... 
  in the year of our lord , 2014 , patriots of scotland , starving and outnumbered , charged the courts of the european commission . 
  they fought like warrior poets . 
  they fought like scotsmen . 
  and won their freedom . 
  it was my first proper workplace after graduating , only managed to get 1,5 years worth of experience while most places want 3 years . 
  i hate that i 'm adding to that statistic but the company i was working for went under and it 's apparently difficult to find jobs . 
  they are not armed . 
  right , right , more like porsche ... owns volkswagen i guess ? 
  sure , i doubt porsche buyers cares about diesel emissions ... or emissions in general . 
  they own audi , bentley , bugatti , lamborghini , porsche , seat and \u0160koda . 
  http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/russia/11702328/russian-forces-practised-invasion-of-norway-finland-denmark-and-sweden.html  other russian forces rehearsed the capture of the aland islands from finland . 
  more ** units drilled how to seize gotland island ** from sweden and bornholm island from denmark . 
  did they lie about this ? 
  i seem to remember them only claiming to have found a sub in swedish waters that is most likely russian . 
  all of that checks out so far . 
  in terms of population yes , in terms of area no . 
  finnish `` cities '' are small , expect for helsinki . 
  but espoo is certainly not a suburb of helsinki , even though people living in helsinki might think so . 
  no no , espoo is great , i live here too . 
  it 's just funny because espoo is classified as a city just like helsinki , not a suburb . 
  no i mean everyone is taught swedish whether they like or not , if that 's a good or bad thing i wo n't debate but for now that 's how it is . 
  hello from espoo !, 
  shitty summer we have had eh ? 
  we totally use swedish , taught in every school . 
  if greece falls out of the eurozone the economic fallout will be absolutely devastating for greece ; why in the world would the countries you listed want to follow that ? 
  i think taking loans and not paying them back is an act of aggression as much as that . 
   the creditors ca n't do anything could n't they just put some sanctions on greece then ? 
  i do n't think you can just default on the debt and do n't have to pay it back . 
  i mean you can default on debt and leave the eu and emu and all that ... but the debt remains , right ? 
  if the us is so worried maybe they should loan greece a few , hundred , billion euros . 
  well , here is to hoping i get vote in this . 
  if he did n't want to resign then he must have been forced to resign , does n't that mean he got fired basically ? 
  what ? 
  i hope the arrange a eu vote if greece votes no , where we can vote if we want to send more money to them . 
  yes . 
  next : russia investigates legality of russias independence, 
  [ youtube link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6vc9xyz5lkg ), 
   medicinechest.co.uk  medicincest.co.uk, 
  and even putin does n't want to mess with nato . 
  oh right , well expect for putin . 
   fuck estonia the moment that happens nato ceases to exist and no-one wants that . 
   or does it ? 
  how about a quick land grab up in lappland , big enough to mess up your defence but not too big to provoke article 5 ? 
  it would obviously invoke article 5 , there is no land grab small enough not to not invoke it . 
   russians shot down a civil airliner , murdered 300 people , plundered their possessions and left the bodies to rot in the open for weeks . 
  and you think could have done this in say norway ? 
  poland ? 
  the uk ? 
   not finland , rather those who would be eager to come to her defense . 
  like poland , us , uk perhaps . 
  in fact , they did just that recently , see here . 
  that 's why finland needs to join nato . 
  there is nothing in nato that says that they will only invoke article 5 if no nuclear threats are issued . 
   you seem to be assuming a full on war ; as we 've seen in recent years , this is an unlikely outcome ; rather , putin has mastered to navigate the grey zone through the use of hybrid warfare where military might is supported and augmented by a whole host of methods to which currently nato has no answer . 
  that kind of tactics do n't work in for example finland . 
  in fact it wo n't work in a lot of countries . 
   if russia for instance generated a false flag attack like they did at the beginning of the winter war , exterminated an entire village at own side of the border , immediately disseminated a whole host of `` evidence '' pinning it on a rogue finnish artillery regiment then you have to ask yourself who would nato believe ? 
  a actively militant and defiant russia or a nato finland ? 
  my bet is finland . 
  and regardless these days a `` rogue artillery regiment '' is n't casus belli enough to invade a country , because it 's just that ; a rouge regiment . 
  not performing orders on behalf of the government .
