   and at the same time officially threatened with credible use of nuclear weapons threatened finland with nuclear weapons ? 
  really ? 
   what value do you derive from the membership motherfucking russia not fucking attacking . 
   by the time nato has made up its minds , the war is over . 
  over ? 
  as in nato would just let russia hold a nato country because they could n't defend it quickly enough ? 
  i do n't think you understand what article 5 of nato means , it 's not a debate whether if they should defend a fellow nato country or not . 
   going on that , is n't it better to have the military might of usa backing you alone ? 
  and why would the us create a separate pact with finland ? 
  they want countries to join nato . 
  besides we 're already bordering a nato country , nato just makes sense . 
   your claims in the arctic region i 'm pretty sure finland does n't have any claims in the arctic region . 
  i 'm pretty sure you have to have a border with the arctic to even be able to pretend that you have any claims there . 
  as a finn ... yes , definitely . 
  i have strong belief that finland could hold out a russian attack , but i also believe that if in nato we would n't be attacked at all . 
  i 'm starting to think that some people could stand in front of a victorious putin standing on top of a russian tank having just taken kiev and as long as putin still said that there is no russian involvement they would still believe it . 
  well joke or not i live in a country bordering russia , a country which entire defense is built on the assumption that if we again fight the enemy will be russia and i 've served in my country 's military . 
  so i 've taken notice of russia for sometime . 
   many of the vehicles have number plates and identifying marks removed while many of the servicemen had taken insignia off their fatigues . 
  the whole greek thing that started in 2009 was a depression by 2011 . 
   die zeit is a german national weekly newspaper well-regarded for its journalistic quality . 
  i do n't think they produce `` propaganda '' . 
   go read the daily mail yeah ... 
  i think i 'd rather not . 
  yupp , censorship is certainly the right answer . 
  if they had vodka in lidl , with lidl cheap prices of course , it would fly of the shelves here in finland . 
  god fucking damn it . 
  well i do n't know how common is in general in finland but i talk like that , though i work in it so mixing finnish and english is completely normal for me on a day to day basis . 
  i also speak swedish as does my best friend , so our steam chat is a horrible mess of combining english + finnish + swedish :p, 
  well we can vote for a pro nato government next month at least . 
  parliamentary elections are just around the corner , i for one will only vote for someone who is very pro-nato . 
  hopefully others will too , the latest polls show more people wanting to join nato than people who do n't . 
  in before the mariehamns people 's republic comes to life . 
  after i just read this , a bit less at the moment . 
  [ greece 's defence minister threatens to send migrants including jihadists to western europe ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11459675/greeces-defence-minister-threatens-to-send-migrants-including-jihadists-to-western-europe.html ), 
  that is a whole different thing from armed nuclear weapons . 
  i 'm sure that some bombers are armed with nuclear weapons , but i 'm equally sure those nuclear weapons are not armed . 
  why the fuck would russia fly around with armed nuclear warheads around ? 
  that 's like begging for something to go terribly , terribly wrong . 
  so what could savchenko 's sister have done to be placed on the wanted list ? 
  as i understand it that loan was agreed before ford announced that decision , so blame ford and not eu . 
  if you leave the eu then you do n't get punished , you get the same deal as a non-eu country . 
   allow them the freedom to exit the eu anyone has the full freedom to exit the eu . 
  is southern fried chicken any good ? 
  i 've walked past it in helsinki many times thinking i should try it out . 
  and here in finland i strongly support the sanctions , even though no token jobs are waiting for me . 
  i hope you do n't , even though i do n't believe in god . 
  i think he means a economic collapse rather than the literal collapse you are thinking about . 
  in finland you can get it just from the local grocery store , there are also some places online you can buy it in bulk for cheaper but do n't know if they ship outside of finland . 
  but if you contact them i can almost guarantee they can respond in english , maybe they can ship it ? 
  i 'm all for it . 
   i can not hear any threats i think this was the threat . 
   ramzan a. kadyrov , menacingly posted online in the cross hairs of a sniper rifle this month, 
  i would post this to r russia if i were n't banned . 
  i 'm pretty sure the finnish gdp is growing , slowly at something under +1 % , but still . 
  how is that worse than - whatever % russia is getting ? 
   live like a king with 800 $ / month in finland salary + 800 $ is pretty good though , with 800 $ a month just extra you can make it feel pretty close . 
  a lot of soviet equipment was left behind in former ussr countries that are now nato members , including s300 systems , after that some incomplete s300 was sold also , directly to the us even . 
  but as far as i know no actual russian ( not soviet ) high tech systems like the s400 has been sold to any nato country , at least not officially . 
  did you forget how they did n't send them any money though ? 
  also when the day comes when there are russian military operated equipment in a nato country , well , call me up and will discuss something suitably embarrassing for me to do . 
  nato would love to get their hands on s400 system . 
  nope , but anything they buy , rent or otherwise spend money on is taxed . 
  i was n't aware syria had drones of that caliber . 
  what other nation would operate drones on the syrian - turkish border ? 
  i assume nato countries are aware of other nato drones . 
  well ... they can provide moral support . 
  i 'm for the nordic countries , sweden being the closest . 
  but i 'd like to think we would unite as one if some country from the east would threaten either one . 
  i 'd like to think french voters are not balls to the walls stupid . 
  they would pick the one they think would destabilize not only the us , but nato too , the most . 
  and i think you are utterly naive if you think russia does n't pose a threat to us . 
  yeah ... no use arguing i suppose . 
   one where they did n't advance one step into georgia have you completely missed that they have pretty much annexed south ossetia ? 
   the same russia that could n't conquer chechnya and had to buy out the locals ? 
  no , not that russia . 
  i 'm talking about the russia who showed what they have achieved since then when they took on georgia . 
  i 'm talking the russia who has caused countless deaths in ukraine without even having to admit fault . 
  maybe we could do a white peace , at the cost of countless lives on both sides . 
  maybe . 
  but in nato they would n't dare attack us . 
  lives would be spared . 
  i 'm sorry you are against that , sorry that in your patriotic fury you ca n't stop to think about how many lives would be lost . 
  first of all ; get off your high horse you pretentious idiot . 
  you 're not impressing anyone . 
  secondly ; there is a world of difference between the soviets our proud veterans fought during world war 2 and the russia that we would face now . 
  we would n't stand a chance against them . 
  c ) is not a an option because of b ), 
  you should probably ask russia to save you from the oppressors . 
  yes , obviously , in latvia they check every government decision with a man in uniform sitting the u.s. right ? 
  ask those veterans what they would rather have ; a ) independence from large foreign military powers . 
  b ) not being stomped on and conquered by russia . 
  my grandfathers would have chosen b ) , i have no doubt . 
   nato membership it ca n't come soon enough . 
   i suppose this means the le pen voters are indoctrinated too well i think they are regardless . 
  i 've seen this ... so many times over at / r/retrofuturism /, 
   they are capable of carrying nuclear weapons and can travel beyond the speed of light . 
  if i know my sci-fi right ; that means they arrived back in russia before the designers of the jets they flew were born . 
  why the fuck would nato risk wwiii to defend a country that is n't in nato ? 
  not if nato members agree that it indeed is n't a civil war but an insurgency funded and led by a external force hostile to nato .
