  i think war and border conflict are a bit different . 
  can they borrow easily due to the sanctions though ? 
  i guess there is always china but even so i ca n't imagine they 'll get great rates . 
  well after the uk actually finds the guts to leave we 'll see what happens , for now nothing has changed . 
  of course we should ... as soon as east ukraine , crimea and mh17 is cleared up . 
  oh look , our favorite moderator of / r/russia , / u/wearebrics, 
   that said all politicans suck balls . 
  true that . 
  the current government of poland might be less than ideal but i 'm sure you 'll elect someone else ( better ) next time  the uk has been consistently , well , less than ideal in regards to the eu . 
  the most troublesome member just voted to leave so it can only get better . 
  well done greece , 
  you 're quite welcome old chap . 
  but probably a few more than 1,000 future jobs sure have been . 
  he is probably refering to that : [ number of jobs advertised in britain falls by over 650,000 post-brexit ] ( http://www.newstalk.com/reader/47.301.343/76726/0/ ), 
  we 'll be waiting !, 
  i for one welcome the soon to be independent country of scotland in to the eu . 
  i hope that means pirate parties and greens get more power and not the far right . 
  i wounder if scottish whisky will get more expensive after brexit , that would be terrible . 
  but does anyone really want him ? 
  how is it looking uncertain ? 
  every poll puts le penn loosing the second round . 
  agreed , but i do n't we need to speed things up at least . 
  if we kick them out they would just fall in to a russia led pact . 
  and yet the only one who seems like a nazi is erdogan . 
  how popular is the current government ? 
  as in the next election do they have chance to remain in power ? 
   start another war i think it 's more about preventing war than starting one . 
  no ... but i do remember once upon a time ... space which had the same character designs . 
  swedish-speaking minority here ; calling us swedish is a god damned insult . 
  we are finnish , not fucking swedish even though a lot of swedes think we moved here from sweden for some reason or another . 
  i fully expect crimea to never leave russia again , still that does n't take anything away from that we should sanction russia over it , keep demanding it . 
  i seem to remember darth vader in ukraine too , at maidan . 
  you could argue that alcohol causes family issues that can very much affect those around you too . 
  what are his views on the eu , nato , and so on ? 
  russia is behaving like it is/part of the ussr again . 
  how about the s-363 ? 
  i mean sure it was a long time ago , but still sets a strong and staying precedent . 
  not claiming it would/did . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are talking about different russian submarines . 
  i only said there was a russian submarine , that is factually correct . 
  why are you so sensitive about the subject ? 
  ah , that one , i was thinking about this russian submarine . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was a russian submarine . 
   since the referendum it 's been nothing but doom and gloom pray tell what are the positives then ? 
   european free-riding of the nato alliance you must be trump supporter . 
  try posting this to / r/russia and see how they respond . 
  i 'd rather not take the chance . 
  i 'm pretty sure they want something to change for the better . 
   if you like it or not they want change . 
  they wanted change for the better , i do n't believe they will get that . 
   if they reviel a plan then it disadvantages them at the negotiation table . 
  well it looks like may is going reveal the plan . 
  taught to every finn in history class . 
  tried cleaning it up a tad . 
  the only place in bulgaria i 've been , cheap vodka . 
  do n't remember much else , that might be because of the cheap vodka . 
  if you think it 's about the state in the us when you read `` russia appears to be taking georgia 's land inch by inch '' then you are probably just ignorant . 
  yeah i saw that , no problem !, 
  ah , see what i was thinking was that it then used ie to download firefox anyway . 
  w10 comes with two ie versions even , so ... one step forward two steps back i guess . 
  so what happens when you pick firefox for example ? 
   microsoft bundling ie with windows serious ( no really ) question ; how else would i get firefox if it did n't come bundled with a browser ? 
  clearly !, 
   still , to this day i do n't understand why he brought 500 $ to school . 
  to show off . 
  you can read why here : http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/030315/why-did-oil-prices-drop-so-much-2014.asp but i can give you some spoilers if you do n't want to read it ; it had nothing to do with fluctuating currencies . 
  ah , of course , then you are right . 
  gasoline prices did go drastically up . 
  i 'm trying to think of what u.s. made products i buy ... ca n't think of any , so no i ca n't say that i have noticed anything . 
  i guess that depends on how long it lasts . 
  is n't that like a drop of 11.5 % ? 
  surely that will start to show somewhere . 
  i think he wants to know why you hate macron so much . 
  looking forward to how the `` trolls '' will spin this one . 
  hey / u/wearebrics , can i get an unban from / r/russia yet ? 
  like a lot of food things , the reason is simple ; it 's easier . 
  i * could * go get cucumbers , garlic and yogurt , dice the vegetables and mix it or i could just buy the ready made product and be done with it . 
   rainfall has seen an increase in northern europe as someone living in northern europe i can confirm this , it feels like it did n't do anything but rain all summer . 
  oh right , if they are talking about before finland was a country then i 'm much less confused . 
  or finland ? 
  i had no idea we had bisons in europe . 
  fair enough , on both counts . 
  in before some inevitably points out that the fraunhofer institute did not invent the mp3 player . 
  here in finland we have mandatory conscription , so almost every male has been a soldier . 
  so it 's not a big deal here , it 's not even a deal . 
  ( expect every now and then when someone we know begins their conscription and we who have already been there tell them how much harder it was when we where there ) . 
  but then again we 're not risking our lives fighting politicians wars in a foreign nation . 
  so that being said i have no real problem with ` merica giving praise to their soldiers . 
  sure !, 
  we love being studied !, 
  if they would have recently switched to the euro i bet they would be asking that !, 
  he totally should though . 
  shit , i remembered some poll from two or so months ago when they were down to 14 . something , i was sure the trend would have continued . 
   stay with the status quo could very well be . 
   is n't finland starting to feel the recession now ? 
  i think so ... or at least very close to being in a recession . 
   are the pro eu/euro politicians taking a beating in the polls , or is all the same as before ? 
  ~ ~ there is is a shift in the polls , but it 's between two parties that both support the eu and the euro . 
  the most anti eu and anti euro seem to be taking the biggest hit actually . ~ ~, 
  after all the talk in papers , forums , just people around .
