i did not expect littlefinger to show up . 
  but if a large portion of those 44k are in the building business that creates a very big % of builders in finland which are estonian . 
   work well in finland i can confirm there are a lot of estonian builders in finland , at least from what i 've experienced . 
   at least it 's kgb in romanticized russian , it 's kdb in romanticized belarusian the word you 're looking for is romanised http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanization, 
  good job ireland !, 
  good job france !, 
  i 'll gladly take a hit if it means sticking it to russia . 
   nobody in europe or america has any problem whatsoever with you selling your milk to russia this guy does have problem with it . 
  wait what ? 
  russia bans imports , then re-allows them , how is that finlands fault ? 
  i would understand if finland backdoored the eu sanctions placed on russia but this is russia lifting their own bans . 
   if they are hedging correctly so since it 's russia then probably no then . 
  well they are nato after all . 
  psst , do n't give them any ideas again !, 
  according to current nato doctrine norway would hold the line for about 2 weeks until the us can move in it 's battle groups to reinforce . 
  i would imagine that nato would rather have it be finland holding the line and the large border with russia that finland shares would be more suitable for staging counter attacks . 
  in the two apartments ( different cities ) i have lived at both have had a one hour timer which looked like this more or less . 
  http://www.a-katsastus.fi/sitecollectionimages/artikkelit/artikkelit2011/lohkari.jpg edit : not to mention that the fuses might not hold for charging an electric car or it might be against the rules to charge it there . 
  on my parking lot at least those things only stay on for an hour , which is far from enough to charge an electric car . 
  otherwise i might actually consider getting one as my daily commute is really short . 
  everyone seems negative about this but this is the first light that will lead to spain 's recovery !, 
  i think russia is trying to bend the story so that ukraine forced the plane to fly over and lower over the buk to instigate the rebels to shoot the plane down . 
  they have not even implied that the uaf fighter shot it down . 
  i do n't think a single party , expect the rebeles themselves of course , is trying to deny that it was the rebels who physically pulled the trigger . 
  [ even some of the rebels admit to doing it . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/malaysia-airlines-mh17-crash-prorussian-rebel-admits-to-shooting-down-plane-9622075.html ), 
  i do n't think they need germany 's authorization . 
  there are already nato countries at his borders , some troops would n't hurt much . 
  well ... they already have the same music for the national anthem so that 's like half of the work done already . 
  i 'm in for it ... but i ca n't really tell you why . 
  finland also has conscription . 
  i 'd dare say i got almost my entire english language skills from watching undubbed movies and playing video games . 
  the more russia warns against nato the more i want to join nato . 
  yeah , but they have some technicality that means they do n't have to adopt the euro regardless . 
   out of the 28 countries in the european union , only britain and denmark do not have to adopt the euro because they have negotiated formal opt-outs . 
  and sweden . 
  what are the dangers of unilaterally utilizing the $ ? 
  i am well aware that several u.s. states engage in this practice , is it even remotely beneficial ? 
  finns , there are 10 of them . 
  there is no way russia would dare try anything against a full member of both eu and nato . 
  if some `` self defence forces '' show up nato can send [ peacekeepers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_peacekeeping ) to get rid of said forces causing trouble in a nato country . 
  if they are n't russian then russia has nothing to object to that right ? 
  obviously . 
  russia has a pension system based partly on state pension , so i would imagine said state pension would cover the difference . 
   well what 's nato gon na do ? 
  send [ peacekeepers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nato_peacekeeping ) to get rid of said separatists and extremists causing trouble in a nato country . 
  if they are n't russian then russia has nothing to object to that right ? 
  because ... it sounds almost finnish , but not quite . 
  there are words which while written the same and spoken the same means something completely different . 
  a favorite example of mine is the finnish word for mold ; ` home ' , which in estonian means government . 
  and the finnish word for government ; ` hallitus ' is very close the estonian word for mold ; ` hallitusseened ' . 
   eu was supposed to make europe stronger , but it did not stopped russia from attacking it but ukraine is n't part of the eu . 
  if you 're actually talking about how it would work if we really were part of nato and russia came knocking it would n't matter how defendable we are . 
  nato would `` defend '' finland by coming trough central europe knocking on russia 's door . 
  that said i 'm not advocating nato membership and i agree keeping russia from coming knocking in the first place is better than having a good defense for when they do . 
  but i also fully believe that if russia would come tomorrow , next year , when ever . 
  nato and the whole of europe would n't stand for it , military action would be taken regardless if we are part of nato or not . 
  i believe so , even if finland is n't a part of nato we have such closes ties to nato members that we must be considered to be part of natos sphere of influence . 
  i also believe russia , at this moment , knows this and would n't dream of trying to do anything to finland unprovoked . 
  i 'm no expert but it seems that turkey want 's to join the eu , then would n't a move like this further that cause ? 
  considering eus stance on the situation . 
   until it becomes clear what the swiss are actually going to do that is exactly what is going on , the eu just suspended the talks until the situation is resolved . 
  no decisions to cut any funding has been made . 
  well neither did the eu , we just suspended the talks until the situation is resolved . 
  i know next to nothing about the politics involved in this but it seems obvious to me that if the swiss want to reap the benefits of the eu markets without belonging to it , they had better at least play nice with some of the rules . 
  if not ... well some talks are going to be suspended . 
  pele\u0219 castle looks nice . 
  is n't the 2a6 pretty much the newest model already ? 
  the 2a7 + is not really in use yet from what i understand . 
  what determines what is the most possible ? 
  because i do n't think it 's anything but arbitrarily high sum that is made up on the spot . 
  unless she has insurance ? 
  edit : also other comments in this thread implies that she is suing for $ 20milllion . 
  i doubt even american health care is that expensive . 
   other non-independent countries \u00c5land is not a country . 
  yes . 
  finnish is so damn different from swedish it 's really not funny . 
  source : i 'm fluent in both . 
   if she suddenly went senile well i do n't think in that case either . 
  do n't they swear loyalty to the monarchs ? 
  i 'm not too familiar with the subject but i would imagine that for example queen elizabeth could muster enough generals to her side to mount a credible threat . 
  early ff builds has it , so ... it 's still some months away . 
  it is , it 's just that firefox and chrome are arguably better . 
  we got ta keep that aaa rating somehow , apparently . 
  macedonia as a region has plenty of rich history , do n't know why they would need more . 
  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-08-09/japan-s-debt-surpasses-1-quadrillion-yen-as-abe-weighs-tax-rise.html http://sacramento.cbslocal.com/2013/05/01/report-californias-actual-debt-set-at-848b-could-pass-1-1t/, 
  you really dropped the ball on this one norway . 
  that would make getting booze so convenient . 
  yes . 
  must be nice to see your son become king ... instead of having to die for him to become king . 
  yeah ... a little . 
  you 're absolutely right , it would difficult to differentiate . 
  but you might be able to weed out the most blatant cases . 
  obviously if there just is n't any valid jobs to apply to then it should n't affects benefits . 
  i propose we cut benefits entirely to people who can work and can find work but do n't want to because they are too lazy and think it 's easier to `` just chill on the couch and watch chavs fight on the jeremy kyle show '' . 
   i do n't think you understand how the american electoral system works oh oh !, 
  i know this one !, 
  it works ** poorly ** . 
  no one should be cool with this , no matter where you 're from . 
  they supplement it with power from other sources in the grid .
