  surely , making the greeks suffer will magically resolve the problem . 
  what should i think ? 
  the croats are the good guys and the serbs are the baddies , right ? 
  that 's fine sweetie , but i suggest you * really * get at least a bit of a political education before opening it up again . 
  syntax would n't hurt either . 
  what does this incoherent rambling even mean ? 
  shitposting on reddit ? 
  round up https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_moscovici, 
  except the tupolev , those are not outdated aircraft ( especially the su-34 , which is fairly new ), 
  yep , it 's tina all over again . 
  i do n't dislike / u/dclauzel actually . 
  but sometimes he 's just blinded with islam . 
  it was all prophecized , we just were n't ready to listen . 
  thank you fence !, 
  what make you say this besides your usual damage control ? 
   data available to them . 
  what data is there besides : `` tsipras and putin will speak to each other '' . 
  how can you infer anything from that ? 
  you 'll have all latitude to judge when the content of the discussion is known . 
   you can defend tsipras is a poor victim being consciously labelled ( by me ?!? ), 
  you certainly paint him as destroying the `` goodwill '' of the eurozone countries by answering his phone . 
   as a fascist ( wot ? ) . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3calr7/greeces_tsipras_to_talk_with_putin_on_monday/cstqcrp  hey maybe the baltic states are not going to like that . 
  yeah maybe the baltic states will act irrationnaly without knowing the content of the conversation . 
  that 's not exactly unheard off . 
   other heads of state or government are free to decide to react to react , as you did , to the simple mention that tsipras and putin will have a conversation , without even knowing the subject and the goal of this conversation ? 
  the only information that reuters brings is : putin will call tsipras today . 
  you said that tsipras is burning bridges ( `` goodwill '' ) merely by speaking with putin , something that hollande or merkel also do . 
  that sounds like a poor attempt at painting tsipras as a fascist by association . 
  several posters already jumped on that bandwagon in this thread . 
  where are you from ? 
  your head of state also entertain relations with dictators , does n't mean they 're friends . 
  if you only entertain relations with `` allies '' , then you 're the dumbest head of state ever . 
   his friendly relationship with putin source on that ? 
   so my bet is that he 's doing the same thing that egypt and dozens of other countries did during the cold war , which is being ostentatious about the fact that he 's going to join the other camp unless he gets money now , because he believes that that pressure will help get him the money . 
  you are absolutly right . 
  so now it is prohibited for two head of states to speak to each other ? 
  should tsipras ask merkel or tusk for the permission to answer the phone ? 
  this reaches a whole new level of retardation . 
  we should kill one in every ten greek ; that 'll show them of good the euro is for them . 
  bruxelles mythology : the greek debt can be repaid . 
  yeah , an ama with a communication officer of the ukrainian army/an ukrainian militia , i 'm sure it 'll provide an accuate depiction of reality . 
  i look forward to an ama with a fsb officer right after for comparable level of accuracy . 
  the two go hand in hand . 
  the language you use frames your mindset . 
  `` i 'm against french linguistic domination '' `` every language other than english should be banned '' lol, 
   the fact that there 's a huge dutch text wall here , of which you wo n't understand a word , will only annoy you and be in the way . 
  it really does n't annoy me at all . 
  in fact it would please me if i was learning dutch . 
  but apparently the only possible mindset is total cultural submission . 
  multicultural europe my ass . 
   it is offensive that he thinks his language should be forced on all of us . 
  please , discipline him or simply make him a normal subscriber , because this is getting out of hand . 
  oh gee , i saw another language today , how shocking !, 
  talk about some fucking irony . 
  bugger off dude , nothing 's forced on you . 
  literally the worst country in the world . 
  that 's what the taxis want themselves . 
  it allows them to speculate on licences . 
  i 've noticed a sharp drop in english presence . 
  the air already feels significantly cleaner . 
  hollande was a against it because it was the required posture for a `` socialist '' in the opposition at the time . 
  had he been president at that time , i have little doubt that he would have follow bush , all the while congratulating himself about `` franco-american partnership '' and all that jazz . 
  remember his position on syria ? 
  you know you 're fucking up when it 's the us that refrain you from going to war . 
  now i 'm thirsty . 
   do statistics on industrial espionage against the eu exists ? 
  eu member states commit industrial espionage against each other . 
  this statistic would n't make much sense i think . 
  / u/vityok is in full damage control mode because this `` revelation '' make the us looks bad instead of russia , spouting non-sense like `` snowden betrayed the american people '' . 
   oh the bad eu again ... 
  but when in debt : `` why wo n't the eu do something ? 
  '' , `` oh bail us out eu '' etc is echoing across the aegean ... see ? 
  i can write stupid shit too . 
  not going in irak . 
  that ' t already better than what sarkozy and hollande would have done . 
  american do n't celebrate it because there are no saints named lakeesha , demarcus , kaylee or kaydhen . 
   dont wonder when you get stabbed in the process exhibit a : moderate secular muslim, 
  literally , it means `` whore '' . 
  however it 's used as `` fuck '', 
  he 's not alone . 
  there are several cop in the video . 
  hey , i played splinter cell too . 
  der took er perterter !!! 11 !!!! 11 ! 1 !, 
  is this sub turning into / r/in1643russiancossackfuckedmygirlfriend now ? 
  what 's the point except fueling hate toward russia by making a selection of specific historical events ? 
  i want off this ride . 
  the madness never stops . 
  this is the most retarded idea i 've seen in quite some time . 
  way too hot and humid for me . 
  tropical climate : no way . 
  you should read * elementary structure of kinship * by claude levi-strauss and * l'origine des syst\u00e8mes familiaux * by emmanuel todd if you 're interested in the issue . 
  translation : i 'm pulling things out of my ass . 
   what about immigrants generally ? 
  what about illegal immigrants ? 
   nope , we have rates of illegal immigration that dwarf yours . 
  we are talking about the specific issue of muslim immigration . 
   oh really ? 
  so these laws that you guys pass banning minarets and burkas and shit - totally not shoving your culture down their throats ? 
  i find it utterly baffling why european countries with one hand let in pretty much anybody and feed and clothe them , and then with the other hand slap them across the face and marginalize them culturally at every opportunity .
