is spain an uncivilized country ? 
  ceuta and melilla have been around for years now . 
  they obviously internalized misogyny . 
  th-that 's , that 's thought-rape !, 
  governments are pretty capable of stopping them , they just do n't want to . 
  most of them are not syrian refugees . 
  is it cool to hate him now ? 
  i want to be cool too . 
  goddam . 
  why ca n't we have a fiscally left-wing party without all that looney shit ? 
  and then they wonder why the lower class of the population vote for the `` far-right '' nowadays . 
  i kinda miss those days of civil and religious wars . 
  might be / u/magadget . 
  he ca n't make a sentence without using the word `` patriot '' as an insult . 
  as opposed to swaziland 's eiffel tower ? 
   if we win , we still look arrogant . 
  it 's sport banter , i guess you never went to a stadium . 
  boasting is an essential part of it . 
  does that mean that your players will be german ? 
  honhonhon yuo are le next petit rosbif, 
  you cheeky cunt . 
  i just had fran\u00e7ois hollande on the phone , nukes have been launched , estimated time before arrival : 7 minutes . 
  sorry portugal , i just could n't let you get away with it . 
  no thanks . 
  they both do . 
  that 's a pretty silly comment that shows a real lack of knowledge about religion , education and history . 
  catholic schools are legit . 
  in paris , the really rich bourgeoisie often puts their children in jesuit school because the quality of the education is better than in public schools . 
  l'universit\u00e9 catholique de louvain ( louvain catholic university ) is constantly well ranked as well . 
  the problem with islamic schools is that i fear they 're barely disguised saudi-funded indoctrination centers, 
  a simple `` fuck you '' would have conveyed the same message without as much waste of ink . 
  edit : kinda drunk so not really sure about my grammar . 
  cant liftan the orban, 
  more like 80m $ plane . 
  why are you talking about kurdistan ? 
  that 's some amazing level of cognitive dissonance . 
  yep , that 's a propaganda poster . 
  yeah whatever man . 
  i 'm glad you found a way to feel superior . 
  go take a look at la vie des id\u00e9es and listen to podcasts on france culture radio, 
  are you interested in discussion or high quality articles ? 
  the francophone internet is big enough so we do n't have to come here , whereas i imagine that you 'd be quickly done with the latvian internet . 
  kim jong un is n't a dictator ? 
  lo espero tambi\u00e9n , pero no lo creo realmente ( hope this make sense , have n't used my spanish in years ), 
  too light . 
  you 're absolutly right , i even ate your mom last night , 
  pretty sure chavs are english . 
   `` we share nothing beyond this hall ''  * cue assad 's grin * yep that 's really it , i 'm really surprised by such a level directness . 
  since then we killed khaddafi and we almost killed assad . 
  i wonder who 's next on the list . 
  `` arab brotherhood '' only exists when calling for the destruction of israel or something like that . 
  arabs hate each other and muslims hate each other too . 
   it 's like no one ever taught you people the most basic facets of manners . 
  sorry , next time i 'll make sure to tip the subway drivers too . 
  bullshit like what ? 
  funny , i thought it was so 75 years old people do n't have to work nights at walmart if they do n't want to die from lack of medical care . 
  the us , france and others motivation was to topple the regime , thus aggravating the rampant civil war by taking out the only power capable of ending it before syria turned into a complete failed state . 
  russia is stepping in with the opposite goal , helping the syrian regime to stomp the rebels . 
  ultimately both russia and the us objective is to keep or include syria in their sphere of influence . 
  no one gives a shit about assad being a dictator . 
  it 's only used to make the western public opinion agree with the intervention . 
  assad is the lesser of two evils in this story , as his power at least maintained order ( albeit somewhat violently ) and did n't send terrorist in our countries . 
  never heard of that . 
  as did pompidou, 
  everyone knows about the horrors of the soviet union , this is a useless argument as it could be made for any other country with a dark past . 
  we criticized their fence ? 
  i did n't notice it . 
   the solution is simple . 
  send out airplanes and bomb the refugee ships . 
  you 're gon na do it with your whole armada of two unarmed trainer jets ? 
  do n't count on us to do your dirty work so you can act all innocent afterwards . 
  `` history before the 1930 's does n't exist '' . 
  thanks mr. skeltal !, 
  upvote for chalamov . 
  you really want that green card , uh ? 
  it 's both , french and serbian . 
  honestly it 's not that bad , since he has a funny accent and speak in a slow kind of way ( he articulate every syllable ) but loud as fuck . 
  plus the guy is brother and pours the rakia freely . 
   you 've passed your driving test let 's get pissed !, 
  you 've failed your driving test let 's get pissed !, 
  you got a job let 's get pissed !, 
  you quit your job let 's get pissed !, 
  wedding let 's get pissed !, 
  funeral let 's get pissed !, 
  it 's monday let 's get pissed !, 
  that 's called being young . 
   i recently have done a bit of travelling across europe and the americas , where i realised this excessive drinking is not prevalent anywhere else . 
  apart from our bros in ireland . 
  come to britanny then . 
  my landlord , who is also my next-door neighbour is a serb . 
  he spends hours everyday , screaming on the phone . 
  loudest mother fucked i 've ever known . 
  very much known here . 
  which post was that ? 
   if you want serious xenophobia , go out drinking with a bunch of blue collar workers and listen to them talk . 
  the real difference is auto-censorship and how they wrap their message . 
  many `` tech savvy twenty somethings '' say the same things than regular people under the guise of anonymity . 
  the whitu piggu, 
  `` liberal arts students should also be deported '' - r/europe, 
  do you watch people who only post about ukraine/russia too ?
