  it 's really passive-aggressive and sends out mixed signals . 
  as i said , you do n't seem to understand that europe is n't just america with another name . 
  ** we are at home , we choose how we live ** and we sure as shit do n't have to adapt because some ca n't bear to see a stick figure named mohammed on a magazine cover . 
  countries such as france or poland are more than a thousand years old in their different iterations , not a few hundred years old nations created by immigrants on the graves of the natives . 
   so multiculturalism just means muslims ? 
  in europe it means just that , since muslims are the only group that try to shove their culture down your throat . 
  nobody got a problem with vietnamese or danish people . 
   and in the us , the millions of muslims , praying in public , being polite and well-mannered and hard-working , with women covering themselves to varying degrees as their traditions and beliefs would have them , is somehow poised to fail ? 
  i 'm so fed up with americans comparing themselves to europe . 
  first , there are only 2.7 million muslims for 320.2 million habitants in the us . 
  in france there 's up to 6 millions of them for 67 millions habitants . 
  that 's a much higher proportion ( 0.9 % in the us and almost 10 % in france ) and their numbers are steadily growing . 
  secondly , muslim immigration is very different . 
  america actually get to choose its migrants while we mostly get the bottom of the barrel of uneducated , unwilling to assimilate muslims from north and sub-saharan africa . 
  thirdly , europe is n't just america with another name damnit . 
  stop trying to make yourself the standard of how things should be . 
  we have a different histories , political traditions , relationships with religions , etc. 
   and you think there are no muslims in latin america ? 
  there are less than a thousand muslims in uruguay and paraguay , 2.000 in bolivia , 4.000 in chile , 14.000 in colombia , 35.000 in brazil , 400.000 in argentina . 
  i could continue but i think you get the picture : with the exception of argentina ( which is still low ) , muslim population is negligible at best in south america . 
  but religion , along with language and familly structure is a crucial and defining caracteristic of culture . 
  chile , argentina and uruguay are fantastic places , and probably the only countries i could see myself settling in . 
  i 'm not surprised they attract europeans . 
  yep , but i have a good memory . 
  europeans always settled massively in chile too . 
  i do n't understand why they say it 's a new phenomenon . 
  augusto pinochet et michelle bachelet are descendants of french settlers for exemple . 
  vienna 12 september 1683 , best day of my life . 
  yes , euro bills look like shit . 
  also we have no monetary policy anymore . 
  and the champagne in every leftist hq after the breivik attack . 
  obvious sarcasm is obvious friendo . 
  anything short of re-establishing slavery is insufficient reform for greece . 
  your wife is an adult , your child is , well ... a child . 
  if i was a sjw i 'd accuse you of being a misogynist . 
  aryan space !, 
  vital space !, 
  poland chose raytheon 's missile for political reasons , not defense ones . 
  wait , english wine is actually a thing ? 
  hahahaha , what the fuck , do you use it as a biological weapon ? 
  you seem mad . 
  do you need ointment on your butt ? 
  so violent on top of racist ? 
  nice !, 
  you literally just did . 
  another proof that anyone can be american , it 's just a question on mindset !, 
   `` drive me closer , i want to hit them with my broomstick '', 
   roma muslims dear god . 
  also the `` art '' exposed is shit . 
  serving which country 's interests ? 
  israel 's actions being free of any repercussions , they give literally zero fucks about anyone , even the `` righteous among the nations '' . 
  they probably do n't read german . 
  he not only abused his power , he also directly insulted other mods . 
  but , those were refugee submarines !, 
   i have a hard time believing that the bulk of the public are going to be excited about something being sold as maybe a sensible administrative division . 
  yep . 
  people are n't going to throw centuries of nation-state history and identity for a european standard on phone chargers . 
  damn , this one is really good . 
  allowing the usa to exist . 
  two words : solitary confinement . 
   xenophone is that some kind of instrument ? 
  i only know the xylophone . 
   islamophone oh wait , i got it you do n't know the meaning of the words you use . 
   you might be right , but i feel like i have more to offer than just my ethnic background . 
  i 'm as french as one can be and people ask me this question too . 
  it 's a basic conversation starter , just like `` what 's your job ? '' . 
  i too have more to offer than my place of birth or my job , but people are n't going to ask me my opinion on 1920 's literature out of the blue . 
   french do n't let you be french most of the time though . 
  if you have an accent they will ask `` vous etes de quelle origine ? 
  '' , if you are darker than a regular french even if you are native french speaker they will ask `` vous etes de quelle origine ? 
  '' , if you are white , speak perfect french but have a peculiar name or surname that french generally do n't have , they will ask you `` vous etes de quelle origine ? '' . 
  that 's called having a conversation and being interested in knowing the person you talk with . 
  betting on margaret on the guillotine . 
  edit : lost, 
  these are regional elections ... 
  nuke this shit . 
  yep . 
  corruption impoverishes everyone . 
  i 'm surprised they join at all . 
  germany is n't the only country paying your welfare . 
  probably a few centuries . 
  it 's the same population though . 
  i know i know . 
  i was n't ironic , 
  france : * area of knowledge : war * likes : war * life ends : war, 
  people do n't want to be labeled as fascist/mysoginist . 
  also i suspect that most people do n't know that male domestic abuse exist . 
   disastrous labour laws such as ? 
  you have been the biggest beneficiaries of eu funds for years . 
  it 's usually the germans who broomstick the polish . 
  a few answers : 1 - many french expats there . 
  2 - former colony , fran\u00e7afrique , all that jazz . 
  3 - uranium coming from nearby niger . 
  4 - preventing the entire sahel from turning into a second caliphate . 
  background story ? 
  i posted this in relation to the killing of the two russian pilots while they were parachuting after their aircraft was shot down . 
   uninhabitable area, 
  that 's the old spin . 
  the ussr did something shitty ? 
  blame the russians .
