  it did something great ? 
  congratulate ourselves . 
  that 's how you make stalin , beria and dzerzhinsky russians . 
  haha , the polish butthurt brigade is here in full force !, 
  muh sobieski , muh shield of christendom !, 
  it 's 2015 and poles are still proud of the iraq war . 
  you guys are truly , ahem , * special * . 
  i was going to tell you that we invented cinema , photography , computer aided-manufacturing , telesurgery and the tb vaccine . 
  but that would be mean , as most of these things probably have n't reached you yet . 
  is there anything that does n't though ? 
  you guys are always bitching and whinning whenever the `` traitor-backstabbing-decadent-gay-muslim '' west does n't do everything you want at once . 
  how about you start contributing something instead of only being a tantrum-throwing pain in the ass ? 
  this triggers the pole . 
  we 're pouring billions upon billions into your country . 
  no it could n't . 
  europol is a structure whose goal is to facilitate police ** co-operation ** . 
  not a federal police . 
  `` just fix it '' is n't a realistic solution . 
  impossible . 
  no budget , no men , plus it 's an exclusive competency of the member states . 
  i heard that maybe the perpetrators were muslims . 
  can i have my 50 m $ now ? 
  yeah , jet fuel ca n't melt aluminium planes . 
   those people dying there wo n't bring back the ones who died in paris . 
  i know that , i 'm not a dumb sitcom character . 
  them dying has value in itself . 
  reports tell that there has been no civilian casualties . 
  this wo n't help much , i 'm just happy that some of them are dying right now . 
  as for the boots on the ground , assad and the iranians can do just that . 
  we should n't take the path of war . 
  violence brings only more violence . 
  edit : [ just kidding ] ( http://i.imgur.com/uhbf5hl.jpg ) , erase these fucks from the planet . 
  edit 2 : you should follow @conflicts on twitter , they report that power and water are cut off , command center and training facility are destroyed . 
  ah yes , it reminds me of that time when i was searching for chocolate eggs during easter , and accidentaly stumbled on a leclerc tank . 
  obviously putin killed him !!!!!!, 
  well , firstly it means you live in britain ... 
  because they want to forget they 're british . 
  who would n't ? 
  haha , eastern euros are going to lose their shit over this . 
  with juncker at the head of the commission , i 'm sure that this will happen . 
  i once took a night train from krakow to budapest . 
  in the morning , i awoke in prague . 
  that 's my only experience there . 
  oh fuck me , that 's really cool . 
  i think i 'll pick it up again . 
  edit : i just noticed that it 's a russian course for english speakers . 
  still usefull though . 
  northern italy would be my first choice . 
  if not then a big south-american city in argentina or chile . 
  kinda yeah . 
  no cultural life , no night-life , very limited social life , very limited job market , obligation to have a car to go anywhere . 
  some say they like villages because they 're `` peaceful '' , i 'd rather say `` extremely boring '' but hey , to each his own i guess . 
  note that i 'm not trying do defend these migrants , as beggars ca n't be choosers . 
  lucky for her she 's a woman . 
  otherwise she would have already been fired . 
  that 's the narrative being sold in schools . 
  that 's stupid . 
  what we should do instead is exterminate everybody who does n't speak english , and then make it a death sentence for anyone to utter a non english word . 
  that way we 'll finally live in a peaceful world , free of war and hate ; everyone being able to understand the internet dankest memes . 
   help yourselves . 
  you definitely have a democracy . 
  your economic system is entirely fucked . 
  that 's all . 
  it 's funny because you 're so far up your ass , you ca n't even detect obvious sarcasm . 
  please send help , we live in a communist dictature !, 
   100k peaceful protestors do n't mean shit . 
  oh wow that 's so huge . 
  do you realise that we have protests that top the million protesters according to the most conservative estimates ? 
  they got plenty of wizard 's broomsticks . 
   psycho would possibly not do anything because he 'd be afraid of the consequences . 
  psycho rationaly assessing risks and consequences ? 
  yeah , no . 
  it 's a silly play on words but it 's actually funny . 
  instead of low motivation , i would say corruption : more precisely everyone doing business with the military ressources : selling munitions , flak jacket , medical furnitures ... 
  ah yes , i felt there was something wrong when i wrote it . 
  france : michel houllebecq , richelieu , de gaulle . 
  spain : garcia lorca , cervantes , franco . 
  italy : brunelleschi , antonio gramsci , umberto eco portugal : antonio lobo antunes , salazar , luis fuego ( footballer , sorry ) uk : churchill , queen victoria , ian flemming ireland : beckett , joyce , horatio nelson iceland : bjork , that thor guy from game of thrones germany : hitler , goering , von paulus austria : hitler ( ccc-combo ) , mozart , arthur schnitzler berlgium : franquin , l\u00e9on degrelle , marguerite yourcenar netherlands : geert wilders , norway : knut hamsun , ibsen , sweden : jimmy akersson , folke bernadotte , denmark : soren kierkegaard finland : nobody poland : sobieski , pilsudski , jaruzelski czech : milan kundera , vaclav havel slovakia : nope slovenia : are n't those the same anyway ? 
  croatia : come on , this one is made up , right ? 
  montenegro : uh ? 
  serbia : slobodan milosevic , radovan karazic , macedonia : alexander i guess ? 
  greece : vassilis alexakis , alexis tsipras , aristocles . 
  bulgaria : nope romania : vlad tepes moldova : ????? 
  ukraine : gogol , iulia timochenko , arseni iatseniouk bi\u00e9lorussie : svetlana alexievitch , loukachenko the baltics : nope russia : alexandre borodine , varlam chalamov , youri gagarine . 
  edit : forgot hungary -  sandor marai , viktor orban, 
  since we did n't blow the planet away , i guess it kinda worked . 
  truly an inspiration for us all . 
  jeebus you are so sensitive . 
  8 times out of 10 , a mention of france in followed by a flood of `` je on strike , omelette du fromage honhonhon '' and we do n't cry about it , grow a skin . 
  reddit , commercials , the whole `` work hard play hard '' mumbo jumbo ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wkgscpqy4m, 
  - dude , did i tell you i work 60 hours a week ? 
  that 's so amazing !!!, 
  - i know right bruh !!, 
  i 've been working 76 hours a week lately , i feel so fucking free !!, 
  - so awesome to be american , am i right dudebruh ? 
  hopefully i 'll soon be working 396 hours a week . 
  omg it 's the best thing ever , so much freedom !, 
  nato will not stop expanding until it got at least belarus , ukraine and the caucasus . 
  expect further war when lukachenko is toppled or bought . 
  do n't waste your time , he 's not interested in using basic logic .
