that new alarm sound is the bomb . 
  done, 
  i had an iphone 4s 64gb for 1 year and 5 months until i dropped it on the floor and everything inside it died , that 's why i bought the 5x . 
  athens , greece, 
  riots are usual for athens unfortunately , but it 's all good now . 
  life runs pretty normal . 
  it 's the truth though haha . 
  sounds about right !, 
  hehe, 
  i do n't know either . 
  480 thanks op, 
  intel core i5-2500k, 
  gigabyte gtx660 2gb oc edition, 
  western digial caviar black 500gb 7200rpm, 
  western digital scorpio blue 250gb 5400rpm, 
  corsair vengeance 2x4gb 2133mhz ddr3, 
  corsair h60 cooler, 
  aerocool strike x one, 
  i got all these for ~ 850 euros on february 2013 and i am thinking of selling it now , how much would you recommend selling it for ? 
  that 's exactly what i was thinking but i wanted to ask because on the build i have now i could have gone for a better card and now i regret it somehow because it started being a big problem after 3 years of having it in terms of performance . 
  i have some external storage for my backups and games as i tend to delete stuff i do n't use . 
  my current storage is a 500gb hdd and i barely use 200gb of it . 
  but if this build listed above is good for 1080p for the next few years i suppose i do n't need to look for new gpus . 
  oh yes i forgot to mention it . 
  my motherboard is asrock p67 pro 3, 
  the motherboard i have is an asrock motherboard , is it good enough for the purpose ? 
  thanks , i guess i will try when i have some time next month . 
  good to know that this is a good community , makes me feel safe :d i already have a backup of my files so i will be getting into it soon . 
  i put some rubbing alcohol on a tissue and just wipe the phone with it . 
  ayyyyyyyyyyyyyy danks mate :d, 
  you should have gone for the 390 though cause it 's better than the 390, 
  if you do n't plan on overclocking go with the non k version of this cpu . 
  it will save you some money . 
  have n't actually touched it yet :p, 
  if you want to save some money i would suggest getting an i5 cpu since there 's really not a big difference between the i5 and the i7 in gaming . 
  oh well i guess it 's a good deal then haha . 
  maybe you can also get me some discount on the i5-6600k i 'm buying next week / s, 
  well yeah certainly . 
  i 'm going with the i5-6600k because i want to overclock it after a couple of years or something to keep up with the latest games . 
  maybe you fried something with static electricity . 
  were you grounded during the cooler installation ? 
  did you touch any pins or vulnerable spots on any part ? 
  static electricity can kill the motherboard . 
  i 'm not quite sure as i have n't had to troubleshoot hardware problems so far but you can try googling some stuff about it . 
  first of all do you see any activity when pressing the power button or is it not powering on at all ? 
  if that 's the case check that all psu cables are securely fitted on the mobo and try again . 
  if it does n't work then it might be dead , but as i mentioned above try googling also . 
  it 's really hard to play skyrim with that budget . 
  no pc would support that unless you go and pickup some used parts on good deals . 
  then you might get something around there but you 'd still have to push your budget a few bucks more . 
  if you do n't play heavy games you can also go for a r9 380 or 380x or a gtx 960 to save a few bucks as these cards perform great as well even in heavy games . 
  because it 's totally unnecessary . 
  why do they even need email for drivers ? 
  that 's very bad , i would n't want to have a spare email for junk mail as there is no reason to . 
  people get protective over their emails because many of them use them for accounts that contain valuable personal data . 
  if they get compromised someone could hack them and harm the person . 
  read what i said please . 
  the guy above asked in general why are people so protective with their emails and i was answering this generic question i was n't talking about nvidia . 
  but it 's still unnecessary to create an account because it literally does nothing . 
  thanks for the giveaway op !, 
  the gtx1080 will be # 620 in the uk though . 
  it is confirmed , you can look on guru3d that includes the prices of some european countries . 
  i ca n't provide a link right now because i 'm on my phone but it 's been posted here on / r/nvidia . 
  what he said ^ get a nitro , it 's the best 390 out there . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  this phone has an amazing camera . 
  thank you very much . 
  it 's so great to have that view from my bed everyday . 
  it 's athens indeed . 
  yes it 's the stock camera app and the best part is that it 's not that good of a photo because of the low lighting . 
  thanks for your quick reply on the ram , i am going with the hyperx then . 
  the reason i wo n't use watercooling is that i want my pc to be as quiet as possible which i did n't achieve on my previous build where i used an aio cooler by corsair plus what you said , i do n't want deal with pump failures and stuff like these . 
  also since i am purchasing the parts in greece the h110i is about 70 euros more than the dark rock pro 3 so it 's much better to go with the be quiet !, 
  one . 
  same goes for the psu , i spent some time checking the psu i selected and the psu you suggested and they are basically the same but they are also the same price in greece so i said go for the platinum one . 
  we 'll see about the ssd i need to check the prices too . 
  thanks again for your quick and helpful reply . 
  thanks op !, 
  the build looks very good and will handle most titles easily on high settings with high fps numbers . 
  i would n't suggest waiting for the new nvidia cards as they will be very expensive in europe and probably wo n't fit in your budget . 
  if are not interested in vr it 's not worth it as the r9 390 is a great card and will last for a good 3-4 years at least for the purpose you want . 
  i am also building a pc and i went with the 390 too , it 's a promising card and wo n't let you down . 
  edit : yeah as the other guy mentioned you wo n't need a cooler since you are not overclocking . 
  seeds ? 
  i would love to get far cry 3 , it is the second best game i have ever played !, 
  thanks op !, 
  thanks for your reply , i will consider the hdd change . 
  that will happen soon since new cards were released . 
  you can check out nvidia 's website about it but i do n't think it will take more than 3 months . 
  grand theft auto iv, 
  it 's very good being part of a very good and helpful community , thanks for the giveaway op !, 
  i 'm in . 
  agreed totally . 
  also 16gb of ram is also overkill . 
  could go with 2x4gb + 2x2gb and would be fine . 
  i 'm not saying it 's expensive at all i 'm just saying that 's it 's not really needed , anything more than 8gb is enough but of course i 'm not discouraging him from buying it . 
  me myself picked up 2x8gb ddr4-2400mhz hyperx fury for 50 $ on a weekly deal from the shop down the street . 
  i live in greece and sadly most parts are very expensive here but i find good deals from time to time . 
  yeah i guess it is worth it if you find a good price . 
  longos , achaia in greece,
