  edit : spelling mistake, 
  thanks !, 
  it is a great place to relax . 
  6600 thanks for the giveaway op this is very generous of you , good luck to everyone . 
  edit : i want this card because i would like to help a friend build a nice gaming pc since everything here is so expensive and many people do n't have money in my country . 
  well yeah i 've seen it and that 's why i went with the be quiet one since they are similar but the colors are better . 
  any other even aio , just a quiet one ? 
  this also happened to me about 2 weeks ago . 
  i got the same error the morning after spotify mobile app updated . 
  at first i thought my account was hacked but then i realized it was a horrible bug . 
  let 's hope it does n't happen again . 
  i suppose you are right . 
  thanks for your help , will do . 
  well thanks for the info but i live in greece so i am not able to buy it from newegg.com, 
  my gpu was the gigabyte gtx660 windforce 2gb oc but it was n't as loud as the fan of the radiator . 
  when i went into the bios and put the fans on idle until the temperature rose above 60c i could hear it in my room but not really that much , still significantly audible . 
  when i played a game and the temperature reached about 50c the rpm started going up until they were full on to keep it steady at 57c . 
  when that happened it was basically audible throughout the whole house like a vacuum cleaner which drove me crazy . 
  the slight buzz from when it was on idle also kept me from leaving my pc on overnight when i wanted to download something as i could n't sleep . 
  that 's why i wanted air cooling plus instead of picking an hdd i went with a 500gb ssd for more speed and quietness . 
  i would go with that but i like the looks of the dark rock pro 3 more plus i want to push my cpu clock a lot so i do n't think that the 212 would be the best choice for heavy overclock . 
  good to know man !, 
  i mean i do n't really mind a bit noise when gaming since i 'll be wearing my headset as it 's natural since the cpu will be running at high speed but i just want it to be really silent when web browsing and when completely idle . 
  can we see the build you have in mind first so we can tell you what you could/should change ? 
  we are not supposed to give you a spoon-fed build according to the rules so could you create a part list with like a micro atx mobo and a small case and then we can help you with what to change or not . 
  you can view user benchmarks here and compare the two of them . 
  it includes detailed comparison in many factors and you be the judge . 
  he said he wo n't be overclocking . 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking but when i saw the 3.9 ghz vs 2.7 ghz i was kinda surprised . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i 'd get the 6500 totally but it 's a very budget pc and i 'm already over it by a few $ so i do n't think that 's possible . 
  yeah i suppose that 's fine thanks for the info . 
  windows 10 is a great os , people are just afraid of change . 
  besides , microsoft is allowed to force any update to you whenever they want so by using windows you agree to their tos where it is stated . 
  if you do n't like it better change your os . 
  as the guy above me said this is not an official microsoft forum here so there is nothing we can do to help you or anything . 
  if you have a problem you should contact microsoft so they can help you . 
  almost every post i see is about ranting about a forced windows 10 update which is just useless . 
  it is simple , if you do n't like something do n't use it there 's a ton of other os you can use and not have these problems and as i said earlier , by agreeing to the tos you agree that microsoft can force any update they want wether you like it or not . 
  if you want to protest do it the right way . 
  i did n't come here to see dozens of posts every day from someone whining about the unwarned update . 
  did you maybe touch the mobo ? 
  you could have killed it if you were charged with static electricity . 
  hmm i really have no idea now . 
  hope everything goes well . 
  installing windows 10 will certainly help in terms of performance . 
  also depending on what this pc is aimed for maybe you could switch the gpu and get maybe a 960 or maybe a rx 480 if you want to spend like $ 200 . 
  also you could try / r/buildapc for advice and / r/hardwareswap for good deals in used parts . 
  i hope i helped a bit . 
  your other ideas sound fine i do n't have anything to add . 
  so this is my build guys , unfortunately something happened and i can not afford the cpu right now and who knows how much it will take ... 
  very sad . 
  so anyway i 'm worried about my gpu sag , should i just leave it sagging there or will there be any damage to the motherboard or the card itself ? 
  i do n't want to leave the bottle in the case . 
  any advice ? 
  oh , thank you very much for the information . 
  i was n't sure because i spent a lot of money on this build and i ca n't afford any fixes soon lol . 
  thanks again . 
  well it is properly fastened and secured with the screws but it just sags very little and i kinda do n't like it but oh well . 
  maybe i 'll just use a zip tie to hold it from the cage on top . 
  i 'll figure something , thanks for the advice . 
  someone has posted this picture before and i thought i 'd save it because why not ? 
  it shows the differences between all evga card variants . 
  i ca n't help with g1 or any other brands but here : http://i.imgur.com/ldvfcyf.jpg, 
  profile  select hidden on top where it says overview and select the post you want to unhide . 
  is that the cryorig r1 ultimate or universal ? 
  what cpu are you using with it and have you overclocked it ? 
  how 's the level of noise with the cooler and what are the temperatures ? 
  great , thanks for the reply . 
  wow look it ships to my country . 
  amazing !, 
  i recently built a new pc and i would really love to have the lucifer v2 on my cpu to keep it cool and do some overclock with it . 
  it looks very nice and it would probably fit with my build too . 
  thanks for the giveaway anyway , keep up the good work !, 
  it was about time . 
  pornhub has had this for years now . 
  yeah i 'm using autopilot on p3d while driving on ets 2 . 
  well even though this is my friend 's setup it 's s convenient joystick but i am not used to it . 
  profile  select hidden on top where it says overview and there they are . 
  if you want to unhide them select the post you want and press unhide . 
  i do n't think so . 
  you can also seek some advice on / r/buildapc just post your build there and they will help you . 
  also as the other guys said get the i3 instead of an amd cpu . 
  i have a dank sapphire r9 390 , i know i should have bought a dank 390 but the 390 is good as well . 
  i have tried installing with 2 different flash drives both of them used in every usb port of the system both the motherboard ones and the ones on the case . 
  using a linux kali usb however i get an error about secure boot violation but after i press ok it lets me run the live version of the system . 
  yes i 'm using microsoft media creation tools . 
  i get this error only with the linux kali drive . 
  thank you very much !, 
  i am glad you like it !, 
  thanks !, 
  one step at a time my friend . 
  thank you !, 
  everything is over priced here in greece unfortunately so i had to choose wisely . 
  yeah that r9 390 is great but if i got one of the newer cards it would cost me - $ 800 only for the card because everything is overpriced here . 
  the rx 480 costs - $ 350 . 
  thank you very much !, 
  the case is an upside down design yes and i found it great as i always had my pc to my left . 
  i did n't go liquid because i wanted quietness , i had an aio on my previous build and i did n't like it because it was audible even on idle . 
  plus a good liquid cooler here unfortunately would cost me at least ~ $ 50 more .
