  the 390 was indeed quite expensive but believe me it was the cheapest i could find in greece . 
  everything else was at $ 480 + and it still is . 
  they are there it 's the last part on the bottom . 
  it 's the nzxt hue + advanced pc lighting . 
  it 's a great and very very quiet cooler . 
  thanks !, 
  i got that back in 2013 in greece so i do n't really think i can help you with the price , sorry . 
  i had the r5 in mind but i wanted that inverted thing haha . 
  thanks !, 
  cpu on idle is 30 i have n't tested it under load yet i did n't have the time and the gpu sits at 40c because the fans are off when not under load or when under 50c, 
  people say it sucks but i like it tbh . 
  i bought the card on march but still the new ones cost a lot in my country unfortunately . 
  well sapphire makes the best coolers for amd gpus , asus makes good motherboards and i like gigabyte in general and especially their logo lol . 
  thank you very much !, 
  it does the job yeah . 
  upgrade from windows 7, 
  well i bought everything in greece so i do n't know if this can help you but i searched on skroutz.gr to find the cheapest shops . 
  some ship outside of greece too so you can check . 
  also i used eshop.gr, 
  why not ? 
  500gb is more than enough for me . 
  i 've had it since 2013 and it still works great apart from some outside wear out . 
  quality is still good . 
  well these prices on my part list are manual with all prices converted in usd from eur so you can check the us prices and see . 
  of course it will !, 
  i am going to overclock it to hell hence the giant ass cooler . 
  my main purpose is 1080p with the ability to go 1440p too in the future . 
  i have all these on my cloud or external hdd so basically i only have games on my pc . 
  i already had this monitor since 2013 i just built the tower now . 
  i wanted to create a good looking pc and also you know what they say . 
  psu is not the part you want to cheap out . 
  sounds good !, 
  i 'll check it out for sure . 
  well i have n't set it up completely yet because i 'm kinda busy now , probably i will run some benchmarks in a couple of weeks . 
  still downloading games and setting up . 
  excellent !, 
  i mean on the motherboard not the case obviously . 
  i guess you are right . 
  thanks for the info . 
  the build looks good for medium range gaming and you did a pretty good job with the parts since it 's a budget build . 
  the only thing i would change is the gpu bevause you can find much better ones at the same price or for just a very little more , even used ones in good condition . 
  good job nevertheless . 
  the rules on the sidebar say that we are not allowed to give you a spoon-fed build and you are not allowed to ask for it . 
  id suggest getting some ideas from pcpartpicker.com posting it here and we can help you after that by suggesting changes and giving advice . 
  i knew it was shit as soon as i saw that cp10 ... 
  oh wow , feels bad man . 
  that 's true . 
  i never thought of it that way . 
  i guess i 'll keep this too . 
  my friend has been gaming on a 200 $ used pre built machine and he basically plays csgo only and some other not powerful games . 
  now he wants to buy a new gpu to boost his frames on csgo as the new updates on the maps do n't really allow him to enjoy the game as much as he wants to . 
  his budget is very limited though and if i could get one of these cards , does n't matter which one i could make his day and he could save his money to upgrade some other part of his computer later or whatever . 
  does n't matter who wins , this is very generous op thank you very much for the giveaway . 
  i hope someone who truly needs a card wins one . 
  looks great . 
  just get some ddr4 ram which is needed for skylake cpus and mobos and get a h110 or h170 mobo since you are probably not going to overclock . 
  unless you want to get a k cpu later on . 
  no need to go high on the frequency 2133 or 2400mhz is enough . 
  yeah unfortunately, 
  thanks a lot for your help !, 
  i 'll try and see what i 'll get . 
  i would be interested in translating in greek also . 
  i paid 28 $ for their show in athens and i paid the 3,46 $ more for them to send me the tickets and this was my biggest disappointment , they just sent me a black and white paper of the pdf file i had already received which i could have printed on my own . 
  i expected something different . 
  nevertheless i do n't think 28 $ was that much and i really look forward to their show . 
  nope , no pokemongo , high accuracy is on and i have perfect reception here . 
  it happens everywhere i go even when i visited a different country . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/thundervil, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/kreitlv, 
  https://youtu.be/h5sltnbnasa here is a good tutorial i 've watched . 
  i 'm buying the mod from a friend but thanks anyway . 
  i ca n't use that website because it does n't ship to greece . 
  wow , i checked it out and really it looks like exactly what i wanted !, 
  i 'm definitely going to try this since it looks cheap . 
  cheers !, 
  ah i searched and it is not available in greece . 
  hello , i am a new vaper and i am buying a joyetech evic vtwo mini from a friend and i was thinking if anyone could give me some advice on the atomizer , looking for a sub ohm tank , not interested in rba , rta , rda at all , i 'm just looking for something with ready coils that works well with this mod , produces much vapor and has a decent taste . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  i looked at melo 3 by eleaf already and they say the taste is 0 with any coil . 
  wow , thanks for the info man , i 'm definitely going to check it out !, 
  also , about the uwell crown , is it also that good ? 
  because i may have trouble finding the d1 in greece . 
  thanks a lot . 
  i was thinking about the tfv8 actually , but i have two friends who use it and say it consumes very much juice especially when you chain vape it . 
  yeah , i have already made 220ml of my own juice for my current vape and i still have a lot , i was thinking maybe i could start buying ready to vape liquids since i get bored of the taste easily and want to try different stuff but if i consume so much with a powerful tank i guess it 's not going to last long . 
  well , i am certainly looking for big vapor production and not that much of a taste ( since i will be using 70vg or 80vg liquids anyway ) . 
  thanks for your help though and explanation i am going to look into this and decide , i really appreciate your help !, 
  what would you say about the baby beast ? 
  it 's cheaper and i think it will work better at the range of my mod . 
  i am really having trouble finding any of these tanks in greece apart from the uwell crown 1 , things are limited here as it seems , i want to order like the d1 or the crown 2 from another country but then i will probably have trouble finding coils for it here . 
  i will see what i will do , this really bothers me , thanks again for your info and help !, 
  eleaf melo 3 vs obs t-vct , i am basically buying a new mod and want something powerful that also gives kind of nice taste . 
  i have tried the obs t-vct before and is good but does n't have as powerful coils as the melo 3 . 
  on the other side i have seen a lot of reviews that say the melo 3 coils do n't give any taste at all but other than that it 's a great subohm tank . 
  which one should i get ? 
  ( i can get the melo 3 for 10 euros less ) , the mod i am getting is the joyetech evic vtwo mini . 
  thanks in advance !, 
  higher vg means thicker juice which means the juice moves around harder , hence more work for the coil . 
  coils will wear out faster with higher vg than with higher pg . 
  love the black and blue theme !,
