  it looks magnificent !, 
  i have the joyetech evic vtwo mini and i 'm using it with the obs t-vct tank ( 6ml ) it 's a good tank i use it with 0.45 ohm ss316 coils at either 25-33w either in temp control at 275 celcius . 
  good clouds and good taste . 
  it also looks good on the black evic vtwo mini . 
  now if you want to pick strictly from your list i would also vote for the uwell crown . 
  edit : also no leaks so far and no spitback at all . 
  i figured thanks . 
  currently i have it at 4.4 ghz with 1.35 v ( though hwmonitor , cpu-z and aida64 read it as 1.360 v what could be wrong ? ), 
  i 'll try to push it more and see where i 'll get . 
  ran 4 different stress tests with aida 64 and prime95 and no crashes or anything . 
  temps are also good . 
  i just use my pc for gaming mainly . 
  maybe sometimes i 'll edit some photo in photoshop or render some gameplay clip but apart from that nothing really extreme . 
  i do n't care about prime95 i am just wondering if the crash could mean like blue screens or anything bad in everyday use . 
  i guess i 'll keep it as it is then . 
  thanks for the help . 
  much appreciated . 
  i used intel extreme tuning utility and aida64 and everything is great . 
  i also tested some games and it 's fine . 
  we 'll see if it keeps going . 
  thanks a lot for the info , i will try it out . 
  cheers !, 
  not sure because my max temperatures are 67c on an air cooler at 1.395 . 
  4.4 is pretty low . 
  i started from 4.4 at 1.35 as the guide said . 
  these are certainly not high temps under 100 % load . 
  also 4.4 at 1.25 is too low . 
  my cpu ran at stock speed at 1.24 . 
  are you sure your cpu is stable ? 
  the guide says 4.4 at 1.35 is the most stable for skylake . 
  i 'm using xmp profile , manual voltage and i have a hyperx fury at 2400mhz . 
  what would you suggest ? 
  raising the clock ? 
  yeah i 'm using aida64 and intel extreme tuning utility and it 's fine . 
  thanks for the suggestion !, 
  lower ohms , more watts , higher vg help you rip bigger and thicker clouds . 
  higher ohms , less watts , higher pg give you more flavor and smaller and less thick cloud . 
  i do n't really know the in depth of the coils about what wires you should get or what coil to build since i do n't use rbas or rdas but i think i gave some pretty basic idea of what you should do . 
  i do n't think you are allowed to open a bank account in greece unless you need it for salary . 
  capital controls are still in effect . 
  well i am based in greece so it does n't really help but this is weird . 
  what could be wrong ? 
  yup they were amazing !, 
  have you tried using premium ? 
  not more than 6-7mb and if you multiply 6.5 mb by 710 it certainly is n't even close to 9gb . 
  thanks for your response . 
  but unfortunately i 'll have to delete all data from it not cache . 
  which means i 'll have to redownload the playlist . 
  i 'm using android . 
  it takes a lot space and i 'm running out . 
  i had it on extreme quality a few months back but normal do n't really make a difference . 
  thanks for the response though . 
  why is it right ? 
  since when normal quality songs take more than 10mb each ? 
  cache was only 40mb, 
  thanks a lot for the info . 
  much appreciated !, 
  cheers !, 
  happened to me yesterday . 
  i was updating payday 2 and 1mb before it was done updating it stopped downloading . 
  it resumed after a while though . 
  count me in !, 
  yeah we did n't think about it really but he will have to use that for now . 
  also we are in greece so i ca n't use the code but thanks for the heads up !, 
  well he already has the 2133mhz one so he will have to use that for the time being . 
  alright cool thanks for the info !, 
  yup , he really likes drawing and he was disappointed when he saw the empty backplate so he did this . 
  on a side note , he is too busy with his new gaming build to solve the cube haha . 
  great , thanks for your reply !, 
  this cooler seems great !, 
  `` oh mamas wipe your tears , your sons will rest a million years '' especially when i listen the live at woodstock version . 
  there are no dirty words , only dirty minds . 
  ayy 600c master race !, 
  sure !, 
  inverted ftw, 
  i 'm in !, 
  awesome !, 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  hello, 
  wow i did n't think there would be a giveaway , this is awesome !, 
  into the fire . 
  surprisingly i first heard it from a happy tree friends video . 
  it just bootlooped . 
  happened to me a couple of weeks ago too . 
  i sent it for repair and now it 's fine , they changed the mainboard . 
  i expect it to boot loop again soon so i 'd suggest you 'd buy a new phone soon even if your 5x is fixed . 
  yes of course i did , but everything was backed up on my google account and i did n't lose anything . 
  i am looking to trade my awp corticera mw for a worm-god mw stattrak with a guardian cluj-napoca sticker on the scope . 
  b/o 1 rifle and sticker, 
  i am looking to trade my awp corticera mw for a worm-god mw stattrak with a guardian cluj-napoca sticker on the scope . 
  b/o 1 rifle and sticker, 
  iphone 4 cuz 3.5 inches, 
  [ ayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy ] ( #rainbow ), 
  ### build help, 
  ** have you read the sidebar and [ rules ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/buildapc/wiki/rules ) ? 
  ( please do ) **, 
  yes i have read the rules . 
  ** what is your intended use for this build ? 
  the more details the better . 
  the purpose of this build is long and everyday usage for medium to hardcore gaming and basically everything like photo/video editing and coding .
