  i think you overestimate the amount of manual workers that are not british . 
  most labouring jobs in the uk on construction sites are done by british people . 
  you rarely see an indian or turk on a construction site in the uk . 
  if every non-brit in the construction industry leaves the country tomorrow it would have very little impact . 
  eastern europeans would come second for construction sites and factories , never met a southern european in a factory or construction site they tend to work in hotels or clothes/coffee shops . 
  but they knew this was the case when they came here , this is n't anything new . 
  you ca n't just allow it because you feel sorry for them , the world just does n't work that way , it ca n't , it never has . 
  it is n't retroactive . 
   anglo-saxon countries do you mean anglo-sphere like australia and canada ? 
  there is only one anglo-saxon country . 
  wow . 
  i have been in scotland on and off for a few years , permanently living here now and i have noticed this more and more as time passes . 
  at my local council in scotland the only way to get a job there is either being related or having a close friend there . 
  this is why i thought it was bullshit . 
  you would easily put up with feeling a bit unwanted than the poverty and violence they experienced . 
  i just find it interesting . 
  we were the first to do a lot of good stuff , for that i am proud . 
  i know you are joking but i did look it up . 
  it seems like the uk was the first modern democracy . 
  i had no idea they did and i would like to know more . 
  a mini us ? 
  why ? 
  why ? 
  wtffff . 
  i 've noticed in the uk the turks can fit in quite well , they enjoy the same stuff as we do and are n't massively different . 
  at the same time they have the most vicious and violent gangs of any asian community . 
  i do n't put it down to islam at all . 
  not on this sub . 
  you should try moving to scotland . 
  the working class here are the most nationalistic people i have ever met from any country . 
  yeah right . 
  i live in scotland , half of the independence voters blame every single thing on england , whether it 's because they 're stuck in a shit job because they fucked around in school `` it 's england 's fault '' or a local library closes . 
  does n't matter if scotland stayed or left the uk , it 'll still blame england for all its troubles over the next thousand years . 
  snp get away with everything , your politicians use england as a scapegoat for every-fucking-thing but people are so blinded my their ethnic nationalism they buy into it . 
  oh that must be ivar ragyaarseson, 
  yeah there is evidence that people from northern spain but they were celts and they settled in both england and ireland . 
  northern spain has a lot of shared dna with england and ireland as far as i 'm aware . 
  but celts were spread throughout britain by the 1st century ad . 
  from what i remember celts were in britain by 500 bc and spread throughout over the next few centuries until the romans arrived . 
  why is n't scotland and ireland blue i thought they were celtic ? 
  that 's not a very good dig because it is , at it 's heart , wrong . 
  it 's a bit like he 's pretending to be neutral but he was clearly all for staying in . 
  it was very one sided . 
  i 'd argue it was . 
  well i have a bit of sympathy for iraq and afghan refugees and think we should do more to help those people . 
  but i saw some afghanis sent back home and it was heartbreaking . 
  why not send other people back first , like economic migrants from africa or other places ? 
  i just made a similar comment about uk netflix . 
  it 's like a rundown video shop full of shite . 
  i find prime to be better than netflix . 
  netflix in the uk is like walking around a charity shop that sells crap videos . 
  netflix is dogshit in the uk the only reason people get it is because it 's `` trendy '' and because of how good it is for americans . 
  i prefer sky or amazon prime . 
  why is it always the afghans that get deported when their country has been the most fucked up ? 
  you overestimate the competence of europe in crises . 
  have you got a source on this please ? 
  i think it 's well known by now that those mad dictators were actually stopping the middle east from becoming the clusterfuck it is today . 
  oh , no , i was just very curious . 
  i have seen a few people mention british cultural influences but being british myself i always wondered what this meant . 
  with the americans it 's a lot more obvious , with american culture having an influence in my own country too . 
  i was just interested . 
  other than that ? 
  is it that bad there for employment ? 
  i understand the american culture with mcdonald 's and all their films , but what impact does british culture have other than a few tv programmes ? 
  you could go down that route with others like scousers , mancs , cockneys . 
  i feel bad for the eastern europeans who know english but only get used the local accent where they live , they hear anyone from another part of britain and they 're lost . 
  i can . 
  firstly , i wo n't use the word immigrants because it 's too broad and a lot of people are born here but into a different culture . 
  i live in a big city , there are large asian communities here and i lived right on the border of one for years . 
  anyone that has never been to these areas will never really understand it . 
  mostly these people just keep to their own community , they all live together and have their own areas for shopping and do n't feel the need to mix with white british in social settings . 
  i worked with them , went to college with them and i got along with them just like anybody else , but outside `` forced '' settings they generally do n't mix . 
  of course there are thousands of asians who do mix , who are n't even religious , but a lot are not like this . 
  there is definitely a divide based on culture and really the only people i 've ever heard disagree with this are people who have very little experience with these communities . 
  so if these communities have existed for decades and a lot of the people in them were actually born here , then how could anyone possibly think a million + will integrate relatively quickly ? 
  definitely not 10 years , possibly 20 , maybe never . 
  i think the worst thing that they can do now is put all these people in the same areas , rather than spread out to help integration . 
  but even if that is done , over years they will likely move closer together . 
  the muslim communities near me were never planned , they happened because muslim british moved into these areas and white british people moved out . 
  i really ca n't think of a solution and i find the whole thing worrying ... worrying because i know so many people , especially in government , are shockingly ignorant of how this will turn out . 
  ok , so halloween is a religious holiday . 
  they are just holidays these days , has fuckall to do with religion anymore . 
  haha i thought this too . 
  they get lost on the way to england . 
  [ and out comes belarus !!, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/smnx11y0dvo?t=311 ), 
  and the commonwealth !, 
  interesting . 
  another example of how dutch is close to english !, 
  well i know frisian is practically old english . 
  old french it was * werre * and old frankish * werra * old saxon * werran * and old high german * werran * . 
  that was all before anglo-norman french . 
  so how did england end up with the word `` war '' ? 
  edit : the denotation of war derives from the old saxon werran , old high german werran , and the german verwirren : `` to confuse '' , `` to perplex '' , and `` to bring into confusion '' . 
  whereas krieg meant `` to strive , acquire '' . 
  haha . 
  this was when i was a kid , i always remember thinking she would n't be fooled and must know not everywhere looks clean like that . 
  well i remember in my town they cleaned the streets and got rid of the graffiti because the queen was passing through !, 
  that 's amazing , it 's strange to think how in the west we eat whatever but in latvia they can barely find a potato never mind a banana . 
  i know but why did n't they want foreigners to see it ?
