  it 's odd because the scots see themselves as the most rowdy/macho of all the british people . 
  weird . 
  i guess most europeans do n't really differentiate as all they hear is english language . 
  though i see your example is probably an exception , after living abroad honestly they just use english and british to mean the same thing . 
  attila the hun was n't a turk . 
  literally any evidence of his appearance describes him as east asian . 
  they 're on holiday , not immigrants . 
  seems like its mostly eastern europeans that shit on serbia . 
  of all the atrocities that have happened in recent decades around the world and this one thing comes up all the time . 
  but it 's reddit , you should expect it here . 
  of all the irish i know in real life , including family , none of them go on about it like reddit does . 
  all the other threads on this topic would disagree . 
  i defend britain often but i will not defend these idiots . 
  by the way , stop saying english , it 's the scots and welsh as well . 
  i 'd say it depends where in england they 're from . 
  northern english seem to be worse for violence . 
  also a lot of eastern europeans too that have never been here . 
  some of them think no british person works on a building site . 
  i had this debate recently and they would n't believe me that most building sites are actually 99 % british people . 
  but that 's what i find so strange . 
  i think it 's great that people are interested in their ancestry , but people tend to stop at one specific ancestor and declare that country as their heritage . 
  seem to be getting more scandinavian-americans these days too . 
  this is so deluded and untrue i do n't even know where to start . 
  have you ever been out drinking in ireland ? 
  it 's how they sell themselves to others . 
  the english do n't really pretend to be anything to americans or other europeans , the scots sometimes do . 
  i live in scotland so i will say it 's a minority though . 
  i was having a laugh , even though i think it is mostly true . 
  you seem angry mate . 
  man i do n't know it must be both sides . 
  from my personal experience it was the pumpkin spice types whose parents had a little bit of money and they had quite left-wing views . 
  6 billion divided by 1 million people is 6000 . 
  i 'm guessing you 're a yank with a cuban flair , judging by the language you use and your username . 
  we do n't bully half the world these days , we did it a long time ago , the yanks took that position now . 
  nowadays you get so many leftie yanks ashamed on their country they try and find an ancestor from a country that suffered some kind of oppression then spend the rest of their lives banging on about it . 
  like it 's common for an american to find they have this one irish ancestor , they get really excited inside , their heart leaps with joy , they open up the arse hole of ireland and stick their tongue in and wiggle it about . 
  they hate any irishman that is forward thinking , they just want to sit around and talk about the potato famine all day . 
  not saying the irish are bad tourists but . 
  to any of you irish reading this thread , you know you 're fucking lucky in here , you 're just the same as us when abroad . 
  it 's dangerous , they often claim they were spiked . 
  you would think some girls were spiked every single time they went out drinking , they 're not spiked , they just drink too much . 
  except the scottish ca n't usually understand the english and the english can usually understand the scots . 
  nah , they just want to find an oppressed ancestor and latch on to their troubles because they live in such a successful country that bullies most of the world . 
  i think it 's because it does n't work in europe . 
  say someone is born in the netherlands but has an italian mother , they would n't walk around telling everyone they were italian , it would just be weird . 
  so when you get someone in america saying they 're irish because of their ancestors , you 're going to get someone in england who has far closer irish relatives thinking you 're a weirdo , because they themselves consider themselves english . 
  it just does n't work , also canadians and americans tend to stop at one chosen country , usually ireland or italy . 
  the more you get to know a canadian or american you start to realise they also have english , german , lithuanian ancestry etc , yet they always seem to pick one out and pretend they 're from that culture . 
  i live in scotland and i have to say i rarely see french . 
  germans i have met simply going for a walk in the countryside . 
  just kick their arse . 
  in britain there 's usually another drunken brit ready to fight another drunken brit and pissing on a monument is a good excuse . 
  well the scandinavians are the original germanic people . 
  he 's a right fucking oddball is n't he . 
  true , but still , it 's / r/europe where every european is an expert on every aspect of british life . 
  found the londoner guys . 
  the whole of england is covered . 
  yeah . 
  it made sense he thought like this in 1947 , given what had happened in his life up to that point . 
  to me the most relevant aspect of 1984 in today 's world is the whole notion of double-think . 
  people are willing to write-off logical opinions in favour of what the hive-mind agrees with . 
  this is a problem with the left more than anyone else and it is scary to see . 
  not like that . 
  so it is n't owt to do with st paddy 's ? 
  why ? 
  why the fuck would they have this in germany ? 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4as0qg/happy_st_pattys_day/d131row also https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4aoycq/im_a_video_editor_at_a_news_station_in_the_states/, 
  had to be a yank that posted this . 
  you know i do n't think we have one like that in england . 
  all leftists want the uk to stay in the eu . 
  integration in what way ? 
  til the royal air force has assassins . 
  the only thing i got from this article is that the headteacher needs to be sacked and the teachers suck . 
  ah , the old make a huge exaggeration and impose it on the other side tactic . 
  ok . yeah a middle class person will see something below them , but the working class do n't see it that way . 
  there is n't anywhere in britain that has 90 % immigrants doing a job . 
  british will do any job if they are working class . 
  indian 's / pakistanis do not do any job , they rarely work in factories or building sites . 
  that 's not true , it 's the accents . 
  american and british english are just a bit different on paper . 
  british accents can be difficult to understand . 
  you are right that an immigrant will find it harder to do middle management work if they were not born in the uk . 
  but i have heard in a lot of countries people do n't do some jobs because they feel like it is below them . 
  this is only a class issue in the uk , not an issue if you 're white british . 
  construction sites in the uk are done by mostly white british people , by far , there is n't even a close second , same with factories . 
  i can see why this will be extremely hard for you to accept , but you 're just downright wrong and it is n't even an opinion . 
  again europeans on this sub always seem to act like they know all about the uk like they do their own country , you do n't , trust me . 
  now please tell me a job british people do n't do in britain because it 's below them . 
  i do n't care about the situation in other countries , i 'm talking about britain here . 
  lots of europeans really struggle around the uk with understanding the local population . 
  but they get used to it over time . 
  this is it , it 's all a load of bollocks . 
  the whole of southern europe is now eastern europe . 
  personally i think countries like australia want/need more immigration , but they want it from the right place . 
  there would be a lot of brits happy to move to aus and it has happened on a large scale twice before . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i thought it would be the complete other way round . 
  because we would be flooded , you know this , you 're just attacking it out of jealousy . 
  most british people hate the system too . 
  mate it 's fucking shocking seeing how hard it is for yanks to live here .
