  pretty much every american i 've met here that wants to live here is so respectful of our country and 9 times out of 10 they 're skilled . 
  not just some economic migrant that does n't give a fuck if the whole country blows up tomorrow . 
  this would cause a huge brain drain for the uk . 
  but on then uk would become more european . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , what kind of jobs do white british people not do in britain that immigrants do ? 
  there is n't any , you have an agenda or have fallen victim to the shit you read on here . 
  i have to disagree , these british people were very poor in the 60 's . 
  i specifically chose 60 's and 70 's for my pictures , if you go back to the 30 's and beyond it was really bad . 
  the `` car '' picture you show is of the 1930 's . 
  poor people in 1930 's did n't have cars , especially farmers . 
  the lisbon photo to me just shows a different way of doing things . 
  it 's like me saying wow , those people in portugal are so very lucky to live like they did at that time because it 's better than living in an indian slum . 
  they lived really bad , those houses are not for one family , it was one family per room and sometimes with 10 kids all in the same bed . 
  it is difficult to live in britain without those kinds of buildings because of the relentless rain and it is colder here than in portugal . 
  that said in george orwell 's road to wigan pier he describes settlements around cities in northern england where they did n't have brick homes but makeshift huts . 
  the old industrial cities were a terrible place to live and life expectancy was low and was about the same as your country . 
  to say portugal was so much worse is to be completely ignorant of the situation and i think by this point it is extremely unlikely you actually know anything about british social history and you are just guessing . 
  the only thing i will say is that a lot of the kids in the pictures will grow up to live comfortable lives in the 90 's and 00 's . 
  but if you want to drag this on i will be glad to , and i will find more pictures from the first half of the 20th century in england . 
   most of immigrants take jobs that your regular white british guy won \u00b4 t do what jobs are these ? 
  there are jobs that immigrants wo n't do , but there is yet another myth that there are jobs the british wo n't do . 
  i have to disagree here , there is a myth that british people have somehow always been quite well off and it 's quite annoying . 
  much of britain , especially northern england , was very poor for a long time . 
  here 's some pictures i found of britain in the 1960 's and 1970 's : [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/rgu4itl ) [ here , the background is a very common sight ] ( http://imgur.com/q8yqptk ) [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/n12w3tv ) [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/hvj5bmt ) [ here , those houses still exist ] ( http://imgur.com/yi6klzq ) [ here , seems to be a very common thing where there is any open land on housing estates ] ( http://imgur.com/l6fzyqs ) [ here ] ( http://imgur.com/0vxcuon ) [ here , my fav . 
  those flats were very common in the cities ] ( http://imgur.com/oxnpqnz ), 
  it is an extremely common stereotype that the french are rude . 
  personally i put this down to most people visiting paris rather than the rest of france . 
  but i feel for you , you get people that visit or live in london and they act like they know all about britain because of it . 
  there 's nothing more frustrating than another european or american telling * me * what * my * country is like because they lived in london for a year . 
  we 've killed a lot more of them than they have killed of us . 
  we have also killed more of them than the russians . 
   italian/russian ( i 'd put russian in tier 2.5 though ) so russian 3rd and italian 4th ? 
  biggest problem with learning a language from eastern europe is there 's always a native from there who would do a much better job in at it in the uk . 
  see , i always quite fancied learning french . 
  it looks like the language an english speaker would find the easiest to learn , especially as many of us in the uk have a very basic grasp of it ( i can do the french alphabet ! ) . 
  but at the same time i constantly see people say french people mock you if you try and speak to them in french , which is odd because you 'd think they 'd try to embrace it . 
   to eurostat numbers . 
  you can easily check them . 
  while % of people learnjng english is higher every 5 year the % of pupils learning french , german is lower . 
  have you got a link ? 
  why would french be second ? 
  i have made my decision . 
  bestonian it is . 
  brits were very poor for most of the 20th century . 
  oh i know , i meant i wo n't go to this place not the whole of portugal !, 
  nah , it 's a case by case basis , of which i believe china and russia went the completely wrong way about dealing with their issues . 
  i always thought crimea should have had a referendum and left peacefully . 
  it was sarcasm about the double-standards in this thread from all the proud dutch . 
  people do not dislike immigrants here . 
  it is a well known saying that the brits like immigrants but hate immigration , the swedes like immigration but hate immigrants . 
  i ca n't think of many people who would do n't like immigration but would like to see immigrants deported . 
  i think it 's wrong , but it should be stopped in the future . 
  i do n't think it will be enforced either , it is just hullabaloo . 
  but at the same time i reckon pretty much everyone outside the uk massively overestimates what immigrants do in this country . 
  they do n't take the jobs other people want to do . 
  the biggest appeal of portugal for me is the country as a whole , not just lisbon but the countryside too . 
  very interesting . 
  i hope to visit portugal one day , but i do n't think i will go there . 
  fucking hell sounds like something you 'd get in india or the america 's , not portugal !, 
  huh ? 
   in fact , we ( and that includes merkel ) want to see the numbers reduced significantly as well . 
  yeah , but that 's a recent thing . 
  only after realising it is a ridiculously impossible situation did merkel decide to backtrack a bit . 
  i guess they are n't considering changes outside of europe and the affects that has on europe . 
  arab spring has had a huge impact . 
  this is what i kept thinking . 
  no mention of france , the uk is n't really about the uk , then a brief mention of the whole of southern europe and scandinavia . 
  this is n't a forecast of europe . 
  it 's some text about germany and poland . 
  never heard of it . 
  `` golden sphere that travels across the sky '' , is this some kind of weird cult ? 
  there is one reason and one reason only why i think the falklands should remain a crown dependency . 
  that it 's 2016 and the people of the falklands want to remain , same with gibraltar . 
  you ca n't just take stuff away because of national pride these days , if the people of the falklands wanted to be argentinian they could do it tomorrow and the uk would let them . 
  have you tried whatever greece 's version of gumtree/craigslist is ? 
  try local facebook selling groups in the area you 're in too . 
  i 'm not sure how common stray dogs are in greece , if it is common it might be difficult . 
  i love these pics , very interesting , beautiful women . 
  what is the `` miracle of the sun '' about ? 
  what was wrong with sending it to the shelter ? 
  i typed into google `` national bird of europe '' and there is n't anything specifically stating we have one . 
  however , third link down there is a wiki page for the european robin . 
  looking at the wiki page you can see the [ range of the bird ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/77/european_robin_range.png/1280px-european_robin_range.png ) and i would say this is a good contender for the national bird . 
  that and it 's also the national bird of britain makes me biased in favour of it . 
  apart from the nhs , i ca n't think of any industry that will be affected by this . 
  the only companies that will be affected is those who exploit people and illegally pay them less than minimum wage . 
  but even then young british people are now exploited by being paid # 0 an hour under `` volunteer '' schemes . 
  what sectors do you think will be affected ? 
  how does that happen ? 
  what is their excuse ? 
  oh come on it 's a lot better than it was . 
  it would be cool though if there was one thin strip of land with a huge gate . 
  that 's much smaller than i thought . 
  wow what a cunt you are . 
  quite lucky . 
  if the eu gets its shit together then norwegians might change their mind , if it does n't , well , no loss then is there ? 
  now apologise and feel bad about what your ancestors did . 
  that 's quite interesting . 
  i can see how it came about , regardless whether it 's wrong or not . 
  fuck , recruiting aussies as a preference is downright illegal .
