  how you said it made me think there was something wrong with how they queue up . 
  yeah , you kinda got me there now that i think about it . 
   so that the foreigners would not see how people line up . 
  how did they line up ? 
  does ireland need to exist ? 
  it 's just a tax haven for american corporations . 
   regarding , gaddafi , how could such a guy lead a country . 
  why ? 
  how was the grand canyon formed ? 
  a scotsman dropped a # 5 note down a rabbit hole . 
  there 's a few places that got their name in similar ways around europe . 
  lmao, 
  i 'm guessing there was more of a sense of community in iraqi towns . 
  i once ended up on a motorway on a 50cc moped . 
  these pics look strikingly similar to the russian pics thread from around the same time . 
  i remember growing up girls would always run off with older asian men when drinking in the weekends . 
  i remember a group of girls would smoke weed all the time with an asian guy and he 'd then take em away in a car to go see his mates . 
  there was a bit of competition with the young white lads and the asian men but there was nothing we could really do . 
  it was a peter kay phoenix nights reference . 
  ca n't you do a booze run to n.ireland ? 
  to be fair op is swedish , he was probably offended by the whole thing . 
  braveheart brainwashed and deluded a generation . 
  emigration !, 
  foreign affairs *, 
   if we 're going to hold grudges from 70 years ago never go to scotland . 
  sweden has an army ? 
  i met a pagan feminist once . 
  no shit , she could n't tell me much about her religion though . 
  fuck it it 's only sweden , they 're a lost cause , abandon all hope . 
  the thing is with the uk , it * does * often snow , the difference is we often get rain very soon after , maybe a day or a few days later . 
  it 's not mystery that the uk gets a lot of rain , it 's one of our biggest stereotypes of grey , shit weather . 
  two nights ago it snowed very heavily where i am in the uk , enough to make a very white christmas , it was large fluffy flakes and the snow was quite thick . 
  by the morning it was all gone with no trace because it started raining . 
  so yeah , we can really relate to the decorations and all that stuff . 
  i just wondered if you lived there and was experiencing it day to day . 
  are you swedish ? 
  they mean fuckall . 
  yes , you will be charged with assault . 
  i guess this only properly works if the people making these charts define their own rules to the crimes , but that 'd be difficult to do . 
   first rule of statistical analysis are the date comparable you mean are the dates of the figures from the same year ? 
  does n't surprise me . 
  after the paris attacks there was a group of 5-7 muslim lads in birmingham holding up isis flags chanting and one of them was saying something like `` look , nobody is stopping us '' . 
  [ i think i know why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1myqy5yeld0 ), 
  interesting . 
  what 's also interesting are those stats with england and scotland . 
  scotland is by far a safer place than most of england , yet their homicide rate is way higher !, 
  maybe it does n't take much to jump up in the stats when murders are already low . 
  but wtf is going on with rape in australia !, 
  right-wing opinion in the general public is to avoid war , the lefties wanted us to overthrow assad a few years ago . 
  at least in my country , the lefties now do n't want to bomb isis but only because they 're reacting against tories . 
  people just say stuff to look intelligent these days , i do n't know what 's going on with society . 
  like the people who say `` you know who created isis right ? 
  america did ... '' well ok , but why can you tell me literally * fuck all * else about this claim ? 
  not saying i do n't understand what they 're getting at , but i like to call them trending opinions . 
  oh wow that is very important . 
  so it 's opinions not actual stats !, 
  wow i did n't even realise that !, 
  talking about this architecture specifically . 
  thank fuck we have the north sea . 
  you mean the people that could afford it , while all the real poor are stuck in tents on the syrian borders ? 
   the only other way would be through finland and russia you ca n't catch a ferry ? 
  do these countries differ by what they define as crime ? 
  i mean , ireland is quite high but it is hardly a bad place at all . 
  russia has 8 or 9 times the murder rate than ireland . 
  i also thought denmark was worse but apparently it 's safer than sweden !, 
  that reminds me of [ this ] ( http://news.bbcimg.co.uk/media/images/61043000/jpg/_61043958_61043957.jpg ) . 
  imperial war museum salford . 
  was the bottom building there before or is that new too ? 
  i think he is trolling to be honest . 
   i think both styles had their roots in the classical tradition . 
  what do you mean both styles ? 
  there is no both styles . 
  the american style was british people moving to america and building in the style they knew . 
  but i 'm pretty sure you are trolling . 
  they have to get there first . 
  do n't forget , a lot of isis members in countries like libya are actually from libya . 
  isis wo n't be saying `` oh shit we 're losing in iraq and syria '' then move their armies in massive convoys across jordan , israel , lebanon and then egypt . 
  is that what you think will happen ? 
  isis have to win where they are . 
  once they lose in iraq and syria then isis as a concentrated organisation will cease to exist in the same form . 
  there will be splinter groups claiming to be the `` true isis '' and they will be a fractured mess . 
  the idea that this would create an even more violent islamist group is hilarious , wtf man ? 
  what do you even propose ? 
  oh i was n't disagreeing with the idea that russia are bombing isis , i just wanted to see the video . 
  that said , i 'm not the op you replied to first . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34992032 looks like we are doing the same . 
  why not arrest those involved in the radicalisation and cooperate with the muslims in the area ? 
  i needed a question mark at the end of my sentence , it was more of a question than me stating people wanted to give him extra time haha . 
  see this is the first i 've heard of this . 
  he has 3 mins to speak , people want him to give way thus extending his speech . 
  you think north africa will be destabilised by bombing isis ? 
  link ? 
  so why did they want him to give way ? 
  i could n't care what reddit think . 
  we measure success in different ways . 
  also being a pussy because you know full well other countries would have to step in if you ever got attacked is n't brave or progressive . 
  but then that 's the story of the eu and smaller countries is n't it ? 
  cut your defence spending because it does n't really matter . 
  yeah i did n't really think about that . 
  should split turkey in half ,
