  there are areas where 95 % + are muslim . 
  does n't mean you ca n't go there though . 
  not in the uk . 
  when someone says something like this it is one guy . 
  yeah it is true that people do n't want turkey in the eu , we used to , i think people quite liked turkey about 6 years ago but their reputation has been destroyed for at least a generation in the past few years . 
  same where i lived in england , in salford ( probably unknown in ireland ) . 
  but if they shoot each other it 's fine , shoot anyone else and everyone 's house gets raided . 
  article quotes one guy , / r/europe pounces on it as the view of the whole of the uk . 
   ffs calm the fuck down uk you do know this is one guy right ? 
  you must be young , trust me , people blame blair for most of this . 
  brits too stupid to see it . 
  lol , ok , you should come to britain and ask around and see what they think . 
  which nobody believed , pushed by a few shitty papers , pounced on by lefties saying `` where are the millions of romanians ? '' . 
  nobody believed it , but it 's said time and time again by people like you . 
  it is n't just a polish problem , it 's immigration as a whole . 
  personally i think they should have told people where to go once they got here , not let people go where they like and we end up with whole neighbourhoods of a certain minority in an area with few jobs . 
  you could get a town struggling to fill job places while another town people are struggling to find jobs , and all of a sudden there 's a shitload of people from latvia there . 
  it is just stupid and if anything its hard on the immigrants because they went where their friends were not where the jobs were . 
  are we still doing that as an argument ? 
  what about england or scotland flag instead of the british flag ? 
  but by 900 they would have definitely thought themselves as english . 
  in 900 they were fighting the vikings who had conquered half the country . 
  like how americans always say the english settled northern ireland , well maybe a few did , but it was mostly a scottish thing . 
  but the yanks masturbate over the scots , so they change history . 
  i have no idea where you got that idea from , seriously . 
  it is n't worth arguing with someone so bitter on the internet , you live for this shit , it 's filling a void in your life and a way to channel anger . 
  you just spend the rest of your life being bitter and i 'll go do something else with a grin on my face like the good englishman i am . 
  nah i 'm saying many irish people did the deeds of the british , they were doing the killing with their own hands in india , afria , north america etc. 
  not say the british did n't , they obviously did , but it makes me laugh when people like just bang on about the potato famine like you have never done anything bad . 
  it 's history , it is n't the present , dicks like you give the irish a bad name and make it look like a backward place . 
  eat it up . 
  stop pretending your oppressed and living in the past . 
  were n't the irish the most numerous soldiers in the empire at one point ? 
  you know , the actual guys doing the pillaging and raping . 
  oh i see , i think you need to read up on your history lmao . 
  wow . 
  stay bitter ( seriously ) . 
  serious question . 
  why do you dislike the uk so much but are so willing for the eu to work . 
  the eu is just a bigger version of the uk , it is heading that way and it 's no secret . 
  i always found it weird that europeans were n't more scared of this empire than they were , preferring to fight each other !, 
  would you have liked it to be a british protectorate ? 
  it 's a weird question i think . 
  it 's like when we talk about islam are we offending the various factions of islam ? 
  what about all other religions ? 
  christianity is still a religion . 
  bloody celts , go back to france !, 
  wait , what ? 
  what happened ? 
  catholics have to be the strangest christians in england . 
  it 's like every catholic i 've met is n't even religious compared to church of england or protestants . 
  nobody says `` i 'm church of england '' then says they 're atheist , but someone would say they were catholic and not believe in it at all . 
  wtf is that about ? 
  technically yes you do because i live in britain and we consider ourselves in europe . 
  but nobody would say `` i 'm a european '' just like nobody else does . 
  thought ukip do n't like trump ? 
  99 % of brits consider themselves as part of europe . 
  oh wait it 's you . 
  i hate it when people act like we are n't part of the continent . 
  how stupid can people be ? 
  it 's because of our language being english they seem to lump all cultures in europe in one culture . 
  surely russia has more than this ? 
  i ca n't see france being close to russia . 
  damn we 'd never have anything like this on the radio . 
   what 's really funny is the average person probably does n't really follow turkish politics or care too , too much about what exactly is going on over there . 
  i do n't know , it 's quite a big subject for europeans right now . 
  i never even see it used anyway except for these rants about it . 
  british people never say `` british isles '' anyway they 're far more likely to say britain and ireland . 
  i put it purely down to the dislike of the word * british * in the title . 
  so i 'm inclined to believe it is the correct term . 
  now i have no problem with irish people wanting to change the name , if they are admitting they have a problem with the word british in it , but come on now , no need to bullshit about it . 
  it does . 
  it 's the name of the archipelago . 
  that link you posted is the type of shit i was thinking of . 
  i always read it on the bus . 
  that says enough is different to enough said in english . 
  they are used in different contexts . 
  same in uk . 
  wtf was that about ? 
  why was architecture so awful ? 
  got a feeling more people like the brit flag than they let on , but wo n't admit it especially in this sub . 
  there must be a reason it is so popular in europe right now on phone cases and handbags and stuff . 
  they 'll just say ireland and it 'd be boring . 
  polandball is n't even funny and half the posts are just malicious . 
  spain is benidorm , benidorm is spain . 
  edinburgh and the highlands are hardly underrated . 
  same problem with people going to london and thinking they know all about england . 
  [ spain ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2f/benidorm_desde_el_mar_02_jmm.jpg ), 
  really ? 
  you can understand a geordie or a scouser easier than a welshman ? 
  i do n't think so somehow !, 
  fair enough . 
  i live in scotland hah . 
  well when you live on a council estate and you and your partner both have jobs and struggle to get by and the family of four next door is jobless and has a huge wall-mounted tv and ... whatever . 
  well i do n't fucking see any of it . 
  shh , he was trying to be an adult and did n't want to mention his parents fund his lifestyle . 
  i 'm colourblid , so all i saw was something that definitely was n't scottish . 
  why you got a swedish flag if you 're scottish ? 
  no true scotsman ... 
  wtf is that flag ?
