  if it 's earlier in the day time and people are eating a meal then they will clean it every time someone is finished eating there . 
  pubs do n't close that early . 
  i almost thought that was a joke because you 're from dublin where it 's ridiculously expensive , but you 're not irish at all . 
  people tend to go to clubs at 11pm , but a lot of pubs stay open to half 12 or 2am . 
  there is one 24/7 hour pub near me but it 's fucking disgusting . 
  i 've never been anywhere where a pint cost # 4.50 . 
  i 've drank in every major city ... except london . 
  avoid a pub with a flat roof . 
  ok , trolling and jokes aside , i 'll explain why i think you 're wrong . 
   about the whole english thing , it 's true that we still call this language english and most of us speak it , but as far as americans go , the term is separated from any direct connection to england . 
  its simply the name of the language . 
  nobody thinks it is n't , it * is * just the name of the language , but to say it 's american because they won the culture war is simply wrong . 
  secondly , the problem with who has influenced who you 've got wrong . 
  the problem is a lot of british influence happened a long time ago and is now taken for granted , so you see a big advert for nike in the middle of london and think `` yes american culture '' . 
  but you overlook so many other things like the television you watch the programme on , the radio you listen to , even the origins of the computer you 're using , even the language you 're typing in , something like 56 % of all the worlds inventions came out of britain and that study was done by the japanese . 
  so it 's easy to watch the simpsons on tv and think american culture `` won '' or walk down the street and see an advert at a bus stop advertising fast and furious 15 . 
  it reminds me of the story an american wrote years back on this very subject , of american influence in the world , he went through each step of his morning routine and described the origin of everything he touched . 
  so when you take a piss in the morning and flush that toilet which is n't american , that toothbrush you put in your mouth that is n't american and go to the kitchen and use the kettle that is n't american , and get your milk out of the fridge that is n't american , you get your pop tarts out of your cupboard and look at the brand name and think `` everything in my kitchen is american '' . 
  it 's this bias you probably use when ever you go to another country . 
  also , why have the croatian flag if you 're american ? 
  but it 's true , you are from such a small country that is trying to be more western than eastern european . 
  bigger countries mostly have their own culture , rather than copied from outside influences , so we are n't as subject to american culture like your country , which is a small tourism hub . 
  but remember , every word you type is english . 
  there was no culture war , americans speak english . 
  lol the jealousy/envy is strong . 
  i do n't know about croatia , but your country probably has shit tv and has to rely on american imports , so in your country you yes american style english is probably more popular . 
  your culture is probably mostly american by now , but in countries worth a damn like germany or france we are n't subject to americanisation like croatia or san marino . 
  but all this is beside the point , i do n't care whether it 's british , canadian or american english . 
  the fact is that the language is still called english . 
  that will never change , even the most patriotic yanks call it english , which is something you seem to have missed when being educated/adopting my culture . 
  every single indian i 've ever met has said `` biscuits '' . 
  in the uk we also say trucks far more than lorry , i 've never used the word lorry . 
  the point is , the language is called english , and as long as i can understand them , or ca n't understand them because of the accent , then it will remain `` english '' not `` american '' . 
  it 's still called english , just with some variations like any country that speaks it . 
  but i must say you underestimate the amount of people in the world that use more of a british style than american , or in some cases a mix . 
  look at india , pakistan and africa , if you were to add up the numbers then english english is by far the most common . 
  so although some european countries use americanised english , it 's still not enough to claim `` they won the culture war '' . 
  what does `` culture war '' even mean anyway ? 
  half the shit you use was invented in britain . 
  also , the dialect thing , wrong in every way . 
  you might as well say people in england all have different dialects because they vary more than they do in the us , but i forgive your ignorance . 
  what is this ? 
  she said american but quickly changed it back to english , yet is laughed at by all of america for calling the language american . 
  you do realise the americans call their own language `` english '' ? 
  sometimes i think he will resign in a year or two , other times i think he 's mad enough to stay there forever . 
  either way the guy is a moron . 
  i knew you spanish were consciously keeping quiet . 
  exact same situation in england , we 've even got polish areas now . 
  that video is fucking shocking to say the least . 
  it 's obvious they thought they 'd be living in a swedish city and all their kids would be studying to be doctors . 
  liverpool and manchester have a strong rivalry , especially in football . 
  we do have accents distinct enough not to mix them up . 
  although it would probably just be jealousy , it would n't stop british people moving to a certain part of the uk . 
  750k scottish born live in england and it only has a population of 5.3 million . 
  but if somewhere like , say , romania suddenly had a silicon valley i do n't think many people in western europe would move there , i do n't even think many people would care . 
  we 're more likely to move to america 's silicon valley !, 
  are you british living in us yourself ? 
  shit , any office job is better than factory work . 
  scouse . 
  no joke , sometimes people think i 'm scouse , as soon as i tell them i 'm mancunian they get down on their knees and beg for mercy . 
  even people in the uk would n't like it being in the wrong part . 
   english itself is a bastardized blend of norman french and anglo-saxon , so i 'm not shedding too many tears for it when it gets changed to be introduced to a new culture . 
  wtf ? 
  you do n't think other languages have changed as much in the last one thousand years ? 
  hoe do i actually get to the picture so i can read it ? 
  if it makes you feel better the anglo-saxons invaded scotland and built edinburgh castle . 
  i only found it by doing a search though . 
  9 countries were missed . 
  he 's an office worker . 
  you need drugs to stay awake in such a mundane lifestyle . 
  england and scotland border experience here . 
  many people work on either side of the border , get the bus to work in the morning on either side . 
  i travel between the two so often i forget we 're different countries . 
  i seem to be putting black pepper on a lot of things in recent years . 
  why did n't you redecorate for them ? 
  fucking germans . 
  yeah . 
  when i think of soviet union i think russia . 
  you also have the british and irish playing on the same team in one tournament . 
  i just looked , there 's nothing on that sub for turkey sadly . 
  apart from [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europics/comments/2q3vwv/batman_turkey/ ), 
  if it makes you feel better , it was the final picture that has convinced me to see estonia on my europetrip . 
  i showed it my girlfriend and then showed her pictures of my cousins visit there . 
  i 'm actually quite proud of it myself , it looks really good and gives the other pictures a run for their money . 
  i was worried we 'd get something shit like ireland did . 
  have you ever been outside scotland , even england ? 
  most places are worse , and no , there is n't that much poverty in scotland at all . 
  people think they live in poverty that live in a house and have food . 
  neither , it 's just a low populated and nice place to be without any real poverty or crime . 
  but let 's pretend it 's a shithole and only indi can save us . 
  have you been around scotland lately ? 
  it 's one of the best countries in the world . 
  a lot of run-down areas in british cities look like that . 
  a lot of polish that ended up living in salford want to move back because they hated it !, 
  [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dxzfrfkgx8 ), 
  what you going to do , get the police to rip a husband away from his family ? 
  good luck with the riots that would cause . 
  even if they did attempt this with the best intentions like you , it would be all over the media and yet again be related to some 1940 's style segregation . 
  thank god we voted no , has n't a lot of stuff snp said turned out to be bullshit like the oil ? 
  that said , a lot of promises from the no side were bullshit too , but nobody voted no for that .
