  worse than that they rely on the leftie-crowd , the people that laugh because they feel like they should , because they have to , `` ukip hurr duurrrrrrrr '' . 
  there 's other panel shows out there that beat it , in fact most do , qi and hignfy are even funnier , not to mention 8 out of 10 , their countdown version and would i lie to you ? 
  there 's also a reason the best comedians do n't frequent that show , because it 's shitter . 
  we have small towns where a 2 bedroom semi-detached could cost you # 150k ( $ 235k ) easy , with no job opportunities in the town other than local businesses like shops , farms , supermarkets . 
  the people in them bought them for like # 30k in the 80 's . 
  unlike us you ca n't really escape it unless you emigrate , which i 'd love to do if i did n't have to leave my family behind . 
  i was just saying , originally i thought your flag was lgbt so i thought i 'd ask . 
  ok , i had n't seen that one . 
  looks like the lgbt flag , but upside down . 
  oh sorry i thought your flag next to your name was the lgbt flag . 
  noticed with the askreddit thread it varies a lot in usa . 
  depending where you are . 
  in uk it ' a expensive everywhere and london has artificially made the prices rise across all uk . 
  is that an lgbt flag ? 
  what was that area in finland called ? 
  the lake district is n't exactly about the lakes alone , do n't let the name fool you , it 's more about the region as a whole , how it all comes together naturally to make one of my favourite places in the world , including the villages , pubs and its history . 
  it 's sad actually , summer would be the best time to visit colder countries and experience the lakes and hills !, 
  damn they sound german to me , even the stuff they are saying sounds it . 
  not sure what you 're asking is expensive , the curry as a whole , from a takeaway , or just the rice ? 
  none of it is expensive really , if you ordered a takeaway it might be about # 8, 
  that 's slovenian ? 
  it was a big joke so people go to scotland instead of england . 
  i am genuinely interested in the belgian coast now so it worked . 
  never really considered belgium before , and it is n't too far either !, 
  mock the week is shit , our worst kind of comedy . 
  they want to make it as unappealing as possible , they want them to move out of greece and on to other places . 
  italy , spain and france are similar . 
  in shitty uk we make it as appealing as possible . 
  that beach area looks very nice , i want to go there . 
  though you mention british pebble beaches , i 've never actually been to one , every beach i 've been to has sand . 
  that 's true but there is far more effort put into a sunday roast . 
  these days i make a curry with little effort put into it , cook a frozen chicken breast , chop it up and throw it in a pan with a jar of curry . 
  fish and chips tend to be frozen crap too . 
  fair enough . 
  i have drank turkish tea and it was very nice , i bought some flavoured tea too . 
  british tea would taste horrible and bitter without any milk . 
  my interpretation is that they 're calling for a type of european nationalism that embraces green energy and immigrants . 
  that we should not become insular but help the world and this would help stop immigrants coming to europe . 
  that to avoid war with outsiders we should be nice to them or something . 
  but it 's done in a very german way . 
  now you all need to start saying `` u wot m8 ? '', 
  but the tea seems to be totally different than that in turkey . 
  the tea i drank in turkey would be weird with milk . 
  debated . 
  what ?? 
  you get our panel shows too , that 's funny . 
  which shows do you get ? 
  some people want to trow rocks , get angry , be part of a mob but feel righteous about it at the same time . 
  fish and chips , last eaten yesterday . 
  curry is probably second most typical , 2 nights ago i had [ chicken tikka masala ] ( http://www.chowstatic.com/assets/recipe_photos/30953_chicken_tikka_masala.jpg ) . 
  i do n't know why but the down voting made me laugh more . 
  is it bad that i 've only ever imagined finland in snow and never green ? 
  agreed . 
  scotland is an amazing place , you even get free water , no water bill !, 
  in england it 's like # 800 a year just to run water , not to mention your free dental care and university education . 
  i 'm surprised more people do n't move to scotland rather than england . 
  if i was reading this thread and was thinking about moving to the uk i would choose scotland . 
  europe , asia , africa , move to scotland !, 
  that can happen anywhere in uk , edinburgh is actually posh . 
  i had curry for breakfast actually , leftovers from last night . 
  the only bullshit picture in the whole album is the picture of the people in kilts . 
  scotland is much nicer than everyone thinks , even the scots , they want to be seen as alcoholic big men but really it 's a beautiful country and 90 % safe . 
  i say this as an englishman who moved to scotland expecting a load of nutters who hate england , it 's far from the truth . 
  [ you forgot to mention salford ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hdpob71rnp8 ), 
  the internet is at your fingertips . 
  but i 'll give you a nudge , it 's really easy to find . 
  i genuinely think the mods of subreddits like these are run by people who have a strong political agenda . 
  they pretend they 're unbiased then do somersaults and doublethink to manipulate it . 
  tried and tested . 
  sometimes does n't work and the kid dies , mass outrage across the country and social services are blamed for not intervening . 
  news stories all over the papers of how * this child has been neglected before * and * authorities knew about the suffering of the child * . 
  people get blamed , people lose their jobs and then * their * lives are ruined . 
  when ever i hear about belarus i instantly think of [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/smnx11y0dvo?t=311 ), 
  what do you mean , that this should n't have happened ? 
  `` the girl was found by a police officer in early 2010 , alone in the family flat in south west london . 
  he told the court she was wearing a nappy that was falling off between her legs , that her clothes were wet and she was shivering . 
  he said there was a strong smell of urine and faeces . '', 
  vast majority want to work . 
  but they are aware of the benefits systems in place too.they generally just want a better life for themselves . 
  i 'd say it 's got to the point now where even the liberals know it is ridiculous and have to admit there is a massive problem . 
  to me one of them is clearly british , london accent , more like a cockney accent . 
  the other guy sounds far more american but it is still off so much so it does n't sound native . 
  it happens the other way round too , a lot of people struggle to understand a lot of english accents . 
  i 'm in scotland and people often ca n't understand me . 
   seems obvious , one wonders why it was n't already the case . 
  well i tried asking a bus driver how much it was to my destination but he could n't understand me , i think he learned the names of the areas he passed through but speaking a sentence he had no clue what i said . 
  maybe it goes unreported , was this even a riot ? 
  looks like a bit of a skirmish , shit like this happens every single day . 
  [ like this shit ] ( http://www.liveleak.com/view?i=d39_1439283143 ), 
  these kind of riots happen all the time where there is a concentration of homeless immigrants . 
  i was mostly questioning the scale of it all , the suddenness of it in europe . 
  it 's like it 's all happening over night . 
  `` in france there is no home and you spend months sleeping in the streets . 
  it 's different in england . 
  they give you a house then you can wait while you get documents . '', 
  what the hell is going on man ... 
  well done ireland i 'm so proud of you , you 've come a long way . 
  what 's gun crime like in finland ? 
  which wars ? 
  free where ?
