i read your comment in a german accent . 
  i live in england where there are quite a few and believe it or not pakistanis are mostly good people . 
  no , you 're missing the point again . 
  it 's not so much about cultural differences as it is about being in a legal position to leave . 
  it 's a shitty example for that alone , does n't even matter if all of catalonia was chinese and all followed islam . 
  again , catalonia , quebec , bavaria are n't countries . 
   i believe in self determination and democracy . 
  so do i , and i hope the catalonians get independence if they so wish . 
  but again , scotland can leave the uk much easier than catalonia leaving spain or bavaria leaving germany . 
  scotland and england was a bad example , that 's all i 'm saying , yorkshire leaving england is a better example . 
  you also massively underestimate the cultural differences between scotland and england . 
  true . 
  but you said `` so independence is okay for scotland because the uk government allows it but not for catalonia because spains wont ? 
  catalonia is part of spain , as in a piece of spain , it * can * stop it if it wants , even though i 'm all for catalonian independence . 
  scotland , england , wales , n.ireland can all leave the uk whenever the fuck they want . 
  i 'd say catalonia is more like the isle of man , but the isle of man is n't even in the eu !, 
  catalonia does n't even have that choice . 
  so i 'm saying your example of the uk is a bad one , you might as well ask `` so its ok for greece to leave the eu but not catalonia leaving spain ? '', 
  so the difference is n't `` larger '' . 
  hollywood vs reality that can be googled in seconds . 
  it 's actually a horrible story , they found some english sailors in edinburgh i think and hanged them for no reason . 
  you need to look it up , it 's changed since the referendum , it 's down . 
  just want to say , the whole scotland giving or taking more than it receives is debated so much it 's hard to tell which is lying . 
  catalonia is n't really debated is it ? 
  scotland and england are two different countries , not just in the minds of the people but on paper . 
  you know you can support catalan independence and vote no for scotland indy . 
  agreed . 
  to do this right they need to do more operations like this . 
  not capture them , which would mean being put on trial and being sent to prison . 
  it literally could be anyone . 
  my guess is the eu is behind it and literally men from any country in the eu did it . 
  lions !, 
  wow had no idea that happened . 
  do you think it 's good if uk is a counterweight to germany ? 
  personally , i think part of the problem is how we do politics in uk . 
  we criticise the government and want to know exactly what their intentions are . 
  i would n't say it was an overestimate of the importance of the country , more that we will look after our own interests first , regardless . 
  if that 's arrogance then so be it , but britain first , eu second , especially as brits genuinely saw germany as leading the eu but totally failing at every big event that happens upon them . 
  most of the shit the british say other countries say too , but smaller countries get ignored . 
  234 returned to germany , 23 in jail . 
  wow i remember that from when i was a kid . 
  i 'm basically calling you an idiot for saying i 'm a racist . 
  i do think a lot of these people need help , but to complain they are n't given a house in a city in sweden but instead a flat in a smaller town is ridiculous . 
  if that makes me a racist then you 've lost the plot . 
  looks cool but i do n't really get it . 
  you know this is exactly what i keep telling people . 
  the poorest of the syrian refugees live [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6f/an_aerial_view_of_the_za'atri_refugee_camp.jpg ) in jordan . 
  oh i 'm sorry i did n't realise you worked in the secret service , i had no idea all 234 were under surveillance 24/7 . 
  i was under the impression they had problems actually convicting these people . 
  if i had to answer the question i thought it was obvious . 
  europe has to compete with china , us , india and emerging economies in south america and africa . 
  ironically , europe being the most successful continent is down to all the countries being in a race against each other to survive . 
  for a long time in europe if you could n't keep up you got your arse kicked . 
  i this a per capita thing ? 
  a lot of them fall in love online . 
  `` of the 670 cases scrutinized , 234 jihadists returned to germany , and 23 are currently in jail . '', 
  234 returned , something tells me at least a few of those are still as radical as ever . 
  how does that make sense ? 
  this is the worst reply to anything i 've ever asked on reddit . 
  of course the kkk costume was ridiculous , i thought the guy was a fucking idiot . 
  but then that 's not what i was talking about , i ca n't talk about everything in one single post can i ? 
  why do n't i type all about my thoughts of the whole of the syrian civil war every time i want to make a statement about something ? 
  are you for real ? 
  there 's loads of cases . 
  honestly , why the bad habit of calling everything an isolated case ? 
  i bet you think isis militants are all individual isolated cases of the result of an abused child . 
  so i 'm a radical racist now ? 
  made a boob . 
  illogical hard left because they are the type to attack anyone even slightly critical of the refugee problem 3 months ago . 
  lmao , that 's just funny . 
  best comment . 
  damn , this is what i was thinking . 
  [ this picture ] ( https://uproarwp.s3.amazonaws.com/uploads/2014/07/rustbelt.jpg ) sums up exactly what i was trying to describe . 
  it 's not too bad , but it 's not exactly good , it just is kinda culturally dead and it looks like the future is bleak too . 
  that picture could easily pass for a northern english town too . 
  i 'll just be frank here , most brits do n't really care about putin . 
  you say the lack of interest displayed by russia in the uk , honestly most brits do n't think about russia . 
  but then you fly jets near our coast and it will make the news . 
  anyone else noticed the lack of comments from the illogical hard-left in these threads ? 
  can any of you people who have been defending them in recent months defend this ? 
  defend the guy in sweden who said the town he was put in was too shit ? 
  originally , when we heard about people leaving bulgaria , romania and even poland , people defended it by saying of course they want the best for their family , of course they 're going to flee to germany because it 's better . 
  well what do you people think about this then ? 
  i just find the silence amusing and annoying at the same time . 
  sorry , i 've confused you with someone else using the croatian flag who started this whole conversation , so basically everything i said was n't aimed at you . 
  although i must add , i was very surprised to hear how many tv programmes from the uk are watched all over europe , crappy dramas i thought only a handful of people watched are watched in poland and elsewhere !, 
  i 'd say although you have extremely up to date places like new york and places in california , there is also a hell of a lot of towns and cities that just seem to have stopped moving with the times some point in the 90 's . 
  i 'm from northern england and we also have towns that just seem to have stopped moving with the times ( the kind of places that hate thatcher ) , but here you can go to the next town along and it will look fine . 
  when i was in the us you seem to have whole regions that just look stuck in the 80 's or 90 's . 
  but also whole regions that are very up-to-date . 
  they 're like that annoying kid in the class . 
  i imagine a classroom where each pupil represents a country , sweden is sat at the front answering all the teachers questions . 
  romania 's that smelly kid at the back that starts off a nits epidemic . 
  i do n't know if this is the same for the rest of europe , but the uk can vary a lot for some reason . 
  some places can be 40 % others like 75 % !, 
  some places are `` posh '' that go for an old traditional pub feel ( that never really existed in the past ) . 
  you will get people coming to you there . 
  what 's the point ? 
  it will just get messy again . 
  also it will just annoy the people at the table .
