  also the germanic thing , sweden probably being the most germanic country you can get . 
  it 's still useful but there is still a clear divide . 
  most immigrants we get from europe are from poland , romania , bulgaria , lithuania and a few others , they 're all east of france , germany , italy and south of scandinavia . 
  if life in poland was more like germany , then within a decade people would stop calling poland `` eastern europe '' . 
  as it stands , that 's not the case , because i do n't know any germans but have spoken to hundreds of poles . 
  i consider them western , not sure why . 
  maybe because they were n't part of the soviet union . 
  that 's like me showing a picture of the houses of parliament and saying what 's wrong with britain ? 
  but we all know they 'd end up living [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f4/thursfield_street,_salford.jpg ) . 
  is it just me or did anyone else burst out laughing after reading the title ? 
  but i 've seen a few arguments on here now where people from poland attack someone from finland for considering themselves either western or scandinavian . 
  you poles get jealous of finland in this sub i see it all the time . 
  rubbish , the same people who criticise hungary are the same people that criticise the situation at calais . 
   what i find though among fellow liberal academics is an extreme unwillingness to discuss the problems with islam whilst not having any problems talking about problematic ideas in other religons , in other words most of them are hypocrites . 
  that 's because they are n't true liberals . 
  these are the people who follow the easiest path in society , they do n't really care , even if they truly believe they do . 
  they are following the trend , it 's much easier to get by as a `` leftie '' and any logic is left out of their views . 
  they are the type of people who would make great nazis if they just so happened to be living in 1930 's germany , they would 've made great communists living in the soviet union , they 'd be a respectable member in north korean society . 
  they do n't * really * care about anyone . 
  is that how you say margarita ? 
  haha , i find the accent very strange here , but then i do n't think he was trying to do an accent ? 
  what english do you know ? 
  must point out this has nothing to do with accents at the time as the accents around england were far more distinct than today . 
  some old farmers around the country still speak in such strong accents it 's impossible to understand them . 
  500 years ago and more people from different counties considered each other `` foreign '' . 
  why ? 
  there was a documentary where a british guy spoke old english to a farmer in frisia and he could work out what he was asking , to buy a cow or something . 
  frisian is very close . 
  there was a documentary where a british guy spoke old english to a farmer in frisia and he could work out what he was asking , to buy a cow or something . 
  these lot were clearly older than 16 year old white scallies . 
  you will soon , look up brick lane , london beating . 
  it will happen , there are places you would n't go in england at night , look up the recent brick lane , london beating . 
  imagine something like that charlie hebdo thing happened tonight . 
  yeah it was a great video except for the africans bit . 
  evil germans !, 
  these poor people should be allowed where they want !, 
  gino ` sheffield ' d'acampo , an italian celebrity chef . 
  he gets the women wet but is also funny . 
  try explain that to everyone on the left in the uk . 
  edl and bnp are dead . 
  we have just been told for 20 years the everyone in eastern europe lives like the average syrian so we all think they need help . 
  do n't give that shit about it only being a few , vast majority of poles i know hate africans and asians . 
  practically anyone in the last 15 years against immigration of any kind is called a racist/fascist . 
  you ca n't speak about it in , say , a university . 
  as someone from uk : hahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahahh wo n't be long before the smaller countries look to the uk and be like `` oh the brits are n't as bad '' . 
  but then they 're probably too stubborn to do that . 
  well then they 're all racist right ? 
  fuckit i do n't care if i get down voted , if it was a brit doing it about poles we 'd be racist , fuck em all . 
  although at the same time , i 'm glad the eastern europeans have balls unlike the western europeans . 
  that the biggest drop ever , why do people say it was n't as bad as past figures ? 
  is that the result of the manipulation of unemployment figures maybe , e.g. 
  work experience being classed as employed . 
  can you give me a link please ? 
  colour blind nightmare . 
  jokes aside , we 'll catch down when companies keep employing poles to work for cheaper . 
  muslims tend to avoid manual work like labourers , road workers , plumbers and electricians . 
  a plumber can earn around # 30k , but poles offer to work for # 21k . 
  you do n't get muslims doing that . 
  why did they miss out uk , france and italy , some of the biggest eu economies , but add germany ? 
  you know , england in the winter can look so depressing and shit , you sometimes see beautiful pictures of snow covered hills but generally we do n't get much snow and instead it looks grey , colourless and everything is dead . 
  but summer !, 
  it 's like someone turned up the contrast , everything turns bright green , everyone is so much more happier . 
  i like to go abroad for a week or two for a holiday , but nothing beats walking around the countryside in summer , visiting pubs along the way . 
  but it 's not to the same scale , that is n't an all out , full on war . 
  it 's just a totally and utterly different setting . 
  a few hours , what turkey to sweden ? 
  haha not at all . 
  you 're confusing your empathy with stupidity . 
  it 's not like they pick a country from a list and teleport there though is it ? 
  they do have to make their way there from their home country , and we have seen how bad that can get . 
  so no , i would n't simply choose the best country in europe and make a beeline for it on foot . 
  unless i 'm being ignorant here , and hungary , poland and others are third world shitholes , worse than pre-war syria , which i have a feeling a lot of people would argue otherwise . 
  if my country , england , was in a devastating war and i had to live in poland , offered a home , school for kids and a job , i would be so damn grateful i 'd feel like i owed them back . 
  it 's not like poland is that bad , there 's obviously problems there but i would accept my situation and deal with it . 
  that 's odd , most polish people i have worked with over the last 10 years share the same views , if not more right-wing than ukip . 
  the only thing ukip do n't like that the poles i 've met do n't like is the immigration system . 
  but it 's never as bad as some places in our cities . 
  i grew up in salford , i 've never been anywhere worse . 
  i give it 2 more years max . 
  because you can build a life in these countries ? 
  even so , are you actually saying it 's totally fine and they should be allowed in any country of their choosing ? 
   ( and for uk it 's only because of language factor ) as a brit , i find this disturbing . 
  it 's like the whole world is saying `` we do n't like you , but we want to live in your country '' . 
  go fuck yourself and stay in your own shit holes . 
   considerably lower wages and social benefits compared to western europe what about compared to eastern europe ? 
  no uk ? 
  because they would n't let germany rule the roost ? 
  if you think brits hate the idea of rich eu countries banding together then you really have been eating up pro-eu propaganda . 
  anyway , this is the second comment by a german about a union of the best eu countries but leaving out the uk , maybe you guys really do want to rule europe still . 
  in a lot of countries the lifestyle in the countryside is one of sheer poverty . 
  explains why , as a manc , every brummie in manchester has to tell me all about why birmingham is better , how it has more people and a bigger economy , and why manchester is so shit , without fail , every fucking time . 
  from uk . 
  worked abroad for a few months a long time ago , lived on a mattress but was earning good money . 
  that 's what you do when you 're working abroad , you are there for money , not to make a new life , which is the same as many poles . 
  people are too stupid to realise that though so they pretend all foreigners are hard workers , but only when it comes to western europe . 
  yes but it is n't like thousands of them are n't passing right through these countries they consider too shit . 
  they should have to go back when the war is over and help rebuild the country . 
  how would a british guy manage in poland ? 
  why ? 
  are they saying some countries allow their family to follow them , whereas some do n't ?
