  to be fair pro-indi supporters consider anything anti-indi as scaremongering , oil-thieving , pride-damaging , tinfoil hat time . 
  yeah but the bbc is very pro-palestine , even the israelis complain about bbc bias . 
  but the most nutty of the left believe bbc is pro-israel . 
  any dumbfuck knows the bbc is very left-wing , they admit it themselves all the time . 
  seriously how hard is it for you to google ? 
  whaaaaat ? 
  never heard that one !, 
  we ca n't help the worlds problems . 
  they need to sort their own problems instead of always running away from them , then maybe one day they can be like europe . 
  shit man , people like you get to vote too , i worry about our future . 
  that looks so typically early 1900 's british . 
  edit : i searched the pic , its 1900 england . 
  again , you do n't understand what constitutes a holiday . 
  i do n't think the staring was the main problem here , most people are aware of that . 
  but the begging and wanting your money can get tiresome . 
  he 's on holiday , he 's worked his arse off all year and gets a week or two off to enjoy himself , once a year . 
  if you go somewhere people are nagging you for money all the time you 're not going to go back , that 's not how holidays work , it 's not a fucking charity . 
  so you go somewhere else next year , that 's how business works . 
  wow , i never knew this was the case . 
  i wonder what it 's like for us and china . 
  obviously south america are decades behind . 
  your english is fine for an irishman . 
  imagine alcoholic tramps , they 'd be sat there with a sweaty 50 shades of grey book they found pretending to read . 
  huh ? 
  i 'd like to know more please !, 
  because if it was a group of students at one university it 'd be totally different to a group of people from , say , a building site . 
  really ? 
  you do n't think having a diverse selection of people means anything in a survey ? 
  and where were those 194 people ? 
  how many were construction workers , mechanics , in the army ? 
  gosh , no wonder people think britain is so nice ( apart from the murder bit ) . 
  they 're so unlike british life it is pure fiction . 
  that 's the thing , they do n't pay rent . 
  absolutely no mention of how many people were asked or who was asked . 
  it 's a load of bullshit , i agree . 
  corrie . 
  i 'd love the idea of people all over europe watching nesbitt . 
  wow i did n't realise you got all those programmes in france . 
  i 've never even heard of utopia . 
  that link does n't work in my country . 
  i hate / r/unitedkingdom too . 
  it does make me wonder why that sub is like that and others are n't . 
  i 'm more worried about new people going to that sub and thinking that 's the type of thinking of all british people . 
  a forest replanted in the viking ages probably looks very different now . 
  but i 've seen some really shit examples of it . 
  like an old forest destroyed along with all its wildlife and its biodiversity , replaced by organised trees and it is nothing like the same . 
  [ beautiful ] ( https://tomnixon.files.wordpress.com/2012/03/batu-replanted.jpg ) ... not . 
  then you might like / r/unitedkingdom, 
  it is the actual reason though . 
  maybe it 's because it went on for longer ? 
  who should we vote for in scotland to make change ? 
  it 's only fucking august 2015 and there 's already `` unforeseen '' disasters if scotland had got indi . 
  what a surprise . 
  anyone with a brain does n't trust the snp populist party and their cheesy college kid policies . 
  honestly though , where exactly is france ? 
  have you ever seen these new forests that have replaced the old ones ? 
  to be fair the left are more guilty of all this on reddit . 
  scotland also has different laws , so does wales and northern ireland . 
  they 're all more independent than any specific state . 
  also , britain did n't have as much of an impact on indian life as people think , it was more ruling the leaders that ruled . 
  that was the point i was discussing with the other danish guy . 
  you may well like junk food , alcohol and cigs but so do the brits , probably moreso with cigs and alcohol . 
  honestly i ca ' t think of a cause . 
  are people more depressed there ? 
  is healthcare good ? 
  how the hell is denmark below uk and ireland ? 
  i thought it was cold , rough and poor ? 
  safe ? 
  it is very poor . 
  does n't this stuff happen in eastern europe around latvia and estonia ? 
  i mean , we get a lot of scams from those countries . 
  what is this sudden obsession with baltic states trying to be scandinavian ? 
  i always wondered why the us was n't classed as an empire . 
  for all intents and purposes it is , the states gained were often taken by force , not just states already ruled by white people but the areas taken from the native populations . 
  wow what a cheap attempt at a money grab , but really funny at the same time . 
  i reckon more yanks would have bought it if they knew about it . 
  please do n't call me british !, 
  i 'm triggering !, 
  i actually had to google who van rompuy was but now i remember . 
  most scots do n't buy into that shit . 
  the really shitty newspapers and scottish nationalist propaganda tries to use the scandinavian viking thing to separate them from the english a much as possible . 
  but in reality the vikings barely touched scotland , it was actually england where most vikings settled . 
  originally alex salmond used ireland as an example of who the scottish should look up to , a country who they could be like . 
  but after the financial crashes ireland suffered so badly they had to borrow money from everyone , i think uk borrowed them 13 billion . 
  so scottish separatist propaganda switched to norway to praise . 
  i too would like to use the eu flag but i feel for the sake of commenting my country flag would be better to use . 
  anyway , this is all sounding a bit like those weird gender type to me , we should call ourselves ** eurokin **, 
  they could just put their country flag then we 'd know if they were eu or not . 
  why bother with the eu flag ? 
  if you had irish flag people would know you 're in europe and the eu . 
  i always thought people used the eu flag because they did n't want people to know where they were from specifically . 
  where in england ? 
  that really is true love . 
  it feels like a lot of countries in this area want to be scandinavian now . 
  i think it 's obvious to anyone that has even slightly studied this war by now that it was america 's intention to annex canada . 
  no true scotsman ... 
  sitcoms are in a league of their own , like them or not . 
  though you did pick two sitcoms that are n't exactly the best , even if lee mack is one of the best stand ups . 
  but is mock the week better than it crowd or father ted ? 
  mock the week is shit , the jokes are crap and there 's too much forced laughter .
