  how high in government are they ? 
  londograd , mancheschina , glasgovsky , hullgorod , yorkovsk , edinbrevsk . 
  i like it . 
  what 's funny is what will be happening in some peoples ' minds when they read headline , then read the comment above and flip their opinion . 
   i 'm worried for my generation . 
  when the `` me , me , me '' generation dies off , aka people agd 45-60 . 
  why ? 
  evil swedes, 
  kosher-halal ? 
  why ? 
  scotland was an integral part of the british empire , not a colony . 
  scotland was doing the enslaving , raping and pillaging alongside england , not as some kind of conquered nation like the irish . 
  that 's because half the world has independence from you !, 
  no way anyone in europe or a european in america would say `` as a european '' in real life . 
  how do you not ? 
  ireland . 
  yes but any half-decent terrorist would avoid that . 
  why what else has happened ? 
  happy independence day poland . 
  to celebrate i will go to the local polski sklep , of which we have a few in my village , and buy a tin of chlodnik . 
  so wait , british tv shows are dubbed but american tv shows are n't ? 
  it 's like what you said is slightly contradictory . 
  please tell me they are n't all apartments ? 
  there are places like this around manchester and they 're pretty much all new apartments . 
  it 's interesting that a lot of place names around the world actually have very basic names when you look behind the etymology . 
  ca n't speak for other countries but egypt , tunisia and morocco are very popular destinations for brits . 
  egyptian tourism has been declining slowly and this , combined with the beach shooting in tunisia , has seriously fucked up the north african tourism industry . 
  although i 'm guessing this is great for turkey 's tourism which is also very popular . 
  i 'm french and we do eat frogs raw off the ground and stink of garlic . 
  not bullshittin at all . 
  too long . 
  being the silly brit that i am , i hovered over poland expecting to see the flow from there to uk !, 
  when do we get results ? 
  nah ex pat if you 're from a good country . 
  6 options for gender . 
  are you canadian or ex pat ? 
   also the spains are very creative at reducing the numbers of unemployed by sleight of hand . 
  in the uk we put people on back-to-work schemes where they sit in a room all day and look for a job , they 're no longer classed as unemployed when on it . 
  it 's a trick to lower unemployment figures . 
  i know , i put that in the title originally but hjongoldrake deleted my post and said i was manipulating the story . 
  the weird thing is there was no polish football game in manchester today , man utd were playing cska moscow in moscow . 
  my guess is this is there must be a lot of slask wroclaw fans living in manchester . 
  ok i 'll resubmit with suggested title, 
  well to be fair i did get this theory from a dutch person who made this claim , not a proper source !, 
  `` reports suggest some of the people involved in the trouble were wearing the colours of polish club slask wroclaw , whose fans have clashed with those of sevilla recently . '', 
  they 've been fighting each other before and some were arrested , how can it be misleading ? 
  what was wrong with it ? 
  the weird thing is there was no polish football game in manchester today , man utd were playing cska moscow in moscow . 
  my guess is this is there must be a lot of slask wroclaw fans living in manchester . 
  i often think the dutch could have been what britain was if they did n't lose that one war that finished off the dutch as a naval power forever . 
  wow that 's amazing , nearly every country plays a sport that was created in england . 
  at first i thought china was the odd one out until i looked up table tennis on wiki . 
  well i do n't vote ukip but i 'm all for democracy , which they seem to be against . 
  so why do you hang around here reading everyone 's opinions on issues that do n't concern you ? 
  hate preachers , especially the type telling people to kill others , will get done in the uk . 
  it 's like you 're trying to argue it 's ok to go around telling people to kill people . 
  serious question , if someone tweeted `` kill all black people '' would you think that person should n't get done at all ? 
  what if some psycho believed her and did something ? 
  she has followers , none of which can be mentally stable . 
  if she said she was going to kill 10 men tomorrow and followed through with it i still would n't fear for my life because chances are it would n't be me . 
  you ca n't just call for people to kill other people and get away with it . 
  but then i guess this is the first time you 've heard of this woman . 
  honestly , there is more reasons than just the tweet for her getting done , she has been in the news a few times . 
  she deserves it . 
  you have to look at the case at hand and the context . 
  if it was a random person who nobody ever heard of they might get a caution . 
  this woman is on a crusade against white men , she 's gathered support , she has influence . 
  if this was a white supremacist that ran a club of racists and he tweeted `` kill all jews '' he 'd get done . 
  if it was a guy that ran a muslim group who hated all christians and tweeted '' kill all christians '' it would be the same . 
  as much as i hate this person , why is it on / r/europe ? 
   a no-platform policy against ukip what does this mean ? 
  looks like / r/europe disagrees . 
  thanks for the constructive reply . 
  i felt no reason to reply to the last guy because he 's a full on moron . 
  one big difference is that the us has been dealing with the immigration problem on its southern border for decades , i mean look at the fucking wall you have down there . 
  what 's happened in europe is quite sudden . 
  also one thing americans constantly seem to miss is that most of these people are n't syrian at all . 
  is that / s ? 
  he is the most famous scottish person i know . 
   this sub is more opposed to immigration than him . 
  totally different situations, 
  if the eu fails us in any way in the uk we tend to blame our own government for allowing them to . 
  that 's why there is always so much pressure on our government to fight for reforms . 
  we tend to look at our own government as a way to decide what happens to us via the eu . 
  british people tend to think of the eu as a thing that creates laws without any input from `` the people '' , so we see the common man as having no say in what laws are decided that affect his/her own life . 
  the only way we think we can decide what affects our own lives is by complaining to our government . 
  what 's your opinion on the non-syrians ? 
  no thanks to spain and france . 
  unless you 're a scottish nationalist , in which case everything from autism to a pot hole in the road is because of the uk government . 
  if you 've never been north you 're in for a shock . 
  that 's what the author was basing it on . 
  although i would n't exactly call scotland wildlings in real life , they 're certainly a lot less wild than the northern english !, 
  you know , my own english is worse because of the internet . 
  i spent a year playing an online game with loads of romanians ( something to do with them all having the internet ) . 
  i came away with a lower iq . 
  for europeans i think america was the biggest driving force to make english the only language in the world worth learning these days . 
  for most of the world though it was the british empire i 'm sorry to say . 
  i know it can be hard to come to terms with , i genuinely believe the eu should set up a helpline for bitter people who hate the english language . 
  it was , just that somewhere my experience a bubble . 
  bristol is known to be quite nice , but have you ever been to places like middlesbrough ?
