  good , the germans are happy to accept them . 
  lucky for poland . 
  where can i read that ? 
  we should be giving money to countries bordering syria so they can make large reugee camps with good living conditions . 
  not too much , people do want to help refugees , but in the uk most people are pissed off at the idea they want to live in certain countries , but too good for others . 
  it 's also well known she hated thatcher . 
  oh so that 's why he 's the go-to answer in every quiz about `` which french monarch ... '', 
  she is n't even bothered by it . 
  she 's actually spending the day in the scottish borders because it was the only county in the uk without a train station , but they just built one and she 's doing the train journey on a steam train . 
   i thought germans were smart !, 
  i think that opinion is quickly diminishing . 
  it was made public for a reason , to show recruiting a brit is recruiting a liability . 
  reason i posted is because it 's live news and is being updated as we speak . 
  i 'll be honest , i thought they 'd have written a lot more by now . 
  edit : they have updated it . 
  exactly . 
  it makes me laugh how joe public are like `` hey why was n't i informed about this first ? '', 
  it 's to stop isis taking on more brits into its ranks . 
  it 's not just about those killed , fuck them , it 's bigger than that . 
  there is good reason for this . 
  they need to be made an example of , they need isis to see british militants as a liability , rather than a great propaganda tool . 
  if you have a british person within your ranks in isis you are now a big fucking target , and * you will be killed * . 
  hopefully this will make top isis commanders reconsider british , and hopefully european , soldiers into their armies . 
  fuck this shit lets get out . 
  fucking great idea . 
  they should be in temporary accommodation in a nearby country until the war is over , then they can return home and rebuild their country . 
  look at the last century , plenty of countries have been in tatters during war time and have since built themselves back up to a good country . 
  germany is a good example of that . 
  it 's hard to sympathise . 
  so why did they want to pass through hungary ? 
  most british people know the guardian is just another bullshitting newspaper that gets away with it because of their left-wing views . 
  it 's sad to see so many people around the world reading the grauniad these days . 
  eli5 why do so many syrians not want to stay in these countries and move on to germany ? 
  where is the snow ? 
  no , i understand that there are problems there , but people work all year and want a break for a week once a year . 
  why part with your money to have a depressing holiday ? 
  might sound selfish , but you do n't see people holidaying in the poorest countries in the world . 
  it 's like people are acting like it 's selfish to want to enjoy yourself on holiday . 
  exactly . 
  if you 've worked your arse off all year and want to spend a week relaxing on holiday then do your research before you go somewhere . 
  i avoided greece this year , i suggest everyone else does the same until things get better . 
  go to spain instead . 
   but hey keep your deluded views , everyone wants to come to uk !!, 
  i 'm discounting your whole argument as a lie seeing as though you are typing out of deep anger , rather than contributing to our discussion , hence your nonsensical last comment . 
  you are lying , they do move around , what you are saying is wrong . 
  maybe you should stop trying to manipulate people , you do n't even like europe at all . 
  i really wish i put more effort into my comment , but i was making very basic observations . 
  i still stand by it , by the way . 
  but i do not deny the effort italy has put in , and the constant struggle places like italy and greece , even more so turkey put in . 
  i 'd blame the dumb fucking northern european governments if i was you , especially shitty fucking sweden . 
  but are they staying or passing through ? 
  so turkey , italy and hungary are just areas they 're passing through . 
  germany takes the overwhelming majority , but wtf is going on with sweden ? 
  also , a lot of those in france will be going well to the uk , or trying to . 
  so i 'd put it as germany , sweden , france , then uk . 
  bronze age collapse is interesting , it affected all of greece , anatolia and right down to egypt . 
  personally i reckon it was to do with invasions from people outside these areas , maybe even a germanic one . 
  practically every city in greece was destroyed . 
  yeah my reaction would be to start picking up the bottles first . 
  do n't you gee a water bill ? 
  people vote on the policies and ideas of the party and president they like the most , you are n't meant to change just like that . 
  would n't that put this temple * before * even the mycenaean greeks were around ? 
  or at least the very beginning . 
  for those who do n't know , this was found near sparta but was long before anything we 'd call the `` spartans '' , more than 1200 years before the events in 300 . 
  sorry , every 3 months then . 
  why ? 
  where is everyone going ? 
  it 's the hypocrisy of it all though , and your reply is a typical reply by someone who supports something but does n't really understand why . 
  that 's like a whole new bonn or munster every single month , go germany !, 
  i 'm confused , what are you trying to say ? 
  migrant workers do n't work 70 hrs a week for less than minimum wage because they are tough bastards who know the true meaning of work , they do it because they are desperate and have no choice . 
  funny thing is , you probably vote for a left-wing party but are so blinded by leftie ideas you actually support this exploitation . 
  it 's funny because they are actually supporting capitalism in one of its most extreme forms , the use of illegal immigrants to pay them far less than they deserve , pushing out the local people from employment . 
  but the left are so into the immigration thing they support the idea of an immigrant being paid half minimum wage . 
  i 'm thinking more about manual labourer type jobs . 
  sure , not much education is needed but not everyone can be a labourer , not even half the population . 
  they work their arses off and do n't get paid nearly as much as they should . 
  it 's the companies being greedy who are at fault here . 
  it 's one of life 's mysteries why hard lefties like yourself support capitalists in the worst area . 
  if only they could work in every sector so every idiot that says what you said could experience it . 
  jeremy corbyn is all for mass immigration . 
   the netherlands needs to enact policies to create jobs you think this would n't already be done if it was possible ? 
  create jobs ? 
  what universe are you in ? 
  in the uk first generation are usually fine , their kids born in uk seem to be in gangs and want to be drug dealers . 
  it 's odd but where i live i chat to turks all the time in my local shop and my barber , but the lads around 18-25 yrs old are a different story . 
   watching the originals on the beeb and the french versions , ... not the same show . 
   especially death in paradise . 
  would you say your language or the english version is better ? 
  i 'm saying that if the bbc mention one slightly negative thing , no matter how little , will be attacked like mad . 
  it 's not just about how many people can spread out across a field lol . 
  this is tragic . 
  i bet it has something to do with the rotherham paedophile muslim gang , but attacking a completely innocent man for this just makes them as bad . 
  we already do . 
  anyone living in a uk city has seen their local area transform massively in the last ten years . 
  every single spot of land is being bought in cities and replaced with flats . 
  houses are a different matter . 
  you look like one of these random reddit indian nationalists that blames a cow shitting on the street as european imperialism . 
  you provided a silly statement with no solution . 
  wow , is it that bad there ?
