  people move to the same countries and the same damn cities . 
  stop fucking invading the uk , we ca n't help the whole fucking world . 
  everyone hates us , like america , but everyone wants to fucking move here . 
   plenty of greeks here who would be sympathetic to hiring someone from back home . 
  that 's a real fucking problem in the uk actually . 
  where you moving to ? 
  but they just go to the best places like uk or germany and putting a strain on those places . 
  heard they have top speed internet in poor villages with no running water . 
  wait a minute , people from all over the eastern half of europe are either waiting for their life to start or leaving . 
  did you feel like you were going to fall off the earth ? 
  i did by looking at that . 
  i was talking about cows not being part of the ecosystem . 
  you did it again , totally irrelevant , you are just coming up with shite . 
  it 's nothing like fish , nothing at all . 
  one is part of an ecosystem one is n't . 
  you 're just arguing for the sake of it . 
  you are missing the point , it 's completely and entirely different to breeding cows for food . 
  hunting and husbandry are two different things . 
  they definitely went for that theme though , it 's brighton !, 
  that makes it the king of the eurozone though . 
  ffs modern stuff is so shit . 
  they could have built anything and they did that . 
  what the under the cobblestones one about ? 
  have n't read it . 
  so these whales are bred for the purpose of being killed for food ? 
  that seems fine to me , but i reckon this is n't the case and you 've missed the point . 
  it 's not the king of the eurozone ? 
  til mongolia has a growing neo-nazi following . 
  i do n't mean immigration has peaked . 
  i 'm talking specifically about the issue at the tunnel and people being pissed off about it . 
  it 's all bits of drib and drab shit attempted by idiots who are better described as chavs than any real political and properly structured terrorist organisation . 
  drug dealers and gangs who would be operating in the same scumbag way whether there was a `` cause '' or not . 
  are n't they mad at his opinion , regardless of who asked though ? 
   now you ca n't watch house of cards on german netflix that 's the oddest thing ever . 
  i 've just started watching it in the uk , on episode 3 . 
  you 're really missing out , man . 
  why do you keep mentioning it being public owned ? 
  what 's the problem ? 
  do you hate that it is public owned ? 
   irish like what !? 
  what has happened in recent years ? 
  because i live in an area that is around 50 % muslim and i do have many friends . 
  i know for a fact they would n't mind , they would n't fight against it , but then they would n't fight for it either . 
  imagine you live in a country somewhere in asia and there were many people from your country in your community . 
  would you care if your surroundings were becoming more and more influenced by life back home ? 
  what if the native locals did n't like it ? 
  at best you would ignore it all , but you would n't be against it . 
  war is peace . 
  fucking hell guys , someone did n't read 1984 . 
  true , but the uk gov can put pressure on the french . 
  they clearly work together on this subject . 
  also a uk gov can provide funding , which i think they do to some extent , to help with the cost of dealing with this . 
  i 'm sure i 've seen a story somewhere that they might be putting british police there . 
  a left wing party like the greens will flat out ignore the issue , whereas the opposite end of the spectrum ukip would probably make it a priority issue . 
  still ? 
  i know 10 years ago you had to fill out special forms if you had relatives in northern ireland , but they stopped it now . 
  no , but they would n't mind it . 
  believe me . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  that shit is over and done with . 
  shall we not take in germans because of the world wars ? 
  lets ban scandinavians for conquering us in the 10th century . 
  what does it say ? 
  language and they 're often sold the idea of a utopia britain by traffickers . 
  it 's already peaked i think . 
  you have all the people voting ukip , but i ca n't see them gathering much more support . 
  there are too many other issues going on and this one issue is n't big enough . 
  they 're just the worst examples though . 
  english nationalists do n't think this at all , the general opinion in england is that they 're french . 
  seems like you 're the nationalist here , typing bullshit and typing it in french first , hmm ? 
  100 years of settlement does n't make them french . 
  speaking french does n't make them french either , just like nigerians in nigeria speaking english does n't make them english . 
  the normans , however , * were * mixed by the time they invaded england , but not to the scale you think , not 100 % french . 
  there are places at this time in england that had separate populations of vikings , celts and anglo-saxons , all living in the same cities , and for much longer than the normans were in france . 
  yeah , whole regions like dagestan with around 2 and a half million people are mostly muslim . 
  i 'm surprised these places are still part of russia . 
  what 's with the lack of interest in ttip ? 
  i mean there are lots of people complaining about it , but clearly not enough . 
  i 've seen posts about it and yet they never get upvoted that much . 
  i meant the last bits of his comment . 
  `` and they 're all coming here '', 
  probably because on the popularity of the bbc , guardian and daily mail . 
  problems with albanian mafia ? 
  why do n't you lot do something about it ? 
  i put that down to eu migrants having a massive advantage over say , a refugee . 
  i worked at a place in england that had a polish run agency and they would recruit people from poland before they arrived . 
  whereas say someone fleeing a warzone like iraq does n't have the same connections . 
  have you got a source ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested in it . 
  wow english media talking about england , how strange . 
  damnit , i was about to comment how i 'm happy our slang is spread throughout europe . 
   like kids from the south go north and kids from the north go south . 
  great idea , i head south from england to spain or portugal !, 
  though i doubt the balkan states will be happy going to the baltic states and vice versa . 
  if we agree with it hen it 's not propaganda , or so that 's how people work . 
  guardian gets away with a load of shit . 
  i 'm british and i think it 's ridiculous to think of russians as anything but european . 
  look at where they originated . 
  i often think this . 
  it 's purely a cultural thing .
