  as this is a uk bashing sub it has 1600 upvotes . 
  i 'm guessing you live in south east england , your views are n't representative of the country . 
  when i worked in factories and warehouses the polish were no different to anyone else , they did n't work harder and were paid the same . 
  also many of the eastern europeans i 've worked with consider the polish lazier than themselves . 
  i 've worked with polish people who hated working in factories and could n't wait to get the hell out . 
  they tend to stay though because they 're stuck in that job temporarily , a brit is more likely to have the means to find a better place to work . 
  there is a growing polish population in my town and there has never been anything to indicate that they are better workers than the brits . 
  but again , i have a feeling you live in southern england , it is different in other areas of the country , especially northern england . 
  i guarantee if britain ended up in a war somewhere ukraine would n't give a fuck . 
  of all the people i know that have been to poland none of them have been to the concentration camps . 
  it 's all warsaw and krakow . 
  also because when the news is slow our media look for something interesting going on in america . 
  yes , they 're descended from immigrants from places like jamaica who moved over in the 50 's and 60 's , obvious places to move to were london and manchester where there was jobs . 
  are swedish girls generally nice to talk to ? 
  do we ? 
  i thought that was just a posh socialist . 
  when they leave uni and get a job through daddy 's connections the world is suddenly fine and poor people are lazy . 
  [ you might find this interesting ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate_by_decade ) . 
  look at northern ireland in the 70 's . 
  they 're still in thy group whether they cry about it or not . 
  he did nothing wrong , it 's just western propaganda !, 
  well you would say that . 
  snp has to remain more centre to appeal to a larger portion of the population , so they can win a referendum in the future . 
  that 's not to say they are n't nationalist , of course they 're fucking nationalist , how can you think they are not ? 
  look up the definition of nationalism then come back . 
  a lot of remain voters in scotland do not like the eu , they just did it to get a second referendum . 
  are you seriously suggesting a large chunk of snp voters and nationalist ? 
  you should come to scotland mate , fucking hell this sub is deluded . 
  scottish people that voted no in the referendum wanted the status quo , the yes voters voted to remain in the hope that scotland votes differently to england so they can get a second referendum . 
  why is this so hard for reddit to understand ? 
  lmao . 
  it 's basically eu nationalism , like all nationalism , they 're going to be stupid . 
  but the guys argument about the village/town is a very real problem . 
  having a new factory built nearby an area with high unemployment is a god send . 
  seeing 6 eastern europeans bunk up in the flat next door and work at the factory and being told by someone like you it 's `` fair '' is one of the biggest , if not the biggest , reason many people wanted to vote for leave . 
  damn your argument sucked here . 
  as a remain voter , i literally blame people like you for the reason we voted to leave . 
  you think the whole population of the world should all move to where the jobs are ? 
  you think that is even possible ? 
  what labour laws are causing problems ? 
  what you get from that is a very biased view , you 've almost manipulated what he said , then got upvoted by like-minded people . 
  i think this guy just hates britain . 
  i 've seen some of his other posts . 
  how long before these acts of `` show them they did n't win '' get old ? 
  are the dutch offended when people call the country holland instead of netherlands , especially those outside holland ? 
  if you try real brit food it 's actually quite healthy . 
  i can only speak for britain here . 
  but we owe our young people at least a job when they find themselves leaving school and wondering what to do . 
  if a young person applies for many jobs and is rejected because of `` lack of experience '' in very low-skilled work then sees lots of foreign workers in that warehouse , then they get bitter . 
  whether this is right or wrong is irrelevant , but from my observations it is by far the biggest reason people do n't like immigration in the uk . 
  interestingly , you said construction is no longer appealing to slovaks . 
  this has never been the case in the uk , there are many , many british people who would do labouring , factory , warehouse work etc. 
  honestly , the only area of work i can think of where i do n't see many brits going to is farm work , of which i have never seen a job advertisement for farm work in my life . 
  there are a * lot * of irish in the uk . 
  they are n't see as `` foreign '' . 
  where i 'm from originally practically everyone either had irish parents or grandparents . 
  i asked an snp voter about this today . 
  he said there is n't the money for schools because england is taking the oil money . 
  basically any issue will always fall back on this one statement every time . 
  as a brit i was always confused by this . 
  i wonder what misconceptions the world has about the dutch , germans or others ? 
  invade then wait it out on the beach ? 
  when did he use those words ? 
  what 's the reasoning behind it ? 
  i 'm not defending leave voters reasons for wanting to leave , i just think this is one issue i do n't buy into it at all . 
  they do n't care . 
  i 've never met a leave voter , ever , that is really wanting a domino effect of countries leaving the eu . 
  this post is yet another straw-man circle-jerk we are seeing more frequently on reddit . 
  i swear , sometimes i wonder if universal suffrage was a good idea . 
  people really are this fucking dumb when it comes to politics . 
  no on cares about what they say . 
  honestly , leave voters literally do n't care . 
  honestly brits that voted to leave do n't care what other europeans do . 
  stop the circle jerk nationalism . 
  ah right i 'll look later i made that message at about 5am, 
  what a joke . 
  may is nothing like trump either , not even close . 
  stop acting like the dumb fuck nationalists you profess to hate . 
  nah i 've not been to the us, 
  yeah you hit the nail on the head here . 
  may is n't comparable to pen . 
  yeh i 'm not sure i get this response but they 're arse holes too . 
  talk about generalising 375 million people . 
  many of us in england and us wanted macron to win . 
  never even considered bosnia as a tourist destination . 
  it 's mostly from british , germans and others going on a typical holiday to spain for a week or two . 
  whereas i 've never known anyone to go to france for more than a week . 
  france does n't really have a benidorm for example . 
   that guy who would wear the same trainers everyday for a year . 
  errrrr ... 
  wales is the kid that does n't say much but often smiles . 
  they 're always in school , never wag it , they are n't that great academically , but they are n't that bad either . 
  he sometimes speaks in his native language just to make the others culturally jealous . 
  scotland is always trying to be the alpha male of the class , but they just do n't have the muscles . 
  also most of the girls are n't really attracted to him . 
  can beast through the exams , but when he does n't do well it 's because the teacher failed them on purpose . 
  the other classmates wonder where he gets his energy from as he always looks ill . northern ireland is that kid that is always naughty . 
  you know they are n't naughty because they think it 's cool , but because there 's some serious issues behind the scenes back home . 
  he 's often sent out of class for swearing at the teacher . 
  england does well in pretty much all subjects , including sports , but people suspect this kid of being a secret alcoholic , which might sometimes explain his irrational behaviour .
