  this makes me want to cry . 
   fine gael are down to 24 % with the previous government of fianna f\u00e1il hot on their tail on 23 wow that 's some insane percentages . 
   go to the selfish state of u selfish ? 
  split turkey in half . 
  the guardian would be the best newspaper if they did n't have all the slimey shit and nonsense it seems to support in its pages . 
  this is a very good point . 
  they are n't trying to sabotage anything , and it 's a good thing they are asking the tough questions . 
  i know i 've basically just repeated what you said , but i have n't really thought about it before . 
  they are meant to have a hard time , they 're creating the european union , it 's not something that can be done half-arsed . 
  i 'm wondering what you mean about a lot of detail not being focused on in british schools . 
  what are you talking about specifically ? 
  these landlords are scumbags . 
  they rent out rooms to 5 people , they rent out an attic and call it a flat , the places are shit holes and falling to pieces . 
  that 's why they target desperate illegal immigrants , it 's exploitation and they should have been made examples of instead of given prior warning . 
  travel around it , that 's how i learned to be proud of it . 
  it was quite horrible , it was fucking terrible for the no voters . 
   probably recognising there 's a difference between nationalism that says we 're better than everyone else and nationalism that says we 're just as good as anyone else . 
  oh man , you was n't in scotland during the referendum then . 
  a massive amount of it was about being better than everyone else , no , not just as good , but better . 
  shit , you would n't believe some of the stuff i heard . 
   there 's a lot of detail not , er , focused on , in british schools . 
  what do you mean exactly ? 
  we have a pretty good overview of it all . 
  i 'm british , you are spanish , we can both be unproud of benidorm . 
  is brittany weather like britain ? 
  it goes a bit further than that . 
  as someone in western europe i ca n't fucking wait for eastern europe to catch up . 
   they see football yobs and the edl waving the english flag but people blow that way out of proportion because a lot of the ` left ' need to feel like they 're in a battle against ` something ' . 
  i 'm convinced i made ievan polkka viral about 8 years ago . 
   the anglo-saxons immigrated from germany . 
  and denmark and netherlands and various other places . 
  english is heavily derived from frisian . 
  i 'd say the danes had the biggest influence consider they did it again a few hundred years later under the name of vikings . 
  also people from the basque region . 
  what 's this about bacon in us , i 've heard it before . 
  how ca n't you get normal bacon ? 
  i think you hit the nail on the head . 
  this would make me lose all respect for the police . 
  godless isles would be better , traitor is blowing it way out of proportion and someone who made this map has a chip on their shoulder . 
  kick his fukin ed in, 
  firstly , each of those wars you mentioned are all different situations , though i agree about iraq . 
  secondly , `` if one day you do n't follow the usa in one of their war , they will do worst to you '' ... erm ... syria ? 
  smaller countries already cut back as much as possible on their military , a lot understand if in the unlikely chance they are attacked , the large countries like uk , germany , france etc would come to their aid . 
  so they just save money . 
  why did you ignore the rest of what i put ? 
  even in the highlands it 's barely spoken , stop pretending it is . 
  you should have included many more languages if you included that . 
  why do so many people come to fucking britain ? 
  i have friends who live in cities and have been looking for work for months now . 
  how does someone come here and get a job in a coffee shop or hotel ? 
  and do n't give me that shit about them picking tea leaves better . 
  haha , this pisses me off too . 
  actually , most new sinks have just one tap these days , i think it was something to do with the sources for each types of water . 
  yeah but barely . 
  there 's hundreds of other languages that can be added to the map if they were to include gaelic , maybe even thousands . 
  i fucking love the economist . 
  wish i could afford it more often . 
  snp literally do not care about any consequences at all , they just go for a popular opinion , it 's so fucking amateur it 's embarrassing but people vote for them in scotland because there 's no real alternative . 
  just wanted to add that uk 's institutions have been around for a very long time . 
  uk prefers to build on what they already have and improve it , rather than scrap it totally and start from new . 
  that 's how the british work when it comes to stuff like this and it will never change , because it has worked for them for a long time . 
  what the fuck i live in scotland and we call it `` tea '' just like england and wales and ireland . 
  how much of the rest of this map is bullshit ? 
  check you defending the spaniards . 
  `` men who still use hair gel '' that 's actually really funny . 
  it 's funny you say that , frisian is the closest language to english . 
  there was an experiment on tv where eddie izzard spoke old english to a frisian farmer an he could understand what he was saying . 
  a subjugated state !, 
  you have n't spent much time * anywhere * if you do n't think edinburgh is posh . 
  come on mate , get with the game . 
  hahaha . 
  i 'm glad there 's some humour in this thread . 
  i guess you also get it with yorkshire . 
  but fucking hell mate if you have n't heard it about scots . 
  it makes sense in a lot of cases . 
  i bet if it was a little old lady or someone panicking about it the police would turn up without a doubt . 
  when it 's just normal people who understand what 's happened then they turn up they basically just end up chatting for ages drinking tea , `` yeah , yeah it 's getting worse is n't it ? '', 
  type conversation that waste time . 
  neither do lots of spanish it seems . 
  i 'm in manchester , england and there 's thousands of spanish here . 
  the older people in politics who have lots of memories from that time i guess . 
  so it 's basically someone else who comes round and records what happened ? 
  or does nobody turn up at all ? 
  yeah , i read your comment so deleted my post and replaced it with my favourite scotsman joke . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  how was the grand canyon formed ? 
  a scotsman lost # 5 down a rabbit hole . 
  generous in manner , not with money . 
  i moved up here from england , there 's definitely a more tight fisted culture , albeit exaggerated . 
  that 's the same in england , the north vs south jokes also many jokes about the city people are from such as scousers . 
  i reckon we have ireland because of all the `` an englishman , scotsman and irishman walk into a bar '' . 
  that does n't answer why it 's hungarians making those jokes , wtf !, 
  seems like everyone in europe who comes to the uk has connections setup for jobs before they get here , it kinda sucks for people in the uk . 
  no , you are missing my point . 
  you said a greek person would hire another greek person in another country . 
  this is a big problem in the uk , but not necessarily with greeks , more with poles etc. 
  it is unfair on the local population , especially young people , they have been denied the opportunity of a job in their own country because a foreigner has a preference to his/her own kin . 
  hehe . 
  i just realise why there are so many romanians on here and also on browser games online . 
  but people pretend people move around all over when they do n't , it 's a lie .
