  if anyone ever wondered what the north/south divide is about in england here 's your answer !, 
  best way to think of england is game of thrones . 
  the north is like winterfell and the south kings landing . 
  you 're asking the wrong person , i 'm in scotland lol . 
  well 600 euro a month is n't bad at all . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like people earning loooaaads of money working around the arctic . 
  maybe it 's good if you 're young and can waste a few years saving . 
  but you ca n't do shit . 
  a week or month ? 
  i do n't even know about this . 
  so basically the police can say `` you 're a fucking idiot '' and you can get done ? 
  i doubt it . 
  it would obviously be the actual uni who decides . 
  you forget there is a little thing called nepotism . 
  i knew some really , really stupid people at university who are doing very well for themselves now and every single one of them through family and friends connections . 
  never really thought about this but is it hard to remember all country names in english , if english is n't your first language ? 
  it 's not like you use most of them in every day language . 
  also , never knew countries called it allemagne/alemania etc. 
  i 'm guessing that 's from the old alemanni tribe that used to fight the romans . 
  corbyn does n't represent the vast majority of labour voters . 
  although it seems like he was n't really thinking about lithuania . 
  it all seems a bit misleading now , and this is coming from someone who really does n't like him . 
  there was hype around him when he was gaining followers during his campaigning to become labour leader . 
  a lot of hard-left people joined the party , most labour voters did n't join the party . 
  all the hard-left that joined do not represent the population . 
  britain has and always has been against far-left and far-right ( look at the rise of fascism and communism across europe 80-90 years ago ) . 
  he has no chance , people wo n't vote labour that usually do . 
  i actually ca n't find where he said anything bad about lithuania joining , have you got a link ? 
  i 'd reckon most people in western europe would n't think this , but if did it ourselves they would !, 
  we do n't need his opinion damnit , now all the yanks are going to think everyone that is against the current system of immigration and settlement is a `` republican '' . 
  the title made me think that corbyn was saying lithuania is safer with nato . 
  i was just thinking , apart from germany who would actually want this ? 
  romania ? 
  seriously !?? 
  has anyone called your country evil yet because of this ? 
  he has done enough talking now with his own mouth for people to make a decision on him . 
  honestly he has absolutely no chance . 
  he got in because of all the leftie hype and people joining the labour party , but they do n't represent the population . 
  `` today we learned that our recent economic past and the almost-present were n't quite as painful as we thought . 
  but what does that mean for our future prosperity ? '', 
  try and tell that to all the people that were 17 years old when the recession hit who are now nearly 30 and still living at home with their parents . 
  this comment just made me totally disregard everything else you 've said as nonsense anti-brit shite . 
  fuck the euro and fuck your schengen area . 
  but long live eu !, 
   it 's funny how no one cares about it , until someone digs up a treasure , then everyone suddenly `` remembers '' about something they lost . 
  this is so true . 
  i 'm sorry but this flat is not the house i expected . 
  here are my demands ... 
  he wants to reopen the fucking coal mines , reopen the fucking coal mines !!!!, 
  the guy is bonkers . 
  old working class people say they 'd vote for him ... if it was the 60 's . 
  there 's a real problem in the uk with this , more so with england rather than the other countries . 
  politicians have acknowledged it and talk about a `` northern powerhouse '' around manchester . 
  many countries like germany or us do n't focus just on one city like we do in england . 
  it 's a very outdated system we have from the empire , where london was the centre of that empire . 
  there 's no reason for everything to be in london , but so many of our politicians live there they often forget about places like newcastle . 
  there 's no excuse for students having to leave their own city of 2 million people to find work in london because that 's where the work is . 
  it 's only just recently that companies are realising london is getting bloated , house prices are fucked and the place is just too expensive . 
  so there is hope for the rest of england . 
  honestly i think much of what you said is n't really relevant in todays world . 
  i 'm thinking of the present , as in now , today , and many dutch people i know do not nearly have a positive view of germany as you say . 
  also , the general public do n't really care about the past as much as you 'd like to think . 
  what 's that ? 
  ca n't find a pub with it on in england , anyway , off to watch man united , let the small anglo countries think they 're great at something . 
  but scotland is uk . 
  you know a lot of that `` oppression '' was done by scottish soldiers just as much welsh and english ? 
  your comment had my irish friend laughing out loud . 
  but scotland voted no and you do n't support the views of the no voters . 
  yeah but the funny thing is in pakistan they are n't thought of as pakistanis whatsoever . 
  i think that these groups of chavs will target almost anyone , it 's just that when they target someone who is polish , they will also be using insults directed at the fact that they 're polish . 
  so for example , if it was a british person walking down the road these thugs would have attacked that person and called them a `` cunt '' . 
  if the person also happened to be polish they would have attacked that person and called them a `` polish cunt '' . 
  no , not at all . 
  if someone 's parents are from pakistan but their child has a british asian accent then nobody thinks of that person as an immigrant , even the racists . 
  it is absolutely about idiots thinking they won some kind of revolution and now this behaviour is acceptable . 
  honestly , it really was n't xenophobia . 
  that 's just used by people to push an agenda . 
  and they all look like english people as i live on scotland and all this bores me, 
  where did all you portuguese suddenly come from talking sense ? 
  i live in scotland too . 
  i just do n't think we have the same issues up here as we do in the poorer parts of england . 
  like , it 's not even the same world . 
  people just want a society where if they go to work they do n't want to feel poor as fuck . 
  at the moment i work part time and get by , but i live in a tiny little town . 
  back when i lived in a city of a few million people i dread to think what my life would be like now , it 's unimaginable . 
  the cities fucking suck if you 're poor and there 's no way out of it . 
  every country would have to agree on action . 
  if they could n't then smaller countries would just be sending out troops because a big country or two said that 's what they 're going to do . 
  you need to read up on oil in 2016 . 
  this sub is full of deluded nutters . 
  it 's just that everybody in their 20 's is still waiting for that moment where they can see a future in their career so they wo n't be poor as fuck when they have kids . 
  but it 's illegal . 
  the contract is void . 
   a unified approach , a unified policy and stratagey . 
  you really think that would happen ? 
  really ? 
  it is relevant because it correlates with the increase of police and military killings in the same area . 
  this sub is a fucking joke though to be fair . 
  if it happened anywhere else it would have maybe 100 upvotes max .
