  ah ok , you are a turkish `` secular '' ? 
  i 'm not sure what that means . 
  i assumed it was easy as every single village in the uk now has a turkish barbers !, 
  i gave up on sweden a while ago now . 
  i reckon every refugee that enters europe , whether from the middle east or africa , should be transported straight to sweden . 
  the thing is , most swede 's would be too scared to disagree with this opinion , they 've lost the plot . 
  i live in the uk and we have many , many foreign doctors here . 
  but many countries are more than happy to take on someone with such a skilled profession . 
  what makes it so hard for a turkish citizen to change country just for work when there are thousands of turkish people moving to my country every year ? 
  would this doctor be able to work as a doctor in turkey once he gets out of prison ? 
  also , could a sacked doctor in turkey not just move to another country and carry on his profession there ? 
  this is what baffles me so much about turkey . 
  so many turkish people seem to be level-headed decent people , there are also a lot of turks on reddit . 
  usually when a country has a half-mad leader you do n't hear much from the people that live there , you do n't really see them on reddit and they seem `` different '' . 
  not the case with turkey , i mean this is a joke about golum from lotr !!, 
  so wtf is going on with your country and how does this shit even happen ? 
  same with europeans attitude to the uk . 
  damned if we do , damned if we do n't , on almost every issue . 
  well it is the way people feel about it , we can agree on that . 
  there is more than enough footage of the coast of turkey on the news showing us turkey are doing fuckall to stop them . 
  but they hate the kurds . 
  because us seem to be trying to take a backseat , or not doing nearly enough . 
  it 's a word that was used mostly to describe racism and stuff , now used tactically in articles as a way to attack something . 
  getting sick of this liberal use of `` discrimination '' . 
  did n't some protester climb the colosseum ? 
  i wondered why you laughed so i looked it up . 
  highest point in finland - 1324 metres high , highest point in the uk - 1344 metres high . 
  hey we both do n't have mountains !, 
  is it safe to go walking in the mountains and stuff in finland without a weapon ? 
  you turned a story about turkey shooting down a russian plane into a rant about europeans . 
  it 's * always * in the news that teachers are teaching extremism . 
  it 's ok , you could probably burn eu flags and nobody would care . 
  we ca n't fart in the direction of europe without there being an outrage and a bunch of french and germans crying for us to leave . 
  that 's not so stupid , if you have ever known people to join the army as a teenager and how it can save people . 
  i know people who are now decent members of society who otherwise would 've ended up in prison . 
  joining isis is not the same . 
  please , let 's not act like guardian readers here . 
  the 2000 's called , they want their soft-touch approach back . 
  this is what i think too . 
  people are saying `` young and stupid '' as though it 's on par with riding a motorbike without a helmet . 
  oddly i also thought of the same analogy . 
  in conclusion i think our minds might be connected in some way . 
  yes that does happen , i mean look at isis , they hate westerners and our culture yet half the stuff they use was invented there . 
  i think a big problem is they can be very arrogant about their culture , they do think they 're better than europeans . 
  it 's probably the same for them all , i can think of much better christmas markets in the uk other than london . 
  [ christmas markets ] ( http://www.creativetourist.com/cms/wp-content/uploads/2014/11/manchester-xmas-markets.jpg ) in manchester , uk . 
  although it 's bigger than that this is just the part around the town hall . 
  it 's ok they were hit hard by the recession and the irish know they 're living in a bubble about to pop . 
  i did something similar once , be careful it really does catch up with you . 
  what are all those ignored deaths in the 90 's from ? 
  london was barely affected by the recession , the rest of england was . 
  the uk has been very good at manipulating statistics for years , we have a massive chunk of our able-to-work population working for free , forced to by the government , then classed as `` employed '' . 
  conservatives , wtf ? 
  you do n't remember the late 90 's and 2000 's ? 
  i ' v met more than enough eastern europeans in the uk that have gone back because the place they lived in was a shit hole . 
  i used to live in a `` poor '' area and the people i worked with hated it , the polish especially were always keen to point out how it was so much better back home . 
  then i moved to a different part of the uk and it was a hundred times better and all the eastern europeans i 've met here love it . 
  i think you have a skewed vision of the uk , but then most people in eastern europe seem to , western europeans hate most of our towns and cities . 
  you could say that about any country though and with any statistics . 
  alcohol consumption statistics are always laughable for england , london drinks * by far * the least amount of alcohol so if you took them out of england it would shoot up . 
  then you could split the country between north and south ( which is a real cultural split ) and the north would be even higher . 
  it 's the same for education , health , life expectancy , you name it . 
  what these stats are good for is showing what the country should be doing as a whole , that the government has big problems that it needs to focus on . 
  if flanders is so good , then that means it 's a higher percentage elsewhere . 
  strangely , this map makes so much sense . 
  though did n't realise italy was so densely populated . 
  we do teach them english , i 've been in a room full of people learning it . 
  however , i do n't know the circumstances in which they arrived here . 
   so this rule would only apply to immigrants but not people born there ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  it 's not like people are born in the uk and never learn english , at least not for many decades . 
  there 's probably a handful of very old people left in the uk that are born here and ca n't speak english , if any . 
  why is there so many call centres based in ireland for uk companies ? 
  from what i 've seen most brits living in spain can speak some spanish , or are learning to . 
  besides , most brits that decide to live in spain are rich and do n't often interrupt your daily lives , like bus drivers that ca n't speak english here . 
  hr have nothing to do with most jobs , especially the type of jobs someone who ca n't speak english end up doing . 
  i worked with some people who could n't speak english , it was quite difficult . 
  i mean , how do you find this stuff like the tweet and the image ? 
  what do you use for sources ? 
  from reading that quote all i have got from it is he wanted to say something against the government , he 's the opposition , so just wanted to say something to go against what happened , like downplaying a victory for the sake of it . 
  not really worth bothering about . 
  if he was on the run in another country , like he was in turkey hiding , fair enough track him down and put him on trial . 
  however , he was * actively fighting * in iraq with isis . 
  what on earth were they meant to do ? 
  do a trial then bomb him ? 
  he needed to be killed before he could do more harm , he was personally killing british people , he was a propaganda tool for isis . 
  i 'm just baffled by some people , especially corbyn , it 's like they do n't understand what a war is . 
  not recognising the legitimacy of islamic state has nothing to do with it , if that was the case why kill * anyone * in isis because it 's not `` recognised '' ? 
  why are the comments in the turkey thread so bad , almost as if no one cares ? 
  how are you posting if it 's blocked ? 
  not joking , serious q. ... 
  h 's actively fighting with isis , he 's in a fucking war , we are involved in that war , he got killed in a war . 
  corbyn is a fucking idiot . 
  i have personally spoken to older people who completely agree with this sentiment , so i do n't longer think of it as my own theory but as fact . 
  they did n't fuck up the economy then force everyone else to suffer so they could keep that house they ca n't afford and two cars on the driveway . 
  hull , i do n't know why i added that one it 's a very small city . 
  they did n't fuck up the economy then force everyone else to suffer so they could keep that house they ca n't afford and two cars on the driveway . 
  well when a millennial is seen as spoilt because they think they should have a job you know something is wrong with society . 
  you know , those spoilt millennials forced to `` volunteer '' in a shelf-stacking job at poundland ? 
  oh fuck really , that 's bad , that 's actually really bad .
