  a lot of countries just want to move forward , but then they do stupid things that reminds the rest of europe they 're still backward . 
  split your country in half and we will do . 
  it was a totally different world . 
  when i first came to scotland i asked what was so different between a full scottish breakfast compared to a full english . 
  i was told `` the sausages are square '' , i could n't stop laughing about that for weeks . 
  munchy box !, 
  i reckon it 's to do with waste in factories and supermarkets , food that does n't even make it into the home . 
  to be honest the article looks dodgy . 
  need to leave some room for beer . 
  how could they mix up italians and brits ? 
  when i was a little kid in the 90 's my mum asked me where i wanted to go on holiday , i said bosnia . 
  coming from the uk i do n't know if that 's funny or really sad . 
  [ russians are doing the filming , fighting unseen ukrainians ] ( http://videochart.net/video/97064.99d0305e8f1730dceb040f5440fb ), 
  why is this comic about britain and not the eu ? 
  why the fuck is it even getting up votes ? 
  thanks for your input . 
  * talking about the real issues *, 
  haha i knew there was an exception to this idea . 
  curry varies massively , you can get curry without any spice at all to curry so hot it 's simply a game to try and finish the dish . 
  vindaloo is quite hot , naga curry is even hotter . 
  i do n't know the scales of these , but i know calabrese peppers are considered ` moderate ' . 
  but to say southern italian foods are hotter than curry is simply silly . 
  i 'd say in the uk our left is slowly becoming more critical of islam . 
  this is because a lot of the views of the left conflict utterly with practices of muslims ( think feminism ) . 
  also , we have been having these debates for a long time now in britain . 
  the left would automatically defend islam , no matter what the issue was . 
  now it 's tired , it has been overdone , very slowly the left are moving away from islam , almost in a natural way . 
  damn that comic could n't be more inaccurate . 
  for a long time , we killed each other on a scale never seen before and more optimistically will never be seen ever again . 
   aversion to spicy food that is definitely not a europe-wide thing . 
  they are obsessed with hot curry in the uk . 
  all the brits are still in bed hungover . 
  wrong . 
  this is a great idea !!, 
  next week , monaco appreciation thread !, 
  i think everyone in the whole of europe wants romania to improve and improve fast . 
  every single person in europe wants romania to be politically less corrupt , economically stable and a great place for romanians to want to stay and thrive . 
  a country that people from the rest of europe want to visit . 
  but that 's the problem though is n't it ? 
  300 away only takes 1 second to travel . 
   i imagine i sound like my canadian boyfriend does when he `` puts on a british accent '' , i.e. 
  mauls the language while adopting excessive pseudo-posh mannerisms . 
  that 's a good example actually , people putting on an ` english accent ' is absolutely terrible , are you english ? 
  i 've heard of it and i do n't doubt edinburgh has some shit places . 
  that said , go to london , glasgow , manchester and you will see edinburgh , in general , is posh . 
  well i always thought french would be the easiest by default , but apparently it 's italian . 
  i guess only a british or american can answer . 
  i 'm banned !, 
  i have read that for native english speakers italian is the easiest , how true that is i do n't know . 
  the blue in the south east of the map was british controlled right ? 
  you are n't allowed to speak about it you will get banned from the subreddit . 
  does it mean pints though ? 
  i do n't get it , it could be the cheapest 3 litre bottle of cider ? 
  the general over-exaggeration of their contribution in historic battles , the manipulation of statistics to exaggerate their contribution , the myths repeated so often it becomes fact , the complete writing off of things they do n't like or will show them in a bad light , the downplaying of others to show themselves in a better light . 
  of course this is all man-in-the-pub style history , but far too many buy into it through patriotism . 
  i 'm not from sweden . 
  that was typed on a tablet and a bit rushed . 
  what i mean is , any concerns about people from abroad , whether it 's begging , jobs , crime , housing , welfare etc , was met with an eager left to denounce them as xenophobic or racist . 
  now that they have left uni , they have witnessed genuinely losing out to immigrants when trying to get low level jobs . 
  they grit their teeth as they know they ca n't change what they 've been thinking for years . 
  well i can see it happening now . 
  i left university last year and i fucking loved seeing all the leftie students who called everyone racist now struggling to get any shit job and have been unemployed for 5 months . 
  lefties are often painfully out of touch with reality . 
  it 's because of two things . 
  more funding for digs in scotland and secondly it 's a shit map that might as well be a lie . 
  more like more funding for archaeological digs . 
  same as scotland . 
  i 'm in scotland before anyone cries . 
  your last paragraph uses events as a reason for other events that had n't yet happened . 
  haha i know the area but i just wondered why it was a reason to not like it . 
  i can see why you would n't like england much coming from scandi . 
  interesting , had no idea . 
  you 're right there , the skyline does look quite odd . 
  [ like here ] ( http://www.beingbrunel.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/london-skyline.jpg ) , it does n't seem to have its own character . 
  there are without a doubt exceptions . 
  i 'm mostly talking about the high rise flats , the concrete precincts , maisonettes and certain styles of housing . 
  you cunning bastard . 
   `` curry mile '' just made the whole thing absurd . 
  how you mean ? 
  first real answer about the uk . 
  everyone says london and manchester because they have n't been anywhere else . 
  first real answer i 've come across , well done . 
  that thread is far more realistic than here though . 
  people here are just naming the biggest cities . 
  realistically we should be hearing about cities most of us have n't heard of , but instead it 's all the most famous and biggest . 
  bit of a let down . 
  give it time and manchester will be better . 
  only in 1990 was the city a rundown nowhere-place , `` an airport with a city '' . 
  it has grown so fast and so much investment it has got ahead of itself , but is catching up fast . 
  i 'm glad you said this , i always thought it 'd be rude to point it out . 
  you are just a bitter scouse cunt . 
  so basically you have n't really been to england . 
  i reckon you just had a bad experience and you are getting up votes from their rivals elsewhere in england . 
  i say this because there are so many towns and cities that are so much worse in england , especially in the north . 
  he 's getting up votes from rival english cities . 
  manchester is the new ` second city ' and is growing at the fastest rate , people seem to hate this fact . 
  people from all over the uk are moving into manchester , second only to london , it really pisses off the brummies and scousers . 
  if something happens in finland you should write an article on it . 
  in the uk anything built between 1960-1990 is a monstrosity . 
  as someone into archaeology turkey is a place that always grabs my interest .
