why are they so surprised ? 
  especially in the city that 's the world center for finance and trade . 
  sorry bud , it 's not going to want to be ethnic slums and ghettos forever . 
  sf in that is a situation where there 's both fucked up political and economic management of the situation and there 's problems with geography . 
  the area would n't have as much problems with it if the available land in the direct vicinity was n't all mountains or water . 
  london is surrounded by land on pretty much all sides and does n't have the same excuses that other places do for it by literally running out of land . 
  it 's pretty funny watching it happen in places like new york . 
  the populations there has always been cycling with new immigrant waves . 
  irish here in this neighborhood , then italian , then slavic , then jewish etcetc . 
  but now that it 's happening to blacks and latinos suddenly there 's a racial dynamic to it ? 
  i expect nothing less of a mindset from the unelected . 
  he can say this and not have to worry since his position is appointed . 
  same with most high up eu officials . 
  there 's a war in kos , greece ? 
  [ america , or i should be more specific by saying texas was pretty good about addressing such concerns rather than being submissive to the threats . 
  ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2015/05/03/us/mohammed-drawing-contest-shooting/ ), 
  yep . 
  these areas are in a lot of cases at carrying capacity , but they 're kept afloat and their populations rise because they are subsidized by foreign entities . 
  east africa has been in famine since before the 1980s , but their population has more than tripled since . 
  the futures going to have a malthusian crash in the middle east and subsaharan africa and the rest of the world is going to have to take them in before it repeats again . 
  and most of these countries have a fertility rate of more than 6 kids per womb , so these are not static populations . 
   since cubans had every desire to fit in with american society . 
  funny thing about that . 
  miami dade county , the area where most cubans are , has around a 30 % english usage rate at a high estimate . 
  [ i just love this map . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_at_the_united_nations#/media/file:lgbt_rights_at_the_un.svg ) like gee i wonder what the commonality that 90 % of the nations here have is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gni_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita hmmm . 
  wonder what 's different from these southern and balkan countries and sweden/germany . 
  most african nations can barely manage domestic agriculture , the incompetency at a higher level 's a bit expected . 
  the unhcr is a joke of an organization as it 's almost always headed and chaired by autocracies and dictatorships . 
  they have very little legitimacy as far as i 'm concerned as normal business to them is saudi arabia criticizing norway when it comes to `` human rights '' . 
   there are exceptions , of course , but not even wbbc has caused any death , as far as i know it 's a bit of a joke to me whenever i 'll see people putting them as extremists comparable to the lra or some other militant sect . 
  to have one of the most extreme elements of american christianity be basically shock jocks is this just amazing thing when it comes to how far we 've progressed socially . 
  violence by the individual has a time and a place . 
  it should not always be there , though when the state is in bed with nasty elements like in rotherham , it 's acceptable for the common man to consider it as an approach . 
  oh sure you can , it 's weak as shit to act like you ca n't control your sea boundaries . 
  you guys are n't yemen , you have capable navies . 
  the us used to have a problem with illegal immigrants coming from boats from nations like haiti , and so in response they started to step up more coast guard and naval patrols . 
  this thing happened where when the boats were interdicted , they gradually stopped coming over time . 
  same repeated story in australia . 
  nono see when they do it it 's human trafficking , when i do it it 's for the greater good . 
  i feel its important to note that dearborn is mainly shia and arab christian , where as the refugees coming will most definitely be majority sunni . 
  it could be considered doctrinal through interpretation of taqiyya . 
  it allows them to otherwise `` convert '' if its in ` times of distress or persecution ' . 
  bleeding hearts treat the same action differently if it 's done to a non-european . 
  judging by the appearances in the video , it 's non finns mostly . 
  same as world star usa and non-whites . 
   like how hilary and obama were anti-gay marriage until american culture started to support it more . 
  people forget that most of the anti gay legislation was pushed through by clinton and had loads of bipartisan support . 
   you are deluded . 
  your police force sucks balls . 
   your government did terrible things to people , mk ultra , tuskgee syphilis experiment , sterilising women , iran contra i 'm sure that the city council and local police forces are extremely comparable to the cia . 
  honestly glad to live in a country where there 's firearm proliferation . 
  we do n't get these sort of cover ups of mass rapes to the point of rotherham type situations where fathers are stopped by the law enforcement from getting their daughters out of the rape rings . 
  if the police do n't cooperate and go corrupt with trying to cover a rape gang up , the people can do shit to stop it . 
  none of this since the local political structure tolerates it , it continues bullshit in the uk . 
  it 's not hard if you apply western morality on him . 
  he does fight against having his homeland become multicultural . 
   the availability of natural resources , i 'd argue that not having natural resources is more of a key in the success of nations in becoming developed than the abundance of them . 
  for the most parts you look at the newer developed high income asian nations , the asian tigers , they pretty much all have jack shit in that department . 
  geography is what probably matters more if we were to use the asian tigers as an example . 
   you forgot to mention not having a despotic murdering tyrant dynasty as a leading force of your country . 
  uh ... south korea was run by tyrant dictators until just recently . 
  they 're not dynastic but they 're still despots . 
   why is north korea poorer than south korea ? 
  funny thing about that . 
  south korea was poorer than decolonized african shitholes till about the 1980s , and throughout the cold war north korea was around east german type levels and was routinely better economically than south korea . 
  south korea is a good country now because it had a people who were willing to stick by hard times and make it such rather than running off or hitching boats to japan to live in ` paradise ' . 
  german infertility is one of the justifications used in this crisis it seems . 
  places like vancouver and miami are pretty good of an example how fucked an area can get when you have just massive immigration and the effects of a solid demographic bloc can be . 
  english going into minority status within less than 30 years just due to the fact that there 's so many of these people coming in that they can go through life without having to learn . 
  what is geography , i 'm do n't understand the proximity of celtic and roman languages in comparison to far off asian ones . 
   last time i checked being english was about culture and not skin tone . 
  british is a civic label like that . 
  english is an ethnic group . 
  the way ethnic groups work is that you can not transcend into it without having some shared blood . 
  there 's still a color factor as a multiplier to it . 
  in america , poor as shit west virginia has less crime than poor as shit alabama or mississippi . 
  they 're of similar economic shittyness , the difference is purely in a matter of demographics . 
  http://cdn3.chartsbin.com/chartimages/l_1203_72a1567c7b42750c6cd4c8f61ff1f799 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/d/d0/new_2000_black_percent.gif/1280px-new_2000_black_percent.gif, 
  epidemic like unemployment numbers are the perfect environment for having tens of thousands of new freeloaders . 
  their problem ties more into wanting to be `` multicultural '' societies rather than `` multiethnic '' ones . 
  the divisions being kept up is intentional to preserve that `` multiculturalism '' . 
  when you encourage people and even offer them the resources to maintain their ethnic tongue as their and their childrens mother tongue , they will always think of themselves as say someone in australia rather than an australian . 
   he laughs and walks off leaving the car and there nothing you can do about it . 
  man am i glad to be raised in the south . 
  not since the december agreement . 
  as far as canada goes , the ndp wants to increase immigration to 500k per year/1 % population immigrating each year , while also granting every canadian the chance to sponsor a non family member , which would inflate that number . 
  it 's pretty much ethnic replacement when you 're nearing us levels of immigration while being 10 percent of its population . 
  islamic inheritance laws are being put in place in the uk . 
  female muslims are being shitted out of their due inheritance in the uk because of sharia courts . 
  when they 're 2nd and 3rd gen as they are , that argument stops being applicable . 
   close borders ? 
  like build a sea between eu and north africa ? 
  oh yeah , that would stop immigration for sure . 
  the us does n't get swarmed by caribbean migrants from the many shitholes there unless it permits them to come like the havana boatlift . 
  having actual control of the sea with your navy deters a fuck ton of illegal immigration by those routes, 
  the stretch of sea between indonesia and australia is around the size of if not actually shorter in many cases than the distance between libyan ports to italian ones . 
  refugees are n't going to be homesteading in greenspace in the taiga , do n't act like they are . 
  canadian cities are in a crunch of through the roof housing crisis 's , and the cities that are n't are running jokes for how economic desolate they are .
