  i imagine that would be sort of complicated if its not handled well . 
  dearborn is mostly shiite and or arab/assyrian christian rather than sunni . 
  carlos slim , owner of the nyt . 
   i do n't mind them bringing a bit of their own culture [ there seems to be a commonality here with islamic cultures . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_at_the_united_nations#/media/file:lgbt_rights_at_the_un.svg ) while you might not mind , others perhaps will . 
  i 'd argue that the vietnamese are a successful refugee group way more than the somali 's are . 
  nothing but bad shit and a host of unintegrated masses from them in seattle . 
  there will be a story really quite frequently of them doing shit that qualifies as anti gay hate crimes in the gay district . 
  it 's a bit of a joke how `` overrepresented '' east africans are when it comes to that specific sort of crime . 
  land that private arab parties are selling to jews and jewish organizations within the west bank . 
  there 's very little in the way of this being done that is n't legal . 
  you have issues , take it up with the land owners who sold it all to settlers, 
  one of the big differences between cultures of the east and west is how peace is understood culturally . 
  especially under islamic cultures , peace to them is closer to the concept of submission . 
  if there are no other potentially hostile elements existing , there will be no cessation of conflicts, 
   then the developig world does n't need us constantly stepping in to solve their issues . 
  western support is causing issues more than anything . 
  there are still an amazingly huge amounts of humanitarian crisis 's and our unconditional aid has just made it so more people are affected by it than saved by it . 
  east africa around the horn of africa in ethiopia , somalia , etc is a big example of it . 
  these areas have been in famine and extreme drought conditions for over 4 decades , and yet the population has nearly doubled and tripled in an extremely short time . 
  western aid keeps them afloat , and their economies and lifestyles do n't have to really necessarily adjust to the realities of famines and droughts because they 're getting an absolutely massive amount of subsidies from white foreigners . 
  the drought 's not improving , because there 's more people than ever they 're in a bigger water crisis , and there is still local problems with growing food . 
  the issue still exists , and since they have two to three to four times more people in the region , and a continually compounding population , we 've just caused a bigger water or hunger crisis by letting it fester . 
  this would be obvious to anyone whose ever been in a mosque before . 
  the modern metis are kind of a funny thing . 
  not to say they 're illegitimate , but a lot of them are what would in america be made fun of as white people claiming they 're `` 1/16th cherokee '' . 
  since the definition of it is cultural rather than ethnic , you see funny trends like their population growing by more than double within an extremely short time period , and that growth being maintained after things like employment equity act was put in force , while that same growth is not seen in other native group populations . 
  there 's a lot of benefits to get when it comes to claiming metis status as opposed to white in canada , and it 's really taken advantage of . 
  the employment equity act did things like effectively legalized employment discrimination against whites within canada , and you get great cases where it 's used to effectively disbar white applicants from ever applying to public service jobs in places like richmond , bc . 
  and miami is a ghetto where after lots of ethnic replacement , the vast majority of people within the city ca n't even speak english . 
  turning from the third most jewish city after tel-aviv and new york , into the `` capital of latin america '' , when before the 80 's there was only a paltry presence of spanish speakers . 
  many places like marseilles seems to be going through the same process , and it 's unfortunate as there are many living examples of the fuckups of america 's amnesty plans . 
  i 'd expect derogatory hispanic jokes sooner than that . 
  i think you were being goofed . 
   as a turk i actually feel we fit the white category moreso than non-white . 
  straight up , least in america , i 'd go as far to say that anatolian , and levantine peoples like lebanese 's as an example are socially considered white . 
  if there 's not the distinctive beards on display , most just look like whites from mediterranean countries . 
  there 's different social context 's at hand compared to germany and the uk and so on though , so different reception . 
  though i imagine if they did n't speak the lingua franca of the country , it would be a different case , and stand out more . 
   as for texas , it is expected to a democratic candidate for president within 20 years . 
  i would n't say so . 
  [ hispanics happen to be swing voters in texas . 
  ] ( http://www.pewhispanic.org/2014/11/07/hispanic-voters-in-the-2014-election/ )  in texas , the latino vote was split between incumbent republican john cornyn ( 48 % ) and democrat david alameel ( 47 % ) ,, 
  chicago and new york have basically reversed it by making the areas less black . 
  they 've added more diversity rather than have just a black supermajority in these certain areas . 
  that 's the basic gist of a lot of it . 
  these areas are gentrified and made over by immigrant waves from asia and the indian subcontinent , along with the middle class of other areas . 
   this mostly failed in the us and they stopped doing it afaik . 
  depends on the area i guess . 
  least in florida they are still doing it and they 'd ship kids off from one side of the city to the entire opposite of it in order to ` fix ' the demographics . 
  talking 1 to 2 hour bus rides each way, 
  in america , the first generation that went through school ` desegregation ' has ended up placing their children in alternate education programs . 
  there will be cases where schools will be built to double or triple the capacity of the local community to commute people from 50 miles away , while the locals foot the bill and are a minority in their schools . 
  demographic wise to show how fucked it is , i 'll use the makeup of my community of some around 50,000 or so and the high school i went to . 
  keep in mind this was a suburban community with kids and families around in just about every household . 
  was around 58 percent white , 15 percent hispanic , 15 percent black , and 11 percent asian . 
  the local high school was 36 % white , 28 % hispanic , 27 percent black , 5 % asian , and 4 % multiracial . 
  really it 's a natural consequence of the social policy . 
  when you have a bunch of decently well off people and force them to meld socially with those who are of vastly different wealth class and culture , and are often hostile and resentful , there wo n't be good interactions from both sides aside from token gestures . 
   you guys have one of highest wages in europe and in the world , i find it hard to believe that your problem are inadequate salaries . 
  uk tech industry pay is still about 60 % of that of canadian and american pay . 
  anglo 's will just flock to anglos if they have a better deal when it comes to a skilled industry . 
  pretty much . 
  when canadians and americans pay almost double the amount of money for doing the same work , europe will remain uncompetitive with this sort of thing . 
   i want to see if there is a correlation between ethical makeup of the school and exam results . 
  significant differences in performance between ethnic makeup exists regardless of income class . 
  the richest black county in the us , prince george 's county had performances on things like the sat being significantly lower on average when compared to neighboring counties , despite the average income being at about the same level . 
  [ average sat score for prince george county is 1274 , montgomery county had it at 1651 ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/local/education/sat-reading-scores-hit-a-four-decade-low/2012/09/24/7ec9cb1e-0643-11e2-afff-d6c7f20a83bf_story.html ) prince george 's county is 65 percent black , with the median family income being around 82k montgomery county is around 16.6 percent black , with the median family income being around 89-90k, 
  family reunification is especially awesome when it comes to certain demographics like arabs , pakistani 's , etc. 
  cousin marriages , especially 1st cousin marriages practiced for over 50 % of marriages , and a family clan structure that has an immense amount of people within the `` immediate family '' . 
  creates fantastic situations taking advantage of family reunification as every individual person can potentially bring over dozens . 
  the japanese have a higher birthrate than germans . 
  that 's not a good statistic bro . 
  saying half your immigrants are still unemployed by five years in is pathetic . 
  she was an east german until she was nearly forty . 
  she does n't need fiction as a guide when she was immersed in the real thing . 
  i do n't have high hopes as canada 's version of integration is for lack of a better word , celebrating unintegration . 
  it encourages the development of separate societies within canada , and views the development of ethnic ghettos as a plus . 
  to describe it , the cultural mosaic encourages a person to be a chinese person in canada rather than a chinese-canadian . 
  there 's lots of degrees of separation put on rather than actually welcoming people full on into their society . 
   it will be just like the irish , everyone will be an american and their culture that became part of ours will be everyone 's culture it depends . 
  those trends often came at the price of speaking english in the home , effectively `` assimilating '' . 
  germans , and italians , and xyz eastern europeans , and jews , and so on became effectively `` white anglos '' through adopting the language . 
  immigrant groups will continually be associated as being an `` other '' so long as there is a divide in language . 
   yea , we could probably easily integrate many multiples of a 1 million a year . 
  i do n't think so at all unless we 're counting culturally similar white europeans that already know english . 
  many cities have been completely demographically transformed from such levels of foreign immigration and with that , there 's not a desire to integrate as it turns majority xyz ethnicity overnight . 
  many places like miami were n't homes to spanish speakers till reagan granted amnesty , and within a short period of that level of immigration to it , it becomes irreversible . 
  ditto for vancouver . 
  the chinese in southern vancouver and richmond , whites along northern vancouver and outer cities , indian subcontinentals in surrey , everyone keeping to their lane . 
  there 's little to no integration as well so you 're getting hindi majority areas , chinese majority areas , etcetc , and it 's thought of as just a natural thing . 
  gon na antagonize egypt for it as well i presume ? 
  they 're in many cases stricter and more willing to strike at gaza for the shit they pull because they do n't have any bad pr angles hanging over their head for it . 
  they do n't even want to go to the good parts of eastern europe bro . 
  what job security . 
  literally fucking up the situation as mayor since the beginning of the crisis , and still playing the same cards after barely managing to hang onto the position . 
  terrorists win when their ideology gains ground and they become the legitimate rather than fringe movements , not when there 's slight restrictions that would particularly impede them . 
  i suppose the turks are also despised as well for a hundreds of years of colonization and imperialism towards the region ? 
  the rest of the world is n't the west . 
  in most countries , there 's not really a thing like freedom of the press , especially in single party states .
