  you ca n't compare things where hundreds of thousands of people died to a dictator that has a death count in the low thousands . 
  there 's such a thing as a shared genealogy . 
  it 's perfectly fine to acknowledge that there 's a literal german peoples . 
   well , 4 times higher is pushing it . 
  2 times higher is assuming that they have western sized families . 
  that 's not the case in regions where the fertility rate at its lowest is still 3.3-3 .5 kids per womb , which is still double the western birth rate . 
  or could just be the lack of realpolitik in the situation when it comes to germany ? 
  germany being at the table would be very superficial as there 's little to no actual power there . 
  they 're the kid sitting in the back of the room in this situation . 
  the rest of the people at the table are the players in the region + us and russia . 
  not to mention that the big 5 unsc provide around 50 % of the un 's funding . 
  if they walk , good luck with your project . 
  the next highest funder , japan is n't going to hold that shit up if any other big funder walks . 
  israel has pretty decent respect for kebab . 
  arabs in israel have extremely positive sentiment towards the country . 
  it 's pretty expected as it 's the only democracy in the middle east . 
  american police for a lack of a better word when compared to scandinavian police are n't cowards . 
  this does n't happen as there is legitimate risk when it comes to doing shit like that . 
  if this happened , there would be a show of force by the police and * more * patrols in that neighborhood , leading to arrests and crackdowns . 
  to describe it in simple words , a pearl harbor mentality is ingrained in our culture . 
  if attacked , we fight back rather than retreat or be submissive to the aggressive elements . 
  none of this appeasement shit . 
  it 's smart . 
  they 've got a fucking amazing advantage with the bone structure . 
   the european left/liberals decide they prefer the women-hating islamic refugees to an actual european woman . 
  it 's pretty amazing watching it go down . 
  to show how fast the opinion has moved , the same treatment is happening to the lgbt as well and the siding has been the same . 
   even their gangsters are model citizens and do n't involve non - vietnamese in their crimes . 
  that tends to be true when it comes to most asian crime . 
  a poor immigrant asian neighborhood is n't a ghetto , while you ca n't say the same for poor black or hispanic ones . 
  culture makes all the difference . 
   good we lost most of our enterprising people to the new world . 
  oh the same is happening to your cousins who went west . 
  islamic welfare opportunists are dime a dozen in areas of heavy nordic/scandinavian settlement in the americas . 
  our implies you worked for it . 
  `` only '' a yearly intake of populations as large as half a dozen eu nations . 
  [ i do n't even like toll booths like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5f/ez_pass_pennsylvania_bensalem.jpg ) . 
  it makes things more efficient by not having to stop , though it 's recording your movements by having a log on file of basically where and when you enter/leave an area . 
  not even touching the nsa shit that goes on . 
  which generally is n't a bad thing considering that the murder rate for white south africans is among the worlds highest . 
  south africa is already in the top 5 countries for homicide , and white south africans have a rate of 4 times that of the national average when it comes to being victims of it . 
  yep . 
  it 's pretty funny what `` black economic empowerment '' has resulted in . 
  a nation went from having a nuclear program to being unable to maintain a power grid . 
   learning the language is not that bad , i had friends from sa i gamed with and laughed a lot about the difference in languages in both ways . 
  any idea of the major differences between afrikaans and dutch ? 
  at least to an english speaking yank , it sounds to me like the `` southern '' or `` appalachian '' sort of version of american english if we were to make a direct dialect comparison . 
  in the usa , it 's a general rule of thumb that mainly shia muslims are going to be economically active , while it 's the reverse for sunni 's . 
  on that list , the highest a majority shia muslim ethnic group is at # 10 , while it 's # 35 for sunni . 
  do n't know how that happened , it 's just a thing . 
  it 's considered `` good '' when a sunni muslim demographic ( iraqi , somali , etc ) has [ 50 % unemployment ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20121105/44236 ) even after 20 + years of being in the country . 
  [ really , as a gay person it 's great . 
  ] ( http://76crimes.com/76-countries-where-homosexuality-is-illegal/ ) ca n't wait to get more and more societal standards replaced with that of these regions . 
  yes yes , we should n't be happy till europe has more and more ethnic slums . 
  it shall carry on in the traditions of detroit and baltimore . 
  it 's pretty funny to me as it 's a very east german solution . 
  even really well adjusted diaspora of palestinian families with money and businesses owned have a lot of stranger behaviors like this continued fervent adoration for `` the cause '' . 
  two generations into america and they 're still acting like devotees to arafat and the plo . 
  we were just in iraq and afghanistan for over a decade and have seen the effects of insurgency . 
  armored vehicles and automatic weapons mean barely anything if you 're not facing a traditional army . 
  it 's a spit in the face of those who went through the immigration system , those who took up european values of secularism , and those who make an effort above all to work rather than go on the dole . 
  reparations being asked for from things hundreds of years in the past are a sign of a people who have failed culturally and economically . 
  i expect nothing less from a people who have a first generation diaspora that 's almost as large as the islands population itself . 
  right then , france , italy , spain , ukraine , russia , georgia , and every balkan country should ask turkey to pay billions of reparations as their slave trade of europeans was fucking massive and longer lasting than the atlantic slave trade . 
  funny thing about that . 
  most african conflicts have occurred because of `` diversity '' . 
  from ethnic diversity , to religious diversity , there have been constant wars in these subsaharan countries over it . 
  this was n't just `` a swedish politican '' , this was prime minister reinfeldt saying stupid shit like that . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20141207/no-home-for-swe-dems-on-centre-right-reinfeldt  `` what does the word `` enough '' mean ? 
  sweden is full ? 
  the nordic region is full ? 
  are we too many people ? 
  we are 25 million people living in the north . 
  i often fly over the swedish countryside and i would advise others to do . 
  there are endless fields and forests . 
  there 's more space than you might imagine . 
  those who claim that the country is full , they should demonstrate where it is full . '', 
  you 're saying this as if it 's a bad thing . 
  that is the entire trend of weed legalization in america . 
  same thing with doma passing under president clinton when it came to banning gay marriage . 
  states ignoring the federal government having it be illegal and doing it anyway . 
   most of press is unprofitable these days and they do n't shut down entirely without any warning whatsoever , while also shutting down its archives . 
  this literally happens at least once a month in america , in cities and regions that are similar sized markets as the hungarian country . 
  i have no idea why it would n't be the case as well in europe . 
   they are mostly abc1s [ well-eduated middle-class ] , living in urban areas in scotland and wales . 
  then there is the community tribe ( 5 % ) -- mainly working-class voters in northern england and the midlands is n't it a bit funny as well that the abc1s were largely in the homogeneous , 96 percent white or higher areas that are scotland as well as wales , compared to the midlands where there 's actual racial diversity . 
  yeah 2 percent is a coin toss , not like there was actually 1.5 million more votes for leave than remain . 
  which is silly because it 's the present . 
  pulse just happened . 
  as far as it goes , if you have a college degree or certification , speak english or french , are between 21 and 49 , and have at least one year of work experience with your degree you can get permanent residency immigration pretty easily . 
  pretty much if you 're a western university grad or skilled worker you can immigrate to canada easily . 
  pretty much just the north american ones i think . 
  salt lake city , atlanta , la , vancouver , calgary . 
  that does n't really mean much since it 's a semantics argument . 
  you can have wildly different catholic interpretations from different geographic areas all be counted in the same figure ( irish , mexican , armenian , etcetc ) while protestant churches with superficial differences are counted as separate denomination . 
  at the end of the day , in only a few areas are catholics numerous enough to be even a plurality . 
  every immigrant group has always taken their lumps from the native born until the new group fits in and speaks the language . 
  hell even when they speak the language as was the case with the irish . 
  this has happened in perpetuity in any immigrant receiving society . 
  basic passive aggressive shit that white people have been doing to other white people for centuries is now racist when done to nonwhites ?
