  this should n't really be a surprise given the prc 's history . 
  [ quite . 
  ] ( http://www.consang.net/index.php/global_prevalence ), 
  a lot of islamic cultures have it off the charts , some being the majority of marriages . 
  cousin marriages for generation after generation till you get statistics like pakistani 's being less than 5 percent of uk births but the majority of births born with defects . 
   the american mafia is often portrayed as a relic from another era ( which it probably is ) . 
  to sort of describe it , the dominant northeastern american mob is no longer new yorker , but montreal based . 
  you 're surprised about this ? 
  this has been a problem in american prisons for * decades * and we have far less muslims . 
  brevik went through a similar process as uk acquisition of the same type to get his semi automatic weapon . 
  there 's exemptions in both countries for farmers . 
  not all shooters are going to purchase a fucking farm property and manage it for years before doing their shit . 
  that 's more a problem of the eu 's borders being porous when there 's the context of a recent war zone bordering schengen states . 
  you wo n't crack down on fully automatic former military weapons by banning any fucking rifle above 22lr that shoots . 
  those czechs sure are up to no good with their lax gun laws , am i right ? 
  such a violent country . 
  2 whole legal gun murders in some years !, 
  guns are actually * cheaper * in canada than the us . 
  they 're often paying hundreds of dollars less than americans for similar firearms due to the lack of industrial protectionist laws that americans have . 
  they get a lot of decent quality chinese clones of weapons and eastern bloc imports , while that shit is barred in the us . 
  there 's still a fucking way for them to use that and make straw purchases or this or that , and fuel such a market . 
  to give one example of the same firearm , the sks . 
  [ 249 cad ] ( https://www.canadaammo.com/product/detail/russian-sks-semi-auto-7-62x39-rifle-hardwood/ ) versus [ 430 usd ] ( https://www.classicfirearms.com/yugo-sks-semi-auto-excellent ) with currency conversions that 's twice as much for the same firearm for an american buyer . 
   white southerners are arguably an ethnic group it 's funny in a way because to act like the civil war was between one ethnic group would be to say that scottish people and english people are the same and indistinguishable . 
  the settlement of the us was done by people from different geographic locations into different areas . 
  to put it into the briefest summary , aside from what could be described as colonial aristocracy , for the most part , english folk settled in areas above the carolina 's , and scottish settled below virginia . 
  american civil war can be staged as different ethnicities and religious sects . 
  us colonial immigration had different groups go different places . 
  it was majority english in the northeast , and scottish/scottish-english borderfolk in the south . 
  i have a lot of fun chatting with rich as fuck arabs about that sort of thing as they 'll just speak their mind on it like it 's clear as day . 
  i 've heard some gushing about arafat like he was ryan gosling , and it 's just odd . 
   that is a load of bullshit . 
  even looking at the recent past before the crusades were called , you see shit like seljuk islamic invaders reaching the shores of izmir by 1080 , while the byzantine borders were set at armenia before that war started . 
  not even the us has and we get the top tier ones . 
  even rich as shit 2nd to 3rd generation palestinians are still jingoistic as all fuck , and that 's comparing them to americans . 
  the successfully integrated muslim groups we do get , such as persians , seem to almost all be shiites though . 
  i do n't personally strike that up as a coincidence . 
  the levant , turkey , and north africa were all christian before being conquered by muslims . 
  for the most part , the vast history of interaction is muslim aggression and christian retaliation . 
  it did n't really change from that until the late 1800s . 
  the size of new jersey with a good half of it being the negev desert , then cut that in half because of the west bank . 
   well the gdp per capita is about 15-20 % higher in the us . 
  [ then you get fun stuff like this . 
  ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/08/25/britain-is-poorer-than-any-us-state-yes-even-mississippi/ ), 
  people like to really fuck around to where they get the most in debt as possible . 
  they go out of state , raising tuition prices 3 times in an instant , they do n't work part time while going to school and as a result live off their loans for half a decade , they go all four years ( often longer ) rather than going to a junior college for their pre req 's . 
  there 's so much just little shit that is more a result of financial illiteracy than the cost of college . 
  the left has seen fit in places to give concessions of gay rights to save face with muslims as a voting block , and the right wing sweeps in to that vacuum as they 're still seen as countrymen . 
  seems in my experience that the best sort of non-european immigrant when it comes to integration are usually east asian or hindu indian . 
  barely any of the same shit you get with muslims , where even the rich , relatively well integrated second generation ones have soft spots that goes beyond adoration of figures like arafat and `` the cause '' . 
  i mean it in a sense that with europe , the divide between the poorest states and the richest ones is just extreme . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita ) compare that to areas in the us by gdp per capita , between the wealthiest us state and the poorest , [ it 's a divide of about 2 to 1 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_gdp_per_capita ), 
  there being more extreme stratification really fucks that up as well as it just further diminishes the value of labor . 
  there 's still a degree of it in the americas and canada , but even between the richest and poorest areas it 's not to the extent of shit like bulgaria vs germany . 
  the murder rate against whites in sa is among the highest in the world . 
  it 's a bit of a no brainer . 
  when it comes to more skilled work like tech industry stuff , with the same university credentials , and the same work , you 'll make around 2/3rds the salary , have a higher cost of living , and be taxed more on top of it compared to the former colonies . 
  if you have a skill or connections , there 's just better opportunities if you 're mid to upper class and immigrate outside of europe . 
   it wo n't go on like this , you 'd probably run out of refugees long before that . 
  good thing most of these foreigners are n't necessarily refugees . 
  having greenspace does n't mean shit if your populations are centered around three cities ( gothenburg , malmo , stockholm ) . 
  the fact that the cities are full but you have land up in the north of the country does n't mean anything . 
   i would imagine atheists and irreligious in general will highly outnumber muslims atheists and the irreligious generally do n't have kids . 
  was n't making a comparison on that note , as much as what 's derided in circles such as the chinese occupation and colonization of tibet , is celebrated when it happens to western countries . 
  it 's a great big hypocrisy . 
  i do n't think you know much about brazil if you 're saying that . 
  they may be united linguistically and maybe religiously , but there 's what would be considered in the west to be defacto caste system still present , along with a color to crime as a result . 
  not to mention the solution to many of their crime brought on is the shit you see in tropa de elite . 
  brazils not a model for any sort of unity culture . 
  no reason to feel bad about it , every country does n't deserve mass demographic change . 
  it 's unfair for tibetans to become a minority in their own country , same with germans . 
   as it shows clear racist tendencies in this student union . 
  the student union was in the press not to long ago for refusing to recognize the holocaust as doing so would be `` zionist '' they 're pieces of work . 
  `` fair '' distribution is n't fair when two members are causing them to come against the wishes of over a dozen others . 
   in a multicultural society we do n't speak of assimilation but rather integration . 
   integration failed for some minority groups that came here a generation or two three back , in fact some minorities have increased their distance to the prevalant culture . 
  same is happening in america and it needs to be stemmed early on to have success . 
  with hispanic immigration into many places like miami and socal , there 's such a presence and continued influx as to where spanish gradually became the majority language of the cities , and what the fuck do you do then ? 
  it 's not a hundred years ago and the methods used to get german use down and english usage up are n't going to be used again . 
   my church ( episcopalians ) has women priests . 
  not really helping as you 're a bit making his point about it being liberal as shit though . 
  episcopalian church has been known for being more liberal than the common opinion at times . 
  i remember in 2004 how there was a stir with them having a once divorced , gay , same-sex married bishop . 
  keep in mind progressive as all hell california was able to pass a ban on gay marriage through public vote in 2008 . 
  my statements pretty clear in that i 'm on board with the idea that a club can be whatever niche it wants to , and if it does n't want to be known as the `` black club '' , that 's fine . 
  not everything needs to be a rainbow image of diversity , especially when it comes to fickle , image driven industries . 
   ricky simmons claimed he was sacked for attracting too many black people to his room while he was a resident dj at tiger tiger croydon . 
  many of these clubs are owned by middle-aged , predominantly foreign white men who are not in touch with london 's culture or multiculturalism . 
  ah yes , a lot of black people in a room sure is multiculturalism . 
   many clubs have open door policies of course , but to think that there is a form of racial separation taking place in britain today is disgusting . 
  london 's councils need to clamp down on it , and make sure that every club is inclusive . 
  if not , then they should be shut down and have their licence revoked . 
  and if they complain and ask why they 've been kicked out of london 's nightlife club , then the answer will be simple : `` too racist '' . 
  not like establishments are there to make money , nah they need to police their demographics and have the club goers look a certain way `` in the interest of being inclusive '' . 
  or else . 
   economic prospects and general quality of live for 15 million chileans does n't count at all ? 
  funny thing about that as their quality of life rose immensely to the point where they have the highest hdi in all of south america due to his [ `` chicago boys '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miracle_of_chile ) economic reforms . 
  you know . 
  i 'm gon na draw the line at chile .
