what 's your point ? 
  yes , it is 4g . 
  and is the new situation going to be better or worse than before ? 
   but even so : 10 $ for 10gb is obviously not a realistic data plan wtf are you talking about ? 
  i pay 25 $ a month for 40 gb . 
  10 $ for 10 gb is perfectly realistic . 
   ca n't really put economic sanctions on a province of another country ... just put more economics sanctions on the country then . 
  if texas opened up a concentration camp for homosexuals tomorrow , would no blame go to the us federal state for not doing anything ? 
  it must be nice to be so certain about the future ... good for you !, 
  hope you never get disappointed . 
  what lottery numbers should i play tonight ? 
  you seem to be able to know the future in a way that no one can . 
  i do n't see the point of that , tbh . 
  there 's way too much inertia to overcome that , and it 's not necessary to make intra-eu calls the same price as national calls . 
  http://www.dictionary.com/browse/aristocracy  1 . 
  ** a class of persons holding exceptional rank and privileges , especially the hereditary nobility . 
  ** a government or state ruled by an aristocracy , elite , or privileged upper class . 
  **  3 . government by those considered to be the best or most able people in the state . 
   4 . a governing body composed of those considered to be the best or most able people in the state . 
   5 . any class or group considered to be superior , as through education , ability , wealth , or social prestige . 
  you 're talking about medieval aristocracy . 
  news flash , this is n't the 16th century anymore . 
  society has evolved . 
  yeah , those people do n't have an hereditary title . 
  does n't mean that they do n't hold some exceptional rank and privileges , or that they are n't part of a privileged upper class that governs the country . 
  they 're modern-day aristocrats . 
  apart from the bishops , almost all of them are life peers and rank as barons/baronesses , and a few are hereditary peers ( dukes , marquis etc ) . 
  besides , i did n't say they were nobles , i said they were aristocrats . 
  people who rule by virtue of just existing . 
  they can basically do whatever the fuck they want and remain members of the ruling elite for their whole lives . 
  there were diagrams like that available in my middle school geography classes , 10 + years ago ... 
  the lisbon treaty is 10 years old , there 's been ample time for everyone to read the shit-ton of explanatory stuff about it . 
  at some point people decide willfully to remain ignorant . 
  there was an attempt to simplify the eu , and it was called the eu constitution . 
  instead we got the lisbon treaty which basically implemented the same stuff except for the simplifying parts . 
  just because they agree with you on one issue does n't make the whole thing good . 
  wait until some day you 're in favor of some piece of legislation and these unelected aristocrats say `` no '' because fuck you , they 're do n't depend on popularity to stay in power . 
   scotland 's deficit is the worst in europe . 
  it does n't make sense to compare the deficit of a country with the `` deficit '' of a region of a country . 
  there 's no reason it would take five years . 
  all of scotland 's laws are compatible with eu legislation , because scotland is already in the eu . 
  there will be negotiations , like whether scotland will have to join the few things from which the uk has opted out ( euro , schengen ... ) , but five years is not credible . 
  and the eu would be in a position of force here . 
   cos that is one european organisation that i would n't mind crumbling . 
  why ? 
  it 's fun and hurts nobody . 
   the eu is justified in moving to help or encourage the breaking-apart & crippling of a eu member the eu did that ? 
  when ? 
  he pledged to support the winner of the primary when he decided to participate in the primary . 
  why are color choices for map consistently terrible in this sub ? 
   i think that the referendum is a prime example of why a direct democracy does not work . 
  well the executive branch had to give the order to allow a referendum . 
  it 's on them . 
  two countries surrounded by the eu and bound by eu rules in many aspects . 
  these are your examples ? 
  both branches are supposed to represent the people , so if the people speak they have to follow . 
  besides it was the executive who decided to make a referendum , and the legislative had to allow the executive to trigger article 50 . 
  that e does n't exist in french . 
  `` madame '' is written with a normal e. 
  just put it in an automated translation service , it says `` moscow will help le pen win the election '' . 
   madam\u0117  \u0117 wtf is this ? 
  see also the proposed [ treaty on the democratization of the euro area ] ( http://piketty.pse.ens.fr/files/t-dem%20-%20final%20english%20version%209march2017.pdf ) . 
  so you do n't care if there 's a trans leader . 
  that 's called `` being comfortable with it '' . 
   i can not think any less of you already anyway . 
  i 'm sure sweden will manage without your approval . 
   the good old `` i do n't know / i do n't care '' that 's a `` yes '' ... 
  are you serious ? 
  the refugee crisis , a madman in the white house in cahoots with russia , the debt crisis , the rise of populism in europe ... 
  what thought ? 
  `` i hope something magical happens that everything gets better '' ? 
  and yet clinton was seen as the `` war hawk '' . 
  it 's a very important fight right here , making sure that the guy who tried to commit a terror attack in an airport is not wrongfully accused of being misogynistic . 
  it 's some think tank 's opinion on the future of europe . 
  in case it 's not clear to everyone , it should be noted that , despite the name , this is in no way some kind of official body . 
  it 's just a think tank called the `` european council on foreign relations '' , it 's not the european council 's ( the eu institution made up of heads of states ) opinion on foreign relations . 
  in the guy 's mind , `` poor '' is equal to `` social parasite '' . 
  besides the words he used in french , `` cas sociaux '' , means `` people who have attracted the attention of social services '' ; `` social parasite '' is n't a perfect translation . 
  they are not basically synonyms , in any language . 
  or maybe you believe that the repubblica popolare democratica di corea , which is truly a republic , is actually a democracy ? 
   as an history fan i have to ask , if scotland gains independance what would it become ? 
  a democracy ? 
  it 's already a democracy and the uk is a democracy . 
  it would be inconceivable that scotland would not remain a democracy ( especially since the main issue this time around is the eu , and a necessary condition to join the eu is democracy ... ) . 
  i 've honestly never heard that before . 
  i 'm sorry , i must have missed the part where you conducted a study and found a reasonable price for building 200 km of underground network and 68 stations . 
  what price did you find ? 
  do you have a detailed invoice ? 
  i 'm sure paris officials would be interested . 
  why did you not participate in the public bids ? 
  well paris is 3.5 times more populous than helsinki , and if you look at urban areas it 's ten times more populous , so ... yeah . 
  i 've never heard that expression . 
  cool story bro . 
   the high-percentage countries ( france , italy ) tend to heavily frown on public inebriation wtf are you talking about . 
  i 've never been to italy so i ca n't say but you 've obviously never been to france . 
  you know all the eu languages ? 
  congrats on that major achievement . 
  trump overcame a 6 point lead in the polls , le pen would need to overcome a 24 point lead assuming macron goes to the second round ... !, 
  even if it 's fillon the lead is 16 points ( though that 's probably going to decrease as people are getting more and more fed up with fillon , but this also means that he is less and less likely to go through to the second round ) . 
  your comment makes zero sense .
