so everything is now the sexist patriarchy 's fault . 
  women have no choice and are all conditioned to be the way men want them . 
  alright sexism is a huge problem , but not so much in germany or much of the west . 
  but now this discussion has reached its base level and neither sides can really be argued further . 
  i think it best to go our seperate ways without too much frustration , as i imagine our feelings for eachother are mutual . 
  happy redditing !, 
  do you know what is to blame for the pay gap ? 
  choice . 
  women do not , at least in germany , earn less for the same job . 
  women , on a whole , are more likely to choose jobs based on shorter and more flexible working hours , and no need to work overtime . 
  another reason is longer breaks from work than men ( child raising ) . 
  men are perfectly capable , so there is no immediate need for the mother to raise the child . 
  you are right though , she does as she is more likely to have the job with less pay . 
  why though ? 
  because these women made career choices less based on wage and more on comfort . 
  absolutely nothing wrong with choosing that , but you have to accept that these are legitimate reasons . 
  also , if women did earn less for the same job , companies would only hire women . 
  in germany it is entirely possible to choose your own role in life , many choose traditional roles because they are happy with them , and many do n't . 
  there is nothing wrong with choice, 
  do you mean more common or less common ? 
  hofer master race, 
  or maybe just seeing europe as continental europe . 
  makes a bit of sense when talking about travel . 
  graz , austria may be great for you . 
  it 's easy to cycle around and walking is n't bad either . 
  it 's the second largest city just under 300.000 also iirc there are around 40.000 students . 
  english is n't fantastic , itll6be hard to form deep friendships with the level of english spoken by most , but you can get by with just english , at least most of the time . 
  your rusty german should help , be warned though , the dialect will take some getting used to . 
  access to other countries is rather good . 
  it is in the south east of austria so you can reach slovenia and hungary fairly quickly and italy and croatia are about 2.30 h away . 
  you can probably get to the adriatic in 3 hours but you 'd probably go a bit further to get to the really nice places . 
  2 hours to vienna and 3 hours to salzburg and germany . 
  some people are friendly some are n't . 
  i do n't think it 's special in that department, 
  that username is like looking at pics of yourself from 10 years ago . 
  annoying and dangerous, 
  a thing thats a thing in america, 
  if you think the advertising is bad in austria you should see germany ; every second billboard seems to be advertising tobacco . 
  again , i never know if you are serious, 
  correct  i thought it was more widespread, 
  i 'm not sure if you 're being serious about mariazell or not but i meant vienna :p, 
  in austria the most common would be hawara or hawi also , bruv is actually closer to the pronunciation of brother than bro , at least for me . 
  they are both shortened versions of brother and neither is a dumb spelling of the other, 
  all history can be interesting and austria is no different ; reducing the history of any country to ` not notable apart from suffering ' is just ignorant . 
  of course austria caused a lot of suffering , which country did n't ? 
  a lot of interesting austrian history involves no suffering at all . 
  i mean , you get a lot of interesting shit happening if one of your cities can be considered to have been the cultural capital of europe, 
  the healthiest and the simplest thing to drink, 
  i have a pair and i wear them a lot . 
  they are useful as fuck and damned comfortable . 
  i would n't wear them to work to walk around town ( unless very drunk ) but i do wear them if i am just going round the corner to the bank/bakery/trafik, 
  yes , the president is directly elected . 
  the chancellor is n't elected . 
  the people elect a party who then appoint someone . 
  you often know who they will appoint beforehand though, 
  it was the same for me . 
  odd . . 
  i know . 
  but it reminded me of my trouble answering that question, 
  i quite like french films . 
  i do n't know but they seem more emotional than a lot of mainstream cinema and as if they were made by people who cared about their work, 
  how did you get english ( england ) ? 
  i took the test a couple of times ( bored at work ) and never could, 
  a president obama lives in the white house would also be grammatically correct . 
  thinking about it ` the president obama ' is also correct if you stress ` the ', 
  have dj \u00f6tzi and his [ cover ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiwmwtua4vw ) of the song, 
  i am not familiar enough with the german system to say , but i like to think the president is similar to the queen : he has quite a bit of theoretical power but if he uses it there will be an uproar . 
  he is head of the military , can disband the government ( which has never happened iirc ) and he signs laws into being, 
  i had n't heard the laibach version, 
  election of the chancellor . 
  van der bellen is the president, 
  it 's by opus , an austrian band . 
  also , laibach is the german name for ljubljana , which was once part of the austro-hungarian empire what i 'm saying is live is life is more austrian than you think, 
   there are no electrical sockets in british bathrooms , because of the expectation that there will be a lot of water and high voltage . 
  well i 'd imagine it 's not just british bathrooms that feature a lot of water, 
  i have had two encounters with the police ; one was amazing , the other was really fucking retarded . 
  but i have trust in the institution , not so much in every single one , as they could just be shitty individuals, 
  i like the kunsthaus because when you 're standing on the schlossberg in the middle of the night , the lightshow breaks the scene of the old town in a really beautiful way, 
  i would say the [ kunsthaus ] ( https://goo.gl/images/2yzvoi ) is the most beautiful and the most ugly at the same time edit : thinking about it , [ this ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/grazer_landhaus?wprov=sfla1 ) is probably my favourite, 
  in this case slovenia, 
  old territory as well ? 
  hallstatt is hardly a city but definitely beautiful, 
  and lederhosen are pretty sweet as well . 
  and holy shit the [ schladminger rock ] ( https://www.trachtenbibel.at/wp-content/uploads/2014/12/schladminger-1.jpg ) is noice, 
  i do n't think i have ever heard sonnabend in austria . 
  it seems to be a lot more common further north, 
  in r/austria its not really a talking point . 
  however , in r/aeiou if it ai n't roman catholic it ai n't welcome ( unless it wants to be converted ), 
  you have great food !, 
  ( and the coast ), 
  one word extrawurstsemmel, 
  who invited this guy ? 
  thank you , f\u00edlos , 
  i can believe spain and venezuela having a similar culture , and at least they share a language , but to say that their ` european heritage ' will help them in greece is stretching it a tad, 
  big powerful regions within the eu, 
  if it 's not something you had any part in there is nothing to be ashamed of, 
  now 's the time, 
  as others have mentioned for austria the brenner series is phenomenal . 
  although short , i really like leutnant gustl ( lieutenant gustl ) . 
  it was released in the late 19th or early 20th century and one of the first stories to be written as an inner monologue in german,
