  or [ tisnant an chatma ] ( https://youtu.be/m3mbeo7pwxy ), 
  i feel ya, 
  you you said the word compare . 
  great . 
  but reading some of your comments , sorry , i know its not cool to read other peoples accounts , ive noticed your comment structure is very odd , and that you often add words at the end like `` compare '' and `` context '' while not making any reasonable sense in the rest of the comment . 
  i am not saying i an perfect and ca n't be confused , but you have not helped yourself be easy to understand, 
   sure it is moving from the northeast to bw is btw the bigger culture shock than vienna . 
  ; its just the bigger span of differences coming with distances you were speaking of ne germany , not berlin . 
  of course moving from a city to another city is n't going to change all too much . 
  you then go on to say that its the distance from austria to greece - implying that they are comparable . 
  that is the way all your previous comments came across . 
  i have been saying what your last comment says . 
  you may have been thinking the same thing as me , but the way you put it into writing not at all effective at conveying that to me . 
  glad we 've sorted that out though, 
  hands off !, 
  that was the context . 
  holy fuck ... 
  you seemed to be implying the cultural difference between ne and sw germany was similar to that of austria and greece because of the distance `` it seems you are n't even sure what you are saying anymore '', 
  we are the mountain chain, 
  distance is n't everything . 
  look at the us . 
  saying the difference between northeast and southwest germany is as big as austria and greece is , imo , actually retarded, 
  i ca n't comment on the legitimacy of this so i 'll have to believe you . 
  all i can say is that moving from southeast austria to northeast germany is odd af, 
  can you clarify northeast of where ? 
  bw = berlin west ? 
  bw to vienna or northeast to vienna ? 
  as an austrian living in the north ( ish ) of germany i can say that , apart from the language ( which was more different than i expected ) and all the young people smoking , it 's indeed quite different, 
  i would n't say the styrians despise the carinthians or vice versa . 
  it is more a friendly ribbing . 
  in reality we 're bros, 
  well , probably just germans being germans, 
  sure it was n't filled with cheese like a k\u00e4sekrainer ? 
  how do you mean ? 
  legally , mentally , or physically , or something completely different ? 
  every true austrian wants to include south tirol . 
  and bohemia . 
  and moravia . 
  sts is true though . 
  or at least for styria, 
  just say le big mac and be on your way, 
  i have only ever been to sanfran as a tourist but i can see the comparison . 
  most people who come to berlin as tourists see it the way we see san francisco, 
  i currently live in germany and can say that while many german youths do smoke , it seems to depend a little more on social class in germany . 
  it might just be how i have perceived it , but a lot more people seemed to smoke in austria , regardless of class . 
  i ca n't comment on this for germany , but in austria i know many people who do n't smoke fags but will gladly smoke joints , so technically they 'd be smokers as well, 
  you best believe it . 
  everyone and their mums smoke round here, 
  potato potahto , but technically correct is the best correct so i guess you win this time, 
  anything is handheld if you 're brave enough, 
  we do too , zigeuner being german for gypsy . 
  probably the same in dutch tbh, 
  if there are krapfen to be had , i will have them, 
  also the day the last occupying forces left, 
  got ta be the city square right by the weikhard clock . 
  and holy shit is the clock tower shadow in that second pic ? 
  the moment that happens i want to be shot, 
  fak i forgot about mundl . 
  what have i become ? 
  some of my favourite austrian films are the brenner films . 
  they are by no means the quintessential austrian films , but they make me think of home the most . 
  especially the last one ( das ewige leben - the life eternal ) as it 's set in my hometown, 
  and then nitro, 
   you have a few that means you have some world class skiers . 
  it was a compliment, 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd try to learn the language if you were to move there, 
  i mean , k\u00e4rnten is just a bunch of beautiful lakes with some land in between, 
  i think the winner should be allowed to eat the eggs, 
  at least we 're better than the american skwurl funny how squirrel is considered hard to say for foreigners in both languages, 
  well apple was used to mean fruit , i think . 
  so you 'd have erdapfel ( earth apple ) , paradeiser -  paradies apfel ( paradise apple ) and so on, 
  or is it ? 
  german is n't funny . 
  serious business . 
  i would argue that you do see lederhosen a bit more than you see traditional clothing in other countries , but not many people wear them very often . 
  volkswagen is better translated as wagon of the people though . 
  you have made me miss home :'(, 
  the brenner films in generally , really, 
  not fancy or anything , but nothing cheers me up like a leberkassemmerl, 
  deffo the added sauce . 
  unless i felt like a j\u00e4gerschnitzl . 
  bit if someone says `` hey u want schnitzl '' and they put sauce on it they will be stabbed, 
  i recently moved from styria to berlin and holy hell the water is shit here, 
  lugner ran for president but failed . 
  much like was predicted for trump, 
  now that 's a lifestyle i can get behind !, 
  put kettle on . 
  put english breakfast tea bag in oversized mug . 
  complain about americans and their idiotic concept of brewing tea . 
  pour the boiled water over tea bag . 
  do it slowly , dunno why , just feels right . 
  let sit for a couple of minutes . 
  go off and forget about it or come back and take the tea bag out . 
  add a splash of milk . 
  drink tea whilst complaining about the yanks again and the fact that english breakfast tea is actually a thing , whereas yorkshire breakfast is n't , unless it is the bastard lovechild of english breakfast and yorkshire tea, 
  bauernbrot is the only bread you will ever need, 
  but then we do n't drive , we stride, 
  i was simply happy having to buy the alcohol at the turkish shops where they do n't give a fuck, 
  i played it with ` schwarzer man ' 10 years ago, 
  you mean that 's how you answer when a german calls , right ?
