  bigger does n't necessarily more powerful if you ca n't agree on anything and have weak leadership . 
  i honestly ca n't see a world where french people an lithuanian are driven by a common purpose . 
  cooperation in some areas is very important indeed , but i think federalisation is one of those idea that look good on paper but would be terrible in practise . 
  the path of slowing down integration and even giving back some freedom to member states offered by cameron is one i like . 
   states are heartless monsters fighting for survival over a limited amount of resources . 
  what the federalist are offering is just a bigger version of the states we have . 
  i do n't see how that would make the eu less of a monster in you eyes . 
   but i think from an objective point of view it would be a very good development . 
  oh fair enough then . 
  ca n't argue with a guy who thinks his views are objectively correct , can you ? 
  thanks for the info . 
  i did n't think the campaign could be launched when there is n't a set date for the referendum . 
   at the moment it feels like the stay campaign is running on fear , platitudes and misinformation , and the comment previous to yours did n't help being a cocktail of fear and misinformation . 
  the stay campaign ? 
  i was n't aware the campaign had even started . 
  cameron has n't said which side he 's on yet !, 
  i 'd like to understand but your explanation is a bit short . 
  why would people who are now allowed to stay under the right of free movement of workers be allowed to stay when the free movement of workers is gone ? 
  the uk gets educated young people from other eu members , while you send away your old and sick people to sunny spain and france . 
  if you do vote to leave i 'm gon na enjoy seeing all those old brits get back to the motherland to finish off the nhs and leave our welfare system alone . 
  you are absolutely right to point out the complexity of the situation . 
  the only force that seems to have some consistency are the kurds . 
  but joining them is n't really an option for most arabs i suppose . 
  when i read the title i thought `` why is n't this all over the french news ? '' . 
  and then i understood why . 
  it 's just two random idiots ... 
  then try to establish a fairer political system , like the people of tunisia are doing . 
  if no one tackles the issue , the region is always gon na be a shithole . 
  revolutions are a mess and it takes time stabilize the situation aftewards , but if you never fight for a better world , how is it supposed to happen ? 
   american muslims are much better integrated than european muslims , this is a fact . 
  you have 0,8 % muslim in your population , we have 7,5 % . 
  edit : we had wars of religion long before the us was a country . 
  if you knew our history you would n't call our policies idiotic . 
  we see religion a certain way for a reason , and we 're not gon na change the way we treat religions for islam . 
  i did get off topic . 
  i still think it 's too easy for these people to fuck off and let someone else take care of the problem . 
  i mean they are literally millions . 
  daech has about 200,000 fighters according to the higher estimates . 
  with our help and logistics they could easily make syria the safe place they seek here if they were to unite . 
  i think it would be a pretty good outcome if the people of syria and irak defeated is themselves . 
  that 's something they could be effin proud of . 
   that depends , if it was a civil war then it would n't be that simple . 
  we had a civil war in french algeria in the 50s and 60s . 
  my grandad got drafted . 
  i did mix up the two . 
  apologies fot that . 
  that being said we 've seen what happened with the rom minority when they were allowed to move freely in the schengen area . 
  yeah , war is pretty cruel . 
  but you anglos give us enough shit for losing ww2 as you think we did n't fight enough ( when we did actually fought and resisted throughout the war ) . 
  why the double standard ? 
  if a frenchman does n't fight he 's a coward , when it 's a syrian he gets a council house and benefits ? 
  we should offer them to join the french and spanish foreign legions , train them , and send them take back their country to establish democracy if they want democracy so much . 
  otherwise they can stay in turkey where they are actually refugees , when they start travelling to europe they become migrants . 
  yes , since then even more immigrants have crossed the border and turkey has even more power in the negotiations . 
  do you know about any info that would show the comission does n't intend to go through with this ? 
  apparently the eu comission has the power to abolish the need for visas for turkish citizens entering the eu . 
  making it a schengen member in practise . 
  [ and it intends to do so . 
  ] ( http://www.worldbulletin.net/todays-news/148871/turkey-on-course-to-become-member-of-schengen-area ), 
  the fn is going to lodge a complaint . 
  that 's really surprising , i 've never seen or heard anything negative towards the portuguese immigrants in france . 
  apart from the usual jokes about excessive hairiness and construction workers , but that 's because we like you guys . 
  why do n't force people ? 
  their national territory is occupied , if it was any of our countries young men would be drafted to defend their fellow-citizens . 
  if turkey became part of schengen , we 'd get out of there in an instant . 
  the germans might be willing to make that kind of concession , but i 'm pretty sure switzerland and a lot of other schengen members would nope the fuck out if they had to grant free entry to 80 million turks . 
  i almost said `` as a kiwi , how are you impartial '' . 
  because obviously as a native english speaker it makes more sense to you to read books that were written in english . 
  historically i think we have an edge . 
  same goes for philosophers . 
  locke and smith are very influential . 
  but on the french side we have descartes , voltaire , beauvoir , rousseau , pascal , sartre , la bo\u00e9tie , foucault , bourdieu , durkheim houellebecq is pretty huge and even famous in the english speaking world , bernard werber is good too . 
  am\u00e9lie nothomb and marc levy , alexandre jardin and fr\u00e9deric beigbeder are also selling a lot of books , but i do n't like them . 
  my problem is i do n't read that much modern literature , so my opinion is n't really relevant here . 
  i think the number of successful books in the anglosphere which are translation has gone down in the last decades . 
  that being said we are nowhere to be seen when pop and rock music is mentioned . 
   as a more impartial voice , i would say you 're fairly equal when it comes to literature though . 
  they have quite a few world renowned authors , but i think we have more than any other country . 
  at least that 's true for the number of nobel prize winners . 
   our nightclubs do n't close too early . 
  yeah but they suck big hairy balls . 
  i ca n't stand french nightclubs . 
  in the uk everyone is off their tits by 9pm . 
  and you can usually find a place to go until 5am . 
  their nightclubs actually play nice music and are n't filled with cocky twats . 
  as much as we slay them when it comes to food , wine , literature , football , mountains , beaches and fashion sense . 
  i 'd give them the nightlife . 
  graduates from a middle eastern university . 
  with the amount of cheating going on in those , i would n't be too hopeful concerning the migrants skills . 
  take your upvote . 
  as we say in france : les anglais sont fairplay ; seulement quand ils gagnent . 
  i 'm completely on board with what you 're saying . 
  that being said we were 16 when that happened , who did n't say stupid shit when they were 16 ? 
  the problem with these 2nd of 3rd generation immigrants is they do n't really have a country , when they go back to the `` bled '' , they do n't belong , most of them can bearly speak basic arabic , but at the same time they do n't really feel french . 
  the problem is when some of them do n't try to integrate and grow to hate the country that gives them a chance instead . 
  algeria is n't as bad as isis , it 's just really shitty and corrupt . 
  i 've had classmates of algerian descent say `` we 're gon na fuck france '' to my face . 
  so it would n't surprise me if that were true . 
  there 's a bit of provocation in that , they feel rejected , so they say stupid things . 
  sadly some of them mean it .
