  i think more centre-left parties would be quite successful if they decided to tone down on the eu support . 
  but they 're not gon na do that : /, 
  actually i saw a map of europe on this sub , showing which country was most supportive of the eu . 
  poland came out in the top tier . 
  but then you elected a sovereignist party . 
  yeah when you 're polish i understand it does . 
  for the british or us frenchies the idea gets more appealing by the day . 
  i never said i want it completely dismantled , stripped of the `` ever closer union '' bit and kept to a level of integration acceptable by the populations . 
  in that aspect i 'm happy with what cameron is trying to do with renegotiating the treaties . 
  the leaving schengen part would n't be too difficult for france , it 's the euro bit that 'd be problematic . 
  i know full well it 's never going to get back to the original founders . 
  i never said it would . 
  that 's why i think france should leave schengen and the euro . 
  does that sound like a dream to you ? 
  great to hear . 
  i guess because of the language similarities , i assumed you would feel closer to germany . 
  but that 's just my ignorance speaking . 
  the danes are cool too , how would you feel about including danemark in the new union ? 
  that would be neat . 
  i had no idea there was people in the netherlands who feel they have more common ground with us than germany . 
  litva is my favourite , but it sounds too much like latvia . 
  i propose lita . 
  of course it 's not . 
  but if someone ask me i give them an answer . 
  people have spent their entire lives thinking about this , chomsky for instance , and that 's just a few of the proposals that caught my attention . 
  obviously it would be enormously difficult to achieve in real life . 
  but if the us and a handful of other countries spent their money in that direction instead of putting trillions ( between 4 and 6 [ according to time ] ( http://time.com/3651697/afghanistan-war-cost/ ) ) in occupying afghanistan and iraq for no reason , there 's a chance the results would be better . 
   france was for a much tighter union , in particular wanted a serious fiscal union , i do n't know where you get that from . 
  de gaulle was strongly sovereignist , always advocated for a europe of nations and warned against integrated europe . 
  he called it `` the thingy '' . 
   both visions of europe have always clashed . 
  clash is definitely too strong here . 
  if two countries ever tried to compromise for the good of the eu it 's france and germany . 
  i do n't agree with you on the diagnosis . 
  it grew wrong because the peoples of europe would never want to give away sovereignty if they did n't have to . 
  and the founding fathers knew this . 
  so they applied the `` monnet method '' , grow where you can , knowing it 's wrong and is gon na provoke a crisis . 
  the solution will then be more integration to fix the problem . 
  and so on and so on . 
  it 's really clever and efficient , but not democratic . 
  my point is default has been a thing for as long as borrowing and lending has been a thing . 
  you lend money to iceland against interest , they do n't pay it back . 
  it 's happened before and it 'll happen again . 
  as a matter of fact the uk defaulted on its soverign debt quite often :  united kingdom ( 1822 , 1834 , 1888 -- 89 , 1932 [ 26 ] ) [ 20 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sovereign_default#examples_of_sovereign_default i do n't see you whining about that . 
  you brought up the :  your comments go against the notion of open borders for financial services within the eu . 
  when we were talking about iceland . 
  redraw the stupid straight borders france and britain put everywhere for new ones that take the populations into account would be a good start . 
  have some knowledge of the local culture before bombing anything that moves . 
  and build some trust with the populations through cultural exchanges . 
  generally leaving people be as much as possible . 
  support and protect people promoting democracy in oppressive regimes too but in a more sublte way than giving them tanks . 
  i would n't say the views of france and germany clashed . 
  our government and president have supported merkel during the whole thing and still do . 
  that 's the franco-german friendship at work . 
  on the other hand the views of the french people , there we have clashing ideas with the germans on the matter . 
  but now that i think of it , the dutch are also very much pro-immigration . 
  so it would probably be better to leave all together . 
  28 countries are unmanageable . 
  the eu members are moving at more and more diverging paces , even merkel is ready to make big concessions to the uk to slow down and reverse integration now . 
  i think the days of enlargement and deeper integration are over . 
  borders are being closed . 
  sovereignist parties are on the rise everywhere . 
  edit : to clarify , i mean leave the schengen area and the eurozone . 
  some other europeans projects are working really well like erasmus or airbus . 
  that worked out real well with irak , did n't it ? 
  oh wait , that 's why we 've got isis now ... 
   v4 is commonly used for visegrad 4 countries ( poland , czech republic , slovakia and hungary ) . 
  cheers . 
  it 'd be a lot easier to coordinate though . 
  finding an agreement between 5 countries with similar views and values seems possible . 
  on the other hand , making the germans and the poles agree on anything ... leave alone 28 nations . 
   at least nothing countries are willing to use or do . 
  some countries are n't . 
  but that 's because these countries know the migrants wo n't stay on their soil . 
  so why risking looking like `` the bad guy '' state when you can let them pass to the next country instead ? 
  also my solution implies that the german government is n't the one calling in the immigrants . 
  iceland is n't , and never was in the eu . 
  that was my first thought . 
  but did n't want to purely wipe the idea of some european cooperation completely . 
  i 'm in favour of tight european cooperation , just not `` ever closer union '' , nor of an entity that would go as far as turkey or ukraine . 
   this is exactly what v4 is asking for . 
  germany is opposing . 
  can you tell me more about dublin v4 ? 
  i 'm not aware of the content of the proposal . 
   eu did n't shrink the borders  - they are as far away as they were . 
  perhaps i was unclear ? 
  i meant the border of the schengen area . 
  if it were only france germany and benelux countries , i would say the border of the area would be a lot further from libya and turkey than with greece and italy in said area . 
  no worries . 
  by having actual efficient control on the outer border of the area . 
  the borders would also be much further from where the immigrants come from , namely libya and turkey . 
  i did n't . 
   the problem is that this chaos exists because we do n't have common outer border protection and common migration and asylum policies . 
  that 's one way to look at it . 
  i say this chaos exists because we let too many countries join the eu and be part of schengen . 
  with the original members we would n't have that problem : belgium france germany luxembourg netherlands, 
   why should it be the depositors or the countries they happen to reside in instead of the government that promised to insure their deposits and completely mismanaged its insurance fund . 
  because of international laws . 
  a sovereign state is master on its land . 
  the government has no money , it would have been the icelandic taxpayer paying the bill .
