  on paper your ideas look great . 
  there is a reason why americans have always been very much in favour of the eu , a reason why obama called merkel and asked her to sort this crisis out . 
  a federation of europe , or us of europe would be america 's pet . 
  common policies in such a vast and diverse place , furthermore decided by consensus , will always be a compromise . 
  preventing any bold ideas to be implemented . 
  you are wrong in saying that : '' ? 
  european countries , both east and west , have been following someone else 's lead for since the days of wwii . '', 
  france kicked out american soldiers in the 60 's to regain its independance , did n't follow the usa in the iraki mess . 
  we could n't have done that if we had had to agree with our european partners . 
  bottom line is , i do n't want to put my county 's fate in the hands of the citizens of all european citizens . 
  cooperation is fine , but i do n't want to end nation states . 
  they are far from perfect , but this new entity would be too big for my liking , and so far the eu has been more protective of corporation that workers rights , i do n't see why that would change . 
  i 'm not bothered about the rest of the world to be honnest . 
  i 'm just saying france is really left wing within the eu . 
  having lived for extensive periods of time in both france and the uk , i can tell you the practical differences are quite big regarding labour law , fiscal system , student fees ... 
  the difference with the us is probably bigger . 
  but france would still have to make big concessions on its model for the sake of harmonisation . 
  you can present it whichever way you like it , the result will still be a huge loss of sovereignty . 
  and people like their countries . 
  the european people ca n't be created out of thin air . 
  i ca n't see any actual reason why people would want full integration . 
  sod that . 
  rhetorical question but i 'll answer anyway . 
  fuck no we do n't want this . 
  you can add ireland to the list of countries who rejected a more intergrated eu . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  france has been fooling itself and its citizens in saying europe could be a way to protect workers and people . 
  the truth is we have one of the most protective country in the world and more integration would mean retiring later , more flexible labour law and so on , to get closer to the european average level . 
  people will not have it . 
  look at the results of the referundums in 2005 and 2008 . 
  or i misunderstood your point . 
  very interesting to know arabic dialects do n't have a written form . 
  til . 
   dialects do n't have written forms . 
  i 'm not a linguist but that sounds like a false statement . 
  all it takes for a dialect to have a written form is for people to write it . 
  it might not be as formalised , with an acad\u00e9mie and all but i do n't see why you could n't write a dialect , and people actually do . 
  people write creole french , limousin , scouse , brummie , and all sorts of dialects just fine . 
   merkel and davuto\u011flu discussed a one-to-one arrangement for handling migrants : for each syrian migrant now in the eu that turkey will take back , europe will relocate or resettle one syrian now in turkey . 
  what 's the point ? 
   seeing as the vast majority of europeans are consistently voting for parties who are very committed to post-lisbon eu . 
  i think you are misinterpreting those votes . 
  people are voting for the well established parties in their countries , of which most if not all are pro eu . 
  that does n't mean people are pro-eu , that means all the parties seen as credible are pro-eu . 
  in france 55 % voted against the european constitution , it was latter passed as the lisbon treaty . 
  what alternatives do voters have when they are betrayed in such a blatant fashion ? 
  it makes me sad that because all traditional parties do n't want to hear a large part of the electorate on eu and immigration , they have to vote for far-right parties to be heard . 
  lepen will be worst than the ones we have now , but people are just sick of not being heard . 
  a utopia where everyone speaks in an american accent ? 
  you did a good job , thanks for the polish history lesson  the difference is an important one indeed . 
  i did n't realise actually . 
  thanks for the info . 
  i just remembered that you had a governement in exile too so i assumed the situations were similar . 
  forgot that the germans hated you more than they hated us , and full on annexed poland . 
  my bad . 
   and germans invaded through there ... again . 
  french and british military leaders did see it coming . 
  it was the plan to force the germans to go through belgium and fight them there . 
  what they did not see coming is german tanks being able to go through the ardennes forest and spilt our forces into two , thus the quick defeat . 
  why would this make them not a puppet governement ? 
  you had a puppet state in place too as far as i know . 
  there was also the exiled governement in london led by de gaulle , just like you guys . 
   france was obliged to invade germany when we founght most of their army and they did nothing which was plain stupid . 
  ca n't argue with that really . 
  we should have kicked the german 's asses as soon as they started to rearm . 
  but we stupidly tried to prevent the war because of the strong memory of the horrors of ww1 , as did the brits . 
  ww1 was supposed to be `` the last of the last '' , someone forgot to send the memo to a certain ` stached austrian guy . 
  yeah that 's bullshit . 
  french fries are considered french around the world , they still originate from belgium . 
  a wildly accepted misconception does n't make a truth . 
  this is a lie . 
  fondue and raclette are just as traditional in savoy as they are in switzerland . 
  savoy being a part of modern france , those dishes are french and swiss . 
  raclette is also french !, 
  you heretic . 
  absolutely not . 
  migrants should be treated with decency , but at the same time the message should be put accross that they should n't out stay their welcome . 
  they are not refugees , they 've crossed a sage country before arriving to greece . 
   but after they 've already come , so when it 's actually too late to stop them . 
  it would be more of a pr operation . 
  migrants communicate a lot on social media when they arrive in a country . 
  the greeks need to get the word out that they wo n't put up with millions of people storming on their shore . 
  it 's an attack on the root cause because the migrants think when they get to europe , free housing and good jobs are waiting for them . 
  we should make it clear that it 's not the case to stop the appeal . 
   nato launches naval patrols to return migrants to turkey . 
  you know that 's not happening , right ? 
  they sent the boats with that official mission , but you ca n't force turkey to take people they do n't agree to . 
  from your article :  germany 's defence minister , ursula von der leyen , had already indicated she favoured a far more robust approach and had secured ** ankara 's permission to send some refugees ** back to turkey , as i said above , this strategy relies on turkey accepting migrants back , and they wo n't accept a million people back . 
   do you want me to continue ? 
  continue all you want . 
  ultimately it 's your country , your territory which you have sovereignty over . 
  you decided to tie your own hands financially by wanting to stay inside the eurozone . 
  it 's pretty nice for the natives . 
  how nice it is for the migrants entirely depends on how greece decides to treat them . 
  neither of these things are happening . 
  ever . 
  a ) turkey would have to accept migrants back on their land , you ca n't force them . 
  b ) not happening , even the germans are cheering when migrant camps burn these days . 
  mass redistribution on countries that never agreed to it ( you actually agreed to keep any migrants on your soil with the dublin regulations ) would rise contestation that european leaders are not ready to face , even those willing to , like hollande are afraid they 're gon na be making the bed for le pen and he equivalents . 
  if you want the problem solved , you 're gon na have to take matters into your own hands .
