  france , the uk and germany are secondary powers , who still think as themselves as major powers for the first two , but it 's not true anymore . 
  the benelux countries do punch far above their weight , but they are tiny tini countries . 
  even though the points you listed are true , the benelux countries are severely lacking in other area such as military power , cultural influence , diaspora ect ...  the disproportionate amount of influence it wields accordingly . 
  for instance ? 
  i ca n't remember a time when the benelux countries have reshaped the face of the earth by themselves . 
  edit : i know amesterdam and bruges used to be major centres in their day , but that was a long , long time ago . 
   the french hate/love the brits but do n't care about germans . 
  ftfy, 
  everything is relative . 
  the benelux is n't a country , it 's only a union that concerns internal affairs , justice and economical cooperation . 
  even as a whole , the benelux is n't a big player in the world or in the eu . 
  it ca n't be ignored in the eu , but it 's not a strong force that drives it . 
  it 's like if you said luxembourg is part of the eu , therefore it matters in the world . 
  not really , they 're only a tiny portion of the entity and there 's only half a million of them . 
   it 'll take a while before this is changed . 
  eternity is a while indeed . 
  as long as there will be a possibility for companies to influence regulations in their own interest , they will . 
  it 's our collective duty to make sure the law making process is transparent so this problem can be fixed . 
  i know there is . 
  sorry i was n't clear . 
  each state still gets a lot of freedom though . 
  each state can choose its vat rate ; and there is delaware . 
  to tackle tax-havens in the eu , we 'd have to have eu institutions that constrain each member state , more so than the us federal government . 
  i do n't know why people are downvoting you . 
  you 're completely right . 
  even american states have the right to decide their tax levels . 
  the eu would have more power than the usa federal government if they had a say in the level of tax each of us pays ... 
  the benelux matters . 
  luxembourg does not . 
   but it 'll be more mourned then if e.g. 
  france leaves . 
  come on . 
  there are two countries that matter in the eu and it 's france and germany . 
  the benelux is important too . 
  but not luxembourg alone . 
  obviously my solution is inapplicable because belgium and the netherlands would stand by them . 
  i 'm just pissed off at people who justify their country screwing the rest of us . 
  it 's not ok . 
  and how do i feel about liliane bettecourt , france 's richest person , paying 9 % of income tax ? 
  disguisted . 
  ireland is n't the most vertuous country on the matter either . 
   stop crying already , this is just how the union works . 
  why would i want france to be part of such a union ? 
  i 'm not saying it would be perfect if we left . 
  it bloody would n't . 
  but the kind of politics i want to see implemented are straight up impossible if we 're bound by eu treaties and the unanimity rule . 
   grow up . 
  keep your patronising comments to youself , would you ? 
  i think we are completely determined following spinoza 's reflexion . 
  but that 's slightly out of topic . 
   being proud of your nation because somebody else did the work reminds me a bit of sports fun who claim `` they '' won a title , despite their asses were on a couch all game . 
  we should be careful with national pride ; and your argument is mostly valid but i feel a bit of pride can also do good . 
  i would n't go that far in denying the importance of the environment in one 's achievement . 
  i would even say it 's the main factor . 
  france and poland both have significant claims since she grew up in poland but got her degree and made all her significant work in france ( reading her wikip\u00e9dia page , she was denied a place at krakow 's university because she was a woman , bad move guys ) . 
  that being said it 's silly indeed . 
  to stay in the eu and compete with benelux countries fo who 's tax dodging companies best friend ? 
  thanks for the input . 
  i did n't think any frenchman would be stupid enough to deny she was also polish , especially a scholar ... 
  excellent article , although a bit long . 
  tl ; dr : the benelux countries screwed other eu members by stealing tax revenues from them , the eu institutions went through a lot of trouble to keep that a secret . 
   although most representatives from germany , france , italy , austria and portugal were critical of the patent box model , luxembourg had little to worry about . 
  although the body reached the conclusion that luxembourg 's tax regime is `` potentially damaging '' for its neighbors , the benelux countries were easily able to block a related resolution . 
  `` ndl , lux and bel ( belgium ) all decisively argued against a further discussion of this area , '' the frustrated german group member cabled to berlin after the april 2012 meeting . 
  `` we were unable to reach agreement . '', 
   first , the european council stonewalled and then the european commission delivered documents in which important sections had been redacted . 
  despite all the blacked out passages , giegold was forbidden from bringing his mobile phone into the room in one of the commission 's buildings in brussels where he was allowed to view a few of the documents . 
  officials allowed him to take notes using a pencil and paper , but they did n't let him take his notes with him when he left the building . 
  she also took french nationality when nothing forced her to do so . 
  my mum uses her maiden name - marital name exactly the same way . 
  does n't mean marie curie-sk\u0142odowska or sk\u0142odowska-curie did n't consider herself french . 
   she never denounced her polish nationality . 
  why would she have done that ? 
  you 'd have to have serious hatred towards to country of birth to do that . 
  no sensible french person denies she was polish . 
  yet a lot of polish people wo n't admit she was also french . 
  you guys need to chill . 
  we all learn in school she was polish , that she named polonium because she loved poland . 
  but she was also french as she chose to become french . 
  i do n't see how the two are conflicting . 
  i had this exact same argument with another polish person not so long ago on this sub . 
  you people need to get used to the concept of dual citizenship . 
  seems like a sensible approach . 
  let people know what to expect on arrival , instead of letting people smugglers give them false hopes . 
  i think members of the eu should do this too . 
   polonium was named after poland . 
  as maria curie-sk\u0142odowska was polish . 
  not french . 
  not this again ... 
  people who praise the icelandic governement do it because it put the bankers who allowed that to happen in jail and made the interest of their people prevail over the ones of foreign inverstors . 
  that being said it 's entirely true that before the crisis iceland fucked up big time by deregulating the financial sector way too much . 
  and i understand people are pissed off to have lost their money . 
  who would n't be . 
   in the other , they are told they are not taking a risk when the sign up . 
  if there was a flaw it 's definitely here . 
  the uk government should have made a law to force uk banks to inform the little guys they were taking a risk , and the nature of the risk , before they made them sign the papers . 
  thank you for pointing it out !, 
  this historical moment seems really intersting . 
  sadly it seems `` moderate '' parties are pro-eu no matter what people want . 
  it 's really sad that this disaffection for the eu is pushing people towards far right parties .
