  not trying , being funny anyway . 
   to make people stateless is contrary to international law . 
  a convention is binding only if you sign it . 
  most countries did n't sign the convention on statelessness , [ here is a map ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:convention_on_the_reduction_of_statelessness.png ) . 
  so what you 're saying is you 'd rather speak to a nice person instead of an idiot ? 
  i 'm under the impression that 's true for most people . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  i just do n't like it . 
  german people are so socially awkward it makes me sad . 
  they try to get people to like them and fail miserably . 
  litteraly every time i 've been abroad with a german person , they get associated with hitler or the nazis . 
  the best thing that could happen to them is getting rid of the nazi guilt , but the rest of the world need to let it go too . 
  that 's the thing with scandinavian people , they speak with an american accent when the uk is right there . 
  does my head in . 
  luxembourg is n't even a real country . 
  belgium territories should go where they belong , france and the netherlands . 
  you know even today people steal cement , concrete blocks and tiling , at least in france . 
  my parents got some stolen , most likely by the builders . 
  if there 's some extra building materials left that the building company made you pay for , the workers will take it without asking . 
  do that on a few construction sites and they can build a house of their own for nothing , and sell it for a huge profit . 
  they could also be honest and buy it , but some think it 's ok to take the leftovers that do n't belong to them . 
  it 's `` common knowledge '' , not a single occurrence . 
  shooting someone and not giving up all your possessions . 
  same level of evil , really ? 
  you 're probably right about the negotiations . 
  the only clear demand he dared to make was rejected by angela ; no difference in rights between citizens of eu member states . 
  so they 're already over . 
  if you mean federalism i do n't think we 're headed in that direction . 
  if anything it will be more patchwork . 
  we all knew cameron was never going to campaign to leave , no matter the results of his negotiations . 
  by making it so obvious he ruined his chances of getting a good deal for the uk . 
  there is n't going to be a cap on eu migration or in work benefits for eu residents . 
  et si les unit\u00e9s de combat leur sont ouvertes , elles constituent moins de 2 % des troupes no women in the ffl , and they make up less than 2 % of fighting units . 
  it 's fine to have women in the army , when it comes to combat i 'm not so sure . 
   do you truly place no value to the sanctity of a persons home ? 
  do you truly believe that the framing for this argument should be `` flat screen < life '' rather than `` stealing from someone causes more pain than the loss of property '' ? 
  i do place value in the sanctity of a persons home , that value is just much smaller that the one of a human life . 
  killing a human being is a much greater crime than burglary here , and i agree with that set of value . 
  i 've been robbed several times , my parent 's house has been broken into , my grand parent 's house has been broken into when they were sleeping upstairs . 
  the trauma is here for a time , and then it goes away . 
  you kill someone , he 's not getting his life back after a while . 
  i 'm not minimizing shit , the trauma is real , it 's still not good enough a reason to shoot someone . 
  life     any proprety that 's my view , you 're free to disagree . 
  burglars should be arrested and put in jail . 
  not fucking shot by some crazy fool . 
   thief 's live < my life of course i agree with this . 
  if your life is in danger defend yourself . 
  but shoot a guy in the back because he 's stealing some crops in your garden or your bike and call it ok ? 
  that 's taking the piss . 
  your life is n't in danger everytime , probably more common in the us with all the guns you have . 
  but here in france most thieves are childs from eastern europe who operate in gangs lead by their parents because minors get reduced sentences and they 're good at sneaking into houses . 
  would you be ok with killing an unarmed kid just because he broke in your house ? 
  i 'm not saying never defend yourself , i 'm saying proportioned and appropriate response should be encouraged . 
  of course if the guy is making threats with a knife in his hands he needs to be neutralized . 
  but apply some common sense before pulling the trigger . 
  jesus `` said '' everything and its contrary , so much so that he inspired mother theresa and the inquisition . 
  yet even he says killing a thief during the day when you 're clearly not threatened is murder , interesting . 
  and that was 2000 years ago , i think we can apply that rule 24/7 now since we invented the electric bulb in the meantime . 
  i do n't see the link here . 
  rob someone = get shot ? 
  how about the saudi way ? 
  chop off one hand , both ? 
  this is just as retarded and barbaric . 
   grown a disdain for their fellow man how is saying that you should not kill people growing disdain for your fellow man ? 
  i think shooting someone for the petty reason of stealing your stuff shows a worrisome lack of empathy and a disdain for your fellow man 's most basic right , the right to live . 
  i 'm surprised a nation that prides itself of being christian has so little regard for human life . 
  yes the 8th commandement says you should not steal , but the 6th says you should not kill . 
  when did being responsible for your action start meaning you get shot without warning ? 
  you know , instead of destroying it he could have parked in a way that prevented them to escape , or dug a nice hole around it with his machine . 
  then waiting for the police because they 'd have no mean to escape . 
  but he did n't want justice , he was angry and took vengeance upon himself . 
  that 's illegal and rightly so . 
  two bads do n't make up one good . 
  my argumentation will be much simplier that yours : do n't kill people . 
  unless your life or someone else 's life is in immediate danger , there is no good reason to pull the trigger in my opinion . 
  i understand you see things differently and that 's fair enough . 
  this is the kind of attitude that makes us want to leave the eu . 
  fuck you and your neoliberal reforms . 
  we do n't want to live like the germans . 
  it was in the middle of sefton park in liverpool . 
  said cctv vehicule on every side of the van . 
  it was at twilight . 
  still creeps me out . 
  and i would make fun of retarded texans again . 
  shooting somebody for trying to steal you stuff is plain barbaric behaviour . 
  is n't a human life worth more than your fucking flat screen ? 
  if the guy is n't threatening you or you family , take a nice video of him doing it and let the police catch him . 
  if the police does n't catch him your insurance will reimburse the value of the shit that was stolen to you . 
  source : i 've been robbed ( was n't in the house ) , the insurance reimbursed my shit . 
  you 're right to say most cctv camera are privately owned . 
  the police cctv vehicles creep me out though . 
  you also see them used a lot more than in france , when pictures of suspects are published in the papers thanks to them for instance . 
  we do n't have that here . 
  but again that does n't mean cctv systems are centralised . 
  you also see them more on uk roads . 
  how do you lose track of 10,000 people on an island with fucking cctv everywhere ? 
  simple , you do n't look for them :  efforts to trace them are considered `` a drain on resources '' , the official immigration watchdog has revealed . 
  of course russian oligarchs are a very small demographic , but they spend buck loads of money in france . 
  at least it 's the image we have of russian tourists , i 'd put them in the same category as saudi tourists . 
   russian tourists are generally not terribly affluent what ?
