   there exists a very disgusting colonial mentality in france in regard to the status of national minorities . 
  in france we see it as a good thing to have a united demos , anyone can be french , adopt our culture , our values , fight for your country , and there you are . 
  we do n't have the class system as in the uk where you 're looked down upon depending on your accent or your lack of nobesse titles . 
  do your work , go to free university and serve your country . 
  that 's the republican ideal . 
  of course in practise things are n't so beautiful but i love that ideal . 
  you calling it disgusting hurts my feeling . 
  so mind your own business . 
  modern france is founded by the myth of one people rising against oppression and monarchy . 
  if some parts of france want to be independant , we 'd let them . 
  but the vast majority of people in brittany and corsica for example , are more than happy to be part of france and what it represents , universalism . 
  edit : deleted the offensive first sentence . 
  sorry to anyone offended , i should take the time to calm down before posting . 
  edit 2 : tl ; dr france = assimilation , anglo-saxons = multiculturalism, 
  what about a maritime blocus ? 
  in this case paris is 12 millions inhabitants , which make a lot more sense i agree . 
  really ? 
  was it towards london ? 
  i 've done the trip from france to the uk a good dozen times , never had to wait more that 10 min at the passport control point . 
  but i never flew to london , smaller aiports like manchester , liverpool , belfast and edinburgh . 
  when you fly to the uk , the passeport control take 10 minutes maximum and they 're not part of schengen . 
  how does schengen speed up the process ? 
  the fact remains that as things are , the uk law has to be consistent with any existing eu law . 
  if it is n't , the eu law prevails . 
  that sounds a lot like if eu law were superior to uk law , at least in practise , does n't it ? 
   in the uk under our constitution parliament is sovereign and uk courts would be compelled to consider uk statute above international law in the event that there were a conflict . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's wrong . 
   the effect of section 2 is that european law must be considered to be a valid and binding source of uk law . 
  where european law exists on a particular subject ( at least if set out in the treaties or in regulations ) , it can override any inconsistent uk law - including acts of parliament . 
  in this way the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty is compromised . 
  this is best illustrated by the case of the spanish fishing vessels - the factortame cases - factortame v. sec . 
  of state for transport ( no. 1 ) [ 1989 ] 2 w.l.r. 
  997 ( hl ) ; 1990 the times 20 june ( e.c.j. 
  ) ; ( no. 2 ) [ 1990 ] 3 w.l.r. 
  818 ( h.l. 
  ) ; [ 1991 ] 3 all e.r. 
  769 . http://www.leeds.ac.uk/law/hamlyn/european.htm, 
  absolutely . 
   so the choice for germany is : another million people via the balkan route in 2016 , or ~ 70 % of the 500,000 that will be resettled . 
  you seem to forget that most european countries are n't part of `` the coalition of the willing '' and most immigrants only want to go to germany or sweden . 
  resettling is easier said than done in these conditions . 
   fuck european values what is that exactly ? 
  `` european values '' differ so much from one country to the next , the concept is so blurry that it is useless . 
  i know about french values , and even those are subject to interpretation . 
  it 's not the eu that says international treaties are higher in the hierarchy of laws , it 's a well established principle in international law . 
  what we call eu constitution really is n't a constitution , just a bunch of international treaties , therefore superior to national laws . 
  yeah but people actually live in st-pierre . 
  no one would disturb them in the jungle or on clipperton . 
  french guiana , or clipperton island . 
  they 'd still be on french soil , they can have their caliphate there . 
  upvote for la haine reference . 
  is it really a good idea to have no one in charge of the ecb ? 
  monetary policy , sorry for being an obnoxious twat but it 's in the name . 
  if you do n't have any control over your currency it 's like cuting yourself an arm . 
  you ca n't have an effective economic policy if you do n't have a coordinated fiscal and monetary policy , with objectives clearly defined by the representatives of the people , and them being accountable in front of the electorate . 
  the current objective of the ecb , which is first and foremost keeping a low inflation , really is n't up to the challenge we are facing . 
   does france really need the euro ? 
  do n't you sometimes look across the channel and think that if the uk seems to survive with the pound , why you could n't have the franc and do fine ? 
  i look over the channel and want to move there . 
  the euro is our politician 's idea so they are n't too keen on quitting . 
  hollande comes from the very pro-eu and euro part of the ps , and sarkozy proved by action he 's very pro eu in 2007 , even if he tries to make people think otherwise . 
  if given a say i hope we 'd pull out . 
  but our constitution is written in a way that makes sure we do n't get a say on anything that matters . 
   in my view if you do not have their full consent , you are just creating some new problems . 
  probably , but the `` trauma '' of 2005 is very present in the establishment , i do n't think they would risk it . 
  although the rise of le pen could force the main parties to change their stance , like ukip forced the tories to give you a referendum . 
   surely france would need a referendum to do this ? 
  constitutional law is n't my speciality , but considering the 2005 eu consitution referendum and the following lisbon treaty , i 'm positive a vote by the higher and lower assemblies in a congress would be enough to do virtually anything . 
  if you had asked me before i listened to picketty , i was saying `` let 's get out of this mess now '' . 
  but it would be very costly , if there 's a chance to fix the euro it 's probably worth it . 
  the other option of pulling out would have repercussions for a good decade , we ca n't really afford it right now . 
  that being said the germans will probably not agree to this , and then we can cut our losses with a peaceful mind . 
  at least we 'd have tried . 
  i wholeheartedly agree with you on this one . 
  picketty made hollande realise this fact , and i sincerely hope that , if the germans refuse the idea of a political governance of the euro via a parliament of the eurozone , we pull out . 
  it just does n't make sense to stay in this middle ground situation . 
  that 's actually a good point . 
  another way to create inflation would be the states using the new money to raise public servant wages ( at the very least defreeze them in the case of france ) . 
  spend on infrastructures , fast trains , renewable energies an such . 
  * sigh * the biggest threat to the eurozone economies at the moment is deflation . 
  if we enter a deflationary vicious circle we are f * cked . 
  prudent fiscal policies is the opposite of what we want to do right now . 
  with states being able to borrow at negative rates , why * the fuck * would we not want to invest in our infrastructure and research to help tackle unemployment ? 
  thank god you 're not in charge at the ecb . 
  draghi did too little and too late , that 's why we are in this mess . 
   i say it is relevant . 
  so it is relevant . 
  oh , all right then . 
  ca n't argue with that , can you ? 
  i want the olympics !, 
  avec 44 % et 43 % d'intention de vote ? 
   konrad szymaski , poland 's eu affairs minister , noted the group-of-eight is more or less the same set of countries which are considering the idea of a `` mini-schengen '' - restricting eu free movement to an inner circle . 
  yes please !, 
  go on people , if you want to have your mini schengen and take in millions of unskilled migrants , feel free . 
  but leave the rest of us out of it . 
  you ca n't really rule them out . 
  no one did it in the 90 's in france either . 
  the law was voted in the early 2000 's for a reason . 
  after fukushima ? 
  areva is right there guys .
