  do n't expect other countries to solve it for you , like your solutions suggest . 
  i should have been even more explicit . 
  when i say close the borders , i mean close the land border , close the access to the rest of europe . 
  it 's obvious that they ca n't do anything about the aegean sea ; but if the migrant know they 're gon na be stuck in greece if they enter the country , there would n't be a point in coming in the first place , would there ? 
  what i 'm saying can be said in a very short sentence : make greece unattractive for migrants . 
  if there 's nothing there for them , and at the moment there is the prospect of a passage to germany or a schengen resident permit , they 'll stop coming . 
  yeah i should mention i 'm against federalisation . 
  the united states of europe can fuck off as far as i 'm concerned . 
  there are some good things in the eu tough . 
   let 's go back to the good all times , where petty nationalistic interests were expressed in wars over , i do n't know , the entire freaking history of this continent . 
  that 's just a lie . 
  peace in europe exists thanks to two things : nato , and the atomic bomb . 
  but mainly nato and the american military bases all over the place . 
  there is no need for the rest of it to ensure peace , some things the eu made are really nice , but it should n't be a dogma like it is . 
   this is wrong . 
  coming from syria , even greece is paradise . 
  not if you live in a camp , do n't speak the language . 
  given the opportunities of employment in greece . 
  they 'd be better off staying in turkey . 
  if you close the physical border to exit greece it would mean it 's not a transit country anymore . 
  if you leave schengen it means greek visas and residence permits are n't a ticket to germany anymore . 
  no reason for migrants to go to greece left . 
  i did say ** close its border ** and get out of schengen . 
  if you close the physical border with the balkan countries , and leave schengen . 
  it will mean greek visas do n't give you legal access to germany , and there is no physical access to germany possible . 
  there would be no point for the migrants to go to greece . 
  i see a way out for greece . 
  it would be in greece 's interest to close its border and get out of schengen . 
  if migrants ca n't pass through greece , they wo n't want to apply for asylum there either . 
  so they 'll find another way to go to germany . 
  they 'd still have the freedom of movement like irish or the brits , it 's a win for the greeks . 
  that seems fair enough . 
  who looks at their speedometers anyway ? 
  yeeeaahhh , it was n't . 
  we should make you drive on the right side of the road in order to be allowed to stay . 
  even if we tried to let you win you 'd still fail . 
  what do you mean ? 
  moscow 's is the coolest of the ones i 've been to . 
  no bad smell but still the feeling of being inside a piece of history . 
   what can we do if the good stuff is produced in germany and the cheap stuff comes straight from china ? 
  nothing . 
  just keep doing what you 're doing . 
  everything is fine . 
  for starters you could try some proper food instead of your bloody sausages , or at least buy us some wine to go with it . 
  and dress up people , you 're always dressed like old people on a sunday morning . 
  the italians make nice suits , or if you 're more conservative buy 'em in london . 
  we make good planes in france , buy some rafales , some cruise boats , some warships , i do n't know , anything that 's not cars we 're pretty decent at making . 
  b\u00e9n\u00e9teau build brilliant yatchs . 
  on a more serious note , no one 's asking you to buy your stuff inside the eurozone , but less saving a bit more spending would be beneficial for everyone . 
  it 's fine to export manufactured goods , you 're excellent at it . 
  just spend the damn money instead of piling up the cash . 
  it 's never one party 's fault , but at the moment you de facto hold the reins . 
  so people look at you when shit goes wrong . 
  why do you want influence over something that 's none of your business ? 
  we 're doing the dirty work in calais while you can act as the good guys and give away asylum status like it 's maltesers to those who manage to cross . 
   are there actual , concrete french interests that you feel are n't being addressed ? 
  what specific policies do people here want promoted that they feel were not promoted ? 
  farm subsidies ? 
  the eurozone crisis for starters . 
  the germans got their way with imposing austerity on greece , austerity that will end up costing more because of its devastating effects on their gdp . 
  piketty proposed a eurozone parliament , hollande endorsed the proposition but does n't have the spine to impose it to the germans . 
  and the germans wo n't have it because they know their position would be in the minority if the eurozone was democratically governed . 
  next we 've got the migrants crisis where hollande 's just letting the germans do what they like even though schengen is going down the bin . 
  to be fair to hollande , it 's not entierly his fault , it started way before him . 
  our politicians have been in adoration in front of the german miracle , miracle that consists of lowering employees wages to crush other eurozone countries industry . 
  well , the eu was created to bind france and germany together , to make sure the germans would n't go full retard again and start wwiii . 
  i do n't see the link between keeping the brits out and us supposedly being second best to anyone . 
  the article does n't mention hollande . 
  but it 's so obvious that our influence depends on our leader that it does n't need to . 
  i hated sarkozy but he had the leadership and dynamism to make france 's voice heard on the european stage . 
  it 's hollande 's responsability to stand up to merkel , he 's got allies , but he does fuckall . 
  what a disaster wwi was . 
  in other news , hollande is weak . 
  a lot of people say : `` i did n't expect anything from him , he still managed to disappoint '' . 
  gets truer everyday . 
  it 's interesting to notice that the overall impression than we are becoming germany 's pet reflects in eu institutions . 
   `` the quality of debate between france and germany is severely degraded , '' he said . 
  `` [ german officials ] are rigid on economics , and dialogue is difficult on that front ... if france does n't make an effort to enter the german logic a bit more , i 'm concerned that this dialogue will not improve . '' maybe the germans need to get their head out of their arse . 
  i think you 're out of your mind . 
  a european military ? 
  the franco-german brigade has been a miserable failure for 30 years , and we are supposed to be best mates with them . 
  not a chance it would work at a eu level . 
  we 've got one of the best space launcher in france , why would we want one at the eu level ? 
  as for investing in eastern europe , you 'll catch up by yourselves . 
  the poles will be richer than us in a couple of decades . 
  i do n't know if `` i neither know '' is correct , but man does it sound awful . 
  [ oxford dictionnary ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/racism ) says racism is related to race , surprisingly . 
  nothing to do with nationality . 
  rubbish . 
  it 's just that everyone wants to be in the south of england . 
  loads of room available in scotland and northern ireland . 
   inherited political views . 
  so is thatcher love . 
  this is n't news . 
  some people hate what she represents , i do n't see how you can dismiss that so easily when the other way around is just as true . 
  most people in the uk are in the south of england , so yes , britain as a whole voted for her . 
  but scots and northerners hate her for a reason , they know she fucked them over . 
  exactly , unions are very weak in france these days . 
  remember vividly the parties in liverpool when the old witch died . 
  not everyone in the uk agrees with you it seems .
