  a favourite of mine is `` jambon cru '' crude ham if you fancy trying it . 
   the uk has taken advantage of not being in the euro by adopting totally different fiscal and monetary policy from that which it would have been constrained by were it in the euro . 
  it is therefore hard to say with confidence that it would have thrived inside the euro . 
  thank you . 
  that , exactly that . 
  except a devaluation is much fairer . 
  that way it 's not only working people who take a blow . 
  you say it as if it were everyone in the eurozone investing into icelandic economy . 
  if you invest you know you 're taking a risk . 
  that 's why you are paid interests . 
  the lender bears at least as much responsability when things go wrong as the borrower . 
  i do n't see a problem with that . 
  i do n't see a problem with currency control . 
  it was necessary at the time , and will be lifted ( as it has progressively been ) when the situation gets better . 
  germany is thriving precisely because of the euro . 
  the euro is lower that the deutshmark would be , allowing germany to export massively . 
  especially to other eurozone members who artificially benefit from easier access to credit , to buy what ? 
  german products ... france 's unemployement rate is above 10 % . 
  if we had applied the same policies as iceland we would n't be there with an almost non-existent growth . 
  the tories good politicians ? 
  good at shagging pigs at best . 
  ohhh all right . 
  yeah i miss those . 
  [ there you go . 
  ] ( http://boulangerie-patisserie-ferry.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/10/sandwichs-78.jpg ) the key is the bread . 
  if it ai n't crusty , it ai n't a baguette . 
  [ a close up ] ( http://t0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcqdfiuiloinekzz-xnlgp2el_xtk_uf_honcr39yv12moei9lsugq ), 
  i 'm not in france atm so i do n't . 
  i guess you can find some for 3-3 ,5 too . 
  it really depends where you are and what 's in the sandwich . 
  not much less than luxembourg 's 560,000 . 
  yet they are relevant want it comes to screwing over the rest of the eu . 
  i do n't see how that makes the case irrelevant ? 
  countries who have their own currency like poland , the uk , iceland thrive . 
  when the rest of us in the eurozone ca n't get out of the ditch . 
   crucial reasons for iceland 's recovery were having its own currency , the krona , an independent legislation that gave the government more room to maneuver , and control over the country 's natural resources . 
  finally a politician who attended economics 101 . 
  with no control on monetary policy or financial regulations , governements of the eurozone are about as powerful as my nan . 
   your economy is entirely irrelevant making it much easier to fix i do n't get what you meant here . 
  if you want to sit in a restaurant it 's usually between 10 and 20 euros for a `` normal '' meal . 
  you can get wine too in that price range . 
  5-6 euros for a kebab . 
  4 for a sandwich in a boulangerie ( quality stuff ) . 
  last time i want to england i could n't find the meal deals in tesco or asda anymore !, 
  do they still do it ? 
  two french ideas . 
  kudos to our politicians . 
  it 's right on the atlantic ridge . 
  all the polish folks downvoting you . 
  poland is probably going to be part of the big players in europe at some point . 
  but it very well is n't atm . 
   the core of the language is germanic . 
  what made you think i did n't know that ? 
  what you call fluff i call elevated language . 
   also it 's another glorious victory over the french , but do n't tell them . 
  the victory is due to the american influence , and nothing more . 
  since america got its independance thanks to us , gonne claim it as a french victory . 
  spot on mate . 
  do n't tell the english their language is significant only because americans try to speak it . 
  france is you go with the greatest contributor in terms of number of words . 
  but i 'm not gon na deny english is a language of its own . 
  created by spoken originally by the english people . 
  i do understand that , but to be fair that one is one you . 
  if you had colonized scotland wales and northern ireland properly you could have kept st george 's cross as you flag . 
  i can only recommend to watch `` la haine '' by mathieu kassovitz in that case !, 
  i really enjoy the legal stuff and i think the legal system is a consequence of a society 's values , but it can get boring . 
  you are bringing up the case of a care chase because it probably is the only case where running from the police could be dangerous . 
  in that cas we have the `` refus d'obtemp\u00e9rer '' d\u00e9lit , which applies when a driver refuses to stop when explicitely asked by a police officer . 
  are you sure a car chase even qualifies as [ `` resisting arrest '' ] ( http://legal-dictionary.thefreedictionary.com/resisting+arrest ) ? 
  apparently the notion implies the use of physical force against the officer . 
  again the two legal system are very different from each other and it can get confusing . 
  i 'm no expert and that stuff requires precision to be understood clearly . 
  i wish someone who knows the topic well would come to our help !, 
  i had that movie in mind when commenting . 
  to an extent it is , that sort of thing does n't go away overnight . 
   `` obstruction of a peace officer '' that 's a peculiar expression to refer to a big fella usually keen to pull the trigger . 
   so it seems running from the police is a common occurence in france ? 
  i do n't have any data to back up that statement but it seems reasonable to assume it is . 
  we do n't expect our fellow citizens to be as docile as you do in the anglosphere i suppose . 
  as our cops are n't allowed to shoot someone who is n't threating their lives or to damage a suspect 's vehicule , the risk of endangering the public is arguably reduced . 
  the cops will simply catch the guy later if he runs too fast that time . 
  for fuck 's sake . 
  that 's no reason to forget where english comes from . 
  i 'm just trying to give a thourough description of the situation to a foreigner . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the commonplace violence firemen and policemen have to face in those neighbourhoods is worse than the policemen saying `` tu '' to those young lads . 
  imo both should stop . 
  the police 's attackers should be found and prosecuted . 
  however , as representants of the state they should not disrespect any citizens they are charged to protect , `` tu '' is a small thing but it 's still not acceptable . 
  and before anyone corrects me , i know most french policemen do n't say `` tu '' to those youngsters , our police forces are generally good at their job . 
  in those neighbourhoods the police are not welcome . 
  the kids are used to `` play '' with them . 
  they see their older brothers throwing rock on police cars from high buildings . 
  the police are also acting like cowboys on occasions , disrepecting kids from a difficult background , calling them `` tu '' and such . 
  as a result there is a great distrust between youth from the banlieue and the police . 
  finally the concept of arrest in french law is vastly different from the anglo-saxon one . 
  i 'm not aware that `` resisting arrest '' is a thing here . 
  you can be charged for `` outrage '' which is insulting or disrespecting a representant of the law , or violence against them . 
  but running when you think you 're gon na be arrested does n't constitute an offense . 
  of course it does n't look good in the eye of the judge , but there is n't that much more you can expect as far as consequences go . 
  anyone more used to the french legal system than i am , feel free to correct the above if incorrect .
