   shit . 
  that 's war ... 
  seriously . 
  not really . 
  with no troops fighting daech on the ground it 's just high security measures . 
  still less security than monaco or switzerland . 
  definitely a bargain . 
  but if the status quo can not be ended , it will be necessary . 
  one of them had an international arrest warrant to his name . 
  the others were known to our intelligence service and would have raised red flags when they came back on france 's mainland , certainly could n't have walked in with suicide belts and ak 47s . 
  good to see some people realise the euro is hurtful to their economies . 
  they wo n't leave unless there is another crisis , but at least they ask the right question . 
  we say swiss precision because of their watchmakers . 
  at least one of the terrorists , samy amimour , had an international arrest warrant against him . 
  with border checks he could not have entered france so easily . 
  yes . 
  all identified french terrorist were known by our intelligence service . 
  the syrian scumbag was here illegally . 
  true it 's not the same thing . 
  but every terrorist who committed attacks on french soil was known to our intelligence services . 
  there 's about 4000 people with a `` fiche s '' . 
  i suspect when one of them show up at the border , the customs will dismantle their bloody car . 
  currently masters in management and human resources over here . 
  [ found the article in question . 
  ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/twec.12158/full ) you are right , there is an effect :  [ ... ] we showed that labour mobility enhances trade , all else equal . 
  over the whole of europe , this boost in immigration results in hundreds of millions of dollars of increased trade every year . 
  in other words , negligible . 
  probably why i 've it 's not discussed in economics lectures . 
  they do n't even mention time gain for transporting goods , only labour mobility , which would n't be affected since citizens of eu member states could still come work in france for as long as they like . 
  they 'd just lose a few minutes at the border . 
  on the other hand the authors warn about several drawbacks :  immigration might also trigger resentment in migration donor states through ` brain drain ' of educated and talented workers away from feeble domestic markets . 
  the loss of a state 's most productive citizens can adversely affect economic activity in that country , resulting in losses to innovation and international competitiveness . 
  the size and extent of this phenomenon is a topic of considerable research , and questions linger about the magnitude of its actual impact within europe . 
  but to the degree that it does occur , there is reason to suspect that free flows of labour promoted by schengen may fuel backlash among poorer european nations that lag behind in human-capital-intensive jobs . 
  so schengen might be a good thing as a whole for the eu , but a bad thing for its most vulnerable members . 
  even the authors who seem pro-eu question if the economic gain is worth raising widespread opposition to the eu ... 
  either way this is kind of irrelevant . 
  this is a national security issue , providing the economic impact would be negligible , i believe france should follow the will of its people who are in favour of suspending the schengen agreement by a large majority ( about 2 in 3 according to [ this ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/actualite-france/2015/07/09/01016-20150709artfig00288-migrants-les-europeens-veulent-la-fin-de-schengen.php ) poll from last july ) . 
  i assume the numbers are even higher now . 
   all i 'm saying is that it should be obvious for everyone with an economics 101 understanding that border controls make it harder to do business i 've got a degree in economics and business administration and i 've never heard of schengen being a major factor , or a factor at all , for growth . 
  heard a lot about free trade zones and the end of tariffs , never about schengen . 
  do you have anything to backup that claim ? 
  i know what just in time is , i 'm not aware that it 's impossible in the uk though . 
  we 're talking 20-30 minutes delay here ... 
  one of the attackers was stopped by the german police with ak 47 in his car by luck . 
  had there been border controls , the terrorists could not have travelled from belgium to france with their weapons like they did in this case . 
  because she 's far right does n't mean everything she says is wrong and should be rejected . 
  i hope she never gets in power because i know the history of her party , they tried to kill the general de gaulle . 
  they are just saying what people want to get the keys of the country and start a dictatorship like regime . 
  however , she 's got a point when she says schengen and the euro are not only against french interests , they are harmful . 
  you are making an absolute caricature of my opinions . 
  i 've never said there should n't be cooperation . 
  i 'm all in favour of cooperation , economical , cultural , military , but on a state by state basis . 
  where governement can still defend the interest of their people . 
  what the eu want is n't cooperation , it 's integration , they want nations to give up sovereignty permanently , and transfer said sovereignty to supra-national institutions . 
  it 's been said since the beginning of the eu . 
  but the eu project is about making europe the united states of europe . 
  and i 'm not having it . 
  the very ulrich beck you cited as an example is an advocate of the end of nations and pro-federal europe . 
  i say we do n't need a federal europe . 
  we do need cooperation and it exists without the need for eu institutions , take airbus , ariane , the cern , erasmus and so on , they do not require a loss of sovereignty and federalism . 
  as soon as you say `` sovereignty '' , people think you want to turn your country into north korea . 
  of course i 'm not that stupid . 
  i 'm saying globalisation needs to be controlled , and i believe the best entity to do are the ones where a homogeneous political community exist , currently know as nations . 
   restricted borders are still an added difficulty for companies . 
  i 'm not aware that schengen is a big deal for our economy in one way or the other . 
  however , there is a consensus that the euro is hurtful for the french industry . 
  even picketty who is pro-eu says if we keep an independent central bank and the stupid german austerity rule of 3 % deficit , france should leave the eurozone . 
  now we 're talking about a significant difficulties for our economy , greater than losing 20 minutes every time you cross the border . 
  i 'm in disbelief : junker screws us as luxembourg pm , and not only has he got the nerves to stay in office , he thinks he 's got the legitimacy to give lessons to elected heads of states ? 
  i do n't know how long the eu can keep that stance without provoking a shitstorm in the next elections . 
  it is , there 's also a chinese community but these days `` le marais '' is most famous for its gay community . 
  this is the gay-friendly neighbourhood . 
  there could be , some of the terrorists are still on the run . 
   ulrich beck , which discusses the theme quite objectively there is no such thing as objectivity , especially when the discussing politics . 
  more germans are against nation states because they 've seen first hand how dangerous they can be . 
  that does n't mean a supranational parliament and governement would be a good thing . 
  i think the anti-nation movement is actually dangerous , the end of nations would create a vacuum , and the thing that would fill that void would very likely be worse than nations . 
  we can see a very good example with the collapse of the iraqi state and daech . 
  people need something to believe in , and nations are one of those things . 
  the others being religion , ideology such as communism . 
  if i have to pick one it is definitely nations . 
  i 'm not saying people should n't post . 
  i 'm saying we 're going to do what we think is best , regardless of what pro-schengen , pro globalization or anti-nation people will say . 
  that 's your opinion and it 's all very good . 
  you are pro-eu , i 'm a sovereignist . 
  i do n't think there is a point in continuing the discussion as we 're probably not going to agree . 
  i think the eu is weak because too divided . 
  this is war , we need a strong structure to rely on . 
  i think france is the right entity , not the eu . 
   thinking like you 're a nation state island unconnected to everybody else when did i ever say that ? 
  we need to keep the connections with the rest of the world . 
  that does n't mean not having a say in who we let in on our territory . 
  have you been to the uk ? 
  every time you cross their border , you show your id , and you go through . 
  takes just a few minutes . 
  not even every time , i already crossed the tunnel and have n't been controlled . 
  we would have check points again , that 's all . 
  the difference is mainly for citizens of countries outside the eu , they get one visa for schengen , and they have to get another one for the uk . 
  they still get loads of tourists since they are a great place to visit , so are we .
