  they made a decision . 
  i understand you do n't like it but it 's completely legal . 
   the icelandic government knew full well its fund was undercapitalized , but its banks were attracting far more deposits than what is healthy for an economy that size so they looked the other way . 
  people putting their money in iceland had access to this informations too . 
  they still decided to put their money there . 
   given how close french banks were to potential failure i have to assume you consider them unsafe as well ? 
  yes and no . 
  they are unsafe , but since the entire economy relies on them the government would never let them go bankrupt . 
  but take what happened in cyprus , at any given time a government can take extreme decisions . 
   its not like these people were flying to iceland with suitcases full of cash . 
  they deposited their money in branches of a bank in their community . 
  you can get shares at your local branch . 
  that does n't mean they 're a safe investment . 
  no one expected the crisis , but it happened and someone has to pay the bill . 
   but that does not absolve government insurance from insuring their deposits . 
  no insurance scheme is designed to resist a crisis of the magnitude of 2008 . 
  they are designed to face one bank falling , but if they all fall ... 
   given how close french banks were to potential failure i have to assume you consider them unsafe as well ? 
  yes and no . 
  they are unsafe , but since the entire economy relies on them the government would never let them go bankrupt . 
  but take what happened in cyprus , at any given time a government can take extreme decisions . 
   its not like these people were flying to iceland with suitcases full of cash . 
  they deposited their money in branches of a bank in their community . 
  you can get shares at your local branch . 
  that does n't mean they 're a safe investment . 
  no one expected the crisis , but it happened and someone has to pay the bill . 
   but that does not absolve government insurance from insuring their deposits . 
  no insurance scheme is designed to resist a crisis of the magnitude of 2008 . 
  they are designed to face one bank falling , but if they all fall ... 
  ahahah french people lended money to tsarist russia during the 19th century , then the bolcheviks came into power . 
  those people are still asking for their money to this day . 
  about 40 billion in current dollars . 
  when your money is abroad , you have to accept there 's a risk of it not coming back . 
  a very small risk , but sometimes it happens . 
  government insured investment then . 
  what ? 
  why would that be wise ? 
  not my business , but i would advise you against it . 
  soci\u00e9t\u00e9 g\u00e9n\u00e9rale are like any commercial bank . 
  and you are placing your trust in the romanian government . 
  the government most likely to have your interests at heart is probably the one of your own country . 
  you still did n't answer my question tough . 
  that 's why you can do it . 
  but why would you ? 
  that does n't answer my question . 
  i 'm french . 
  why would my money be in bloody iceland if it 's just a bank deposit , which implies i might need to access it quickly , and not on an account domiciled in france ? 
  or in your case , why would the british government put some money in iceland if it 's not to invest it ? 
  why would your bank deposit be outside of your own country ? 
  i do n't get the logic here . 
  you 'd have a currency that would make it a lot easier to export . 
  the euro defense project is a dead end . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade franco-german has been going on for almost 30 years . 
  it 's a huge fiasco and a waste of money . 
  exactly my point . 
  uncontrolled globalization shattered france 's industry . 
  with our own currency and specific trade barriers we would be able to produce goods in this country once again . 
  thank you !, 
  perhaps you should implement a direct democratic model like the swiss ? 
  no one can really answer that , unless they know about another dimension where iceland has joined the eu . 
  but it seems reasonable to think they 're better off that way . 
  i do n't care too much about the companies . 
  what matters for me is the people . 
  if the companies make a bit less money but are forced to raise wages , i 'd be happy . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/iceland/unemployment-rate from 9 % unemployment to 4 % . 
  that 's a success in my book . 
  if you 're expecting to be paid an interest for your `` saving '' it 's investment and there 's risk . 
  now you can try to analyse where your money goes to evaluate the risk , but most people just look at the interest prospect . 
  is the situation really a problem for the average icelandic fellow ? 
  interesting , can you tell us a bit more ? 
  is there a pro-eu adhesion majority in iceland ? 
  i think you could get opt-outs . 
  i do n't think the countries who were wise enough not to join the eurozone will be forced into it now . 
  it looks like there will be two groups inside the eu for a while . 
  that being said i ca n't blame you for wanting out . 
  i was implying that wages are indexed on inflation . 
  the assets they have would also lose value , would n't it ? 
  i would argue that inflation is a good thing . 
  the ones who suffer most from it are the wealth holders . 
  it 's a powerful tool of wealth redistribution . 
  with more inflation the wealth holders ( `` the few '' ) would have to work or invest wisely to see their wealth continue to grow . 
  with no inflation they can just buy treasury bonds and get wealthier on the taxpayer 's money . 
   what is the size of an economy where a single currency does properly apply ? 
  when is an economy too big , as you imply the euro zone is , en when is it too small , like when every street has it 's own currency ? 
  i 'm not implying there is a right size of an economy where a single currency is desirable . 
  that would be plain stupid . 
  i 'm saying a currency is the single most powerful tool in the hands of a governement as far as it can influence the economy . 
  therefore a currency should cover an homogeneous territory . 
  or to be more accurate , a territory where each region agrees to wealth transfer between each other to keep the territory relatively homogeneous economically . 
  i 'm not saying anything new here . 
  economists have been saying that before the euro was created , and keep saying it since . 
  http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/02/25/the-euro-was-a-bad-idea-from-the-start/  europe 's monetary union has been based on bad economics from the start . 
  as german economist rudiger dornbusch wrote in foreign affairs in 1996 , `` if there was ever a bad idea , emu is it . '' the eurozone does not have the features of what economists call an `` optimal currency area . '' according to the standard definition , an optimal currency area is characterized by perfect labor mobility , perfect wage flexibility , and a risk-sharing system , such as fiscal transfers when a region -- or a member country -- is affected by an economic or financial shock . 
  that explains it much better than i do . 
  in short . 
  a common currency without a political integration is plain stupid . 
  but people who made the euro knew this . 
  they wanted to force us into a political union to fix the broken currency . 
  and it might well work . 
  food enthusiats are always welcome in france !,
