  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_tax_levels_in_the_united_states#state_government_tax_collections_.282012.29 ) reading my comment again , what i meant was n't very clear . 
  i meant if the eu was to set rules for its member corporate tax , or income tax , tending towards tax harmonisation , they would have more power than the us federal government . 
  thomas piketty for lobbies in favour of such a harmonisation ;, 
   if europe ever becomes a federal state , it must come about via overwhelming popular demand . 
  i ca n't see that happening . 
  scotland and northern ireland still are n't ovewelming in favour of the uk , and it 's been a while since you 've imposed your cultural domination on those countries . 
  i 'm talking about consumer protection law , which is what is applicable here . 
  you are talking about corporate law where all parties are considered equal . 
  that is not the case with consumer-companies transactions , when the consumer does n't have the capabilities and the knowledge to treat with a company and agree for their contract to be subject to a third country 's law . 
  it does and i hate gradualism . 
  how do you propose to have an ever closer closer union of the peoples if not via their states though ? 
  i know and agree with that , but corporate law is a different thing entirely than privacy law protecting the citizens . 
  it 's not true for criminal law either . 
  can you imagine of the victim of a crime and the perpetrator decided to not use the law of the territory where the crime was committed because they like another one better ? 
  citizens do n't have the means of big corporations to defend themselves and navigate the judiciary system . 
  the law applying to them should stay the national law of their country of residence . 
   because those things are optional extras , nope . 
  you agreed on `` ever closer union '' when you joined too . 
  you just got nice opt-outs because other members wanted to keep you in . 
  http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=uriserv:xy0023  in the preamble , the signatories of the treaty declare that : - determined to lay the foundations of an ever closer union among the peoples of europe , now you want to go back on that part . 
  i do n't see you advocating the uk joining schengen or the eurozone . 
  that 's huge intergeneration steps you refused to take . 
  why would the eu give you the integration you want when you refuse to participate in the integration the other members want ? 
   if the parties want to use french guyanan or maltese law , why not ? 
  malta actually has a good legal system which i personally would trust . 
  law is the emanation of the will of the people . 
  that law can only be applicable on a define territory . 
  what you 're saying here is nonsense . 
  you ca n't just pick and choose what law to abide to when it suits you . 
  that would be anarchy . 
  criminals ? 
  check your facts . 
  that law is there to protect people who have been slandered online , or who have pictures of them they did n't allow to be published . 
  otherwise they would have no mean defend themselves . 
  we have different laws about privacy and i do n't see why they should n't be respected . 
  they have all the rights of european citizens but none of their obligations belgium is raping facebook, 
  because otherwise the eu will make them . 
   forcing companies to spend millions of dollars to follow ridiculous rules from 28 countries i think protecting your citizens privacy is n't ridiculous . 
  and it would cost a dollar to facebook to just stop collecting data , they 'd just have to turn off that particular programme . 
   no , but at least it 's reasonable from the legal point of view . 
  from a legal point of view , belgium 's request seems pretty reasonable too . 
  they 're not asking facebook to stop altogether , just to cut off that shit on belgian citizens . 
  the info is stored on american servers but collected on belgian computers . 
  they could , or they can make them pay big ass fines until they abide by the law as they should . 
  i can only assume you 're deliberately ignoring the possibility to modify the practices depending on the user 's ip . 
  google 's already doing it to respect the french law on privacy for instance , and i 'm pretty sure their base in the eu is also in ireland . 
   no other legal remedies should be available to belgium under no circumstances , unless we want the freedom of the internet destroyed by ridiculous laws around the world . 
  under the patriot act all the content stored on american servers , that includes facebook 's and google 's , is freely accessible by the nsa . 
  talk about liberticide and stupid laws . 
  yet if they 're american that 's ok . [ source ] ( http://cyber.law.harvard.edu/privacy/introduction%20to%20module%20v.htm ) edit : deleted a stupid sentence . 
  the website can have a different version depending on people 's ip , or the japenese governement can block the website that do n't abide by its laws . 
  pretty simple . 
  for instance in the uk thepiratebay and a lot of websites that do n't respect the countries law on copyright are blocked . 
  yet their server is in a different country . 
  seriously though . 
  the amount of surveillance you put up with baffles me every time . 
  get revenues from customers in said country . 
  facebook sell ads in belgium do n't they ? 
  do you work in a german company or an anglo-saxon one ? 
  the level of english proficiency in france is one of the lowest in the eu . 
  i do n't deny it . 
  i still do n't see why french companies should have english as their office language . 
  because you 'd like it better ? 
   facebook had argued it is only subject to privacy laws in ireland , where the u.s. company has its european headquarters -- an argument it has used in other countries , including in germany . 
  that does n't seem right . 
  how can they operate in a country and not have to abide by its laws ? 
  i hope belgium wins this fight and other countries follow . 
  $ 26,900,000 per 100 days though . 
  if other european courts take similar action it could quickly add up to serious money , even for facebook . 
   towards ~ ~ refugees ~ ~ immigrants ftfy i do n't think most people have a problem with real refugees . 
  but when most of them come from safe countries , and they only want to go to the richest countries in the eu , they 're immigrants . 
  they do n't even want to go live in france !, 
  not a chance . 
   office language should be english et pourquoi donc ? 
  may i ask why ? 
  german companies make their foreign workers abroad learn german . 
  from now on all of my posts on this sub are gon na be in both french and english . 
  you 're gon na learn some french whether you like it or not . 
   anyone in any country is always allowed to save their own money for retirement obviously . 
  except in the us the state encourages companies to provide pension plans for their workers and the national pension scheme is just a security net . 
  in france , the overwhelming majority of what a pensioner gets goes through the state , thus why our tax rate is so high . 
  your initinal question was :  are there countries where the pension systems are not funded by taxes on labor or business profit ? 
  the pension system in the us is not primarily founded by taxes . 
   the us national pension system the what ? 
  i googled that to no avail . 
  if you mean [ retirement insurance benefit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/retirement_insurance_benefits ) , it does n't account for the biggest part of pensions that retirees receive . 
  the biggest part comes from private savings put into pension schemes . 
  yup , ` murica . 
   anyway , the whole point is that the benelux is by no means an insignificant player either globally or within the eu ; which is important for the other point , namely that threathening to kick them out of the eu would be a ` lolwut ' moment . 
  you 're right , let 's get back to the original point . 
  i never mentioned kicking out the benelux countries , only threatening to kick out the smallest and less significant of them . 
  neither did i say insignificant , i said not a big player . 
  either way that was a comment made out of disappointement that followed the brit 's comment about joining you as a tax-haven . 
  not a serious , thought-out proposition . 
  it 's obviously not going to happen as not only the bene part of benelux would opposite it , but so would most , if not all , of the other eu members . 
  my thought-out proposition is france should leave the eurozone and the schengen area , in order to implement fairer policies . 
  it would be impossible to stop companies who make their profits in france and bring the money abroad with the current rules . 
  i think we 'd even have to leave the eu altogether in order to do that , but i would prefer to avoid it if possible . 
  it seems we have different definitions of what a big player is . 
  to me there are only two big players in today 's world , the usa and china .
