  the only solution is to close the borders to stop the influx . 
  once they 're in it 's too late . 
  africa is gon na have a population boom , we ca n't have them all come here . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  apart from the falklands i think those are good ideas too . 
  that being said i doubt the british public would agree . 
  hopefully if he gets enough public support he can influence the tories to go easy on the tuition fee and nhs cuts , push them to introduce a real living wage ect ... 
  yup . 
  wwii was really serving the world to the us on a silver platter . 
  if only we had been less stupid and avoided that war ... 
   he 's astoundingly regressive in most of his policies i would argue that defending nhs founding and going back on michael gove 's privatisation of the school system is the good kind of regressive . 
  i did n't say he wanted the uk to be beaten by the germans . 
  he just did n't want to move his arse and get involved to actively help the uk , neither did the american people at the beginning of the war . 
  at the beginning of the war roosevelt did n't provide the 50 ships churchill begged him to send , for fear the uk would fall , so he planned to organise his defence around the us with canada . 
  only when it appeared the uk could surely defend themselves against an invasion did he send the ships . 
  thus he would have let britain fall if they had been overwhelmed on their soil . 
  i 've been waiting for this meme since i posted . 
  thank you !, 
  thanks for the extra info . 
   anyway it all worked out in the end . 
  it worked out only because roosevelt came back on his first intention which was to let britain fall , and stalingrad . 
  i think poland was fucked anyway . 
  there was no way britain and france could have fought off the nazis and the soviets to rescue them . 
  but man poles are still bitter about that stuff . 
  i honestly do n't know if we do . 
  i hope the french president can have a steak when he dines with the indian pm in the presidential palace . 
  when i eat with my vegetarian roomates , they do n't ask me to eat a veggie menu , and i can eat pork with my muslim friends at the table . 
  i ask neither of these groups to eat something their beliefs prevents them to , and everything is well . 
     it usually works the other way around - people in small towns got cars and do n't in bigger cars as the public transport is better in bigger towns and the traffic makes it pointless to use a car that 's exactly what i said , 
  the internet is the only place where i 'd have this sort of argument . 
  the media provides enough distance so people do n't take things personally , at least i hope . 
  if i 'm correct it 's the king of belgium who surrendered , leaving your eastern flank open , we defended the western flank . 
  yet belgium does n't get any shit for this . 
  as for trust , when you stopped providing air support a few weeks later , we had no remaining hope to win , thus had to surrender . 
  lack of trust and coordination between france and britain was probably the main reason the battle of france was lost . 
  side note : the italians did n't win a single battle during ww2 , actually fought with the germans and switched sides when they figured the war was lost , and yet anglos only take the piss out of us . 
  in all seriousness , i absolutely love the uk . 
  arguments are a part of every good love affair . 
  props to everyone who protested at the time . 
  in any democracy , there should be a way to force governments to hold a referendum before attacking a country that 's no threat to your country 's territorial integrity . 
  i 'm glad we had a president who kept his head cool and did n't follow bush into this nasty business . 
  damned , i used to like to blame that one on you people . 
  fair enough , you can blame that one on europe . 
  it did . 
  nothing like a heated argument with a rosbif to put you in good mood for the day !, 
  how about you do some research yourself ? 
  when a british professor at harvard and research fellow at oxford university is asked :  which country is the most successful military power in european history ? 
  and says he says `` france '' , that means something . 
   iraq must have regime change ca n't really blame that one on europe . 
  you do have a point tough , we 're used to get our way i guess . 
   once is different to about 100 times in every war relying on other countries to `` non pls help my baguette is in gun it wont fire '' moron . 
   which country is the most successful military power in european history ? 
  france . 
  according to the historian niall ferguson , of the 125 major european wars fought since 1495 , the french have participated in 50 -- more than austria ( 47 ) and england ( 43 ) . 
  out of 168 battles fought since 387bc , they have won 109 , lost 49 and drawn 10 . 
   the british tend to be rather selective about the battles they remember . 
  every english schoolboy was once able to recite the roll call of our glorious wins at cr\u00e9cy ( 1346 ) , poitiers ( 1356 ) and agincourt ( 1415 ) , but no one 's ever heard of the french victories at patay ( 1429 ) and ( especially ) at castillon ( 1453 ) , where french cannons tore the english apart , winning the hundred years war and confirming france as the most powerful military nation in europe . 
  says the nation who pulled the biggest retreat in history . 
  fled dunkirk with your tail between your legs . 
  remember that bit ? 
  stay hidden on your island and keep pretending the americans give a crap about you . 
  better snails than f * cking beans on toast . 
  savages . 
  fair enough . 
  i would say the saudi get a free pass because the americans put them in power and back them no matter what . 
  i use them to pay my rent . 
  pretty convenient . 
  same as france then . 
  when i said pretty big i meant compared with other countries who stopped using cheques altogether a decade ago like finland . 
  according to [ this article ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/2151881.stm ) in 2009 1 billion transaction were made in the uk though . 
   owning a car . 
  in most eu countries it is unusual to have your own car until you 're with kids ; before then if you need your car your work will either lease you one or pay you extra for your car expenses . 
  you wo n't use your car too much for personal stuff . 
  that 's true for small countries , but in france if you do n't live in a big city like paris or lyon you do need a car . 
  and most students have one . 
  only in france they remain , the rest of the eu does either cash or card . 
  they 're still pretty big in the uk too . 
  i would say let them go , kill them on arrival . 
  problem solved . 
  heard of lee rigby ? 
  are you referring to the beach incident ? 
  who do these people think they are ? 
  coming to our country and telling us we ca n't drink . 
  communication 101 , reasoned arguments do n't work . 
  people follow their emotions , marketing people are the best at exploiting this . 
  a tiny bit of complexity and you lose half the viewers on tv . 
  that 's not going to change . 
  i 'd say it 's getting worse with the smartphones everywhere . 
  no probs , it was really my fault for not being clear . 
   i am not saying this is what you were suggesting , just pointing out a federalized tax structure may still be a long way off in the eu . 
  i agree , what i had in mind would be more like the eu setting boundaries for the level of corporate tax to member states . 
  not directly collecting taxes . 
  that would be a huge step towards political integration tough . 
  for the eurozone members , not having a central bank and being limited on their tax choices would leave them with very few tools to influence their economies . 
  on the bright side it would effectively fix the problem of fiscal dumping inside the eu . 
   american states are not exempt from us federal taxation . 
  did i say they were ? 
  of course they 're not exempt of federal taxation . 
  they still have have a lot of autonomy to decide the tax level in on their territory . 
  [ as you can easily see looking at the data .
