lived in liverpool for years , only thing that was ever stolen from me was a brand new purple bin i forgot to mark . 
  never been to france , have you ? 
  even more so when you consider merkel 's style of leadership . 
  which is wait until the polls tell her what to do . 
  wallonie is part of france , we 'll make it official again next year . 
  the thing is , it 's not a matter of legal possibility , it 's a matter of strength and power , is n't it ? 
  the laws will follow the political will if they have to . 
  otherwise the british empire would still be a thing . 
  yet the usa , india and the likes seem pretty independant to me . 
  i wait until the boulangeries open , at 6 or 7 , and then get a freshly baked pain au raisin . 
  ca n't beat that . 
  it 's not funny , but i laughed . 
  it 's a lot easier when you 're an island . 
  they would get more money being a beggar in london than working legally in poland . 
  i stand corrected , thanks for clearing up that rumour . 
  highest suicide rate in the world in finland . 
  not sure it 's really better when you have to live underground several months per year to avoir the cold either ... france is pretty good , not the best , but pretty good . 
  the tax haven 's got everything figured out . 
  until we decide we do n't need them anymore and make it french territory like de gaule wanted . 
  cork is one of my favourtie places regardless of the weather . 
  when the wheather is nicier people turn into selfish twats . 
  caca in french, 
  can you read british english ? 
  [ http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/mar/17/westminster-child-abuse-paedophile-ring-failure] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2015/mar/17/westminster-child-abuse-paedophile-ring-failure ) mps have done this kind of horrors . 
  get the fuck out of this sub you racist twat . 
  it does but since the vast majority of native speakers are from france , we are n't really exposed to those kind of variations . 
  i had never heard of fran\u00e7ais populaire africain before , or of those structures . 
  i reckon french canadian is the one variation most people know exists , but i could n't tell you of their specific variations apart from the accent . 
  plus we are too serious about grammar , we tend to correct people who do n't `` speak properly '' . 
  thanks for explaining that structure !, 
  it 's mad how differently english is used from one place to the other . 
  genuine question , is that a structure a native would use ? 
  i saw her digging through an overturned trashcan behind a teacher-training school in brussels last week . 
  she walked off with a live rat between her teeth . 
  i think you 're the right kind of person for the job . 
  is bulgaria a cool country ? 
  are you a chelsea fan ? 
  if not i want you as a mod . 
  it has always been truly aligned , with the usa . 
  good riddance . 
  de gaulle was very much against `` l'europe int\u00e9gr\u00e9e '' , he was in favour of `` l'europe des nations '' . 
  get your facts right . 
  i did see the article you quoted . 
  as i had no idea it existed , do you know of a similar case when it had been used to intervene in a unilateral declaration of independence ? 
  i honestly ca n't say how the french government would react . 
  according to friends who live on both french and spanish catalonia , it seems the french part is n't really bothered with independence , but some spaniards seem pretty keen . 
  so we could more or less stay out of it if we wanted to . 
  on the other hand the uk had a similar situation with scotland and i 'm guessing they would be very reluctant to recognise an independent catalonia if there was a way to avoid it . 
  i honestly do n't see why you think nato would have a major importance in this kind of situation . 
  if anything the eu might put a fair amount of pressure on catalonia when the time comes . 
  but nato ( aka the usa ) ? 
  and no offense but i think there are other players who 'd be more interested in the situation other than poland . 
  let 's not forget a part of geographical catalonia is in france , perpignan and the surrounding area . 
  let 's get serious here . 
  spain has the necessary armed forces to occupy catalonia if needed . 
  they would have nothing to gain on a political plan in calling for nato help except make catalans feel more oppressed by an external entity . 
  thus adding fuel to the fire . 
  i realllly do n't see polish soldiers marching on barcelona . 
  i do n't see force being used to solve the matter at all . 
  you sir are being fairly aggressive . 
  thanks for your reply . 
  i hope the war ends soon . 
  would you be in favour of a military intervention from foreign countries ? 
  i used to play footy with a syrian doctor and was surprised to see he was a strong supporter of bachar al-assad . 
  i assume that 's because of ethnicity/branch of islam he followed . 
  what about a partition of the country ? 
  you get put on a benefit programme without having contributed before ? 
  wtf ? 
  good for you but , how can syria dream of getting out of this mess when the war is over it its best and brightest citizens all emigrate ? 
  i think a lot of french people would place georgia on the wrong continent if they were asked to place it on a map . 
  you have a few good rugby players who play in our top 14 . 
  only idiots call it soccer . 
  we won fair and square . 
  if it was n't for that materazzi cunt we would have had two by now . 
  ca n't believe the italians have a better rep than us . 
  the whole south is basically mafiosi . 
  i remember when my country last won the world cup . 
  do you ? 
   no , it ca n't , because the mess is caused by the eurozone being a very bad currency union . 
  amen . 
   i am both german and british as a brit you must know better than anybody else that a union is hard to build and fragile , the uk came pretty close to an end this year . 
  do you reckon it 's feasible to have a lasting solidarity from bulgaria to portugal and from cyprus to sweden ? 
  a common foreign policy would mean sending troops . 
  will people in the former nation states be ok with their kids dying from a decision , they , as a country , did n't agree with ? 
  it 's a great idea and it already works in some areas like airbus or with ariane . 
  but i think we 're at a point the sovereignty required to go further is simply more than what people are willing to give up , specifically in areas you mentioned . 
  but the key imo is the economy , the euro was a [ fuck up ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2014/03/orourke.htm ) and as people are not willing to agree to a federal budget , there can be no fix . 
  it 's the same as optimism , you just accept you 've already lost . 
  it is easier , but there 's simply too much at stake here . 
  i 'm not too sure of what you meant here . 
  what 's at stake ? 
   ps : i do n't think we should ever have a european football team . 
  that would just be unfair to everybody else . 
  true , although world cup celebrations across europe every four years would be fun . 
  you seem to know better than everyone else . 
  how do you explain that from [ a poll made in 2015 ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/politique/2015/05/28/01002-20150528artfig00353-referendum-europeen-dix-ans-apres-les-francais-rediraient-non.php ) , 62 % of french voters would say no again ? 
   a united europe is not the end of cultural groups - it might just be the beginning . 
  this is already in motion . 
  during the scottish and catalan recent pushes for independence , one of the arguments in favour of leaving the uk and spain was that being a member of the eu was enough . 
  i do n't want this happening , in france the independentists have very little support .
