  although france does n't recognize any religion or ethnicity , to the state you 're french and that 's it . 
  i do n't want to have communities asking for speacial treatments because it is n't our tradition and it works fine this way . 
   but this need not be - take the decentralized germany on the other hand . 
  most of the regional culture has been preserved and people have a strong identification with their `` federal state '' . 
  to answer this particular point i rely entirely on todd , i 've heard him say ( [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bkrqkh5pa4a ) sorry it 's in french ) that germany is a very homogeneous country culturally ( he says its structure and values are actually close to japan 's ) , as opposed to france which is diverse , practically split in half between an egalitarian central france and a more conservative one . 
   at a large scale we are not that different . 
  we are not but i think the little differences we have are worth preserving and so do you . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree on whether the nation state is necessary to do it . 
   thank you for pointing me at emmanuel todd , i must admit my knowledge of french philosophers is mostly restricted to the past and not so much the present . 
  i read a bit of him and i did enjoy it . 
  however , i can not pass to mention that the same emmanuel todd is in favor of the european union . 
  i have not read his whole work - but he himself does not seem to see a problem with what you described . 
  this is not meant as a call to authority , but rather as a relativizing comment to put your observation into context . 
  glad you enjoyed some of his stuff . 
  he opposed the maastrischt treaty , campaigned for the no in 2005 and now calls for france to go back to francs . 
  however he does love europe as a continent , but he can see that the ( french ) politicians behind the euro did n't know what they were doing . 
  you are probably familiar with the flaws of the single currency . 
  before it was introduced southerns european countries relied on devaluation to stay competitive and reimburse their debts . 
  i think having an independent european central bank is madness when monetary policies is the most powerful single tool a government has . 
  furthermore i think european economies need a fluctuating exchange rate between national currencies . 
  the german industry is too efficient for the rest of the ez to compete with it , without the protection of a change system it is wrecking other countries industries . 
   but the truth is at the current complexity , you need somebody to explain it to you you seem to imply that there is a universal truth in economic matters . 
  it really is n't that way . 
  even when so called experts agree they might be wrong . 
  do we really want to let them make decisions the majority of the people do n't agree with ? 
  as a matter of fact there was almost a consensus among economists the euro was a bad idea before it was created , the eu and our governments advised by technocrats and experts did it anyway . 
  i found this article written by a professor in economics at oxford that sum up the problems we face . 
  [ article on the imf website ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/fandd/2014/03/orourke.htm ) a working federation of europe would require people to move from a country to another like they move from a region to the us to another in pursuit of jobs . 
  but that 's not happening anytime soon . 
  i think we 'd all best pull out of the euro and cut our losses . 
  if you can recommand thinkers worthy of interest i 'd be happy to read them . 
   i strongly disagree that people are giving up local sovereignty because they feel `` french '' or `` spanish '' or any other nationality . 
  in my opinion they do so , because it is convenient . 
  it surely is convenient , but i do feel there is more than that . 
  forgive me for what i 'm about to say , but i think being german has a paramount importance in your view about the nation state . 
  that 's probably cheap thinking so forgive me again , i think german pride has been so shattered by the actions of the nationalists during wwii that it now sees the nation state as a bad thing . 
  but i do n't think we should throw the baby out with the bathwater . 
  you might have heard of an intellectual called emmanuel todd , he studied the structures of families in the world , the cultures , the way inheritance is handled by society , their values . 
  his researshs show that nation states make sense , in the very structure of families there are differencies between countries . 
  there is a reason why france stayed catholic and germany became protestant . 
  the borders were drawned that way because there is a cultural unity inside them . 
  we have different values . 
  and i think our political models should respect that . 
  we ca n't simply decide that we are just individuals and all we need is a one size fits all country . 
  about the technocrats , i know we need them and they are an easy target . 
  the problem is they claim there know how to run a country , they think they are experts . 
  the truth is not matter how clever they are , they mess up like everyone else , they do n't know if they make the right decisions . 
  no one saw the financial crisis coming , yet they still claim they know better . 
  same thing with the eu , they know people would n't want to be ruled from bruxelles if they were asked , so they do it in sneaky ways , thinking it 's best for us . 
  but the truth is they do n't know . 
  chances are some good and some bad decisions will be made , they might as well be made by the people they will affect . 
   that is my point exactly - your sovereignty in your home town is secured despite the fact that many decisions are not made there . 
  i do n't agree with you here . 
  the sovereignty of my home town is almost non-existent , but its inhabitants are willing to be ruled from the capital by a governement elected by them and their fellow-countrymen because they feel french . 
  they are willing to pay taxes to support poorer regions of the country , to fight in the army should the country be under attack . 
  such solidarity does n't exist in the eu . 
  we just had proof taxpayers of finland , germany , the uk and many other countries are unwilling to pay for the greeks . 
  the eu has little legitimacy in my opinion . 
   the european parliament - directly elected by you an elected entity is n't a guarantee of democracy and respect of the people . 
  it became evident after the elected french parlement adopted the european constitution its people had just rejected in 2005 . 
  so many layers of elected people in such a vast ensemble . 
  the decisions are made by the parties not the people . 
  proof is we can never have a say via a referundum on eu laws . 
  we can only `` propose '' laws to the comission via the european citizens ' initiative and our dear technocrats decide whether they put it to the vote of the ep . 
  my point is : very few are willing to pay taxes or fight for fellow-europeans because we have little in common and we do n't feel a strong bound . 
  creating a powerful supranational entity would go against the will of the people , it would n't be legitimate . 
  i 've got to admit your vision of a european federation is appealing . 
   i disagree . 
  look at the ep - it goes against ttip , it is heavily pro-snowden . 
  the eu can put up a fight with the us in economic matters , and it has already done so - even in ` moral ' areas , such as the death penalty where the eu has consequently blocked any shipment to the us of chemicals that aide in their executions . 
  the ep is often a postive force and i agree with many decisions they 've made . 
  but i still do n't like the fact that they are very far from the people that elected them , emps are n't more accountable for their actions than national mps , less if anything . 
  and what 's at work in the ep are parties , schemes and lobbying . 
   still it had to bow to us demands during suez , needed to call on the americans in indochina and is now a member of nato . 
  we called on them , they let us die in dien bien phu . 
  the us supported the end of the old european empires . 
  we were always a member of nato , we had just left the integrated military command structure . 
   nobody has to . 
  again , a federation is just a type of governmental structure . 
  it does not by any means tell you how strong the central government is . 
  which is your concern - how much can brussels decide . 
  what i advocate is a streamlined way of telling ourselves what brussels is allowed to decide . 
  i am not saying what it should be allowed to do . 
  i 'm so used to the french powerful central governement that i forget other alternatives exists . 
  perhaps it would n't be so bad . 
   only because we let it be this way !, 
  this is what truly drives me mad . 
  people complain about the eu yet when i ask them to change it , they never answer . 
  it is this way because we do nothing . 
  if we did , things would change radically . 
  that 's also true on a national level . 
  you 're very optimistic . 
  people do n't move from their couches to change things in their countries , i do n't reckon they would to change things in a european federation . 
  you chose to ignore a crucial part of my answer . 
  i said `` i ca n't see any actual reason why people would want full integration . '', 
  we do n't need `` full integration '' to do any of what you said , we do n't even need the euro as a currency . 
  a partnership , cooperation is all very well . 
  a ez governement is a no-no for me that 's all . 
  i do n't demand soverignty for my home town because france is a construction that has got very solid fondations , it took time and blood to build it and it is working . 
  i do n't see any reason to give up too many of its prerogatives to a supranational entity controlled by technocrats .
