  it 's about any sign clearly showing religious beliefs by a public servant . 
  that includes a christian corss , a kippah or a headscarf . 
   and is n't just another reason for them not to work ? 
  to be clear , it 's only applicable to ** public servants ** . 
  they 're free to work anywhere else they want if publicly showing they belong to a particular religion is * that * important to them . 
   if the former then i 'm quite surprised . 
  in the uk you see it all over the place , with muslims , sikhs , ... 
  the uk has a completely different tradition . 
  i was quite shocked to see girls wearing head scarves in school . 
  to each their own . 
  what if you do n't have another nationality ? 
  australia just make you stateless ? 
  we have the same thing in france . 
  l'ecole nationale d'administration or polytechnique , which are among the very best schools in the world , impose their graduate to work 10 years in the french public sector , or they will have to reimburse what the state paid for their education . 
   i am sorry , but what you are proposing is in essence obstruction of individual 's personal freedom of choice , on the excuse of it being for the greater good for the society . 
  which is a dangerous concept i hoped we moved away from . 
  they have all the freedom of choice they want when they choose to get free education from the state , it seems only fair the state gets something back from it . 
  they are free to go to business schools instead and pay big tuition fees . 
  at the end of the day the best students still go to these schools because they know after those 10 years the can go into the private sector and make huge money . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's illegal everywhere . 
  the thing is , if i go kill someone in ireland , is it france 's business ? 
  or ireland 's ? 
  as far as i know a country 's jurisdiction is limited to its own territory . 
  from why i understand , the uk has condemned her for joining the pkk which is listed as a terrorist organisation , that 's the legal ground they have . 
  not the intention of killing people in another country . 
  at the same time the uk , france and the us are supporting the pkk in its fight against isis , czeck republic are giving them amos and grenades . 
  it seems a bit hypocritical from the west to support them on one side , and on the other side to jail people who want to join them . 
  they smuggle stuff into the eu ? 
  what for ? 
  the vast waves of people coming here are not mainly syrian refugees , they are migrants from all over the world . 
  it 's war , if volunteers want to fight there it 's there businessn no one stopped the [ international brigades ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_brigades ) from fighting facists during the spanish civil war . 
  getting arrested simply for leaving your native land seems a bit crazy to me . 
  i 'm really not in favour of putting people who want to go fight in syria in jail . 
  if they want to go , let them . 
  just do n't let them come back . 
  my fondest memories of breakfast are the times when my dad would get up very early and get croissants and pain au chocolat on sunday mornings . 
  i 'd have a hot chocolate `` poulain '' with it . 
  we eat sweet things only for breakfast , it really surprised me when i found out it 's not the case in most other cultures . 
  cr\u00eapes are also a classic , usually from the day before ( do n't forget to cover them otherwise the edges will get dry ! ) . 
  lunch is our main meal . 
  usually 3 courses , or 4 if you like cheese . 
  very little spices , salt and pepper and that 's it . 
  there 's always bread on the table . 
  from 12 to 13 is an acceptable time . 
  for dinner it 's pretty much the same , maybe a bit lighter , unless there is guests . 
  never before 19h , rarely after 21h . 
  in my region we eat a lot of rillette and charcuterie in general . 
  not really , most french terrorists are of algerian of moroccan descent , and they are fighting in syria . 
  if they have the nationality of the country of their parents or grand parents , they probably have n't committed terrorist acts there , thus could be sent to algeria or morocco . 
  since we have strong ties we the authorities of morocco , we could even make them `` disappear '' with the local governement turning a blind eye . 
  well they 're not gon na fight isis where there is no isis , are they ? 
  i 'm not aware that we committed a genocide in modern times . 
  the vichy state gave jews to the germans , but they did n't kill them themselves . 
  the free french and the resistants saved a lot of jews too , so it 's a tough call . 
  shit like the huguenots happened 500 years ago , and they themselves killed a lot of catholics . 
  it was more of a civil war than a genocide . 
  our parliament did recognise that slavery was a crime against humanity and we have a remembrance day every 10th of may . 
  from where i stand that makes it worse . 
  we call it the dardanelles campaign , my great grandpa fought in that battle . 
  to be fair we were already pretty busy with the germans , a full power france would have kicked ass on its own . 
  thanks for the input . 
  how about giving them a say ? 
  if the turkish kurds feel like the pkk are a terrorist organisation , voting to stay in turkey would make the pkk clearly illegitimate . 
  if they vote to leave , you wo n't have to fight them for generations . 
  of course !, 
  and that 's not even the worst we 've done as a county . 
  the difference is turkey does n't want to admit its crimes . 
  we 've apologised for algeria , for slavery , and many other terrible things . 
   turkey is an ethnically mixed nation to such an extent the word has lost its meaning . 
  wow , so no armenian genocide then ? 
  how do you call it ? 
  ethnical demixation ? 
  i do n't . 
  thank you for keeping your head cool at my provocation . 
  i know quite a bit about catalonia , the basque country and scotland , not much about the kurds . 
  i just read that the turkish kurdistan contains a majority of kurds , and since they are fighting isis i feel sympathy for them . 
  but i 'm not actually entitled to have an opinion . 
  when internal affairs mean you 're killing your own citizens because of their ethnicity , it does n't apply . 
  yep , catalonia should get a referendum . 
  scotland got theirs , france 's territories in the pacific got theirs . 
  give kurds a say in their own destiny instead of bombing them . 
  we did that kind of shit until recently , does n't work . 
  actually turkish borders were drawn by foreigners , so were iraq 's and syria 's . 
  sorry about the poor job . 
  i do n't know what they are doing , i know very little about turkey so i 'm trying to gather infos to form an opinion . 
  but your `` i 'm sure 100 % of the people there are booing for the shameless usage of the death of those civilians to say to the rest of the worlds that their lives are more important than others . '', 
  sounds like utter rubbish . 
  you said yourself you 'd have booed too if you had been there . 
  so you 're a twat as far as i 'm concerned . 
  part of your homeland should be kurdistan tough . 
  to put things in perspective , [ the video of the minute of silence after the ankara deaths . 
   i 'm sure 100 % of the people there are booing for the shameless usage of the death of those civilians to say to the rest of the worlds that their lives are more important than others . 
  best way to get their message across , `` 100 % '' understood !, 
  even if the state we want to deport him to allows torture , he 'd have to prove that it 's risky for him to be deported there to prevent us from putting him in a plane . 
  we can always pretend there 's no real risk . 
  if he gets whipped `` oops , sorry , we really thought it was going to be fine '' . 
   from the article , mate . 
  cheers lad , i have to admit i did n't bother to read the article . 
  good stuff . 
  our law does n't allow to strip someone of his citizenship if he or she was born french .
