  only the foreign born . 
  he has no charisma , but he 's our president . 
  i googled task force lafayette and they are a part of the french forces that operates in afghanistan . 
  that 's why i did n't understand your comment . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brigade_la_fayette to answer your question :  * not all fighters have joined is . 
  i do not know if that means some of fighters have joined forces fighting is . 
  i do n't get the trolling . 
  is this meant to be offensive ? 
  that is one shitty first post my friend . 
  if i may add : [ why are terrorists drawn to belgium ? 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/nov/17/terrorists-belgium-paris-attacks )  the reasons why belgium is attractive to terrorists are diverse . 
  first there is its strategic location between france , germany and the uk . 
  in two hours one can cross belgium by car , ** and because belgium is part of the schengen area its outside borders are open , making it extremely easy for terrorists to enter and leave the country quickly . 
   fourth , brussels has the reputation for being a place where you can easily buy illegal firearms . 
  the fact that the city has no fewer than six different police zones makes the fight against illegal arms trafficking and other forms of organised crime cumbersome and inefficient . 
  and to fix this problem we have to rely on the good will of greece , hungary , slovakia , italy , spain ... do we wait for them to secure their borders ? 
  or do we act and man our own . 
  the problem is n't only at the external borders either :  belgium represents another major problem for european security , with several of the attackers known to local police but little done to track their movements . 
  `` you understand that if the belgians do n't warn us , we ca n't do anything , '' a senior french police source said monday . 
  if there is only one weak link in the whole of schengen , the terrorists can use it as a base and strike us from there . 
  like they did last weekend . 
   `` we have a problem with controlling ( europe 's ) schengen borders -- a big one , '' said alain chouet , a former security chief at france 's dgse external intelligence service . 
   it 's not like intelligence professionals need border crossings to keep tabs on people . 
  if they have someone under suspicion , they have a multitude of ways of dealing with tracking them . 
  there are other ways . 
  but this one is one of the most efficient . 
  there 's just too many people to watch . 
  if they leave a trace when crossing a border it makes them easier to follow , does n't it ? 
  i 'm no expert , but our experts tell us schengen is a problem for our security . 
   and would n't care one bit if they got registered at the border . 
  not true . 
  our intelligence services have difficulties tracking people going to syria who take planes outside of france . 
  it 's that easy for someone to get off the radar . 
  at least if someone with connections to known terrorists crossed the border to belgium , which is a terrorist hub in europe , we would know about it and could let the belgian authorities know that they should keep an eye on them . 
  now they just need to get in a car and they can go wherever they want , we have no idea if they are in the country or not . 
  their passport would raise a red flag and get them searched or arrested ... 
  they could n't use fake passports like the one that was found . 
  i was inaccurate . 
  thanks for noticing . 
  thank you . 
  people make border crossing sound a lot worse than they are . 
  this is quicker than paying for the toll road in france ... 
  this sucks for you and i understand why you do n't like it . 
   romania is located in a good spot to be a potential transit hub for goods . 
  i 'm a bit puzzeled . 
  how is romania 's geographical position a good spot to be a hub ? 
  between who and who ? 
  hell , france is the round about of western europe and companies still prefer going to dutch ports . 
  i had this exact argument yesterday . 
  there is no research that demonstrates that the end of border checks for lorries has a significant positive impact on the economy . 
  freedom of movement for labour does have a positive impact , not huge but it exists , and it wo n't be affected anyway . 
  make the border check mostly automatic thanks to the chips in our passeports . 
  problem solved . 
   mostly highly populated like rijn-ruhr region please ... 
  most border regions are n't `` highly populated '' . 
  the rhin border is the exception and not the rule . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't going to be negative consequences . 
  i am saying our security is worth adding time to the daily commute of a few tens of thousands of people . 
  to the normal citizens who lives near borders . 
  which is very far from being the majority . 
  the average joe who lives in the middle of italy or west of france could n't care less . 
  let 's make it faster . 
  with the electronic chips inside the passport , there are now self-chek points in airports . 
  the chip contains your digital prints , you put your hands on a thingy to check they match , if there is no warrant against you , you go through . 
  let 's have this system for other borders too . 
   it would still help our economy tremendously to be able to wave away border checks on transports of goods . 
  tremendously ? 
  really ? 
  i mean the lorries lose perhaps an hour at the broder . 
  if your industry is competitive it 's not going to make a difference , is it ? 
  even within schengen lorries lose time crossing the channel , or going through the tunnels between france and italy . 
  actually if you look at the per million people data , there 's about 300/million for jordan and tunisia and about 30/million for sweden & denmark . 
  but i agree , it 's strange the most welcoming countries like sweden and the netherlands , still get a lot of people leaving to fight for the daech scum . 
  see section : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war#french_counter-insurgency_operations  in 1959 , salan 's successor , general maurice challe , appeared to have suppressed major rebel resistance . 
  but yes , de gaulle decided to do it to have the upper hand in the negotiations for the independence . 
  it came at enormous cost that i do n't think we 're ready to pay anymore . 
  sending 400,000 troops would n't be acceptable . 
  plus at the time the army had the experience of indochina . 
  `` fun fact '' the french secret service developed such an expertise in fighting rebels that some of its members became consultants for the americans in south africa for their own wars . 
  i think it 's definitely wise to stay put and support the kurds . 
  those kind of wars seem worse , if that 's possible , than conventional ones ... 
   the abdeslam family said they were `` surprised '' that ibrahim blew himself up , even though he had spent time in syria . 
  what a load of bollocks . 
  i understand family comes first , but if they knew their son fought with daech , this attack should hardly come as a surprise . 
  monaco is well know in france for its very high security level . 
   [ on both a per-capita and per-area basis , monaco has one of the largest police forces ( 515 police officers for about 36,000 people ) and police presences in the world . 
  [ 76 ] its police includes a special unit which operates patrol and surveillance boats . 
  [ 77 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monaco#security ) as for switzerland :  [ the structure of the swiss militia system stipulates that the soldiers keep their army issued equipment , [ ... ] compulsory military service concerns all male swiss citizens  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland#military ) basically every male aged between age 20 and 35 keeps weapons at home , and knows how to use them . 
  [ europeans want the suspension of schengen according to le figaro poll ] ( http://europeanpost.co/europeans-want-the-suspension-of-schengen-according-to-le-figaro-poll/ ) i did exaggerate about the germans , there 's only a narrow majority , but for us and the brits it 's two thirds of the population , and for the dutch 59 % . 
  the thing is , the populations of the 3 major countries in the eu ( germany , france , the uk ) are already opposed to schengen by a clear majority . 
  why would we want to preserve it ? 
  this kind of warfare started way before the us got involved . 
  algeria for instance was the same kind of enemy , except we were the bad guys at the time , but we won the war on the ground . 
  it can be done . 
  i do n't know if i want it done though . 
  back to the heart of the problem . 
  schengen means we put all our trust in greeks , italians , spaniards to guard our borders . 
  if they fail there 's nothing we can do . 
  i 'm not saying hollande 's plan is not efficient or wrong . 
  i 'm just saying this is n't war if all we are not sending troops on the ground .
