  have you been to courchevel , cannes or monaco ? 
  these folks are loaded . 
  edit : dear downvoters , why ? 
  i do n't think the overseas department status is what they are after since this status does n't give you much freedom in the way you run things . 
  all the laws voted in the french parliament would still be applicable if they became a dom . 
  french polynesia is the part of france that has the most autonomy and they have the [ overseas collectivity ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/collectivit%c3%a9_territoriale_en_france ) status . 
  they did . 
  but since france has a latin cultural heritage , i 'm gon na overlook that fact and say it was the romans . 
  the title and the article are misleading . 
  the list is composed of 2/3 of autonomists , who do n't want independence but simply a status similar to scotland 's and catalunya 's , which is n't allowed as they are considered mainland france . 
  if you can read french we are discussing on r/france : https://www.reddit.com/r/france/comments/3wrm48/nationalismes_r%c3%a9gionaux/, 
  really interesting to see the roman influence still strong on many buildings . 
  it 's been 2000 years but the prestige is still there . 
  saint-just !, 
  nice to see someone who knows his history . 
  fort boyard is off the coast of la rochelle and l'\u00eele de r\u00e9 . 
  i do n't want those nutjobs ruining my vacations . 
  we 've also got the [ clipperton island ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/clipperton_island ) which is completely desertic and about 1000km from the nearest land . 
  i propose we give them the choice between the devil 's island , the kerguelens and clipperton . 
  if you did that you could say bye bye to schengen membership . 
   in 1965 , the french government transferred the responsibility for most of the islands to its newly founded guiana space centre . 
  the islands are under the trajectory of the space rockets launched from the centre eastward , toward the sea ( to geostationary orbit ) . 
  they must be evacuated during each launch . 
  the islands host a variety of measurement apparatus for space launches . 
  [ 7 ] they are but the prisoners might need sunscreen if we send them there . 
  rocket fuel burns are bad for your skin . 
  thank you very much . 
  that 's crystal clear . 
  the tricky part is that you would have to actually have permanent resident status . 
  which implies you have the documents that prove you 've lived in the uk for five years continuously prior to the termination of the treaty . 
  i do n't know how many of the the 2,8 million eu residents actually qualify . 
  very interesting , thank you . 
  the principle of acquired rights would probably apply here indeed . 
  but i ca n't find the article you are referring , nor a mention of acquired rights in the link you provided . 
  i tried to find a reference to this principle applied to residency to no avail . 
  do you know about any article treating that question ? 
  from what i 've read greenland is still bound by some eu treaties being part of denmark so that might explain what happened there too . 
  also from what i 've read [ here ] ( http://www.lalive.ch/data/publications/56_-_the_doctrine_of_acquired_rights_the_rights_and_duties_of_private_investors.pdf ) the principle is designed to ensure a stability for the populations in cases of transition . 
  not to guarantee those rights ad vitam eternam . 
  it seems to me that if the uk wanted to come back on the residency rights it had given to eu nationals it could do so if it was done in the context of a lawful transition . 
  all you are saying `` it 's not gon na happen , because i say so '' . 
  like you have any idea of what cameron 's plan is if the leave wins . 
  i know i do n't . 
  maybe you 're right and he will want to keep everyone in , maybe not . 
  acting like you know for sure is first class bullshitting . 
  they say never argue with an imbecile , because he will drag you to his level and beat you at his own game . 
  so indeed i should stop arguing with you . 
  good day sir . 
  did i fucking say that ? 
  i said they could do it once out of the eu . 
  they most probably would n't send everyone back as they need the doctors , nurses and engineers . 
  but free of the bonds of the eu treaties nothing would force them to keep everyone in . 
  you 're saying `` there is 0 % chance of anyone having to leave the uk if they left the eu '' , that is just wrong . 
  you keep saying that without any specifics . 
  if it 's so easy to see `` everything i say is completely wrong '' why do n't you start proving it ? 
  i just showed how you do n't know what retroactive is , and how you mistakenly use retrospective instead does a lot for your credibility ... 
  i just repeatedly admitted i 'm not an expert on the matter . 
  you on the other hand keep saying anyone who disagree with you is `` more than dumb '' , `` dumb '' without the beginning of a structured argumentation or proof of what you claim . 
  so yeah , the `` debate '' between us has to come down to : fuck off you retard . 
  go hide under a rock have try to find some intellectual honesty while you 're at it . 
  well i do apparently . 
  right , because you never say anything you do n't really mean . 
  good on you mate . 
   even if the nation did n't want it . 
  do n't get too exited though . 
  before that 's possible each nation will have to agree to it . 
  and i hope we fucking do n't . 
  european police on french soil ? 
  fuck off please . 
  for instance all european border guards would have to speak and write french , as it is the only language that is recognized on french territory for administrative purposes . 
  to be fair the brits will have brought the end of the nhs upon themselves if it does fail one day by allowing the tories to underfund it . 
  i really hope it does n't happen . 
  that was merely a provocation made out of anger at them brits who think they get such a bad deal with eu free movement . 
  i was n't pretending that was gon na happen for sure . 
  if you look a the rest of my messages you 'll be able to see that . 
  have you ever attended a law lecture ? 
  that 's not what retroactive means . 
  if the treaties granting free movements were denounced by the uk their citizens would in effect go back to what is the normal course of things for living in a foreign country , which is a visa or resident permit . 
  that 's not retroactive as it does n't affect the legality of actions that happened in the past . 
   laws are n't retrospective if they can affect people negatively , i do n't know where you get that from . 
  in france laws are n't retroactive , full stop . 
  if they attempt to be they are deemed unconstitutional . 
  perhaps it 's different in other legal systems . 
  common sense is good , but do n't try to apply it to international law or politics , `` that 's not how it works '' . 
   there 's absolutely 0 chance anything would really change for people who already moved . 
  you are also being very peremptory for someone who has n't got a clue of what he 's talking about . 
  no one would with a serious serious grasp of the situation would be that definite . 
  we are on good terms with the uk and it would probably stay that way if they left , so diplomats and politicians would try to make sure the transition goes smoothly for citizens on both sides of the channel . 
  on the other hand if they wanted to tell all the romanians and poles to fuck off , i do n't know what could legally stop them . 
  of course romania and poland would most likely toughen visas requirements for brits in return , but i think the uk can handle that if they want to . 
  i assume on principle they 'd be back to bilateral relationships with every eu member . 
  assuming schengen would still be a thing , the brits would be allowed to go anywhere in the area if they obtained a visa from any of the members , but they could have a different policy for each country in return . 
  it actually sounds like a pretty sweet deal for them . 
  of course everything i just said is from memory and someone with actual experience of those issues might know about a principle or a law that would make my suppositions invalid . 
  edit : also , as the situation has never occurred before and is n't planned in the treaties , it makes speculating even more uncertain . 
  all right , so you are just making assumptions . 
  no one actually knows what would happen , the scenario where everyone has to go back to their country is unlikely , so is the one where everyone gets to stay . 
  in the end we might get back to a similar situation as the one we are in now , but the immediate aftermath of a brexit could be messy . 
  all right then . 
  i would argue that the eu is too big and too divided to make an efficient state .
