  edit : spelling of banlieue, 
  ouch , that rubio guy made bush look like a fool . 
  nope , not taking offence . 
  the guy 's family name speaks for itself . 
  damned , i thought that was just us calling england perfide albion !, 
  exactly the way i feel about the uk . 
  a good foe is to be cherished , and britain is the best you could wish for . 
  in comparaison the germans are so boring . 
  even after wwi and wwii i still do n't have strong feelings about germany , that 's how boring they are . 
  that topic is d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu , is n't it ? 
  thanks for the free psychoanalysis and unrequested appoval . 
   a `` no opinion '' can be expressed by not expressing it explicitly . 
  well , not really . 
  expressing an opinion sort of means that you give a sign indicating what your opinion is . 
  i could develop and say i have never been to any of those country , nor have i met anyone who 's from there . 
  i have n't read about them in the news either . 
  so i have no information on which i could base an opinion . 
  you 're obviously trying to make me say something you think i have in mind . 
  may i ask what ? 
  because not having an opinion is still an opinion . 
  op asked , i give them my answer . 
  i could have said neutral i guess . 
  even when you won those territories they did n't want to be german ... metz had a population of 40 000 , 20 000 left the city to live in france rather than being german . 
  edit : i would add that at the election for the reichtag , l'alsace lorraine always voted for a majority of pro-france mps . 
  so i 'm assuming it 's german people upvoting you . 
  to those i 'm saying : learn your history , the locals never felt german . 
  i do n't have an opinion on those countries . 
  the uk . 
  why not the usa since you virtually have the same culture ? 
  not cool editing without mentioning it and making / u/derajes62 look like a fool !, 
  i 'd give you gold but you 're irish , you probably have a potful of it hidden somewhere . 
   your formative years matter the most in creating your identity not the last 30 years of an 80 year olds life . 
  choices matter too . 
  if i was to acquire british citizenship by choice , made significant achievements for the country , or enter the military , would you still not consider me as british ? 
  i consider most of the lads in the french foreing legion to be `` more '' french than me , even if the guy was born in china or senegal . 
  they wanted to become french and fought for it . 
  which is more than many who were just born here can say . 
  what you guys are saying is you ca n't possibly feel in your heart love for another country . 
  of course she loved poland , why ca n't you imagine that she might have grew to love france too ? 
  not gon na keep arguing since you do n't want to hear what i 'm saying . 
  no one is denying that she was polish . 
  for some reason you want to deny that she was also french . 
  good for you , for the rest of the world , she was polish and french . 
  and the last 42 in france . 
  she was also french . 
  how hard is it to understand ? 
   french citizenship [ ... ] does n't make him french . 
  right ... she did spend the majority of her life in france , made all her significant work there . 
  if she bothered to acquire french nationality she must have felt french too . 
  what makes you think your definition of nationality is the only one applicable ? 
  we consider her french and rightly so in my opinion . 
  we also know she was polish and polish born . 
  you consider her polish and rightly so too , again imo . 
  edit : i looked up friedrich schiller . 
  he was granted french nationality in a very particular context , and learnt about it only 6 years later . 
  it 's one of the very peculiar cases where i would say the man can not really be considered french despite having the nationality on paper . 
  marie curie on the other hand , did ask for french nationality when she did n't have to . 
  knew the language , is buried in france . 
  at no point did she ask to be buried in poland . 
  if she had felt only polish like you claim she is . 
  do n't you think she would have asked to be buried where her heart belonged ? 
   it means your all learn how to spell . 
  it wo n't make up for your stupid accent , but at least you wo n't fulfill all the clich\u00e9s . 
   no , marie curie was n't french . 
  she acquired french nationality but you probably know that . 
  why would you say she was n't french ? 
  she was polish by birth and french by choice and marriage . 
  thanks for providing your definition of securalism . 
  it 's not the one that aplies in france . 
  french secularism was built againt catholicisism . 
  french secularism is just a pr way of saying atheism . 
  i could n't explain it better than [ louis c.k. 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/ws2thqzemoc ) if i tried . 
  the brit 's got a point . 
  paki is as offensive as nigger . 
  stop using it publicully if you do n't want to be mistaken for a racist cunt . 
  if you are a racist cunt though , feel free to get yourself banned . 
  i have n't got a clue where it 's coming from either . 
  i would get snails , frog legs or white flag but pubes ? 
  cork is my favourite place in ireland . 
  is this a joke i do n't get ? 
  if i were in charge of the world , the netherlands and flanders would make a single country . 
  sadly i 'm not , sorry guys . 
  i did n't see anything if anyone asks . 
  whatever you want to call it . 
  i love england myself , probably more than some english people , so no jealousy at all . 
  but i have met some australians and welsh people who felt pretty strongly about the xv of england , very similar to the feeling we have towards it . 
  i 'm assuming the scots have the same kind of rivalry with you . 
  and obviously the irish as well . 
  so that 's pretty much everyone who plays rugby . 
  no one knows what a romanian would say , because no one cares . 
  tbf every other country wants to see england crash and burn when it comes to rugby . 
  i was surprised to see the australians and the welsh hate your national team just as much as we do . 
  so it would be hard for you to hate everyone back , got ta pick your battles . 
   rude and weak i get the rude bit , but what do you mean by weak ? 
  physically ? 
  you legally could n't . 
  as simple as that . 
  tara mate . 
  [ removed ]
