  are you saying that 10 % in the polls is equivalent to 20-30 % in the elections ? 
  berlusconi got 10 million votes in the last election , when he was at 30 % . 
  do the math . 
   the legal term `` statutory rape '' is usually used not in civil law systems . 
  are you a tourist in finland or just an anglophile ? 
  it was consensual sex . 
   that 's at least 5 milion people nope . 
  electorate =\\ = total population, 
  you are * surely * stupid , my friend . 
  you are * probably * a pedophile . 
   that said , he probably did some sketchy stuff as an entrepreneur ( coughmafiacough ) before going into politics . 
  i hate berlusconi , but ... zero evidence about this . 
  my criticism goes to the term `` southerners '' which includes the greeks and who knows who else . 
  between latin countries ( including france ) there is obviously a lot of similarities , although not to the levels of the nordic countries . 
  spain and italy have many regional differences within their borders . 
  yes , latin countries are more `` expressive '' than nordics . 
  you can include france and britain , but also the united states and eastern europe . 
  dunno about greece , turkey and other mediterranean countries . 
  from the way you write , it seems you believe that being laggard in italy is tolerated . 
  where is the vatican ? 
  i do n't think that being on time is a cultural issue , but rather an educational one . 
  if you do n't respect the commitments you 're a piece of shit , in italy as in iceland . 
  i think this is more related to the rudeness of your friends than the lifestyle of the italians . 
  i can assure you that no one is relaxed here , with time or with every other thing . 
  the old sicilian man who sleeps under the orange tree does n't represent italy , not even its southern half . 
  the ones in south tyrol are not even italians , as far as i know . 
  in rome you can find people from all over the peninsula . 
  this is the `` south '' : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/southern_italy i 'm pretty sure we both know i 'm right ... 
   at least my italian colleagues fit that stereotype and they also acknowledge it . 
  i suppose they are from southern italy . 
  emigration and self-loathing are their business . 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  personally , i envy the tranquility of a quiet and homogeneous nordic town . 
  are you american ? 
  how can you say that italy is a relaxed country ? 
  everything is frantic here . 
  it 's funny that you put `` southerners '' on the same level of scandinavians , when - for example - italy and greece do n't even share the same writing system ; let alone religion , customs and lifestyle . 
  he looks very european to me . 
  not even ugly . 
  i do n't know why you consider them italian , then . 
  do they speak italian as mother tongue ? 
  they have turkish citizenship . 
  the term `` nationality '' is often used incorrectly . 
  for example , italian nation is way older than the 150yo-italian state . 
  they are synonymous , more or less . 
   italians are the largest group really ? 
  they must be very hidden because in italy it is n't common knowledge . 
  switzerland , uk , netherlands and germany are the main european destinations of italian emigrants . 
  venice has always pissed on the papacy . 
   medieval italian city-states [ ... ] lead to either the development of internal hegemonic power , rome you were not very good at history , am i right ? 
   nato doesnt `` force '' anyone into membership . 
  you are very naive . 
  italy is home to the main us bases in europe and the mediterranean . 
  we support the current libyan government . 
  unfortunately , it does n't control more than half the country . 
  it 's not a matter of luck . 
  we need un permission to land with ground forces . 
  `` bombing positions '' is useless . 
  we need to stabilize the region ( because immigration and oil extraction ) . 
  i 'm not a communist . 
  we are n't in the un security council with the victors of ww2 . 
  learn about the years of lead , operation gladio , and the strategy of tension . 
  he does not need money or power . 
  [ he was also a big friend with bush . 
  ] ( http://medias.lemonde.fr/mmpub/edt/ill/2005/04/11/h_4_ill_637956_us-bush-berlusconi-27.jpg ) also , berlusconi is a corruptor , not corrupted . 
  the corrupt ones usually side with uncle sam . 
  [ or when enrico letta was the only western leader to attend the opening of the olympic games in sochi . 
  italy and russia have a long history of friendship . 
  in other words , we are in nato just because we were forced to . 
  not if most people do n't accept it . 
   we need to accept the idea that italy , and europe in general , will have a more and more relevant presence of muslims in the future why do we need to accept it ? 
   worst blasphemy against god in some regions it 's just a stock phrase . 
   tensions ... 
  i wo n't post a link but salvini ( lega nord ) made a post on facebook criticizing this project and his post has more than 17k likes woah . 
  in most countries you mentioned , the churches are older than islam itself . 
  not on tv or printed newspapers . 
  also , i was referring to the `` tensions '' . 
  this is not even on the news here . 
  france ?!, 
  why ? 
  our historical enemy was austria and the habsburgs . 
  austrians in the 18th century were definitely germans . 
  not even in sicily . 
  neither . 
  macedonian heritage and legacy have nothing to do with slavic people . 
  it 's not as big of a deal . 
  germany has not really much power outside of the eu . 
  as always . 
  exactly . 
  i 'm saying the us ca n't economically sustain a prolonged war or bombing mission in north africa without europe . 
   the us has done other substantial amphibious operations without the benefit of land-based airpower . 
  naples is the homeport of the us sixth fleet . 
  it 's the other way around : the us needs bases on italian soil for any operation in africa . 
  you have 7 major bases and over 100 military installations here . 
  that 's why africom is headquartered in europe . 
  at least they are not pedophiles . 
  what is the correlation between pizza and the us ? 
   united we can influence events , divided we become totally insignificant . 
  so true , unless you like to be the 51st state . 
  during a violent protest it 's quite common that someone might be killed .
