just another cog in the propaganda machine to convince blighty that the downsides of brexit are down to the eu shafting the uk and not due to brexit being such a generally terrible idea . 
  honestly , there are universities in ireland that have literally thousands of manuscripts from the early medieval period that nobody has ever looked at . 
  simply not enough manpower , funding or interest to ever discover what 's in there . 
  it 's probably not as vindictive as you believe . 
  right across europe , there are probably dozens of private collections , public institutions etc that have millions of historic documents that nobody has realised . 
  it 's not uncommon for documents of serious historical interest , that were thought lost , to re-emerge . 
  looks like map from red alert 1 ... * death march *, 
  can we have this per capita ? 
  a quick wikipedia claims it 's from scotland but the expression is an irish seanocail . 
  irish expression for the win . 
  arguably his biggest failure was the lack of any meaningful reform of public services and the continued terrible value for money that we seem to get . 
  that 's probably more due to the unions ( labour ) being party to his government . 
  austria would form hre !, 
  europa is a woman !, 
  in the absence of a coherent america for the next four ( or eight years ) , the onus is really on europe to pick up the can as regards soft power . 
  what was the legal status of east germany joining the west ? 
  perhaps scotland could be annexed by ireland and immediately secede . 
  in fairness , in my industry ; we 're mad for buying new machinery and clients are mad to get contracts settled before teresa may collapses the purchasing power of sterling sometime in march . 
  that might show as economic growth but it 's pretty clear that the confidence in the pound being worth more in a couple of months , is n't there . 
  tldr : spend your pounds today because they will be worth less next year . 
  in fairness , ireland had two major problems and the ease of access to capital caused both . 
  our banks were lending money and the public finances went out of control due to the lack of foresight of ballooning public expenditure on what was effectively a stamp duty bubble . 
  we borrowed more money adjusting our budget and making ends meet than we did to bail out our banks . 
  due to the blanket envelope culture of the boom when it came to public expenditure and spineless governments buying public sector votes by increasing salaries to levels that we still can not maintain . 
  in a nutshell , our public finances were in such a hole in 2008 that it cost more to borrow the difference than to bail out our banks . 
  denial must be a river in turkey . 
  russian politics are a pantomime . 
  there might be united russia , communists , liberals , nationalists and loads of other party names but they are all sanctioned by the kremlin . 
  it 's all an illusion of democracy . 
  medieval europeans used to call old roman viaducts , devil 's bridges because nobody knew either how they were built or what purpose . 
  roll back the sanctions !, 
  we are doomed . 
  the great iceberg lettuce famine of 2017 . 
  ukraine has many challenges such as corruption et al. 
  however the russian annexation of crimea and their continued proxy war in the donbass has been quite a significant boon to the idea of ukraine and ukrainian identity . 
  the sudetenland was always german . 
  same shit , different century . 
  i still think you guys need to force another election . 
  much belarussian clay rightful polan clay !, 
  france can into space !, 
  from the construction end of things , definite push on the client end to spend money now rather than later . 
  i imagine that a lot of growth since last june has been through businesses and people deciding that it 's probably best to spend their money now than in the future . 
  i suppose the feeling that i 'm going to get less value for my pound next year than i will now might have a big impact on consumer spending . 
  upon reflection , the strong consumer spending is probably a big indicator that either british consumers are confident with the economy or that everyone figures that buying stuff today will be better than buying it in a year 's time . 
  anyway , british growth is good for everyone . 
  yes , the genesis of trump 's hatred for the eu and the insistence of environmental impact assessments !, 
  the abysmal performance of turkish units in syria makes one wonder if this ` coup ' has had a serious affect on the capabilities of the turkish military . 
  i 'm guessing that the professional aspect of the turkish army has been purged recently for more politically reliable yesmen and those more connected to the ruling party . 
  a military organised around familial connections and political affiliation tend to be pretty fucking terrible . 
  at least they tried . 
  germany needs to get the experts in ( the dutch ) !, 
  if you consider the very high european directives on the most mundane and bizarre of things , i believe you are hopelessly optimistic when expecting americans to adhere to such british lofty standards . 
  you are going to be a small fish in a pond with a shark . 
  sure he might like you but he 's there to make a deal , with a country that will be between a rock and a hard place . 
  i completely agree with the last sentance . 
  making a deal for the sake for making a deal is a terrible thing !, 
  you mean the russian case of ebola ? 
  the russians do n't even hide how blatant the repression is there . 
  can someone please explain to me why the brexiteers seem to think britain will get a decent trade deal from the us . 
  if you thought the leaked draft from ttip was bad ( between two massive economic blocs ) , do you honestly believe that any us/uk trade deal done quickly will be anything but a desperate britain getting totally rode by american financial interests ? 
  politically and economically , there is going to be huge pressure for a deal , no matter what . 
  honestly , i believe the uk is going to get totally fucked in the near future and that 's not good for europe . 
  although brexit is a divisive topic for brexiteers and europeans alike , i do n't think a trade deal out of desperation with america will suit british consumers and workers . 
  you are going to get completely fucked as the uk is negotiating from a position of desperation . 
  i find it incomprehensible that such a vague referendum can be used as a mandate for economic suicide . 
  did all of these yes voters vote for a hard brexit ? 
  the lack of credible opposition in the house of commons is also exacerbating the problem . 
  who is there to stand up and say , what the fuck are we doing ? 
  oh yes there is a great deal of british hate on this reddit . 
  however , brexit is dynamite to the status quo within britain itself . 
  in the north , i 'm guessing that middle class unionism voted to remain ( farmers etc ) due to cap . 
  any change to the status of the border might alter the dynamic ( hardliners seeing the gfa fail ) . 
  in scotland , it seems their concerns during the indy ref all came to pass . 
  it 's not a slight against britain or the uk to speculate about these things . 
  our most important neighbour has made a decision that will have a significant impact on both our futures . 
  irish independence and agitation towards such was fostered on the idea that london and england did n't care about irish matters . 
  let 's just hope that these mainly english politicians wo n't repeat the mistake of making important decisions without the consultation or adherence to the will of a recognised constituent of their own nation . 
  i wholly endorse this partition . 
  probably no other nationality understands the little englander mentality than the irish . 
  and make france pay for it !, 
  an electrical interconnector with france would be an excellent piece of infrastructure this side of 2020 . 
  it 's self harm alright . 
  it 's amazing how trump 's first action on a mandate of making america great again and countering china , is to yield influence in east asia to ... china ? 
  economic arguments are irrelevant with emotive issues such as independence . 
  this is important considering the issues better together guaranteed to the scottish electorate . 
  there is precedence for a country leaving the uk . 
  the then free state , left the uk without any meaningful economy and being totally dependent on the uk , without any real budget and their apparent ` share ' of the british national debt . 
  like teresa may is quoted saying all the time , i 'm sure if scotland leaves , they 'll make a success of it . 
  ireland did n't make too much of a balls of it and i do n't see why scotland would n't either . 
  scotland is a wealthy country . 
  brexit is probably just going to make the break up of the uk more likely . 
  land invasion of russia in the autumn confirmed . 
  german leadership of the eu is by default . 
  it 's not by design . 
  it 's simply because nobody else wanted to lead it . 
  well , it just depends how red , white and blue brexit turns out to be . 
  the mundane status quo suits ni . 
  imposing the border or even some sort of trade tariff might have a more significant impact . 
  when i play games like eu4 , i feel like russia here . 
  it 's tough going gobbling up half of northern italy and the whole of switzerland in two short wars .
