  they also have tiny cows , pigs , ducks and sheep . 
  you need bill hicks : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxkk5u3ihwc, 
  it 's impossible to know for certain , holmes . 
  how about defend our allies from invasion ? 
  while major nations ` un-invadable ' for want of a better word , it is only fairly recent that iraq decided to annex little kuwait , and only 10 years prior to that , the falklands conflict happened . 
  it would be extremely short sighted and i would say dangerous to think that these things can never happen again . 
  as long as there are humans , there will be war . 
  hello from the peak district !, 
  fingers crossed we will be a tropical island in no time !, 
  would a hospital not be more appropriate then ? 
  and yet some people will argue that pot has no ill effects . 
  i was like , i totally know this , then i clicked the video , and i was like , yeah , see , i totally already knew this , then the second half of the video and i was like ... wat ? 
  working christmas eve and christmas day . 
  fingers crossed it 's a busy one . 
  double time . 
  gays : pope threatens foundations of family life and destroys the ` very essence of the human creature ', 
  i do n't get a say in it . 
  why would my opinion even matter ? 
  i like the land my family came from being part of the country i live and was born in . 
  it is probably a little selfish . 
  i can deal with that . 
  half-scot here . 
  since i do n't get a say , i do n't take any interest in the pros or cons . 
  i 'll be happy is scotland stays , if they go ... well ... they will be dead to me . 
  pfft . 
  democracy does n't work . 
  good english knowledge , bro . 
  1 down , 2 to go . 
  one nation . 
  one currency . 
  one language . 
  that is my dream . 
  the united kingdom of europe . 
  the pound . 
  english . 
  thanks for repeating the link from soncredible . 
  daniel and josh being popular names in china of course . 
  i got 13 . 
  would have been 14 , but i could n't spell liechtenstein . 
  edible crockery ? 
  that 's just so convenient . 
  scotland . 
  this is your time to shine . 
  stand up and uleash your weird food on all of europe . 
  they will cower in the wake of your eternal crazy . 
  his popularity as a comedic figure , if nothing else , will probably see him win any elections he runs for . 
  i 'm braced for pm boris at some point in my lifetime . 
  yes , i do think that little of the voters at large . 
  screw them and their opinions !, 
  how dare they have opinions !, 
  america has a larger large population because they make the best food over there . 
  not pretentious , just delicious . 
  large portions of delicious . 
  shit innit . 
  i ca n't believe we are letting such an important decision as this be made by the people . 
  i know lots of people - voters - and i would n't trust them with my pen , never mind the economic future of the country . 
  do n't worry , there will be a place for you in the united kingdom of europe and assorted atlantic islands . 
  that place is prison . 
  i 'm not , i 'd love an eu superstate . 
  one currency , one language , one leader . 
  the pound , english , the queen . 
  we 're probably the worlds best at being modest . 
  the best flavour of meme . 
  ambitious . 
  please do . 
  i like free money . 
  i like picking them up off the ground and putting them in my bank . 
  well that 's much better . 
  the only part i do n't like is signing it . 
  that makes your votes easily identifiable . 
  i think votes should be secret . 
  yes . 
  one language , one currency , one leader . 
  english , pound sterling , the queen . 
  the united kingdom of europe !, 
  id move the scottish border about 200 miles south and vote for independance . 
  no , they do n't care who you are bonking , they just want to spy on you as you do it and ban you from filming certain sexual acts . 
  a recent trend is ` nevaeh ' . 
  it 's truly cringeworthy . 
  embarrassing . 
  not * yet * . 
  * polishes bayonet, 
  the americans that say stuff in here are usually right . 
   how long does it take for someone to call ambulance anyway ? 
  as long as it takes . 
  what if the person is driving in a rural area alone ? 
  what if no one involved has a phone , or no phone signal ? 
  what if their phone is damaged or lost in the incident ? 
  what if they do n't know where exactly they are ? 
  what if everyone involved is unconscious ? 
  call it what you like kiddo . 
  you 'll find not many will give a shit . 
  the united kingdom of europe ... 
  screw you , we 're heading west and starting up our own atlantic continent , with blackjack , and mermaid strippers !, 
  i choose the ambulance . 
  they are cool and go woowooneenaw . 
  i piss in the sink : no need to flush . 
  well since the minger was in the same line as the fit ladies , it implies that slovenia has many more fit ladies than mingers . 
  it 'll take a miracle . 
  i have no faith in our voters .
