that thing you 're doing . 
  stop it . 
  it 's really not helping . 
   aaaarrggghh i ca n't believe the ignorance of ukip voters !, 
  respond to the policies , and create discussion rather than throwing insults at the voters . 
  that 's how you change opinions , not with abuse . 
  we need something to unite us . 
  maybe a nice big war . 
  anyone fancy invading australia or something ? 
  that 's the greatest thing that i have ever seen . 
  what 's europe all about historically if not sex and violence ? 
  as well as factually incorrect !, 
  i believe given those options i would vote for russia . 
  invading other countries is a very european thing !, 
  i 'll have you know , comrade , i shave every single day . 
  sometimes twice . 
  it gets fucking annoying . 
  that 's the legendary german sense of humour . 
  maybe they 're telling lies because they are not trustworthy either ? 
  the invasion force is being mustered . 
  it 's what separates us from the savages . 
  finland is the balls to the swedish cock !, 
  norway is the tumour on the penis . 
  considering how much time in school i spent accidentally damaging the school books , and other equipment , it does seem that this is always likely to happen . 
  i was a shit student , but i doubt that i was out of the ordinary . 
  i know you can trust me , but i as yet have no proof that you can be trusted . 
  therefore from my perspective , you need to be spied on , but i do not . 
  britain has been dealing witb various forms of attack and terrorism since the start of the empire . 
  it makes sense to build up a series of preventative measures , and yes that includes spying on citizens of this country and other nations who purport to be our allies . 
  i 'm totally okay with it, 
  it stops them getting at the alcohol . 
  i joke , i joke . 
  those damn truckers , wanting their own country . 
  warning : eating hats may cause death , plague , pox , or sunstroke . 
  the label will still be ignored if the font is bigger . 
  the whole pok\u00e9mon thing passed me by . 
  it always looked a little interesting , and unusual , but curiosity never took me in . 
  you wan na do swapsies ? 
  they have advanced the techniques and made it more efficient in various ways , as far as i 'm aware . 
  is the fracking that has been taking place in the us since the 1950s not long enough to make assessment ? 
  frogs legs , fizzy wine , metric system , football ? 
  is there any british thing that the french wont steal ? 
  sometimes . 
  i did yesterday only to find it was a bloody jehovah 's witness . 
  will not be making the same mistake again soon . 
  i do ignore the phone on a regular basis though . 
  if i want to speak to someone , i call them . 
  were n't african slaves originally purchased from african tribes , who had enslaved their own criminal classes ? 
  or am i mixing it up with something i have read in fiction ? 
  i 'd say if you were born in israel , then you are more likely to be jewish than , say , someone born in ireland . 
  freedom fries ? 
  true . 
  personally i feel more affinity to germany than the us . 
  i ca n't really feel comfortable to speak about the rest of europe , as i have only been to and experienced france , germany and belgium . 
  however i want us to go and help the people of syria . 
  i just do n't know what they best way of doing that is . 
  kill the baddies ? 
  throw food at the children ? 
  throw money at the grown ups ? 
  give guns to the goodies ? 
  please , some expert in the government just make a decision and lets do it . 
  great spot . 
  can we really trust an infographic made by someone so geographically illiterate ? 
  where in ' t uk are ya paying 95 bloody pence for a bit of a pint of ' t milk ? 
  bloody london eh ? 
  you do n't want ' t be gettin ' milk from down in that there london . 
  also : ' t bloody plonker who made is got ' t bloody flags wrong . 
  how very offensive . 
  i apologise for and withdraw my incorrect statement regarding the german sense of humour which was said for humour purposes . 
  also : is german stand up comedian [ henning wehn ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henning_wehn ) popular in germany ? 
  i quite enjoy his routines . 
  i realise he is based in the uk now , so am unsure if he does anything in germany . 
  this map is incorrect . 
  germans do not tell jokes . 
  does it still count as a joke if it 's a factual recount of a bestial encounter ? 
  somewhere david cameron is sitting in an office , staring at this statistic thinking , ` this means we do n't need as many police officers . ', 
  they a wry smile appears on his face . 
  bring me another glass of champagne , and feed the ducks in the duckhouse double today . 
  i have just solved the budget crisis ! '', 
  all british people love generalisation . 
  why not post about issues that you feel contribute then ? 
  how very ... efficient of you . 
  `` we intend to prove how much we are against killing , by brutally murdering people . '', 
  interesting methodology . 
  just think how easily we will crush other puny continents with one huge european army !, 
  racist !, 
  it 's a swingers party . 
  with british intellect , german efficiency and the french locked in another room , how can europe possibly fail ? 
  i hope sarcasm can be read . 
  that sounds awfully xenophobic . 
  it 's importance is overshadowed by its ridiculousness . 
  yes , quite enjoyable . 
  every form of id i own labels me as british . 
  i 'm not into complaining about labels just for the sake of it as many are . 
  derby . 
  a small city , in the united kingdom . 
  my mother is scottish , my father is english , so it is just easier to be british . 
  my girlfriend is welsh . 
  my children will be confused . 
  i 'm british , as my flag implies .
