  an association football competition , which purports to be a league in which the association football club champions from each nation across europe compete against each other , when in fact you can merely finish 4th in some leagues and qualify for it . 
  a sham . 
  but we are special . 
  we get our own . 
   who made us world police ? 
  with great power , comes great responsibility . 
  plot twist : that 's actually what they want . 
  residents of northern ireland vote for the northern ireland assembly , which is part of the parliament of the united kingdom . 
  likewise to vote in the republic , you must be a resident there . 
  naturally ( one would assume ) , the voters that want a united ireland will vote for the parties that also want this . 
  there are parties such as sinn fein , which have representatives in both northern and southern ireland . 
  as for ease of switching between nationalities , one would assume it 's relatively simple , however i am not aware of the process , so you would need someone more familiar that i to answer that . 
  basically , people from northern ireland can choose to be either british or irish , or both . 
  sports competitors can choose to be british , or irish , or in sports where britain is divided , northern ireland , or ireland . 
  james mcclean for example : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_mcclean you could in theory have any number of people in northern ireland wanting to be irish , rather than british , potentially all of them . 
  one would assume if it ever became the majority feeling , that northern ireland would simple become part of the republic . 
  edit : at first i was n't sure what you meant , but it clicked . 
  are you trying to troll the irish , or the british ? 
  or maybe just the nothern irish ? 
  which ones do you think are the violent type ? 
  i ca n't tell , but nice effort !, 
  i can see you winding up a few with that one . 
  similarly , when people get violent for a red , white and blue flag , they are thugs , or relics from another century . 
  when people get violent for a green white and orange flag , they are freedom loving patriots , fighting against centuries of british oppression . 
  they pretty much get to choose between being british or irish as far as i understand . 
  yes , i believe it is # 6.19 per hour for people over 20 . 
  i believe it is less than half of that in some areas of europe , i assume because the cost of living is significantly lower . 
  unless a wage hike put many businesses ... out of business . 
  or bankrupts governments . 
  or wage decreases makes people not be able to afford food . 
  ... and some might be able to start paying less , unless you link all minimum wages to the current highest . 
  can small nations afford this ? 
  i have no clue . 
  not being an expert on the subject , it would probably be terrible . 
  or more likely , great for some , terrible for others . 
  i would have less of a problem if public services were given an full exemption . 
  i still do take issue with blanket managing working hours though . 
  do they also dictate a eu blanket minimum wage ? 
  you ca n't just increase on call pay though , it 's all about equality . 
  we get # 13 per hour , because wholetime firefighters get # 13 per hour and we all do the same job , all be it for different periods of time . 
  if they were to increase our wage to make it a liveable wage ( bearing in mind some on call stations do 50 calls per year , and some do 500 ) it would mean a huge discrepancy in the wage , and all these hourly payments would be waaaay higher than a wholetime firefighter , which again would be completely unfair to them . 
  an on call firefighter has to be paid the same rate ( and have the same sick pay , holiday pay and other benefits ) as a wholetime firefighter , because we do essentially same job . 
  amend the law , scrap the law , whatever it takes to ensure that when somebody is in need , a big red truck with blue flashy lights rolls out of a fire station . 
  i wish they had !, 
  my life , my choice when to work . 
  i stated `` our opt out of the wtd is essential . '', 
  it 's in the last line of the post you replied to . 
  if that opt out is removed , chaos will ensue . 
  blanket managing is usually a poor idea . 
  i know many countries use volunteers to sneak around rules . 
  i hope there are exemptions , or it will be very dangerous . 
  but that does beg the question , if you can bend the rules for one of the most physically demanding jobs possible , why ca n't you bend the rules for people who stack shelves or work in offices ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i think a lot of places use volunteer ( unpaid and without contract ) firefighters in rural areas rather than paid and contracted firefighters . 
  the uk have moved away from the use of volunteers for essential public services , but may be forced to look back at it as a way around this wtd . 
  a manned station requires there to be a crew there on that station or on the fire appliance all the time . 
  6 people at all times . 
  plus managers to run the station and that is if the station only has one fire appliance , if they have more : more people . 
  each getting paid , plus utility costs , maintenance , training , equipment , all the costs related to running any major business . 
  manned stations have many calls . 
  usually several per day . 
  an on call station only pays it 's staff when they are required to attend calls . 
  they carry pagers , which beep when they are needed , then they get to a station within 5 minutes to turn the appliance out . 
  they are on call because there are fewer calls in that area , as low as 50 per year , or as many as 500 , depending of course on what happens that year . 
  in the uk , a firefighter gets # 13 per hour . 
  wages make a huge portion of that chunk . 
  so if a wholetime station gets 1 , 1 hour call in a day , they are paying # 13 x 24 hours x 6 people ( i 'm ignoring the # 15 per hour the crew manager gets , the # 18 an hour a watch manager gets and the # 20 per hour the station manager gets , and leaving it at 6 firefighters , which is less that what a station runs on - 4 firefighters , 1 cm , 1 wm , 1sm is the norm for a 1 appliance wholetime station ) . 
  you can do the maths . 
  if an on call station gets one , 1 hour call in a day , they are paying # 13 x 1 hour x 6 people . 
  a hell of a lot cheaper . 
  basic calculations , leaving a lot of outside costs out ( such as fuel and utilities ) , but help towards the point i think . 
  obviously this means that wholetime firefighters on a manned station get a large wage at the end of the month , an on call firefighters wage depends heavily on how many fires/car accidents there were , meaning that to ensure they can live , on-calls need a second job , if they have a 35 hour per week job , the working time directive will limit them to only being able to give 13 hours per week after those hours to the fire service , making them next to useless to the fire service , particularly as you can not predict when someone is going to dial 999 and call for help . 
  if any of that does not make sense , i apologise , and feel free to inquire , as i 'm happy to discuss the upsides and downsides of the fire service . 
  a 24 hour a day manned station costs in the region of # 2,000,000 per year . 
  an on call station costs in the region of # 250,000 per year , depending how busy it is . 
  upgrading all stations to wholetime manned stations is not financially viable . 
  we have 11 people keeping a fire appliance requiring a minimum of 4 people ( and a best/safe practice number of 6 ) and a second special appliance requiring a minimum of 2 people ( 3 max ) . 
  these both need to be available 24/7 . 
  the numbers wont work . 
  i 'm a firefighter in the uk and if the wtd is enforced here , our fire appliance would be unavailable for 12 hours per day ( edit : at least 12 hours per day ! ) . 
  more than 50 % of the appliances in my county would be unavailable for 12 hours a day . 
  on-call stations rely on firefighters having full time jobs and being able to attend firecalls . 
  if people already have a 38-48 hour per week full time job , then their cover that they can give will be severely limited . 
  people may well die due to poor response times . 
  not an acceptable scenario for me . 
  our opt out of the wtd is essential . 
  yes . 
  it was rather amusing when i saw my first euro coin as a child . 
  is it odd , that when i look at the map of sweden , all i see is a penis ? 
  the wiki page you link to makes the discussed area look like a very unpleasant discharge . 
  would the people of scania be upset at being called the unpleasant discharge of sweden ? 
  if so , i apologise . 
  the truck company want their own country ? 
  also : do northern parts of italy want to be english , and some other danish ? 
  lesser britain also want a break up , some of these new countries would be cool . 
  it was a terrible idea to use flags rather that whole colours , i ca n't tell if some parts of scandanavia want a lot of new countries , or just a weird flag . 
  everyone wants to visit when they hear that . 
  i mean little ducks ?!?!?!? 
  who does n't want to see teeny tiny ducks !, 
  they are highly endangered though .
