  can we blame northern ireland somehow ? 
  generate lego panic buying . 
  excellent plan . 
  i do n't mind the idea of them having different laws , that 's fine , different cultures , etc. 
  its the barbaric punishment that is my issue . 
  why did turkey invaded cyprus ? 
  i needed to knowed !, 
  the entire article made me think i had clicked from / r/shitamericanssay, 
  i for one would welcome our new european overlords . 
  it 's a shame that so many people are so closed minded to nations cooperating with each other . 
  we 're natural leaders . 
  we should not only be in the eu , we should be running the thing . 
  it 's a shame we wont be part of it . 
  think of all the territory we could claim for ~ ~ the queen ~ ~ the union . 
  my condolences . 
  please do n't give our moronic leaders ideas . 
  the danes have the best flag , and the best bacon . 
  nothing else . 
  i know the worthwhile ones , 
  here i am posting in the best language . 
  on the grounds that he 's a bit of a dickhead . 
  what the fuck hungary ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  great news then !, 
  which medal table ? 
  is it the one sorted by total medal tally , or the one correctly sorted by golds ? 
  to be fair , we are a nation of total cuntbags . 
  trust them to do what ? 
  that 's worth being paid for though . 
  you are giving away what you should be getting paid for . 
  your choice of course . 
  personally , i would n't work for free , ever , speaking as a firefighter . 
  one time they tried to make us do school visits voluntarilary without pay . 
  oh how we laughed . 
  i opposed the first one , never mind a second . 
  sometimes . 
  no one is that stupid as to ban medical necessity . 
  circumcision is perfectly okay , if done on a consenting adult . 
  some of us would love more integration . 
  we 'll take the euro and have an eu army , you all speak english . 
  sounds like an excellent deal . 
  if there 's any french armies , or perhaps german , belgian , dutch , spanish , whatever , who fancy invading and subjugating us , do it fast . 
  i 'll be happy to help . 
  i am willing to learn your language and can offer meagre accommodation for a squad in exchange for taking out our leaders and stripping our people of the right to vote our way into the shit again . 
  i know a bit of german . 
  let 's be fair , it 's us english what done it . 
  fuck those cuntbags . 
  french jokes are on strike . 
  i love the idea . 
  one currency , one language , one head of state . 
  the pound , english , the queen . 
  oh yes . 
  i even overheard a nervous conversation between two disney worker drones over if rain was coming later that day . 
  it made me laugh . 
  i was in florida a couple of weeks ago . 
  on one day it rained a bit . 
  the floridonians ran for the lives like the apocalypse was coming . 
  the normal tourists sought shelter calmly but promptly . 
  the brits carried on as normal . 
  we are ruled by cunts , who were elected by pricks . 
  europe , if you have the power to stop us from destroying ourselves and others , please do . 
  for the greater good . 
  damn you eurocrats telling me what to do and saving me money !, 
  how dare you look after my rights and protect me from greedy companies !, 
  get us out !, 
  all hail our glorious dear leader theresa may !, 
  freeeeeeeeeeeeeeedom . 
  britain has changed somewhat since that referendum . 
  good luck to her . 
  it must be nice being the only vaguely competent politician in great britain . 
  of course . 
  frankly , the fact i 'm allowed a vote proves the system is dumb . 
  i think we have proven in the uk that democracy is not always the best policy . 
  congrats to / r/elegantredditquotes and / r/jonybagodonuts for landing on the moon . 
  i 've been british for 34 years . 
  stupid and unpleasant is how i 'd describe most of us . 
  i call it holland because i hear it pisses some of you off . 
  ignoring the content , i 've never actually seen a graph like that before . 
  its beautiful . 
  does it have a fancy name ? 
  i cant say that i agree . 
  i 've always found germans to be a most british like people from my visits . 
  although some of the elder generation baulk at the concept for reasons . 
  i find the us vastly different in culture connected only by a shared language . 
  do n't be silly . 
  i do n't hate myself . 
  i hate the people who drag the country in a shitty direction . 
  the joke is that british people are stupid , and do n't realise that we are in europe . 
  in many cases , it 's not incorrect . 
  many english people want to stay too , but our opinions are ignored now , since were losers . 
  any input or opinions we have on the leaving process is written off as `` remoaning '' or something equally stupid sounding . 
  as someone said earlier in this comment chain ...  dumb people vote for dumb things, 
  do we get time off work/double pay for those too ? 
  if so i 'm all for it . 
  thank you jesus for laying those delicious chocolate eggs for us to eat . 
  or was was it the bunny . 
  whatever , chocolate !, 
  yay !, 
  he should at least be on a par with names like neil armstrong . 
  something to do with kangaroos would suffice .
