  it 's the same reason why an american in paris , will tell the world that nothing here is like back in texas !, 
  you cared enough to post in this thread - not bad !, 
   ... but for a party with a very anti-semitic rhetoric and promoting conservative family values , it is quite funny . 
  replace anti-semitic and it sounds like gop/teaparty ... 
  besides this , i found this news hilarious !, 
  racists like these people need to get their noses stuffed from time to time with a dose of reality !, 
  what is it called again ? 
  oh yeah - poetic justice !, 
   in 50-75 years we will to lend money to pay for over-generous social programs [ citation sorely needed ] one of the reasons why norway is doing well now , is how the norwegian financial sector is regulated which resulted in the crash of 2008 having little direct impact on the country . 
  [ the dr. phil show ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dr._phil_show ) - it 's a stupid us daytime tv show , puke inducing to watch !, 
  well , i have been aware of the pigs problems since norway 's first eu referendum in 1972 and even more so in 94 . 
  it was crystal clear that the south would be a clamp around the foot of eu . 
  the problems of the pigs countries was why i and many of my fellow countrymen voted against joining eu , twice . 
  the much poorer south were bound to become a clamp around the foot of eu as a whole and guess what ? 
  it happened !, 
  anyone who has ever traveled for any length of time to the southern regions of europe would be well aware of this problem . 
  alas , these issues were shoved under the carpet and for some time , it humped along without too much problems as they were hidden and then , bang !, 
  here we are , who has got the biggest problems again ? 
  you sir/madam , win a complete internet , courtesy or / r/europe !, 
  just do a dunkirk and be done with it !, 
   this is a sad threat . 
  really ? 
  [ `` threat '' ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/threat ) : definition of threat 1 an expression of intention to inflict evil , injury , or damage 2 one that threatens 3 an indication of something impending the sky held a threat of rain examples of threat he was willing to use violence and threats to get what he wanted . 
  she ignored their threats and continued to do what she felt was right . 
  a country under threat of civil war, 
   armed population , not this bullshit again !, 
  switzerland , just like norway and many other countries with a conscript army , will - after first time service , issue you a service weapon along with your military equipment and ammo , to keep at home in case of mobilization . 
  the guns have to be stored separated and locked down and with the ammo sealed in a third locked area . 
  using any of this results in harsh punishment . 
  i 've had both ag-3 and mp-5 with ammo at home but these are not weapons to be used and does not constitute an armed population the way americans see it !, 
  so , please - stop using this bullshit about switzerland and armed population - it is 100 % wrong !, 
  the name was given by the editor of dr. higgs book as he had called it the `` goddamn particle '' and was censored !, 
  so , the name or meme if you like , ended up being `` god particle '' and not `` goddamn particle '' as it originally was called . 
  first rule of travel - anywhere !, 
  do n't leave shit in your car !, 
  no , the video was cool , do n't be such a party-pooper !, 
  no , you are right ... 
  i guess we will have to do with [ memories ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jhahvgb32y ) and more [ memories ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ws4sz6lrbhg ) ... 
  what a combination !, 
  dundee united - best football club in the world !, 
  norway - best national football team in the world !, 
  cheers !, 
   anyone can win the euros . 
  now that is a bit extravagant - i ca n't see my country ever winning any such thing but hey , miracles happens , right ? 
  i do n't know ... 
  personally , i use a national teams statistics against brazil as a tool of measurement . 
  why you may ask ? 
  because then my shitty football country would be ranked as the best team in the world as we have never lost to brazil but when truth be told , we suck !, 
  i honestly have no clue what you are rambling on about , can you please speak plainly so us uninformed can understand ? 
  you know what ... 
  if mutilating your child 's penis is so important to an american i am sure they could easily either have the baby born in the us and get the mutilation done there or have it done at a later stage when visiting the homeland !, 
  close enough for daily use !, 
  dear jews and muslims !, 
  if this is such an enormous problem for you , here is what you can do : 1 ) jews . 
  move to israel !, 
  2 ) muslims . 
  move to an islamic country . 
  want to continue to live in germany ? 
  follow the laws or get the fuck out !, 
   lobbying is how you advocate for change and is a basic part of participating in a democracy . 
  the way you lobby for change is by joining a political party aligned with your interests and work through them . 
  that is democracy !, 
  nonsense !, 
  circumcision is only used for religious purposes outside the us . 
  do not fall into the trap of thinking us = everywhere, 
   ... here its more of just a medical procedure . 
  just like c-sections are used for almost all births in the us and nearly never used outside the us unless with medical complications . 
  just because you do something , does n't mean it is right or even necessary . 
  such as ? 
  well , i disagree with the jews in almost every aspect then so you guys know what to call me ... 
  well ... 
  the germans tried to make europe more german some years ago ... 
  i did n't end well !, 
  come from anywhere in norway but voss and try to understand a vossing - now that is hard work , it 's easier to converse with a finn !, 
  cheesy !, 
  well , i was a few months shy of 18 when i finished high school and started on my mandatory military service . 
  a year later , i moved to a different city and started at the university and i have never lived at home since and it is now some 36 years ago ... 
  i am not acting like that at all but i have now lived and worked in the us for 14 years . 
  for me it is great , i am white , have a great education and a very very well paid job and no debt . 
  but to be honest , for the average american , i can easily list at least a dozen european countries they would have been better off in all aspects of life than the us . 
  and remember we are talking about social issues here , such as health care , maternity leaves , vacations , workers protection , consumer protection etc etc and the us is lacking it all !, 
  edit : and in regards to your link , aftenposten is a very conservative paper and gr\u00f8nland is the closest oslo comes to a slum area , i would n't have gone there at night when i lived in oslo , much less now . 
  and it 's say if it was a member would also be illusory !, 
  the big countries dominate the eu and as we said before both referendums , the pigs would be the problem in the future and guess what ? 
  the us ? 
  heck no - it 's socially a third world country . 
  you can best compare the us with an old clunker of car with a fresh coat of paint . 
  it looks pretty on the outside but once you chip away the fresh paint , you find a pill rotten society . 
  good grief no !, 
  this has to be the worst idea ever !, 
  if this goes forward , i am even more happy to be norwegian and outside this nonsense !, 
  that ... is ... just ... 
  i. . . have ... no ... words ... `` git ` er done ! '', 
  and yet , you will find that european school kids have a lot better understanding of the us than what the americans do about europe . 
  it 's not about size , europe has a larger population than the us , so according to you , europe should have more idiots than the us . 
  [ why ? 
  it 's god 's chosen country , the freest , smartest , bestest country on the earth ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqdhmseqhfg ), 
  well ? 
  i did a quick search with the term `` thank you for your service '' the result ? 
  `` about 6750 results in 0.475 seconds '',
