  a federal state would yield results in many of todays countries which would put them on par with usas alabama and mississippi . 
  states in the us are really not doing too well . 
  and i get downvoted when i point out the cultural differences between north and south and saying this is especially prevalent in the pigs countries . 
  but then we get articles like this which clearly support the idea . 
   and stalin and mao were both atheists . 
  no - just no !, 
  when will this nonsense stop ? 
  if you really want the true background of these dictators , please see [ dictators and violence ] ( http://www.infidels.eu/violence ), 
   it 's easy to be smug when you sit atop of a mountain of money ... [ example ] ( http://25.media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lnwy9d0x5u1qh2mpqo1_500.gif ), 
  seems very much like many of the black neighborhoods here in the us . 
  you can say that segregation is no longer an acceptable policy in the us where i now live but in practice it is not so much different i am afraid . 
  most predominantly black areas are very poor , have a higher degree of crime , horrible schools and nobody really cares about them or what happens in these areas and they are certainly areas to avoid , at all time . 
  that again leads to their kids continuing the tradition and it does n't become better but worse . 
  and what makes it even worse , are the few who manages to get out as they are then used as evidence for the `` fact '' that there is no need to change any politics related to them , see one guy succeeded so nothing must be done !, 
  and there is your problem ... 
  so , pleas tell me piglets - what is your solution to your problems and why will it work ? 
  and who should pay for your disaster and why ? 
  now i know why i tagged you as `` racist troll '' in black !, 
  well ... a lot of nordic women have been through similar experiences when on vacation in countries such as greece , turkey , spain , portugal etc. 
  esp if they happen to be blond . 
  yes , the pigs ... what is the answer ? 
  it 's simple but oh so difficult to implement - the population need an attitude change and old cultural beliefs needs to be scrapped and replaced by pragmatism . 
  unfortunately , i also think eu has been a contributing factor over the years but it is more difficult to support with evidence . 
  from the guardian article it seems like this is a problem with men from other cultures and not belgian men . 
  is this the case ? 
  tagged as `` racist troll '' in black !, 
  tagged as `` racist troll '' in black !, 
  i 'm proud of you , divineking , having the balls to come out to us as a gay person !, 
  teddy bears do n't kill people - people kill people !, 
  this is correct , lions roamed in southern france and spain as far as i know . 
  it 's not the bank itself but the investment company , fidelity . 
  i 'm using suntrust for banking , not exactly a stellar bank but i only have a checking account there so it really does n't matter that much . 
  and it is not only the elderly , everyone does the same it seems . 
  i prefer to pay with cash , much faster . 
  interesting read indeed . 
  as a norwegian living and working in the us , i know quite a few things have changed . 
  internet for instance , you choices here in the us sucks !, 
  i live in a 4-5 million people metropolitan area , central florida and the fastest internet connection i may be able to find , would be 40mbs . 
  but finding such is not easy as you can not ask the isp to tell you in which areas you can get this faster connection . 
  nope , where i live , 10mbs is the fastest i can get so i am looking into moving . 
  the ** only ** way to find out if i can get 40mbs , is to go to an isp website , then enter my address and then they will tell me . 
  i called several and asked them if they could tell me where i could get 40 but i need the address , which i do n't have since i want to move to an area with 40 mbs coverage but i ca n't find it because i need the address !, 
  rinse and repeat !, 
  and banking ? 
  the last time i used personal checks back in norway was in the late 70 's so i was a bit surprised when i got checks when i opened a bank account . 
  i also needed to transfer money from my investment account to my bank account and that process can take up to 2 - two - weeks !!, 
  so , i decided to have them cut me a check and overnight it with fedex but then the lady asked me what i needed the money so quickly for !, 
  at that point , i may , emphasize may have told a few select words and told her to transfer me to their ceo !, 
  i was pissed beyond belief !, 
  i got the check the next morning and deposited it to my bank account but that is also a slow process !, 
  us banking - 3rd world quality !, 
  why is it important to be among the biggest 500 companies ? 
  is n't it more important to create healthy companies than big companies ? 
  size in itself is no target for company growth . 
  this is a stupid article !, 
  but you can not get away from the fact that the pigs are the problem and there is where the problems originated . 
  norwegian restaurants needs dishwashers ... 
  when will people realize the huge differences between north and south ? 
  these countries , the pigs , are the reason why eu will not work in the long run . 
  you know what ? 
  i was actually thinking about including germany too . 
  it 's quite natural really if you think about it , germany had a lot of trade in the nordic countries from centuries back , ref . 
  [ hanseatic league ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanseatic_league ), 
  a nordic - baltic union of some sort , iceland , norway , denmark , sweden , finland , latvia , lithuania and estonia , possibly even poland at some time . 
  the opening ceremony is still ongoing here in the us - as always behind the civilized world ;-), 
  and there in your own answer lies the real answer :  if now there is not a communist government in paris , this is only because russia has no an army which can reach paris in 1945 . 
  - joseph stalin and if you love history so much , you can probably tell me who liberated my country and whether any of those forces continued occupation afterwards . 
   it has nothing to do with our contribution in wwii ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  the us ignored the war for 2 years 3 months and 7 days until some japaneses planes lobbed a few bombs at a remote pacific island . 
  looking at sacrifices in wwii , the us lost ~ 400,000 in europe and the pacific combined , the [ battle of stalingrad ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_stalingrad ) , in one battle the soviets lost around 1,5 million . 
  yes , the us made a great contribution to the war in europe but spare me the band of brother heroics and chest thumping . 
  well yes , you , as a nation , is hard at work trying to outdo the americans in many areas , obesity is one of them . 
  true , those americans belong to a really tiny tiny minority whereas the vast majority of americans , hold similar ideas about the world as romney does !, 
  even the obama people think the us is [ exceptional ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american_exceptionalism ) and that every other country is inferior to the us . 
  the whole journey lasts 134 hours , here compressed into 37 minutes . 
  [ hurtigruten ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hurtigruten ) :  ( literally `` the express route '' ) is a norwegian passenger and freight line with daily sailings along norway 's western and northern coast . 
  sometimes referred to in english as norwegian coastal express , hurtigruten ships sail almost the entire length of the country , completing the roundtrip journey in 11 days . 
  the trip has been described as the `` world 's most beautiful sea voyage . '', 
  [ map of the journey ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/6/6d/trajet_de_l%27hurtigruten_no.svg/220px-trajet_de_l%27hurtigruten_no.svg.png ), 
  in case you are not aware of this , i currently reside in the us . 
  many states have bills for laws that would outlaw any form of marriage other than between a man and a woman . 
  google is your friend . 
  tagged in red as `` dumb troll '', 
  do n't forget all that heterosexual fawning over babies - the ultimate hetero sign !, 
  that is one thing most often observed in their posting - a completely homoeroitic mind . 
  seems like it is all they can think of , almost like if they are ... you know ... 
  we 're pitching in , friend !, 
  besides the us , russia , ukraine and a handful of african countries ? 
  probably in many islamic countries but then again , not my cup of tea . 
  but of the countries you 'd like to compare yourself with if you aspire to be a modern progressive democracy were people enjoy living ? 
  not so much !, 
  boring - tagged as `` troll '', 
  [ i completely agree !, 
  ] ( http://www.theonion.com/articles/why-do-all-these-homosexuals-keep-sucking-my-cock,11150/ ), 
  what the fuck is wrong with ukraine ? 
  did us right wingers get to you like they did to uganda and other african countries ? 
  and what they should focus on , is why anyone would be a threat and what the cause is for people becoming a threat to you and remove this rather than arm the country . 
  it 's the wrong solution for a problem every country has had to deal with !, 
  there are areas in my country just as isolated as in the us and people do not have the same idea as their american counter part .
