  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7jhahvgb32y ), 
  fta :  those struggling for human rights and the rule of law in afghanistan dread the day when the bulk of u.s. troops leave the country later this year . 
  i 'm sorry but what ? 
  it is not like the place is haven today , not much will change . 
   lets not forget that until the 1990 the far left was ruling across much of eastern europe also , let 's not forget how clueless you seems to be thinking those leaders had anything to do with left leaning politics and i say that as a social democrat !, 
  why ? 
  i think you make the mistake of applying todays information overload onto a time with no to next to no information available . 
  most people in the area you mention , would 've done no such thing . 
  remember , when berlin was liberated , the russians had over 2,500,000 soldiers in germany alone . 
  the total number of allied soldiers in europe , was around 3 million . 
  the american forces , which was only a part of the 3 million , would 've had a hell of job trying to push back a very experienced fighting force of 2.5 million of battle hardened soldiers . 
  it would 've become the biggest blood bath of wwii and the us would get stuck when the fall came with rain and mud . 
  the biggest problem with a push into the soviet union , would 've not come from fighting but from lack of supplies . 
  the supply chain necessary to support such a campaign , would 've had to go from the large coastal towns where ships could land and offload supplies and then across europe and into the soviet union . 
  i honestly have my doubts you have thought this through . 
  patton would have run into the same brick wall the germans did - russian winters !, 
  the * only * way for the us to beat the soviet union at the end of wwii , would 've been through the use of nuclear weapons . 
  patton was a typical american dreamer . 
  / u/youreyoureiswrong said :  boobs !!, 
  can we have you 're votes now ? 
  ftfy ' ... have you are votes ... '' ummm ... 
  depends on if he can [ make up his mind !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pacepi441ds ), 
   ( i 'm just asking before i drunkenly write in all caps insulting scandiavians left and right ) go right ahead !, 
  i have donned my flame retardant suit , made entirely out of euro 's !, 
  so , basically plastered before the first three songs are over . 
  i can live with that !, 
  no , that would be norway !, 
  we have four 0-pointers , no other country is as good as we are when it comes to getting zero points !, 
  norway !, 
  [ the wild duck ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_wild_duck ) by [ henrik ibsen ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henrik_ibsen ) - it is still 100 % relevant to todays world , more so than ever !, 
  it can be read on the net , legally and for free , see [ the wild duck on the internet ] ( http://ibsen.nb.no/id/509.0 ), 
  how could i possibly know that a car name is also the name of a population group ? 
  top gear has failed me !, 
  at least you * have * running trains !, 
  between metro orlando , florida , ( 2 million people ) where i live and metro tampa , florida , some 100 km to the west ( 3 million people ) , there are three -3 - trains per day , the last one around 6pm !, 
   by our dacian ancestors wait ... wait ... wait ... 
  so * dacia sandero * is * more * than just a car name ? 
  dacia refers to a population group ? 
  interesting , gold worthy !, 
  funny but [ here is how moscow sees europe !, 
  ] ( http://www.mappery.com/maps/europe-from-moscow-in-1952-map.mediumthumb.jpg ), 
  i wonder how americans feel , having to speak the language of another country , england ... 
  drink and fuck ? 
  that 's what i did ... ;-), 
   if l lived in a nice climate , i 'd spend half as much time as i do sitting in front of computer . 
  having lived in florida for almost 20 years , it depends on when it is . 
  right now , 21:30 , it is 23c here , 34c yesterday . 
  there are three months , july - september , where i stay indoors , it is simply too hot and too humid . 
  i call it the floridian winter . 
  from october to june , it is perfect . 
  but when you live here , you have work , friends , activities , etc to do so you can try to get a few hours here and there by the pool but ... 
  we 'll just buy sweden !, 
  you are 100 % correct . 
  if norway do things contrary to human rights , then it is perfectly fine to criticize norway for it and it really does n't matter who makes the allegation . 
  but when that is said , it is still funny that it comes from saudi arabia . 
  that was beautiful ... with your new gold . 
  can you talk to the saudi 's ? 
  ok guys ... we norwegians are here to administer the daily flogging of ya all !, 
  please line up there over on the right , lower pants and bend over . 
  make sure to thank the ola administering the flogging with a loud `` tusen takk ! '', 
  masochists line up on the left - your punishment is no punishment !, 
  when they first surface from the ground , they are just small tea spoons but as time goes by , they grow into normal sized spoons . 
  harvest is just before st. lucia !, 
   everything i 've read about unemployment in the usa states that the true figure is a lot higher than the claimed figures so i find 6 % to be surprising !, 
  americans do not * really * know who are unemployed . 
  there is no register for unemployed and unemployment figures are calculated based upon phone interviews so the numbers are utter whacko numbers . 
  [ here is an article explaining how the us numbers are made . 
  ] ( http://www.thefinancialplanner.me/5-key-us-unemployment-statistics-explained/ ), 
  i have no fucking clue what you are high on . 
  care to make some sense ? 
  i have lived and worked in several european countries , some catholic and some protestant and none of them have the degree of religiosity in public life like there is here in the us where i now live and work . 
  there is a lot of cultural religiosity in many european countries , very different from what is found in the us . 
  the further south and east you get , the more religious people tend to be but still not even close to the us . 
  so yeah , the us is a lot more religious . 
  i do n't know any country in europe where a leader , president or prime minister , would be attacked for not mentioning god as obama and others have been in the us . 
  i do n't know any country that has a prayer breakfast for its politicians where they have to pledge all kinds of crappy religious policies . 
  well then ... 
  if you are honest , and i have no reason to not believe that you are , you would acknowledge that most change in the us is done on state level . 
  very little is done federally and nationally in one fell swoop and that changes the situation a bit . 
  34 us states have similar or smaller population than norway , 42 smaller than sweden . 
  germany , 80 million , twice the most populous state in the us , does the same things . 
  so , when change is done on state level , there is no reason these states can not do the same . 
  americans like to argue that the us is huge when things are bad for them and often , willingly , ignore that change is done state wise in the us and not federally . 
  i find this to be very dishonest . 
  / u/broadstreetelite said :  you just painted the whole us as a gun toting christian country , which makes you sound quite a bit ignorant yourself . 
  it is one . 
  it has a gun related homicide rate an order of magnitude greater then europe and it certainly is a lot more religious in every aspect of society !, 
  as a simple example , when the new norwegian government took over , a coalition between the conservative party and a populist party , one of the first things they said was that they would not touch the tax payer funded uhc performed abortions . 
  can you imagine the republicans and tea partiers saying such a thing ? 
   especially that religion in us was always institutionally separated from the state that does n't mean the us was * less * religious than norway , it has never been . 
  it has always been way more religious and with a lot more crazy religious people than those in the norwegian state church . 
   this reeks of bias a bit . 
  does it really ? 
  europe is clearly a lot more secular than the us where religion is very important in all aspects of society . 
  europe is a far more humane area than the us , better social services , better safety net , less incarceration , no gun culture . 
  i do not know how much time you have spent in various european countries but i suspect not a lot . 
  it 's just like fox news then ? 
  `` skadefryd '' in norwegian and it is directly translated from german . 
  ( the best `` fryd '' is `` skadefryd '' ) `` fryd '' meaning pleasure , satisfaction , enjoyment etc.
