  it 's one of the reasons i grew dissatisfied with the subject and decided not to pursue it futher . 
  me too , kid . 
  me too . 
  it 's a story that 's been invented in order to justify a political conclusion that the people inventing the story desired . 
  although , like in any good story , there 's a kind of internal logic , as soon as you start to look in any detail it becomes obvious that the thing does n't really hang together as well as it might and that actually in places it 's really just bollocks . 
  but some people are n't interested in looking and/or content to just read or listen to the story as they would the latest j.k.rowling novel . 
  and because they 've either suspended disbelief , or come to actually believe , they follow the story that 's provided when it comes time to vote . 
  all this stuff about the mother of parliaments is just post-imperial self-aggrandising bollocks designed to assuage the butthurt of people who ca n't quite understand why things are `` as they used to be '' ( in the 1800s although this period gets transferred to the 1950s because that 's when a lot of farage 's generation were growing up and its tinged with childhood nostalgia for a time when , arguably , it was fucking miserable to be living the uk ) and it does rather overlook the obvious point that just because you invented something does n't automatically make you the best at it . 
  i 'm not a big fan of roger scruton or , despite having a philosophy degree , on philosophy . 
  there 's often a lot of vague argument and assertion ( to which this monologue , unfortunately , is not an exception ) with little ( or , as in this case , no ) evidence to back it up . 
  it 's nice , for example , to set up a dichotomy between `` urban elites '' and `` farmers , manufacturers , clothiers , mechanics , soldiers and administrators '' and then say lots of things that sound plausible without having the tedious necessity of justifying that point of view with references to experimental studies or observations that would allow us to assess the veridicality of the assertions being made . 
  the dichotomy additionally creates a sense of `` us '' and `` them '' - `` us '' being tied to a particular place , set of customs , language , & c. and `` them '' who are n't . 
  it produces a feeling of `` in-group '' and `` out-group '' and thereby create a sense of cohesion where there may have previously been little . 
  given that just under half the people who voted voted to remain ( presumably they are part of this elite ) there is a statistical likelihood that i should have met some of these `` urban elites '' to which he refers , but strangely i have yet to meet one living soul who immediately struck me as being a member of this group . 
  it 's almost as if the `` urban elite '' is a fiction - an enemy to unite against who is so ill-defined it could refer to whatever we want it to . 
  anyway , in the spirit of curiousity , i decided to find out if i 'm part of an urban elite as roger scruton defines it . 
  i find that i live and work in an urban area , i depend on mechanics , & c. for my way of life , i voted to remain in the eu . 
  on the other hand , none of the people on whom i depend depend on me for government , i am tied to a particular place ( i 've had the same job and house for years now ) , a particular faith ( actually a lack of religious faith in general ) , and a particular routine ( i would hazard a guess that even the extremely rich have this ) . 
  so i would appear to be both part and yet not part of the urban elite . 
  i would hazard a guess that a great many people would find themselves in a similar classification . 
  the thing is , though , why would n't you want to belong to an elite ? 
  the term ` elite ' denotes `` a select group that is superior in terms of ability or qualities to the rest of a group or society '' and is therefore a term of praise . 
  but by its usage in , and association with the derogatory term `` urban elite '' the terms becomes itself a derogatory as if being superior in terms of abilities or qualities were something deserving of disapprobation . 
  this , i think , sheds more light on the kind of thinking at play than any attempt at classification . 
  the implication , presumably , is that someone who is superior in ability also possess a haughty attitude , and yet we consistently see how our athletes in the olympics are both superior and also pleasant . 
  people in the urban elite however are superior in talents and have a superior attitude . 
  they are wankers , in other words . 
  it 's odd though that there are plenty of people who are haughty and not superior in ability or qualities - it 's almost as if it 's possible to possess superior abilities and yet also be a decent human being . 
  as if it 's possible to be either poor or rich and yet still remain grounded . 
  a few more points occurred to me as i listened to this talk . 
  * although it makes sense to exclude farmers from * urban * elites , i do find it curious that he fails to include farmers - the largest landholders in the country ( and land = money and power ) - in any kind of elite group and prefers to lump them together with mechanics and administrators - both jobs not generally associated with land ownership , money , or power . 
  * i thought it was a shame that he did n't address his opening statement `` the argument was made during the recent debate that the european union lacks democratic accountability and that no reforms would ever change this . '', 
  in more detail compare/contrast this to uk government democractic accountability . 
  * i laughed when he said `` the british people are profoundly democratic and do not accept to be governed by beaureaucrats who are not accountable for their mistakes '' as i remembered that , as i 'm sure mr. scruton is quite well aware , we have the civil service : an unelected body of beaureaucrats who arguably have a great deal more power than they might and who are also not democratically accountable for their mistakes . 
  as i 've grown older i 've tended not to expect too much from philosophy , although i still occasionally expect it to shine some light on some poorly understood area of thinking . 
  this talk , i 'm sorry to say , with its lazy conceptions and humdrum analysis , inclines me more toward the former attitude than the latter . 
  give it 5 years and it 'll be about as full . 
  stealing our dogs . 
   what exactly was supposed to happen ? 
  a plan ? 
  any kind of plan ? 
  at all ? 
  verily i say unto thee : the country is like unto a ship and the will of its people like unto the ship 's captain . 
  if the captain inconstantly changeth his mind the ship is n't going anywhere in a hurry mate . 
  me neither . 
  i live near some of them . 
  they are ... well english is rich in words to describe undesirable individuals ... 
  i 'm sure you can think of a few without my needing to suggest any . 
  for sure - not that you 're saying this but i did n't mean my point to be a justification for using the referendum as a protest vote simply one possible reason for why someone from the north might hate london . 
  i agree that a referendum is n't the ideal time to be using your vote as a protest vote although tbh i 'm not sure i ever understood the reasoning behind protest voting it seems like pissing in your own bed to me . 
  better to just vote for what you want and if you do n't get it well at least you tried . 
  as a northerner i 'll just chip in here : i do n't think london would be quite so hated if the more of the money it generated got spent up here , but a there has been a political bias towards london & the south east for quite some time now and it tends to get on people 's tits because we 're told that we 're all the same country but the rhetoric never quite matches the spending . 
  plus there 's the small matter that funding that might have ended up in the north went towards bailing out a finance sector that should have been more heavily regulated and watched but was and , as far as anyone can tell , still is n't . 
  so the folks who did n't have much ended up with less and the people who had it all to begin with ended up with more . 
  again . 
  for the record i voted remain because i think the alternative is economic suicide by a thousand cuts . 
  and also i do n't hate london so much as see it - along with everything else in the economy - as being up for critique . 
  but then i do n't speak for everyone and i 'm sure some people have a more knee-jerk reaction . 
  sounds like every election and referendum since nineteen dickerty two . 
  if the finance industry goes , what 's the betting london 's property bubble will go with it ? 
  i would think twice about using a guardian opinion piece as the basis for an argument - they 're not generally well substantiated and owen jones does n't speak for britons ( i 'd be suprised if he leaves london very often tbh ) . 
  i see nothing wrong with hating racism : if someone 's culture involves being racist then i reserve the right to challenge that behaviour and change that aspect of their culture . 
  i believe the uk fought a war against that kind of nonsense a little while ago , so it 's not without precedent . 
  besides it 's facile to claim that everyone who voted leave did so because they are racists . 
  i subscribe to no such view . 
  and also 52 % of a 72 % turnout is 37 % of the voting population , not half of it . 
  except that the people spouting the kind of nonsense this thread 's about are n't likely to be swayed by anything anyone ( let alone me ) says , it 's not classist to point out that racists are n't that bright , and it 's utterly misleading to suggest that my comment is about class rather than unacceptable behaviour . 
  with all due respect , i voted to remain . 
  thatcher did n't destroy middle england either in its geographical or class sense , mainly what she did was close down a lot of coal mines & steel manufacturing plants that had become uneconomical to run in the face of a changing world market and in that sense she destroyed the working class in mainly the north of england while pandering to the middle class in mainly the south east of england . 
  the brexit debate in its current form has been created by a number of factors such as : * an ongoing dispute within the conservative party since around the time of the maastrict treaty that , by degrees , ended up spilling outside the conservative party in the form of what were initially splinter groups and single-issue parties - such as ukip ; * the current misinformed and apathetic nature of british ( mainly english ) politics in general dominated by a media either side of which seems determined to avoid serious discussion of issues in favour of pushing people 's buttons in order to get them to buy the paper ; * a first-past-the-post system of voting largely dominated by two parties ; * a general feeling that politicians are remote from the concerns of most people ; * a massive economic downturn whose prediction was roundly ignored ; * the economic and social fallout from this downturn ; * some rather unpleasant and long-standing attitudes in certain sections of the uk population concerning people not from these islands ; * idiots - for example people voting for an outcome they did n't want because they did n't understand the difference between tactical voting in a fptp election largely dominated by a two parties , and a referendum . 
  so you can say it 's all thatcher 's fault , but if we 're going to invoke history i think you 'd probably have to go at least as far back as the social and political situation at the turn of the 20th century to get the full sweep of the thing and why the desire for greater integration between disparate nations was a thing at all . 
  displaying the typical misdirection , ineptitude and misrepresentation that makes reddit a great place to discuss ideas . 
  current english culture has a problem with intelligent people being intelligent . 
  i do n't know where it comes from , but some sections of british society have a lowest-common-denominator `` clever people are a threat , and you ca n't tell me my stupid idea is stupid because i 'm a person too '' pack mentality . 
  it 's one of the worst things about living here . 
  besides the fucking rain , obviously . 
  part of the problem , i 'm sorry to say is people like me . 
  i live in a northern town and have a handful of friends who believe this kind of tripe . 
  in the past i 've let it slide because they get defensive when it 's brought up in conversation and i 've allowed them to get away with it for friendship 's sake . 
  this has clearly been a mistake . 
  and what makes it worse is that i doubt i 'll ever change their minds about `` immigrants '' and it 's getting to the point where i 'm not sure i actually want be seen associating with them , but then what does lack of engagement do except further entrench their views . 
  and even worse i would n't be suprised if this gets worse before it gets better . 
  had a conversation with my brothe in law 's mother this weekend . 
  in 1975 when we voted to join the common market i do n't think many people appreciated how tied it is to open borders . 
  i would n't be surprised if many people see this as simply reversing that decision in the hope there can be a common market without open borders . 
  you underestimate the level of dunderheaded idiocy we 're dealing with here . 
  one of our friends complained that she got no say in brussels and was confused when we told her she could have elected an mep if she 'd bothered to keep herself informed . 
  and a work colleague got asked why he voted leave . 
  his answer ? 
  seemed like the right thing to do , i guess . '', 
  `` fuckwit '' does n't even begin to describe the vast and unending lack of knowledge or self-awareness some people have . 
  these people are not only not the sharpest tools in the box , they are unaware of the fact that there is a box , or that they are , to a man , a collection of tools . 
  and that 's all they have . 
  barnsley is like a poorly attempted re-creation of wall-era berlin . 
  i live 10 miles away from barnsley . 
  when i opened my window this morning i could hear the idiotic smugness from here . 
  it 's the fault of people believe what they read in the media . 
  it 's almost as if the media had a vested interest in pandering to whatever people want to hear in order to generate money . 
  prob because participation in the uk eu mp elections was pathetically low . 
  these beans are great .
