  the british are characterised as fish and the russians do n't feature . 
  the gypsies are gypsy moths , btw , for anyone wondering `` ok , but why moths '' . 
  when i read maus i found i really , really disliked the central character because we was such a whiny , grasping asshole . 
  but then i realised people tend to sanctify persecuted groups , or to believe them people who are entirely devoid of faults . 
  and then that just made the point of the book - that no-one deserves to be persecuted for their religion - more poignant . 
  no-one - not even a whiny , grasping asshole for whom you have a intense dislike - deserves to be persecuted just for their religious beliefs . 
  ha - thank christ for that . 
  i was beginning to think any old shit could get upvoted . 
  thank you for restoring my sanity !, 
  oh come on - why stop with kettles ? 
  there 's nettles , prattle , rattles , vassals , metals , petals , tassels , tussels , wattle , and tittle-tattle . 
  there 's flags , bags , mugs , pugs , drugs , fogs , frogs , dogs , cats and matts . 
  i could go on . 
  * edit * i forgot bustles . 
  i want to have this set up in the uk but just know it would end up being `` ring a belligerent scot '' / `` ring an indignant englishman '' . 
   `` under belgian law , the authorities have the right to detain a suspect in its territory on crimes related to international law as one of the victims had belgian citizenship . '', 
  that 's why . 
  that sentence means less than fuck all . 
  people getting on with their lives is hardly a massive show of political unity . 
  the monument to hanged patriots in vranjske njive is enough to make any patriot want to hang themselves . 
  ah that 's a lovely piece of music and a really nice instrument as well . 
  i did a little digging and the instrument 's related to to the [ psaltery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf769m5c0wo ) , the [ zither ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hyhd4rdud5g ) and the [ harpsichord ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5hbttarszwg ) although the bandura a bit more bass than any of the instruments being played in those links and that gives it that a rich tone . 
  i could stand to hear more of that tbh . 
  interesting side note is that - because of its associations with the cossacks - bandurists were persecuted by the soviets . 
  do n't ignore it . 
  merely put it in its correct place by evaluating it relative risk of occurring . 
  and then dies in a freak tobacco hamburger explosion masterminded by isis . 
  i agree entirely . 
  yes . 
  that 's what risk analysis does . 
   should n't they also focus on what 's more likely to kill them in 10-20 years ? 
  maybe . 
  i 'm merely articulating what a lot of people think , which is that if you have no control over something what 's the point in worrying about it . 
  it does n't mean that thing is n't deplorable just that if you worry about everything over which you have no control there 'll be no end to your worrying because most things are out of your control . 
   this is statistical abuse no it is n't . 
   and reveals a cynical disregard for human emotion and life . 
  no it does n't . 
   firstly , you are comparing apples to oranges . 
  i 'm comparing risk factors . 
   it is so banal i do n't know how you could think statistic banal . 
   i do n't even know how to explain it . 
  well we 're clearly going to get nowhere with that attitude . 
   with this logic we should n't worry about anything no - you should worry about the things that are likely to kill you over and above the things that are n't . 
   no matter who barbaric it is cancer 's pretty barbaric . 
   as long as the death toll is below car accidents or cancer ? 
  if your hair is on fire why worry about the mouse nibbling at your toes ? 
   this is the antithesis to humanism no it is n't . 
   because you fundamentally disregard human life with statistics . 
  no i do n't . 
   i ca n't see what this achieves other than relativising -- even accommodating -- an extremely dangerous development . 
  it causes you to evaluate things rationally rather than reacting to the media 's attempt to get you to buy into them worrying you to death with things that are unlikely to happen . 
  do n't see what the problem is tbh . 
  just because it 's unlikely to happen does n't mean i approve of it - but from the average person 's point of view what can they do about it ? 
  nothing . 
  so why get worked up ? 
  not smoking - now that 's something i have control over . 
  not drinking too much - again something i can control . 
  someone careering all over the road and crashing into me - well if i see it in time maybe i can do something about that and avoid it - if not , well why worry . 
   if that 's your rationale then i 'd say you do n't really understand fear . 
  i 'm a climber . 
  of course i understand fear . 
  i also understand the difference between something i can do something about and something i have no control over . 
   being scared of terrorism is n't based on the odds of it happening . 
  of course . 
  it 's like vitalstatistix worrying that the sky might one day fall on his head . 
  and it 's just as comical and just as tragic . 
   it 's that it can happen at any time , it 's everywhere . 
  so can accidents . 
   did you just compare one of the main means of transportation to an aggressive ideology ? 
   people need vehicles . 
  people do n't need radical islam . 
  i agree . 
   how you can even equate these two things is beyond me . 
  i did n't . 
  you did . 
  having set up the straw man you 're having a wonderful time knocking him over again and again . 
   honestly , thinking like that will lead to more people getting hurt while you bury you head in useless statistics . 
  useless statistics like that have led to increased lifespans across the globe . 
   europe is fucked . 
  we 're all living on a freezing ball of rock orbiting a continuous thermonuclear explosion in an inconsequential area of a dying universe . 
  in the long term we 're all fucked . 
   have fun in your inevitable civil war . 
  thanks !, 
   i 'm sure you 'll be calling america for help / with friends like you who needs enemies ? 
   but you only have to be at the wrong place at the wrong time to endure a horrendous death or witness something that scars you for life . 
  true , but as no-one is going to be able to tell you when that 's likely to be statistics are the best guide you 're going to get and you 'd be daft to ignore them . 
   actually try to prevent what they actually can prevent killing them . 
  that 's the logic of my argument , yes . 
  drink less , do n't smoke , eat less red meat . 
  these things are highly likely to kill you . 
  i was making a joke ? 
  contentious !, 
  just make sure it 's a more-or-less recoverable failure . 
  realising you 've been driving the car with the handbrake on for a mile or so - ok . having an argument with someone & storming off - ok . soloing el capitan & falling off - not good . 
  it depends what you 're trying to achieve . 
  if it 's `` what am i most likely to die of so i can take action to avoid the greatest and most preventable risks ? '', 
  then no . 
  regular common-or-garden `` someone probably was n't paying enough attention '' car accident . 
  that 's because on any rational analysis they are safe . 
  [ you 're far more likely to die in a car accident than a terrorist attack ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/nice-attack-do-you-feel-like-youre-more-likely-than-ever-to-be-hit-by-a-terror-attack-this-is-why-a7140396.html ) .
