ancient tribes that lived where the english channel is now ca n't find the documentary , but you might find something of interest here http://www.wessexarch.co.uk/blogs/news/2008/03/09/evidence-ice-age-hunters-found-below-north-sea http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland http://www.livescience.com/1759-stone-age-settlement-english-channel.html, 
  it 's a land still in the grip of a hard , frozen winter . 
  it 's a small tribe of nomads battling northwards . 
  it 's one man 's quest ... 
  do n't be thinking of the children . 
  you never know when the paedofinder general will be listening . 
  mmm . 
  innit . 
  in other news - people tarred with the same brush turn out to be different from each other on closer examination . 
  the problem with the above points is that they pretend that truth is an either/or phenomenon . 
  either all muslims are bad or it has nothing to do with muslims . 
  whereas it has something to do with muslims , just not everything . 
   then the good muslim can represent islam while the bad muslims can be said to have nothing to do with it . 
  the problem is this : ( a ) if being muslim is the sufficient condition for being a suicide bomber then every muslim all over the world should be blowing themselves to pieces at this very moment . 
  ( b ) if being muslim is a sine qua non of being a suicide bomber then there should n't be any non-muslim suicide bombers . 
  but ( a ) they are n't , and ( b ) [ there are ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suicide_attack#post-1980_attacks ) . 
  so clearly being a muslim is n't either necessary or sufficient for being a suicide bomber . 
  so what does this have to do with religion ? 
  well , clearly something ( because the bombers were muslims ) but also clearly not everything ( because ( a ) and ( b ) above ) . 
  and what then does this tell us ? 
  roughly fuck-all . 
  it tells us that religion is a factor but not much more than that . 
  it does n't provide any helpful criteria that we could use in anti-terror operations , it does n't provide us with much insight over and above the bleeding obvious . 
  and by allowing us to over-concentrate on one of the factors amongst ethnicity , culture , nationality , upbringing , outlook , biology , personality , mentality that go towards making someone who they are it prevents us from forming theories that might prove of some practical benefit - such as `` what are the necessary and sufficient conditions for being a suicide bomber ? 
  our government is a silly place . 
   you can not shame people into believing your political and moral superiority should govern how they vote . 
  if you belittle them and name them ignorant or stupid for liking the `` extreme '' candidate , and they dont have a reasonable outlet to express their opinions without social shaming , they will show their discontent at the ballot . 
  further proving the point . 
  `` i want to set my hair on fire '' `` why ? 
  that 's idiotic '' `` do n't belittle my choices '' `` oooookaaaaay '' `` aaaargh , it burns !, 
  it burns '', 
  we have a wanka for an education minister as well . 
  not really . 
  `` i do n't want so many non-family members in my house , so i 'm prepared to take a potentially disastrous wage-cut to make that happen '' . 
  the problem is that they want to control it themselves , directly , whereas it will always be something that 's managed on their behalf by someone else who is n't quite as accountable as the person wanting control would like it to be . 
   why should we always say `` ah - but the eu has problems , too '' when we talk about the uk-problems ? 
  `` i see you have broken your leg through your inadvisable course of action '' `` yes , but what about your broken marriage , huh ? '', 
  plus : rotherham . 
  come to rotherham . 
  it 's one of the places dragging our overall percentage down . 
  so you do n't understand macro-economics where places that have higher than average wages are likely to attract people from places that have lower than average wages , which will , in time , cause the wages in the higher than average place to fall , creating stability in the system ? 
  colour me surprised . 
  yes sir !, 
  one shit sandwich , coming right up !, 
   i 've never seen a greek neo-nazi abuse , beat or murder anyone . 
  but they actually exist and do these things , they are the 3rd biggest political party in my country . 
  so you see that 's not the best argument . 
  i already agreed that i believe these things exist . 
  just because they exist does n't mean everyone 's doing them though , in the same way that just because i have n't seen it does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  both points are over-generalisations based on limited evidence - if we 're going to talk about `` not the best argument '' then that would be a good example of one . 
  * i 'm not sure there 's actually anti-immigration hysteria except in the places where this might already have existed . 
  * the kinds of people who do this sort of thing do n't require removal of social pressure in order to act like this - cuntos gon na cunt . 
  * while i accept my experience of life is limited and in no way forms a representative picture of the entire 60-odd million people currently inhabiting the uk i have literally heard no-one screaming anything at anyone irl before , during or after brexit . 
  sure i accept that this happens and it may have caused some closet racists to have cast aside whatever final strands of reason tethered their tenuous thought-processes to reality , but i utterly reject the narrative that the entirety of england is somehow eating itself alive in a swivel-eyed mouth-frothing hatred against whichever person is currently not speaking english at them . 
  that view is just as untrue as the view that brexit has n't caused some people to believe it 's now ok to act like an arsehole . 
  i hate to defend the daily mail and the sun ( i really , really hate to defend them ) but with them it 's more a case of fuelling whichever prejudice they believe will generate more revenue than it is with pushing a specific far-right agenda - they are motivated by money not idealism ( well , unless the ideal is `` i must have more money '' ) . 
  and blaming the outsider or people who are different is n't a new thing in english politics . 
  it 's not a new thing in any kind of politics come to think of it - it 's not like the english have a monopoly on this kind of thing . 
  plus hitler 's rise to power is a bit more complex than just `` blaming immigrants for everything '' - mainly he was an anti-capitalist , anti-semitic , anti-marxist , anti-weimarist . 
  not that i 'm saying `` it ca n't happen here '' . 
  it could , of course . 
  but i 'd hesitate to take an alarmist tone when we 've not ( yet ) got the point of frequent street-battles between extreme-left and extreme-right political groups . 
  personally i think it currently has more to do with a small-minded unwelcoming attitude amongst some groups of people ( morons ) than it has with a more organised movement based on a far-right political manifesto , although obviously what is disorganised can become organised given a suitable focal point . 
  i 'd shy away from assigning the blame to just one thing . 
  like everything in life the factors that go into any individual 's personality and behaviour is wide-ranging and influenced by a great many external factors like socio/political bias that affects factors as diverse as education , government funding and gender-role assignment . 
  there are health issues ( mental - including addiction - and physical ) , family issues and so on . 
  sure the benefit system probably does n't help in some cases but it 's not the whole story by a long way . 
  and yeah stocking shelves in waitrose is n't the best job in the world . 
  personally i 'd hesitate to call it degrading per se , but as with any job whether you think it 's degrading depends on your general view of such jobs , the management of that particular store and the attitudes and behaviours of the people likely to be shopping there . 
  i agree that just asking where someone comes from is n't necessarily offensive - although your body-language and tone of voice counts for a lot - but listening to a conversation and then yelling out `` fucking polish grass '' in an obvious attempt to intimidate the interviewee is n't acceptable behaviour . 
  firstly they 're one of , if not the , largest immigrant group in england \u2020 and england has a problem with immigration at the moment \u2021 secondly - and this is a massive over-generalisation - they tend to live in less savoury areas of larger cities where there have been problems , historically , with a `` you 're not from round here '' mindset . 
  there 's also the perception that poles are willing to work for lower wages and that they compete with the people who live in these areas for jobs . 
  thirdly - some combination of scapegoating , idiocy , bigotry , & racism . 
  what i would question is that they 're ` so ' disliked - that implies a universality that 's not there . 
  there are a great many people who do n't have a problem with poles as a group because poles are people and the british are people and groups of people are n't homogeneous . 
  for these reasons i 'd be wary of reading media reports about this issue as `` everyone in the uk hates poles '' . 
  that is simply not true : some people in the uk hate poles ( see above for possible causes ) . 
  this makes for less exciting headlines and lower sales , however . 
  \u2020 not the uk . 
  this is largely an english problem . 
  \u2021 you can read as either `` there are too many immigrants '' or `` the uk 's attitude to immigration is a problem '' , or `` there is a complex set of circumstances causing dissatisfaction in some areas and social classes of the uk and immigration is one of those factors that is receiving a large amount of attention both in the press and popular media , perhaps out of proportion to its actual importance in the overall situation '' - my personal belief is the last of these three . 
  [ according to these stats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foreign-born_population_of_the_united_kingdom ) , yes . 
  please do n't give me lots of money . 
  cat pic to follow . 
  my italian friend is saying the opposite though - that sea salt tastes saltier to here than british table salt . 
  i do n't suppose i will ever resolve this conundrum . 
  although i do have some himalayan salt and it 's very salty . 
  she could n't believe how strange the flour was . 
  * edit . 
  there has been a development . 
  ... my polish friend and my italian friend have now both told me how british salt does n't taste salty enough . 
  i bake my own bread . 
  gave a loaf * to my polish friend as well - she loved it . 
  edit . 
  * this is not an english euphemism . 
  not so redoubtable really . 
  self-determined economic destruction . 
  his speciality is aesthetics where he propounds views that are not dissimilar to those presented in this talk , only about art , beauty and taste and using slightly more technical language . 
  his viewpoints ( even one made when he was younger ) strike me , in essence , as an old man complaining about the morals of the youth of today and attempting to justify the conclusions he 's jumped to using high falutin ' words . 
  in fairness to him though , a good proportion of philosophy consists of attempting to justify conclusions you 've jumped to using high falutin ' words .
