  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/predatory_lending explain me now the whole point of greek forced credits wasnt this and future privatizations that will come . 
  [ you are welcome ] ( http://www.minddisorders.com/py-z/reading-disorder.html ), 
   ukraine nope , theres no russian army there , can you read atleast . 
   meaning any paper russia has signed is worth less than toilet paper ? 
  because if they do n't honor what they said in 54 , why would they honor any trade deals signed to any other nation or company ? 
  oh yes , lets just forget that violent undemocratic government overthrow happened in kiev , with absolutely no legitimacy , and that russian people in crimea did n't feel safe with new neonazi antirussian regime.get your facts checked.and stop being a hypocrite and import russian gas at same time saying their contracts worth shit 0 . 
   you know what russian troops on ukrainian soil are , by definition ? 
  invasion . 
  even fucking putin admitted that he ordered the operation . 
  time to get updated on the facts . . 
  there is no russia troops in fucking ukraine . 
  what you call invasion is by every means definition of civil war.invasion = u get your ass into another country , civil war = people in a country fight each other inside its borders.ukraine is military backed by west , rebels are backed by russia , and thats that , no invasion whatsoever.trust me , we have a good knowledge of this kind of shit here . 
  putin said he operated crimea operation , you even have documentary about it , and you clearly dont talk about criema in this citation so dont spread missinformation . 
  what was invaded ? 
  crimea went back to russia , no invasion , not even a shot fired , they just nullified 1954 gift certificate . 
  in what exact are are you talking when you say `` invasion '' ? cause i dont see russian troops in ukraine at all.rebels backed by moscow yes , but invasion from inside is not really invasion.tatar could do same thing russia is doing , organize armed resistance backed by west.its legit apparently.and lets see how that will go down . 
   aka : accept your subservience to the ethnic russian state i dont see problem with this , you are minority without homeland , and russia wont give you that borders.simple as that . 
  you cant have more privilege that russians living in russia , its not hard concept to grasp . 
   constant harassment/disappearances/deaths at the hands the hands of the fsb . 
  when you are too loud about first part , you start feeling some consequences , not a problem either.they dont want do be democratic so russia cant be democratic to them either . 
  i would , but that fence ... 
  how can country be clasified as ortodox as other 3 mentioned here when you have 60 % + of population atheists . 
  it was honest mistake , so i edited it . 
  if you say someone did extermination of something , and that thing is actually bigger in number than before you started exterminating it , there are 2 posible explanations : 1 . you suck at exterminating 2 . exterminating didnt happen at all . 
  and if you know your stuff , you know we dont suck at exterminating . 
  edit : extermination of people for brit with reading disability . 
  how the fuck can be there more people shortly after the war than before the war if we did any kind of extermination , you brain is washed so hard im not even sorry . 
  ahm , you are supporting kosovo independence on same principle and without referendum , by bombing sovereign country for 80 days without un declaration or declaration of war , yet you get 0 to non hate over it . 
  hypocrisy many much ? 
  [ you wrong son ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_ukraine ) its wasnt that deep in google.most of ukrainians are atheists , next is ortodox but predominantly with russian heritage . 
  dont mock me , i have typing disroder and its classified as mts-male typing syndrome . 
  you type with typoes but still you make a goddamn point . 
  ... our monetary systems are encouraging banks to give unpayable debts to future homeless people ? 
  it took you only 3 hours to post this original master piece on fake account ? 
  [ you are smarter than i tought ] ( http://gifsec.com/wp-content/uploads/gif/2014/05/slow-clap-gif.gif ), 
   well its more that this current way is bad , so if you want to find `` right '' way you should just stop shooting yourself in the foot constantly.thats a good start . 
  thats answer , and obama beats bush , not me . 
  why you have to understand , worry your worries and goodbye . 
  this isnt geopolitics , what we talk is pretty regional here.you ask question i respond to you in pretty clear laymans terms so you can understand and now im like your ex ? 
  smart girl she was thogh . 
  im not sure that you are even supposed to understand that . 
  there is no masterplan but there is a obvious problem . 
  we were no allowed to compete with foreign industries , hence the sanctions in 1990 - . im not talking about yugo will compete with bmw but we were blocked from even exporting common goods that could have made market in eu.even after that we had somewhat of a stable economy with solid domestic production.serbia economic downfall start right at the same time as eu candidature.in literally same year.with `` democracy and free market '' crap . 
  you know what?we didnt even need foreign money , before `` democratic revolution '' we had less then 10b of all debt combined.now its 80bilion , in a decade and a half of democracy and `` progress '' , quality of life changed upwards cant be even seen in statistics . 
  the kind of open market you talk about works wonders if you lvie in develpoed country , are not pressured to sell out and be invaded by foreign capital , in case of small developing countries , selfenacted economic isolation is the way to go in the long run , just so you can protect your own industry from sharking abroad . 
  there is no conspiracy against serbia but on the other hand , nobody gives a rats ass what will happen to it as long as they made profit for themselves . 
  nah , we just shoot into archdukes . 
  we dont have domestic production anymore , everything was bought off , not by market price but in pretty shady way , and eu companies got most out of that.its not common market if you just take over whole industries cause you and your corrupted pal that you made primeminister , trade huge national wealth for a milion something in pocket . 
  you are on the other side of that stick so you cant understand , but here its pretty clear . 
  quite the oposite you say?im here waiting for 1 thing good for serbia that eu provided.just 1 thing and without `` we wish you the best '' with no evidence to back it . 
  cause of eu , as we speak , we are flooded with refugees from middle east , that cant go to eu cause you know how `` free pass for people and goods '' work , but cant be expeled from serbia either `` cause thats bad for eu citizenship '' , on top of everything i listed before . 
  uk , france and germany all had their fingers in the arab springs , and now we have to feed those poor people , yea , thanks eu . 
  well its more that this current way is bad , so if you want to find `` right '' way you should just stop shooting yourself in the foot constantly.thats a good start . 
  its the fact that truth hurts when you hit into some1 who doesnt care about carma and says how it really is . 
  dont be pussy to talk about me without talking to me directly , its sucha croat thing to do . 
  sorry , it looks really bad when i look at it now . 
  wont edit so your comment can still be on point . 
  1.500.000.000 that will buy our telekom that is yearly making 200m of pure profit like right now.and thats after gouvermnet picks some out for budget.by accepting that , and ton of similair credits we actually didnt need , eu is killing this country.people wont see dime from it . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/predatory_lending 100 % this everything that come as `` help '' eu was backed with indecent proposal and request . 
  its that easy  have politicians you bought , and you basicly buyout country without shot fired.germany or austria from what i know will get that company with more that 10.000.000 users in 3 countries for less then that amount you mentioned . 
  you took 4 words out of whole context and you compile everything i said in to that . 
  again , for everyone with reading comprehension , when you look at what was russia doing for us and more importantly what is doing for us today , and just get a quick glance on what eu is doing , choice is pretty clear . 
  tl ; dr russia is and was more helpfull to serbia than eu was and we broke our fucking backs running to that same eu . 
  eu is treating serbia as 8 milion people market for cheap and hightrained ( at same time ) workforce , for goods that doesnt fit criteria to be put in eu markets , for privatizations of national companies that still makes tons and tons of money for serbia ( our telekom , electrosystems ... ) and on top of all that they are taking 15 % our territory and calling it independent . 
  life quailty deteriorated so much that you will hear people saying that ( apart from the hyperinfaltion times 1992-1993 in serbia ) living under milosevic regime was more tolerable . 
  you know , when you are not karmawhoring , its easier for you to tell whatever unpopular opinion while rest walk away.if you did read what was downvoted , you would know that same problem is happening to your ( liberated and formed by serbia ) country as we speak.and you and youth there is unaware of that shit even happening.its not hard you can read serbian , you have it in school and its not in cyrilic . 
  that being said , you cant seriously consider history by reading children colourbooks ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i_casualties we in serbia payed full price for our freedom.hefty one.i just wont hear this kind of stuff from guy that got his nation free , out europe joined effort , to revision history as he seems fit . 
  nope . 
  http://www.srbijadanas.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/slobodan-milosevic-ivica-dacic-790x652.jpg left milosevic right that guy.now minister of foreign affairs , persona non gratta in eu decade ago.imagine that and imagine whos puppet he is now , or imagine what kind of great stuff you have or had to do in eu interest for brussels to change its mind . 
  they are giving you wrong impression that people here like idea about eu and nato . 
  nato is hated since they interviended multiple times against serbia 1990-s . eu is forcing us into some not logical debts and privatizations . 
  only top officials have nice words about eu project lately.general public is not so hyped anymore.dont get me wrong , we dont hate eu or people for eu countries , we just dont like our position and eu stance against us.thats that . 
  history exist before 1991 son.maybe they dont allow you foreign printed books , but you have internet . 
   serbia is just friendly towards russia , but at the same time already on its way to join eu and later nato . 
  the kremlin does n't seem to realize it though . 
  well actually its not like this when you look at bigger picture . 
  look at serbia now like ukraine in lets says 15 years . 
  15 years ago , we had our own euromaidan , and on same principle we overthrowned legit gouverment , who was arguably good or bad , but still legit . 
  since then , there is predominant us and eu influence here to so much extent that alot of people doesnt even believe in regularity of most elections after year 2000 . 
  btw , that guy in your link , is litteraly leading party of the same `` dictator '' west overthrowned in 2000 , milosevic.he was basicly milosevic spokesperson . 
  serbia is not `` just '' friendly with russia , we owe them alot , and we were not forced to own them , they helped us when we needed help the most , on multiple occasions . 
  if times comes , god forbid , that we need to choose , either west or russia , dont believe in dacic . 
  you sound pissed about the fact that black hand basically gave your country borders first time in history . 
  slavic + ortodox is the key here . 
  prorussian and anitwestern also . 
  im pretty sure that whole of this wouldnt even happen if there wasnt that euromaidan stuff . 
  west was backing that event that took down legit prorussian government . 
  crimea is all that moscow wanted , cause it would be ugly if it stayed in ukraine under this new regime and the whole antirussian attitude of it . 
  and sanctions dont really work , russian lived hellofalot worse 15 years ago.they had nothing then and went forward . 
  now , they are expanding , have pretty good economy to fall back on , gas oil web , they will live trough sanctions like it nothing . 
  i do agree but in the context i said , and looking at russia position today , do not try to pick fight with them over ukraine.its their sphere of influence and they will engage.its just not worth it . 
  whole bosnia war was like that article though . 
  who gave you right to lol at anyone ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixrcom01lm im talking in general ww1 and post era kind of way . 
  by your logic , rome is the shit . 
  absolutely , srebrenica was inside job . 
  lem me say this , im my 35 years , i gave 0 fucks about events in berlin after 1945 . whatever happened happened with a fucking good reason . 
  i dont really feel for german women then and there , they didnt go trough gas chambers atleast . 
  saying in berlin : `` better to have a russian on your belly than an american over your head '',
