  we could make fence unilaterally , but : we would breach un conventions of refugee and asylum rights , we would get the same problems hungary gets from eu now , and the last but not the least , we actually dont have problem with them and we are not the country of their chosing . 
  people cry from croatia and serbia alike about some hotspots , refuge camps and shit , but in all reality even if eu forcefully dumped them here , they will still continue to go western europe illegaly and get jobs there illegaly , cause they do n't want to stay in economical shitholes of countries . 
   we deliver them all to croatia ?!, 
  are you aware how many of them went to hungary in last couple months ? 
  for them , this refuges crisis started with the fence , september 15th . 
  they could n't fucking possibly anticipate that closing hungarian border ( announced 1 month prior to closing mind you ) would make them new ideal transit country to germany.you need like a team of thousand milanovic to calculate that shit trough . 
   uncontrolled immigration is serious business and a country the size of croatia ca n't afford to become the dumping ground for hundreds of thousands of foreigners who have all sorts of needs . 
   even if they 're only passing through it 's still a huge burden . 
   having normal neighbors . 
  you do understand that `` not normal '' neighbors are dealing with this for almost 6 months and did n't collapse like croatia did , in 22 hours . 
  country of macedonia ( fyrm for malakas ) , eu candidate , survived it , croatia , eu member , cant ? 
  someone in brussels made a mistake if you look it this way . 
  logic 101 is not spinning like this , in his comment he made whole this thing as a `` immigrant flood problem '' and that serbia reacted with countermeasures cause of that and not cause of truck traffic ban , and that my friend is not logic , thats bullshit . 
  that just changed after milanovic got scrubbing in brussels.it was in effect till 12:00 . serbian passport , internationally recognized , was enough to stop your entry.classic ndh . 
  `` stop the immigrant flood '' does n't say that lorries are stopped.had to add it . 
  this is why we need flairs linked to atleast geotag . 
   croatia closes the border to stop the immigrant flood , passenger cars still allowed i do n't want to insinuate why you did n't mention that in this particular step you halted all truck traffic that led to this whole mess . 
  late to party that guy who deleted comment had to be a croat right ? 
   croatia opened cause they were closed for 2 days and even for that types of goods.tried to spin it abit didnt you . 
  that flair of yours is making upvoters think this reached all the way to us . 
  [ made for this ] ( http://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/aoz8kgx8pzknypz7z38n.jpg ), 
  milanovic managed to survive , now we have to try it . 
  time to nationalize idea and frikom i suppose . 
  officially , you are not even remotely able to cope with fraction of refuges as eu country while eu candidate country can take full impact from greece . 
   iranian passwords til : exnazis are tripping they jew now . 
  this is lawsuit material . 
  dont u just hate how xenophobic and intolerant to muslims that putin guy is?look at eu leaders and learn about respecting other religions , you cant be uncivilized like this putin.big nono.you could get sanctions for this . 
  that was some long ass resistance . 
   the us should put the missiles in poland tbh . 
  i mean what else can russia do short of war ? 
  yea , lets chase the guy with a bomb to the end of blind alley and jump on him.yolo . 
   who will hire them ? 
  they do not speak the language and have no documentation and limited education . 
  you are right , they might see some work in low shops and such but they will still not make enough to have an apartment or live any better than in the foreign countries . 
  construction business is all they need to get into.they will work for money average german worker will laught at . 
  i said everything in first reply to you , everything else is just looking at your sorry ass bitching around . 
  this is more of a political statement from ukraine to russia in every sence of the word , plebs dont have to understand anything but on top they know . 
  this is basicly just statement that ukraine doesnt support russia poll with militaristic sound . 
  i understand now 1913 completely . 
  just what i wanted to say ,100 % approval < the forcing nato in open conflict . 
  what facts , you are spewing bullshit left and right and im just pointing it with a stick.i dont know who is brainwashed here , countries who think in their own capitols or the ones that collectively think in brussels and berlin . 
  you are media spinned so much no wonder you are this dizzy . 
   bombed hospitals and schools and mass-murdered more of its own people than isis has to this day . 
  propaganda shit , i know , trust me , personal experience not media bullshit.same like sadam had mass destrution weapons  isis was set up by former saddam officers who escaped iraq when the us coalition and al-maliki government destroyed the insurgency there . 
  clearly russia to blame here.us and eu had nothing to with it . 
   that 's why the us has been bombing them for more than a year and even co-operating with its biggest enemy in the region - iran , for the first time in decades . 
  again clear russian responsibility for refuges.us and eu had nothing to with it . 
   as for the eu bduiling isis , when brussels is a joke that does n't even have its own foreign policy , let alone capability to support any foreign groups - it just shows how paranoind , uneducated and frankly stupid you are . 
  not reacting doesnt remove your responsibility , further more it makes u even more responsible , hence the hordes . 
  you wouldnt be a shill without ad hominem right ? 
  well last time i checked , syria doing ok till eu and us start building isis . 
  mhm , by that logic 9/11 could never happen . 
  you gave them macaron didnt you ? 
   the austerity cuts asked for heavy reductions to the military funds . 
  back \u00b7 fire ( b\u0103k \u2032 f\u012br \u2032 ) intr.v . 
  back \u00b7 fired 1 . 
  to explode in the manner of or make the sound of a backfire . 
  to start or use a backfire in extinguishing or controlling a forest fire . 
  to produce an unexpected , undesired result . 
  german austerity measures . 
  its ok , it well written letter with good point and all but : `` dear europe , do n't lose patience with us . 
  we assure you , we are capable of doing a lot ! '', 
  almost vomited.grow some balls.seriously . 
   confederations do n't work unless they are strictly loose . 
  pretty much , we had a country named yugoslavia that was for all intents and purposes mini eu.it started like this , everyone pulling their own side , foreign and domestic factors fueling tensions ,1 by 1 asked for exit , with civil war in the end . 
  still far from it in eu situation , but very similar with strict control incorporated by 1 side . 
  spark that lit the fuse means `` something that caused something '' `` was simply '' , like it just shoot someone and nothing else.ok , gn . 
   serbia was simply the spark that lit the fuse . 
  im not sure what you are saying now , and i wont link you anything here , see who won first allied battle of ww1 , alone . 
   lol serbia did n't dictate european foreign policy . 
  oh it pretty much did and for 4 years non the less . 
   you stumbled into something accidentally historic , but the reasons had nothing to do with serbia . 
  im not sure you know what you talk about here.you said that little countries are not significant , and you are wrong.dont underestimate slovakia . 
  [ something something ] ( http://www.musiclipse.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/you-could-have-it-so-much-better-franz-ferdinand-cover-album1.jpg ) i 'm shocked you didnt understand it in the first place . 
  smaller countries dictated european future , flair checks out . 
  i just heard that from today in czech republic , slovakia , romania , hungary and poland number 4 is actually number 3 . i 'm confused . 
  i was expecting that , but you were only one who had any kind of sane argument there , and for what i said to you i apologized.i dont have problem with their comments but i wasnt really polite with you in the end . 
  1 sentence nationalistic stuff . 
  you sound like a salesman that got a clear no , but continues with his marketing . 
  edit : you are not the guy i initially tought of , but still dont sell me what i dont want to hear or buy.hybrid sorts of seeds are good for world now , we dont need gmo . 
  oh yes , i remember , sorry for last part , you werent troll like other were . 
  good ol democratic elections , where man/woman who is losing support and next elections in her country can sell out people 's will there for his own personal buttrest in eu institutions . 
  i look at you poland , and i know exactly how it feels . 
  didnt we argue recently ? 
  edit : yap , we did.given this is completely different subject . 
   pm said croatia will not be the eu 's refugee camp well , he said alot of populist stuff that did n't happen lately , so ... 
  complete bullshit.like every single sentence you said there is complete bullshit.absolute lies.im adding you to the list where u/sleekery is.you can enter gmo thread , find his username , and without reading one single word , just reply with `` bullshit '' and you are 100 % right . 
  source farmer . 
  you just added that part i did n't even see it , 
   europe ca n't provide them with wealthy life either . 
  that 's something countries need to work for . 
  well germany can , actually germany could and would have , but its impossible on this scale.spreading them everywhere is lesser evil.stopping the syrian war should be top priority . 
  i just linked that cause its cute . 
  ( just between us , whenever you see someone defending gmo with more than 3 replies , he shilling , ignore that and let him earn his seeds . ), 
  farmers and gardeners have been cultivating new plant varieties for thousands of years through selective breeding . 
  they did this by cross-pollinating two different , but related plants over 6 to 10 plant generations , eventually creating a new plant variety.we call them hybrids.this technique is called hybrid , matter not they created something in 1500ad or in 1950-s . `` unlike hybrid seeds , gmo seeds are not created using natural , low-tech methods . 
  gmo seed varieties are created in a lab using high-tech and sophisticated techniques like gene-splicing . 
  furthermore , gmo seeds seldom cross different , but related plants . 
  often the cross goes far beyond the bounds of nature so that instead of crossing two different , but related varieties of plant , they are crossing different biological kingdoms -- like , say , a bacteria with a plant . '', 
   they are displaying traits that they would not in the wild , nor would they if left alone .
