  same as serbian way i see . 
  wait till you hear about big ranks in bbc, 
   the taxi trade is obsolete , and i love seeing it dismantled . 
  i would rather take a taxi from official company that does everything regulated than some godknows whom who undercuts , drive fingerscrossed working car , and dont have any background check whatsoever . 
  i have a car , but if i had to use service , it would be taxi over uber . 
  then this one is unsucesfull.tons of police and blocked for anything centre of belgrade . 
  its doesnt say but it also dont say they cant.i asked numerous people , show me what forbids them to ask asylum in germany apart from some schengen regulations that are overruled by 1951 un declaration and that dont even apply to them, 
  oh it is allright , but is it smart . 
  well someone have to fill jew gap . 
  ill see myself out . 
  dont make them macaron and they are cool . 
  problem is you cant do it on the fly in middle of it . 
  guy , i was saying in some bad comedian kind of way , that one of un main purposes is stoping ww3.and they are doing just that . 
  im not sure u are aware of what you are proclaiming here , cause if un are a joke , then all of this peace we have is a joke too.people tend to get very itchy when they live in peacefull environment for too long . 
  im not fond of saying this , but `` kosovo '' * had more viable reasons to seek independence . 
  well ... 
  i checked , there is 0 data about refuges being registered in slovenia.im just saying to other guy , only hungary and serbia took responsibility of registering them . 
   but when they are coming from greece further into europe , this no longer applies , as they are not running from syria , but they are running from greece . 
  you do understand that there isnt any law that force refuges to ask for asylum in first safe place , apart from france law that directly confronts un based refugee status ? 
  its ok , i tried and failed . 
   every single immigrant in slovenia walked to austria on foot . 
  you 're making things up . 
  only a couple of people applied for asylum while everyone else just continued on their way . 
  how many you registered ? 
  nps , thanks , 
  2 things . 
  1 . un resolution of free passage for refuges  schengen , and they were getting registered first in serbia ( not valid for eu but still registered ) , then in hungary . 
  2 . they were already in schengen in greece . 
  that doesn look like [ french flag ] ( https://3bjgtq3pgxw24bcrsr1awly2-wpengine.netdna-ssl.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/white-flag.jpg ) at all, 
  what i said is that everyone read it wrong without thinking and that everyone will undestand by default and have crooked picture of croatia doing registration , and even worse , that most of those 13k people are young man we saw on serbia-hungary border ? 
  thats a good `` misstyped title '' propaganda if you ask me . 
  i understand that , but there isnt a law in knows universe , except for french clause maybe , that forces refuges to get safehaeven in first safe country . 
  well he was actually competent cause only 2 of read it properly ? 
  well it sounds abit harsh but he is somewhat right.only time when serbs go batshit crazy against lgbt is when this parade is announced . 
  i dont know but i think approach of lgtb community to acceptance is dead wrong.if they went for it trough charity events , community service , random citizen gathering for comon cause they would get far more popularity than by blocking city and forcing something majority doesnt want . 
  well even if it doesnt change anything , you still have to point out bullshit right ? 
   refugees are the ones in jordan , lebanon and turkey , the people coming here are immigrants . 
  this is the problem.u are asuming that asylum seekers are immigrants on sole reason they are aware of the fact they will be out of syria for a while.so is it better to be refuge in lebanon and jordan or being refuge in germany . 
  you are watching this whole thing from your pocket , and they do exactly that also . 
  it was very subtle indeed but if you know whats happening you see propaganda stuff.you didnt even reply to me there , you replied o some guy from spain who saw the same thing . 
  i know i know its changed nowadays to `` whatugonnadoaboutism '', 
  he had to make `` kosovo '' * show up separate . 
  whatabouit ? 
  ok , my bad i didnt really say like i should have.what i meant is that only hungary did the registration process , all those other countries just let immigrants in without any registration whatsoever on their border and transported them to nearest border of another country . 
  thats not immigrant fault . 
  first one sounds like that there were many asylum seekers there but only 1 women with her family , and makes croatia legit country that follow asylum laws and is registering people . 
  what he said later is what happened , only 1 woman and her children and nobody else asked for asylum in croatia.that means , if you compare number of refuges and given asylums in serbia , that croatia did n't actually register any of them . 
  two completely different beasts . 
   of course there are . 
  the ones registering in hungary , croatia , slovenia , greece and the ones in lebanon or turkey . 
  from every country here , only hungary had any double digit % of registration , those other listed didnt even try to register them at all ... you now sound like misinformed guy who is frighted by tv . 
  thats the reason i called you `` stupid '' not xenophobe clone , but stupid copy.is that proper way to insult in 2 posts ? 
  i shit you not , i remember you from here https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3leybm/out_of_13500_migrants_who_have_entered_croatia/cv6awh9?context=3, 
  you understand there is alot of real refuges among them?you should have sympathy for them.syrian war is a real war , and refuges from there are real as it gets refuges . 
  im not converting nazis here , im just trying to make sure eu holds to eu values as eu candidate state citizen . 
  they are not really use to media spinning like we are here , so im giving some kind of directions.thanks . 
  you really need to tone it done a bit . 
  nowadays you cant even talk with 1 xenophobe without stupid copy of him leaching on ... 
  this is just xenophobia talking out of you.im here in serbia.i met some of them , dont judge them by media . 
  it fucking is for refuges , that 's the whole point , you cant tell them where they will ask for asylum.their pick . 
  oh cmon now , `` invading '' ? 
  arrest those how steal and assault , but we are talking here about mass of people that just want to go to germany nothing more nothing less . 
  it was funny actually cause there wasnt alot of fuss about it , they just waited for parade to be over and gone at it like its everyday business . 
  your understanding of basic human rights is more in line with nazis . 
  hitler had same logic that his laws are only laws that should be followed . 
  you know its successful when 500 homosexuals and government officials combined go to parade while they are secured by 5000 policeman in locked downtown . 
  bonus , whole trace of parade was literally exorcised by priests of our church after parade was over . 
  yap , complete success . 
  robbing oil , rebuilding destroyed infastructure by us contractors , controling entire countries by puppet gouverments , propeling wars so your militialy industry isnt out of business , dollar enforcing i can go on and on , but tl : dr fuck yourself on my sources . 
   then please elaborate by which right are eu states obligated to let them throught to ther wanted destination without ( or with ) legal papers . 
  refugee status.ammount of stupid bullshiters here is astounding . 
  i can understand actions of every country in this whole mess and that alot of stuff is interconnected and that balkan countries juggle refuges so germany can buy some time , but in the end of the day , eu solidarity failed big time , xenophobia is reaching sickening levels and industrial powerhouse germany that is unofficial leader of whole union managed to express all of its incompetence in 1 single crisis . 
  sincerely candidate citizen . 
  i dont remember saying nothing about refuges and asylum seekers being the same.you can be asylum seeker while being a refugee but you can be asylum seeker without being refugee . 
   they do n't apply for asylum though , they just keep moving towards countries where they can get better benefits . 
  do you understand how logical this sounds ? 
  greece couldnt handle all of them , they have problem managing greeks in greece nowadays.it was to be expected that they wont be registered in mass there so they went trough that registration when they entered serbia from macedonia [ bit old data ] ( http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=18&amp;nav_id=95135 ) and then they went trough same procedure in hungary again , in similar if not better % of registration.everything was going good till germany and austria started to panic . 
  greece ( eu country in schengen ) is where they originally landed so your point is not only not valid but uninformed.both countries are eu candidates and are managing situation far better than most members . 
   em ... nothing the un says actually matters . 
  we just pretend it does . 
  i dont have anything to discuss with you anymore . 
   they were n't registered before the fence went up , that was the main problem . 
  almost all the migrants who proceeded to austria -  germany after the incident at keleti station refused to be registered . 
  they refused to be registered again cause they were already registered on serbia-macedonia border as far as i remember , and thats only a fraction of them . 
  and border checks are fine , but border checks in for refuges in eu started to look like deliberate stalling.im telling that also , but again , fences are not really a good sign of good intentions , and not , fences arent there cause people refused to register.here in serbia we registered over 90 % of them . 
  un resolution  dublin regulation.you cant enforce regional laws by breaking universally set standards . 
   no there is no obligation , but it seems that the illegal entry and presence must be tolerated only if they are coming from a country that 's not considered safe . 
  but they are coming from country that is considered a warzone , the fact they have to pas multiple countries to seek asylum in country of their choosing means nothing . 
   on a more pragmatic note : how do you think the above mentioned article applies to those who have passed through hungary , croatia , greece , etc. 
  in the last few weeks ? 
  not only did they not present themselves to the authorities , they outright refused to follow due process . 
  till fence in hungary majority of them in hungary were actually registered.this crisis last for couple of months now and people only talk about it like its started on serbia-hungary border . 
  croatia didnt even try to register them in first place , they were completely unprepared for something that was happening in their neighborhood for quite some time , and apart from populism did actual nothing . 
  greece.well im sure you are aware of economic situation there , and far more importantly , how big they shore ( in this case border ) is.i dont think anyone expected anything to be sorted or managed there with this many refugees coming.eu should have reacted there in first place , with manpower and alot of money to ease the pressure on them . 
   interesting , so you are saying un resolutions prevent any border control applying to a person so long as their country of origin is at war ? 
  no.border control stays the same.refuges just get easier entry . 
   are there any limits on that ? 
  so for instance , can a syrian living in london as an official refugee get on a plane to the us and walk when you ask and get asylum you become asilant and you stop being refuge or asylum seeker.if that syrian guy got asylum there , then he can not gain refugee status again until scotland invade england . 
   they are not coming directly from a territory where their life or freedom is in danger there is no obligation under the refugee convention or any other instrument of international law that requires refugees to seek asylum in any particular country . 
   they do n't present themselves without delay to the authorities when you deny them access they cant .
