  i believe that institution of church by far precedes electorial government system we use today , and in this particular case about 80 % of people got opressed in some way.it almost feels like atheists are agresive to religious people cause they dont understand the , if nothing else , cultural heritage of church , whatever religion it migh be . 
  mhm , by that logic there wouldnt be any governmental funding for political parties . 
  you have serious readin comprehension yank.i said `` investments '' world bank is your source rofl.they are more biased than white police officer in detroit . 
  why are you people so touchy we you are faced against facts , ukraine , syria now every move you make is challenged , rough times ahead make people really edgy . 
  half of montenegro didnt , but i guess you have free press in us . 
  list steps of that process then?in montenegro case.and political statements . 
  what im saying this is jerk move cause of syria situation , nato needs montenegro?really ? 
  its country that is clearly in russian sphere of interest.look at investements in montenegro in past decade . 
  same here , but tradition wise is nice to have working institutions that were there for hundreds of years.its stupid to cut funds to church , although some of it is wasted on whatnot , cause its not really interfering with secularity till it start doing daily politics . 
  you fund alot of stuff happening in country , but you cut funds to your national herritage?not really logical atleast to me . 
  5000-10000 but lower number is probably more accurate.bear in mind , same % of ukraine protested in 2014 in kiev and it was enough.now , by some logic , not even referendum is ok let alone government change . 
  no , you live in dictatorship where nobody asks you anything , rings a bell?this nato boom invite came officially just after ruskies engaged in syria . 
  i asked couple of people here , you are 4th i think , gim me a qoute of any official from montenegro saying that they will join nato without referendum.this is being forced onto people . 
  this still looks bit strange but ok . 
  ofc it is , nato , however you look at it , is led by us.why is us dwindling in eu ? 
  if we were talking about some european alliance then this story would be pretty much ok with everyone . 
  yes it is , although stealth isnt hiding heat signal form engines that good . 
  are you even reading . 
  this is a big deal , this is not everyday `` should milk price go up 2 % poll '' , and handfull of easily corrupted politicians , like its case here , cant , actually they can cause we live in a pretty fuckedup world , but they shouldnt be able to sign this kind of treaty without public poll . 
  especially after mass protests happened less than month ago and they turned out pretty violent and opresive . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_romania hm ,80 % of people agree with this ? 
  source of 5 tons is for enriched uranium hence this : `` kristensen says that a nuclear weapon fueled by plutonium would solve this problem since the required materials are lighter . 
  for example , the u.s. department of energy estimated that about 9 pounds ( 4 kilograms ) of enriched plutonium or pu-239 would be enough to build a small nuclear weapon , though some scientists believe that 2 pounds ( 1 kilogram ) of pu-239 would suffice . '', 
  now its getting scary , 
  you should piss off with your sensless hatred , actually i should kinda report this kind of shit . 
   yeah because corrupt ass politicians promised ties with west , but instead said `` fuck you people , we stay with russia '' , over-throw was reasonable because people wanted it . 
  you understand that , if we look at % , more people demonstrated in montenegro against nato then in kiev maidan . 
  im kinda sick of people here who are affraid of russia , if we look thoughout history , you own them big time and you can feel they are in situation to collect debts . 
  tremble all you want i dont give a fuck actually . 
  http://belfercenter.ksg.harvard.edu/files/inmm-pu2.pdf from that do the math : http://www.livescience.com/5752-hard-nuclear-weapons.html `` according to the union of concerned scientists , a nuclear bomb needs about 33 pounds ( 15 kilograms ) of enriched uranium to be operational . '', 
  `` kristensen says that a nuclear weapon fueled by plutonium would solve this problem since the required materials are lighter . 
  for example , the u.s. department of energy estimated that about 9 pounds ( 4 kilograms ) of enriched plutonium or pu-239 would be enough to build a small nuclear weapon , though some scientists believe that 2 pounds ( 1 kilogram ) of pu-239 would suffice . '', 
  ukraine is prime example of what happens when west help to forcefully overthrow legaly elected governments.i agree . 
  yes , but on other hand if new massing of nuclear weapon arise , you think someone could compete with china ? 
  you are completely right , some people cant see things unbiased, 
  did i say somewher that direct democracy is needed here for every issue ? 
  i asked some other guy to give me quote of any politician from montenegro says that they will join nato without public poll, 
   do you even comprehend the inanity of what you 're saying ? 
  romania has a complete functioning democracy , sovereignity and nobody has been doubting that for many years now . 
  you are complete delusional guy ill give you that . 
   we do n't even have much american investment in the country , less than poland or hungary . 
  as if that mattered . 
  also , significantly less than serbia who lives off american aid , sucking the good american dick wrapped in dollar bills you are prety much talking about romania here buddy . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_states_with_nuclear_weapons i could be wrong on `` far more than nato '' but when you look at it , nato combined is slighty more capable than russia alone . 
  is there a war?is joining nato military secret?arent those same people on referendum same actual people who have the power to elect government ? 
  and now they are retarded to say yes or no to subject they didnt know it was coming when they voted on elections ? 
  thats why referendums are made for . 
  you dont know history dont you ? 
   i had hoped you serbs would get over your primitive , destructive , genocidal culture but here we are . 
   i do n't know why they did n't level belgrade fully . 
  cause they tried for ages and ate a bagfull in the end every single time.even morons learn that , sorry for offense . 
  20 + - years ago.and making deals with both east and west.you cant just hand over entire economy like most balkan countries did.thats not a sucess . 
  right.conformism is overrated . 
  tell me if joining military alliance isnt something that should be brought to general public instead of couple of politicians . 
  siding with russia kinda always produced results that were ok , dont you worry , 
  y but tracking stealth airplanes is not really new stuff . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1999_f-117a_shootdown i always love to link this , 
  our history is tied to russia , not us not uk , for sure not germany , to some extent to france . 
  we know what is good for us , what price we can pay , and what we should generaly avoid.if you will progress like us colony , then no tnx.it goes far back with our people . 
  fools who forget history are bound to repeat it . 
   this does not source your claim . 
  it lasted 2 months , started after nato talks started out , against government , nice logic it doesnt source my claims . 
   incorrect . 
  according to our law , referendums are not held for membership in international organizations which do not dictatorship laws are not always good laws . 
  see how proper countries do that stuff : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swiss_referendums,_2014  are you serious ? 
  nato was on their agenda for the last decade , and there have been countless elections since . 
  link me pre election program where it quotes they will pursue nato membership without public poll.wont respond to this nonsense till you do cause i can sense you are milo 's employee . 
  more advanced than s400?you ok ? 
  you can type with mouthfull of us parts , nice , practice does wonders . 
  http://www.balkaninsight.com/en/article/riot-police-break-up-montenegro-anti-government-protest-10-17-2015-1  there is no constitutional basis for having the referendum . 
  referendum is something that is used in this situations , this goverment didnt have in its program that will join nato , nobody voted for it so it basicaly screams for referendum on this issue  you are living in an imaginary reality where you think that montenegrins feel the same way that you do and the government is somehow acting against the popular will . 
  referendum and then talk . 
   strong political majority people said otherwise on streets . 
  this is the problem with everything pushed in this way.criminals in montenegro government , same leader for 20 + years will go for any deal that will save his butt.he wont organize referendum , he will do it on his own will.against will of people that were bombed by nato 16 years ago.those people who lost their loved one and homes still remeber , and while they are there nation remebers.government like the current one is corrupt as corrupt gets . 
   also lets be realistic that countries outside of nato have far more nuclear capacity . 
  that . 
   what a disaster . 
  a european country in the vicinity of plenty of other european countries ca n't be invited to partake in something most european countries partake in without drawing criticism from others . 
  are you talking about us influence over whole europe or something else ? 
  also lets be realistic that countries outside of nato have far more nuclear capacity . 
  russia dont want it , china likes russia , go figure . 
  how is that so ? 
  im seriously hopping that you are trolling . 
  tbh if violence against women skyrocket in sweden , talk to this guys . 
  you are so young you dont remember i went there while we were same country , sucked then sux now.most overpriced place in europe for sure . 
  rome or coastal village , hm ... 
  there is little difference between neoliberals and neonazis , key difference we exterminated later . 
  i say that ~ ~ muslim terrorists ~ ~ bosniaks can learn greek , thats what im saying . 
  its common rule that our surnames ends with '' \u0107 '' , so you with some kind of instinct know that last `` ch '' isnt '' \u010d '' . 
  you are joking right ? 
  by shooting planes, 
  this is why we need geolocations for tags boys and girls, 
  we all know what he meant by that , its a fear and failure inducing statement to his math teacher . 
  its kinda hard when one is leading the rest of you . 
  what i said is that its far more easier to switch suplliers than enter some other market for placement of goods.thats why you have cheap fruits and vegies , cause it will spoil otherwise.farmers are losing money as we speak . 
  you just sound stressed out , so grab a snack or something , i just love pork thats all . 
  have a pork rib or something , you are really stressed out when you are hungry . 
  you understand that your farmers will suffer alot more in the long run by losing huge market while russians will find alternatives in pretty short notice , this is temporal hit for them and long term disaster for turkey . 
  you cant just say fu to established market of 120 million people.that only morons do . 
   you 're in for a shock then , because most radical islamists from turkey are ethnically kurdish .
