  im not sure you understand refuge and asylum seeker rights at all . 
   you are not required to immediately let them through if the bordering country they are coming from is not dangerous . 
  this is so very wrong.if they are in transit , and you check that on your border , there is no way you can deny them safe passage without breaking dozen of un resolutions.even if the country they are coming is somewhat safe.country of origin is far more important.they have the right of seeking asylum in country of their choosing . 
   without letting everyone in into an essentially border-free zone ( schengen ) first . 
  refuges are not affected by schengen.declarations we all made in 1946-1951 by far precede anything eu created , and in this case , created for free transit of people inside of eu , like its one country . 
  those people allready entered schengen memeber greece , they are coming from there , and you are stoping them again in hungary and austria . 
  think it like this , you know a criminal , and criminal is doing criminal stuff , but just because you know it and he is doing it he cant get directly to prison.courts are there for that . 
  immigrants ( criminals ) are among refuges.and you cant call them all immigrants cause of that.that for asylum committees ( courts ) in eu to decide . 
  you can do that with everyone who is n't refugee . 
   the us gives more $ $ $ in charity than any other country in the world us also makes most money out of destabilizing countries . 
  everyday macaron , no good . 
  they do that all the time , but most of the time they do it in common eu interest so you buy it . 
  us uk france and loudmouth germany . 
   the un is mostly an anti-european organisation . 
  no.un is mostly wold peace keeping organization.and in that fashion this statement is pretty ok.its a statement that confronts ongoing segregation and xenophobia in eu . 
   when was the last time they said something in our favor ? 
  look up.do u see nukes falling down?thank them . 
  in eu media for sure , but in reality they are doing right thing , only us are getting rekt now . 
  informational and enlightening statement but in a rank of `` bear shits in the woods '' . everybody knew that already but alot of people who had interest in it are in straight up denial . 
   all of them , in fact . 
  albanians , kosovars , bosnians and serbians . 
  its bullshit , cause serbia is a country that offers passports to people from `` kosovo '' if they sometime in the past had it.all of them had it and now statistic shows us there . 
  i dont see eu bitching for 5k serbian doctors and engineers they get annually for free . 
  did us guy just said this ? 
  when u see military status of eu countries is more likely this will start a fist fight . 
  well , its not like we bring up this argument when un says something in our favor . 
  its new meta , everyday macaron . 
  kebab is out of question, 
   i never denied that history though . 
  no one here is either . 
  fu , end of disusion . 
  ok thanks , and again i didnt mean like * it was awfull * , just its so different from what i expected of denmark , that i thought someone mixed pictures and countries . 
  its not that bad , i know its not modern and stuff , but it really rings like fast cheap building style in many socialist countries.its quite unique style . 
  about what?fictional number of killed people?that doesnt even matter.problem is denial . 
  croatia did same same amount of mass extermination germany did , based on country size.germany paid full price for it and generations to come will remember the shame their countryman did . 
  croatia never did any of that.they do n't have burden of past events , and that , in their heads , give them the right to moralize.no . 
  you know what , i triggered quite alot of you here , and quite fast.you are the last one that is answering in my post , and from everything i have read here , you all know you got out pretty easy . 
  you are safe in us . 
  do you even know what kind of nonsensical history revisional bullshit you linked here ? 
  they were never punished for it and they are taking moral highground.its not settled . 
  thats spectacular army actually.for invading tour de france . 
  im not saying its ugly or anything , its just that they resemble so much of our architecture of mid 1960s its shocking . 
  xenophobia and racism . 
  well last time germany asked , you happily made concentration camps and u ran them.you are the only country from former yugoslavia with expertise in that field.you just need to swap genocide with humanitarian work.croatia germany needs you once again !, 
  from what i remember , refuges dont eat apologies.or macaron . 
  well , he held his word about alot of things lately , so for sure he will stand his ground on this aswell . 
  austria at war , private firm : sorry , we dont have any free tanks at the moment , they will be available in 2 weeks , but in meantime have this free promotional bicycles with slot for rifles custom made * ( * rifles not included ), 
  loudmouth is to blame , not me . 
  edit : loudmouth incapable of anything but populism liar is what i wanted to say initially but that would be too much . 
  i dont think u understood what i was saying . 
  i said hordes of germanic barbarians raided civilized rome , and look where those barbarians are now . 
  its somewhat equally dangerous if you didnt even mention germany.unless germany is tasked of taking care of refuges, 
  fun fact , those barbarians are actually ancestors of modern day germans , let it sink in . 
  we didint hear other officials from eu countries lecturing everyone on how everyone will see croatian humanitarianism is better than any other . 
  thats some flawless logic by your government.they could disband police cause crimes only happen from time to time . 
  i understand your point but you said it yourself ,26 years after.i just thought that was pretty strange . 
  he is completely right , only countries that are rich and powerfull can survive.like austria-hungary empire . 
  russia saving eu from eu . 
  croatia `` everyday macaron '' macaron hate is real . 
  still 26 years ... russians bad ok , but destroying legacy of any sort of repression you suffered is good how ? 
  and when we do that , everyone is like `` thats a nono serbia '' , `` we will prosecute your generals serbia '' , `` something something genocide resolution atempt in un serbia '' , make a consensus then we will talk . 
  said lot of wrong = / = outright lied . 
  especially when they erect fences that harm them but benefit you for example . 
  whole eu is overreacting.cmon `` human dumpster '' . `` hotspots '' . 
  yes its clear that germany will drop some of them , but in this case hotspot place is serbia.we do n't need to become hotspot cause we are hotspot right fucking now.do u hear us going batshit crazy about it and calling refugees human waste?problems will arise for sure in following years , but we have a completely different situation to handle now.we are not dealing with wave at all , we are just juggling it . 
  whatever happens after this crisis , i does n't matter anymore if this is the way eu solidarity in practice works . 
  i joke man.when anyone starts talking about ww1 serbs are required to show up and start dickwaving.nothing to do with current situation . 
  if its only that , i believe he said just before refugees started coming that croatia is shocked how eu countries and her neighbors treat refugees and that they will show everybody how its done.is this what he meant ? 
   hungary refuses to become a human dumpster of germany . 
  well he wouldnt like to cause , you know , he is the chosen one who works for german company that can hire 9 more of him at the cost of 1 same german qualified worker . 
  i dont follow why did you need 39 years to take it down ? 
  on the other side of the spectrum : `` immigrants took hostage of 1 train and 40 croatian policemen and yolo-ed into hungary '', 
  but again you are wrong.they have right to ask for asylum in any country they see fit.i understand your point that greece is safe country to live , that macedonia and serbia ... well scratch those two , but if they are allowed to pick , why would they pick greece over germany?they , personaly , have so much to gain by being accepted by germany , so much thats a nobrainer really.why would a real refugee who fled think about eus taxpayer money when his existance is in danger ? 
  if you want to force them to go to first safe country and deny them access because of that , you should copy clause that france have : `` some of the criteria for which an asylum application can be rejected include : i ) passage via `` safe '' third country , '' and be known as worlds biggest cunt in existence . 
   there is no such thing . 
  letting illegal migrants through is a breach of international law , like schengen and eu law etc. 
  no , and we have problems here on reddit cause people are trying to justify their xenophobia with complete bullshit.you are calling them immigrants and i see what are you advocating but you are wrong , not because there are no illegal immigrants there , there are for sure , but because when you treat this whole entire wave as immigrant you are directly hurting real refugees . 
  listen , when people flee from war , they are refugees .4 million syrians have that status.and they gain right to seek asylum , in whatever country they think is the safest for them.i doesnt have to be first country they go in.they think its germany.germany cant deny them because she signed 1951 un declaration on human rights , asylum seekers treatment and refugee rights.now those refuges have to go there cause you can only seek asylum on territory of that particular country or embassy soil of country they are fleeing from.later wont happens cause of reasons.and thats why they are so eager to get there.asking for asylum from far away is usually denied cause of lack of logistical capabilites for background checks and what not . 
  now on their journey to their destination , they need to go trough couple of countries , they could in a way go directly to germany but its probably far more expensive and time consuming then using smugglers.anyhow when they enter a country on their way thats not their destination , they do inquiry about a lot of shit and they usually pass.that country thats not their destination becomes transit country ( like those 3 countries you said they are not ) . i went trough whole lot of typing to explain you pretty simple thing.thats why we need to process all of them , either in germany solo ( alot of time ) or all together.kick out who needs to be kicked out but give chance to real refugees.they arent imaginary and there is alot of them . 
  schengen isnt really a obstacle for this people , but you are trying to make it like a obstacle.you cant protect schengen while denying people entry who are not even affected by it.laws we universally agreed upon by far precede anything invented in eu for eu purposes . 
  i have read through whole of this thread , and thats the only thing i have to say . 
  even if you put that line in news , it would not be news . 
  all need to chill out.all 3 countries are just transit countries . 
  germany and eu will set quotas anyhow , for eu countries and candidates alike , there is no need for any additional tension about this . 
  i will never understand pricks that bring automobile to horse-chariot events, 
   all other nations are to shitty for their taste . 
  alot people say to us posting here `` you dont give a fuck about refugees cause they dont want to stay there in first place , you just dump them everywhere '' like they think there is some pride in being laughed off and evaded by people running from war torn countries . 
   the danube forms a giant part of the border towards serbia and the rest should be easier to control . 
  oh problem for croatia is not a influx of refugees from serbia directly.as you said danube is pretty much massive fence . 
  problem for croatia starts when refugees from serbia start massing in bosnia.gl with securing 1000km of dry land border . 
  so its logical for croatian goverment to take instant hit like those 15k that will be 15k less in next wave.and get some significant financial help from eu cause they can play on shock `` we didnt expect this much '' card . 
  kinda late but 1000 comments.oh boi . 
  / popcorn, 
  people living there do n't want to be there . 
  so nobody asked for asylum apart 1 women and here family ? 
  i got impression from title that some people asked for asylum and there was only 1 woman with her family . 
  endgame is germany setting number of immigrants per country while balkan countries try do provide them time to register them with this whole this farse.we are just buying time for germany with juggling refugees . 
  its not really 1912 anymore cause germanic archdukes are not what they used to be . 
  when i said get used to it , i literally meant like right now . 
  our money  human right,
