  really?i dont know anyone proeu anymore , not a single 1 . 
  he really said that wow . 
  in all actuality , whatever top officials say , people here are at best for eu 50-50 . at best.and that 's before brussels asks us to officially recognize `` kosovo '' as independent . 
  russia is far better alternative . 
  you are joking right ? 
   yes ? 
  congratulations , the czech republic contributed to the destabilization of the middle east . 
  no , cause you cant charge the cleaner guy for mess someone else made . 
  us and gb english is not 100 % same , so are this 2 . 
  http://www.army.cz/scripts/detail.php?id=5717 first page on google so we can talk facts . 
  they were doing same stuff like they did here , peacekeeping operations and medical stuff in iraq?how they are responsible again ? 
   serbo-croatian always annoys me . 
  i kinda hate the fact you have separate language group from serbian when you speak 100 % same language but write it in latin to differentiate.if you exclude newcroatian language made in 1990-s to make more difference.so much about linguistically constant for 400 years , you always spoke serbian . 
  your country wasnt on europe map prior to 1918 , dont start me with that crap here thanks . 
  could be cause they are in nato , and from what i know , being in nato pretty much comes with eu membership.except for baltics . 
  and comparing czech forces there with us ... cmon ... 
  can confirm, 
  are you the kind of people who thinks same on wednesday as he thought on monday regardless what happened on tuesday ? 
  you can praise us influence as much as you want , me , as southeastern european , can shit on same thing alot and not without a reason . 
  edit : added south , sorry for confusion . 
  why are baltic people so scared ? 
  ok , but you have shitton of refugees invading europe cause russia supported asad or something else happened?democracy in iraq for example?democracy in lybia?democracy in whole freaking northern africa ? 
  im from country that exactly knows how those `` democratic uprisings '' work.its not that magical as u are presented.its pure violence and robery in the end.those people are better under asad than under any us puppet . 
  cause they are only country that can force us influence out of targeted regions?see ukraine as latest example.if putin place his hand over something , its either open conflict or backing up for us.they like backing up more . 
  edit : just to be clear , when i said ukraine , it was in context of who supported maidan protests that took down legit president and how it backfired when russia said no . 
   this is a biased summary of the situation . 
  the russians are not the saviors here just as the u.s. is n't . 
  hah , you are talking about us who systematically destabilized whole region and russia who tries to stabilize it as same evil ? 
  you should be locked down to your continent . 
  [ nowadays its simple ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/a2yivvzeepy/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
   we can improvise . 
  you cant make camps sorry . 
  rob eu like a madman , then on first crisis call for end . 
  lack of any response to this pleases me , very well said, 
  like germans in ardenes apparently . 
   70 % of the people here knew it , but what are gon na do with puppet `` leaders '' . 
  it 's not like there was official vote or anything for the people , democracy in the eu is a farce ( more than usual ) . 
  exactly like situation here , we have government of eu payed bots . 
   well once it came out they did n't shy away from doing stories on it , including putting it in their news based tv shows like have i got news for you . 
  ok , but if you do propaganda you are not exactly stupid.so the fact that they did n't shy from that is nothing more but the best way to handle the situation , for them . 
  and im not blaming just people directly involved , im just saying , its not about people who did that , its about people who knew and kept their mouths shut for paychecks.they would n't lie about ton of more benning stuff for money?really ? 
  i do n't know guy , i tend to see as shady everything that rapes children and keep it as secret for about 30 years.if they could do that , why they could n't do some cold cash payed propaganda stuff everyday ? 
  so bbc in current form is not propaganda ? 
  thanks , 
   we are buying oil and gas no matter what , whats so bad about building a new pipeline ? 
  [ you are denying other countries same thing by abusing regulations for instance . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30292135 ), 
  one is good for our economy other is bad , hence there is distinct difference . 
  that would mean greece , macedonia and serbia would be in far more better position than they are now.who would want that ? 
  nice nice but there is just 1 little thingy here . 
  this are refugees.they ran from their homes for a reason.its does n't mean they would n't like to go back to their homes at some point . 
  so we could try to make this a functional city , or we could , i do n't know , stop trying so hard by supporting every opposition to asad that arises to make life in syria a living hell like we did in last couple of years . 
  you have your economy , now start working on humor . 
  how does that affect anything btw in this particular case ? 
  winter is coming, 
  http://i.imgur.com/m4ewtkl.jpg from world news , this is camp in jordan . 
  i can understand why they cant take them anymore.article also says jordan with population of 6 million took 1.5 million syrian refugees.makes whole eu look like a bunch of fascists . 
  you understand that 90 % of that number are gypsies that are being deported from various eu members to serbia every now and then ? 
  why so butthurt?if i say hague is a joke of a court i didnt say anything about our own justce system that is in fact the worst in known universe . 
  and since i know how corrupted justice system works , i stand by my statement . 
  hague is a joke . 
  one of the perks of living in balkans . 
  actually only perk.if its a perk even ... 
  i was just wondering about the fact that we are in some sense holding those people here in the open with cold weather incoming and they dont even want to be here , thats all . 
  you know what usually happens when you follow orders of chancellors from those 2 particular countries ? 
  and on more serious note , why is hungary , serbia , macedonia ( fyrm for malakas that got offended ) and greece flooded with people who just want to go to germany ? 
   one nod from empress merkel and the trains are on their way . 
  orban said yesterday , hungary only need to list refugees and fingerprint them , then they should be on their way to germany.they ( hungary i mean ) will give asylum to anyone who wants to stay in hungary.its practice everywere , we even answered to 500 asylum seekers here in serbia , but if people dont want to stay we cant force anyone . 
  if you did both things , isnt it more economic and humanitarian to just give some subventions to train companies to transport them fast and safe , instead of foreigners roaming all over your country ? 
  well yes , but still , if they could board trains to germany they wouldnt be forced to this ... 
  cause and consequence is name of all of this crisis . 
  [ i hope you are joking ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixrcom01lm ), 
  mickeymouse court is correct term . 
  that is praised by eu officials so much nowadays that is sickening actually . 
  bribes do wonders i guess . 
  [ dont panic its safe to drink even ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb4p-5fhd30 ), 
  this is basically how it feels to be on the wrong side of propaganda machinery . 
  trust me , i know . 
  nono , i was reffering at :  this is exactly how i feel , the media are constantly telling me to feel ashamed and to feel guilty as life in serbia for like last 25 years.even people that did n't have nothing to do with it . 
  look at flair and do n't get me started . 
  we do n't have to organize tournament to be in it , 
  but you do n't recognize bailouts for banks so you are good . 
  well you kinda recognized `` kosovo '' on same principle . 
   the main syrian opposition body , the syrian coalition , receives logistic and political support from major sunni states in the middle east , most notably turkey , qatar and saudi arabia . 
  france , britain and the us have also provided political , military and logistic support to the opposition . 
  private groups and individuals have also supported militant opposition forces . 
  its in first paragraph . 
   if this was true we would treat them like serbia . 
  ahm , just 1 little thingy , serbia is not in eu . 
  and actually we have pretty decent number refugees here for a quite while now.belgrade is filled with refugees and its 200km away from hungary border.cause they want to go to hungary as launch pad to germany , how do you think we should stop them . 
  500 of them asked for asylum here , they got it . 
  ahm , you really did n't even read the whole link you provided . 
  you are actually doing same stuff west tries to do now , spin stuff like nato intervention never happened and caused this refugee wave . 
  who supported oposition in your link?are you defending my post or what ? 
  i like you, 
  you are right , but than again if you watch too much television in serbia you could get totally different picture.we really like russia for its past deeds and cause of that bad-ass leading it now . 
  well they tried to understand it twice , but you know how that went . 
  if i knew it was easy as pressing ( edit ) ... 
  they would if isis let them use natural resources for free, 
  cause us/eu got involved and supported 1 side .
