  this was `` eu help '' all along , cheap assets.this will payoff in 1 tourist season.stay classy germany . 
  i cant help you comprehend the concpet of living badly 15 years ago and living pretty decent today with territory expansion.you cant grasp concept of living life without worrying about `` standards and money '' . your values are not the ideal ones . 
  why would we let it go when un says its ours . 
  you are rather optimistic or uninformed . 
  when we say that , all nato starts whining . 
  this thing however , in similair context , led to alot of dead jews . 
  if you carefully read though that comment , you have answers you ask for here.if you dont like them , well , thats another issue . 
  russians are living far better in any sence since putin came to power , even with current sanctions.now add crimea and basicaly hald of ukraine and heavy industry that comes with it , yes its looking good . 
  look syria and ukraine , im not sure if you are trolling or not . 
   it was the same in romania , they negotiated with a very corrupt gov. 
  problem here is , eu is openly supporting the same exact people that we part and very very very warmongering leaders of milosevic times.fuck logic right ? 
  ask yourself , who of those 2 made more problems to america ? 
  she quotes adolf , this cant go wrong . 
  not even remotely close to this helga , but butt . 
  i dont give a fuck about murican catchphrase for morons.guantanamo . 
  its based on same principle , us can do it russia will do it , fuck hypocrisy . 
   actually if we could get the albanian majority valley of presevo , bujanovac and medvegja , we 'd be happy to give northern kosovo to you . 
  never going to happen though !, 
  im not sure you will end up with anything in the end , that flair will be wishfull thinking . 
  that must be commercial cause i met couple of swed chicks and they looked more like helga from hogar comics . 
  they dont , they boycot them.over 50 % of population didnt vote cause of this kind of shit.eu dont mind that now , cause vucic ( lol persona nongrata for eu countris not more than 10 years ago ) is their player now , but they bitched and screamed when milosevic was wining on same scenario . 
  just to be clear about it current governemt got about 50 % of lets say 50 % that voted.and they are in coalition with godfuckingknows of how many satelite parties that chant `` eu no matter the costs '' . they buy voters , they violate freedom of jurnalists , they control every media in serbia atm , but eu is ok with that , cause they work for their cause . 
  hatred against this government is at all times high . 
  im biased against everything eu.so yes i fancy putin . 
  biased guys hate putin . 
  yeltcin was optimal rusian leader , for everyone else but russians.putin is complete oposite.thats not bad perse . 
  im not sure if u are trolling.un sc have signed joint decleration by every party included in conflict.that cant be changed outside un and it strictly talks about kosovo as part od yugoslavia/serbia as country out of federation.its ocupied by nato at the moment but legaly its part of serbia cause fucking nato countries signed the treaty . 
  un says otherwise . 
  guys from 90s are leading the government right now son.europe likes them cause they work for them . 
  dont quote sick people please . 
  majority of people in serbia `` loves '' this . 
  replace fish with explosives and it all makes sense . 
  tbh honest , this one , like it or not , looks like it cost 3million . 
  there was a concrete crap in this thread for 1 million , not even remotely size of this thing . 
  this was winning even without name . 
  and people wonder why refugees passing trough serbia were so chill and not making any fuss . 
  its a shitty list , it doesnt include rocketlaunchers and mortars . 
  im not sure you would like old term for opening fire by russians . 
  its called `` half of ukraine gone '', 
  you rang ? 
  guy , its completely regular drill , little fishing boat aproaching , you dont put fingers crossed that he isnt packed with explosives.you alarm him , you fire warning shot , he still aint stoping , you sink it.its military son not human rights watch . 
   but you should be also cautious of where you take your sources as the rusina governement and its media are know to fabricate lies ( like in the mh17 case ) right , i only trust cnn and bbc since they said sadam have weapons of mass destruction . 
   you have no proof the man 's paid off . 
  guy , whole russian military wasnt paid off ,1 guy is , you win i guess lol . 
  you dont want us involved again.trust me . 
  you understand 1 guy can be bought off and spinned on shit media like ustoday reuters and bbc?if strelkov says obama is white cause i gave him money to say that , obama is white ? 
  its accusation without any backing up , its like random guy saying obama is white , and you give me link of his statement as proof . 
  guy , if 1000 dead albanians over 10 years period is genocide then you are delusinal hypocrite . 
  wtf is that link son . 
  there was no genocide in `` kosovo '' % , russian military was in crimea all the time and before conflict cause they had ports there renting.russains make and were making majority in crimea before conflict . 
  `` kosovo '' is in most perfect way nato colony . 
  edit : you ignorant hypocrite . 
  i can sence hypocrite before he shows himself.on same grounds as `` kosovo '' * crimea had the right for referendum . 
   when did i talk about kosovo ? 
  how am i a hypocrite ? 
  one could say , however , that nato went in to stop genocide , not to claim territory . 
  see . 
  fascism and putin in same sentence . 
  ye , so we can import terrorist from middle east to europe freely via schengen countries.shut up . 
  you dont answer questions with questions , either answer or dont . 
  im not sure they had time to lift their heads from work to think about that kind of bullshit , no offence to you . 
  90 % of russian population is and was in crimea , you backed the same concept of `` status quo referendum under arms of nato '' with `` kosovo '' * . stop being hypocrite . 
  how can you become this much delusional , im genuinely intrigued . 
  ofc not , on the other hand , and to be more precise , i can say for sure that 98 % of ukraine wasnt bought off.and again , same thing with same organiser , was tried and tested here in serbia and done in all springs and southern africa . 
  just google `` srdja popovic '', 
  mhm , how was euromaidan good?you want me to start explaining to you how same thing happened here with same scenario ? 
  he is catholic serb , he is salty everyday . 
  i was talking about current and recent gen of politicians , you are right about past times . 
  about the same as 1 month in syria.on good month . 
  in ortodoxy usually politicians bow and kiss hands of church representatives.its kinda is akward to see priest does this , hence the shock .3 . 
  posibilities : 1 . in awe with putin 2 . really hates putin hence trolling 3 . shrooms . 
  his mrs. is named john , if i would judge by this video . 
  2 % of ukraine went on streets to remove guy named viktor yanukovych , they succeeded with eu/us help ,98 % of ukraine is now getting rekt while getting flowers . 
  context is flamboyant, 
  while taking flowers , yea ... is this what us/eu had to install there?like ok its puppet government and shit , but at least some male with actual balls , or women atleast ? 
  they could become refugees like syrians now . 
  2 words : united nations . 
  400 people killed in course of 10 years.if thats not genocide i dont know what is . 
  we will fix that problem in near future , albanians have albania , rest can become todays syrians . 
  when there is a specially slow day on reddit europe news like this come up, 
  look at israel ? 
  listen , i understand the horrible stuff they suffered in ww2 , but today they are the most troublesome country there after sa . 
  you know what they say , dont hide artillery and military personel inside cultular heritage and it wont be bombed . 
  mhm , this looks worse than having nsa how ? 
  `` if you sacrifice freedom for a bit of safety , you dont deserve nor freedom nor safety '' - tottaly forgot who said this . 
  you again , you stalking me with your bullshit ? 
  im not saying its ugly , its overpriced af, 
  im paying for someones epidural trough social and im man , fuck that shit right ? 
  kind of.i have a piece of that plane , bought it on flee market.its pretty visible.and sexy . 
  it kinda is, 
  those price vary on quality of skins , safari mesh is handed to everyone who buys 2 loafs of bread, 
  only us right ? 
  if you want to truly understand how shitty f117 is , it was detected by radar system operating aince 1960 . 
  donations are form of corruption.in politics ofc . 
  i was in the field and did alot of shit son.i didnt did you aparently, 
  i dont see brits cutting funds for stonehendge , it have nothing to do with their herritage, 
  jamie , are you saying that plane in 1999 was shot down by technology from 2015 ? 
  ofc stealth was shit then , and ofc its better now , and ofc it can be shot down like a bird with today aa . 
  i think i was pretty clear in my post.church , as an institution , should have far higher priority everywhere , , if for nothing else , than for cultural heritage . 
  problem in romania isnt that church is doing daily politics , problem there is that they get money from budget.how do you preserve cultural heritage of your own country if not by gouvernment money ?
