  well if the whole point of not recognizing crimea is about that nobody died , then we really live in fucked up world.he is basically saying because nobody died in crimea it shouldnt get independence . 
  even if they held referendum of independence in crimea while `` kosovo '' didnt . 
  im not sure that nato would stop them if they really wanted sweden , see what happened to ukraine.and if they really want sweden , there is no way nato will take u in . 
  un kinda overrules everything that was made under un , dont you agree ? 
  if its independence is disputable by half of the world , including russia and china , its really not that independent , its more of a nato military base with region that separate bondstil from serbia . 
  and we in serbia call it kosovo and metohija , not without reason . 
  you see , word metohija means `` owned by the church '' , serbian ortodox church.almost 40 % of all kosovo and metohija are , in a sense , privately owned.and church doesnt want to sell.add north part of kosovo and its sizeble chunk of territory , complete governed by serbs , and start rethinking `` independence '', 
  u are welcome . 
  its a good old financed by west bullshit , not backstabing . 
  like syria , lybia , yugoslav wars , `` kosovo '' bombing , ukraine euromaidan , color revolutions etc, 
  happy cake day, 
   a complete farce , i plan to send in a letter of complaint to the bbc . 
  send that letter hidden in toddlers panties , if you want it to reach top bbc officials . 
  need source on that, 
  ahm , refugees ... 
  you are taking things out of proportion , from unreasonable fear.its still better to troll than to drop them . 
  unjustified fear , only country that used nuclear weapons against someone wasnt russia . 
  [ probably unheard in most of countries , living legend here ] ( http://www.b92.net/news/pics/2013/11/12/6519058575282364ca6ca3633962130_v4_big.jpg ) rob stewart - nick sloter tropical heat series . 
  its hard to explain but there is alot of backstory, 
  welcome to our world of being hit by propaganda . 
   this was printed during the war just to clarify this , there wasnt declaration of war , so it cant be considered as war only as illegal act of aggression , without even un aproval.refundable in tons of moneys . 
  our downfall started year later actually , when we did same shit ukraine did in maidan.we took down violently government who led us trough couple of wars , had industry in national grasp and were consisted of lifetime forged politicians with street scum who was financially supported by west who then sold everything for nickels to their sponsors.not really connected with bombing . 
  its really is open conflict , and i follow that russia is `` the enemy '' but they are trying really hard to not be victims.its their right.you can hate putin , russia or russians , but they are doing good things for themselves like it or not . 
  xd i didnt want to say it but ye , first thing a thought . 
  nope , they would be more susceptible to western influence . and thats not good for anyone except for west.president of russia who is praised by the west = collapsed russia . 
  yap , my bad . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244 signed after that undeclared war , still unbreakable in un.what is that `` kosovo '' you talk about ? 
  getting bombed here is business as usual . 
  showing middle finger to whole nato is something most of countries cant even dream of . 
   the only thing he did was nationalize oil and gas producers . 
  and how is that bad for russia?it does direct damage to western investors and keeps money in russia flowing.thats one of the reasons westerners hate russia , they are economically sovereign now . 
  you read partialy and out of context , focus on whole link and chronology , kebab removed for a reason . 
   '' the assault occurred as the bosnian army sought to relieve the siege of srebrenica by serbian forces directly implying there was bosnian jihadists there . 
  they are living in many aspects whole lot of better with putin in charge than before , no wonder people , especially older ones who remember dark times of yeltsin , react like this . 
  i think that daily average of 2500 is more concerning . 
  what threats ? 
  well it didnt work for them in this particular case.kebab removed . 
  they were killing serb civilians around srebrenica for 3 years.i dont care if they are hindu catholic or muslim . 
  so when a terrorist drops his gun and uniform he is automatically civilian , right ? 
  it kinda does.if i was in position of those people in srebrenica and i was doing shit they did for over 3 years in nearby serbian villages , i would be gratefull if they would let my family go out safe.you got ta put it in the perspective . 
  they censor everything said about eu influence in northren africa and eu responsibility for this refugee crisis.dont worry about it its standard here . 
  he didnt spare woman children and elderly , so there is no way you can compare that shit here . 
  muslim captured soldiers were killed , deal with it . 
  just so you know mladic spared children , women and elderly.those people were in those buses and im sure quite alot of people outside yugoslavia region doesnt know that.military capable men were held and number of them killed.so the fact that dutch soldiers helped with boarding of civilians isnt bad thing per se . 
  and locals had a ton of weapons , srebrenica was basicly naser oric base https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bx2plb82evo, 
   the dutch never stood and fought , they folded the moment they encountered resistance . 
  pretty much accurate . 
  mickeymouse court , we dont have kangaroos here . 
  they could like , not provide oric with safehaven in srebrenica , but they opted to do it for couple of years . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kixrcom01lm even mladic directly accuses him and he do n't say anything to confront that . 
  if they plan to `` pressure '' swiss , wtf can we expect here ... is there any germanic archduke available nowadays ? 
  they cant get rid of anything till uk , us and russia are involved . 
  fixed : nord stream : why yes , another pipeline sounds fantastic , thanks sanctioned by us russland !, 
  in light of current crisis , i automatically thought eu will have to pay syrians their travel expenses . 
  whole new level of trolling germany . 
  you allready took over 14 airports that came with the deal.you will give them back ? 
  cause even if they do , even if they change tsipras violently , germany will still hold the tsipras signature on this deal and thats that.in same way they choose to ignore greece referendum they can still clam tsipras signature is valid.its quite simple actually.germany is quite a bad guy once again , lets see how it will play out this time . 
  there was protests , you should see tsipras poles now , and pretty much stop shitting about this not happening.greece didnt want this deal . 
   so shut up with your conspiracy shit already . 
  if its in broad daylight it kinda stops being conspiracy . 
  whats wrong with those statements ? 
  west is fooled apparently . 
  creditors?fear of not getting moneyz ? 
  the whole concept of country lending money to a group of elected officials , under cloakanddagger kind of silence , without asking people on referendum about that is corrupt and it had its fair share in this crisis.why would anyone trust in necessity of any loan you gave to greece or any other country?you throw unneeded loans left and right to corrupted officials for decades now and now you are shocked countries cant repay that ? 
  just cause you are doing that all the time in southestern europe doesnt make it legit and good . 
  eu isnt mandatory , you can kick them out but you force them to stay . 
  countries can go bankrupt , countries can still own money to you , but they still have right to chose the way of repaying.you are making debt crisis more like a ransom situation.you cant enforce that , cause recent enough , your country was in same spot and it lead to 50 milion dead worldwide . 
  good , its just a little more than 1 coming . 
  comrade boris , fixed . 
  i have everything i need , dont worry about me , worry about syrians, 
  sure thing boris, 
  wow money really cant buy brain . 
  i was just born here some times ago , so i dont have that issues.anyhow , ill call you boris from now on , cause you are offspring of one for sure since you hate russia that much xd, 
  apparently , it fails sometimes . 
  they say we are nothing compared to german women after the war . 
  money cant buy brain . 
  im more and more sure that russians did sloppy job in berlin in 1945 ... 
  oh we dont worry at all , its chill here , we just have like 200k syrians to send you for christmas.so you cant say we dont like to share . 
  you sound like you want germany divided again . 
  or better yet , how throwing austerity out of picture worked for iceland , country at the time with 5 time bigger debt than greece . 
  exactly my point . 
   germany supports whatever is good for germany . 
  you ignored voters , majority of greece , cause it fits your agenda . 
  representative democracy have its downsides , example is 4 year mandate , in which alot of stuff can happen , and voters can either go city razing in protests , or organize referendums over something that wasnt really covered by election campaign.referendums are core of democracy everywhere.referendums show most recent stance of people over current events.its far more important than anything that 1 representative guy says or does.it overrules that representative . 
  you fucking ignored that and you lecture me ? 
   so merkel should have went door to door to ask the opinion of every greece ? 
  if greeks are unsatisfied with their leader , they can feel free to vote for a different candidate at the next election . 
  problem is austerity measures signed by tsipras stay , dont play naive.u use and abuse this , and there is not better example of refusing to oblige to peoples will directly presented on austerity measures . 
  germany was willing to support opposition in ukraine for maidan protests even if they shown as sub 10 % in numbers , but on the other side overwhelming number in greece is not enough to reconsider measures proposed . 
  you dont grasp democracy and you and your chancellor are , yet again , concocting alot of problems in europe . 
  you didnt listen to 60 % + of greeks , you made deal with 1 guy , its undemocratic enforcing . 
   greece agreed on the bail-out agreement . 
  of course they have to do what is written in that agreement . 
  people said no on referendum . 
  tsipras went against that and germany supported him . 
  people again said no to tsipras.you are enforcing something here germany and we all see it pretty clear . 
  well you have high officials in eu who bomb civilians on daily basis , make millions of refugees , refuse to deal with said refugees making real humanitarian disaster but i do n't see you mind about that as much for single isis prisoner death . 
  economic ties are weak cause of eu pressure if can talk open here.serbia is nowadays used and abused for custom free export of eu goods to russia 's market . 
  politically we were yugoslavia then , with 4 out of 6 republics pulling each to their own stance.who was for stalin or russia in general after his death , was sent to `` reeducation camps '' . yugoslavia was ruled by handicapped croat you know as tito.it never really said anything about what people wanted at the time.especially what serbs wanted.now its the time . 
  you cant talk about ussr , cold war and our present , completely different beasts , and you are right cause we made a mistake before we shouldnt make it twice.so we should say no to eu now , that will drop faster then anything .
