  im kinda immune to gollum propaganda so no go . 
   for example the recent bombings in turkey , the ankara and suruc bombings that hit pro-kurdish rights rallys ? 
  perpetrated by ethnic kurdish islamists . 
  same applies . 
   pkk are not islamists , but a large proportion of kurds are . 
  kurdistan is gon na be so big . 
  cheap af oil is the key wording here . 
   turkey has been fighting pkk affiliates since before radical islam was a threat to the west . 
  pkk aka kurds are far less radical islamist than turks are . 
  im sure you dont understand the concept of living life without worrying that much about your `` standard '' . 
  putin said no . 
  i would buy you porkchops for that comment . 
  chapter one of kebab removal, 
  1912 never forget . 
  west hypocritical conformists , putin big boss , pretty much that . 
  i dont know where to begin with this actually . 
  til : gollum is suicidal . 
  ah you are talking about sadam 's weapon of mass destruction ? 
  i dont see you chanting otherwise also . 
  s-500 is in the making and went trough testing phase long time , so yes , nato is drooling over old stuff.and you should know that s-400 is upgraded platform of s-300 so what im talking about here is known for atleast 15 years.s-500 is completely new system , you can see it by its operational response time . 
  i find it funny that advanced western alliance is hoping to get hands on previous gen russian missile system . 
  in the line of `` bear shits in the woods '', 
  its kinda hypocritial that france is promoting and supporting wahhabism in bosnia and `` kosovo '' * but on its own soil its a le nono . 
  i was saying that nato wont ever save ukraine from russia in timeframe you talk about and people still didnt want to see that . 
  and tbh , for my country , after hellofalot shit we went trough with same eu and nato , and imagine what kind of shit went down when russia is clearly better choice , like without even thinking anymore and not including history and long term excellent relations . 
  if you are into some really nonsensycal bullshit , watch mainstream media, 
  2 things about this . 
  how is this good timing after months of pretty violent protests in montenegro against nato?was there a referendum on this subject?people on internet usualy dont know that montenegro was bombed by nato in 1999 as part of yugoslavia . 
  and how is it good , for nato and eu to make deals and propose invites to opresive tobbaco smuggler regime ? 
  you are mixing stuff here , question is n't about eu or russia , its about nato or russia . 
  eu and nato are separate things . 
  middle name ? 
  same was said for husein obama . 
  til : america votes trump on route to orthodoxy . 
  til : randy marsh is french, 
  you imply `` international community '' , whatever that means , is some valid elected global justice giver ? 
  `` international community '' same guys that are arming isis or something else ? 
  tobacco smuggler is going down, 
  well fuck, 
   because merkel has the money to do so just fixing that typo, 
  about this kind of things , i tend to trusts questionable media more than mainstream ones . 
  http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=18&amp;nav_id=95135 http://inserbia.info/today/2015/09/vucic-serbia-registered-173891-refugees-this-year/, 
  over 95 %, 
  can you remind me what that experience is all about please ? 
   one would hope serbian leadership would have enough brainpower to co-operate since croatia fencing up the border means a much larger problem for you . 
  you are fencing river danube and you talk about brainpower ? 
  listen , you can cry your hearts out , people saw everything you did in past month and still those people are going where they were invited.we dont have problem with refugees and we didnt have it since this crisis began.im sorry for those people cause of your lack of ability to take care of them and thats that.they are on their own from the moment they leave serbia ,0 organization apart from yolo trains to hungary . 
  we cant start with fencing to greece now , it was posible and good solution before miss merkel invited them in.before that we had options , now we dont.unless you want eu to piss on every human right agreement we hold dear for last 70 years . 
  problem is in croatia , cause everyone else maintaned some kind of order in managing them.humanitarian system in croatia looks like a circus . 
   are you being serious ? 
  these people get restless as soon as we hold them for longer than couple of hours . 
  this aint true cause they were held , registered and procesed for asylum in presevo , serbia for almost 6months now without even single notable incident . 
  you should see what hunters and cars can do to wildlife . 
  [ kolinda ] ( http://www.blic.rs/data/images/2013-09-21/380907_kitarovic_ff.jpg?ver=1420785684 ) is better, 
  i know i know dont get offended , but there was a period before red army went on counter offensive.that werent really antifascist times . 
  eu values, 
  one of the milion russian soldiers and he probalby was just born in ukraine territory , given that what you asid here is actually not fiction , cause private alexei kovalyov was just born in kiev , he could be nigeran nationality.and there were 4 soldiers + photographer, 
  i didnt see ukraine marching in berlin, 
  killing their own people to gain power , racism and military actions against everything that opposes that , that is pretty much ukraine nowadays . 
  i would pick russia nowadays in every possible outcome.west is too much conformistic and ball-less, 
  its classic u vs us , piss off . 
  from maidan to current day everything . 
  well fuck fascist ukraine government and their followers right ? 
   solid source . 
  situation on terrain if that not enough  that 's almost all they ' v ever invaded . 
  there wasnt any invasion , you tripping balls . 
   those live almsot entirely outside of dnr-lnr and needed no protection by russia . 
  did kharkov , as russian as donetck , get bombed by the `` nazi ukrainians '' ? 
  you dont have to be bombed to be harrased by new regime or to fell in danger from it , and countries that are fond of their people act to prevent that . 
   no , once again , more than 80 % of russians in ukraine are living in ukrainain held territory , have no desire to rebel and are not repressed in any way . 
  even donetzk and lughansk regions are only 50 % occupied . 
  ah now i remember you nato bot you.ukraine really does sting alot y ? 
  nah , asad is really important for russia.ukraine is done deal for putin , proxy conflict just moved to common american playground . 
  from every official statement from russia they is underline point that they wont invade brother nation just because they have western puppet government installed.they will protect russian people in ukraine , they did just that with providing arms and training and thats that . 
  why would they escalate anything more in ukraine?they have control of crimea and they have control of eastern ukraine where russian majority lived.ukraine is now out of question for nato , status quo can be maintained for unlimited time . 
  til : people here think that milo should stay in power . 
  your whole post is screaming with hypocrisy on which the whole western political logic is based on . 
  look at lybia for pretty much exact kind of shit in the making . 
  people probably dont know simple fact that , atleast ortodox churches always have ton of land in their property of their own , and by all means it counts as private property . 
  we in serbia , call the runaway province that you know as `` kosovo '' * as kosovo i ( and ) metohija . 
  that later part , metohija , in literally translation is `` owned by the church '' . almost 40 % of all territory there is owned by serbian ortodox church . 
  and as you said , religious institutions are in fact separated from state , and by that logic `` kosovo '' * cant take unesco rights over them , and for everything in question about those churches and their land , priesthood should be asked first . 
  we are allrdy exporting doctors and are making everything you listed by ourselves . 
  then you look at greece . 
  this get funnier with every post, 
  i dont know why people think that eu is good for anything except for germany . 
  i like plebs that use word geo politics like they know what they talk about, 
  well we missed the good times of eu , i dont think its logical to continue with selfharm for atleast next 5 years so we can fingerscrossed be in eu.and if greece , as eu memeber , can fall like it did , im quite sure we are better off with our own financial system , our own banking sector and our own border control . 
  well people think that putin is bad guy in syria so ... 
  you skipped that day i warned you about . 
  they have to come to us to work anything too , they have no market so we are kinda ok with them in that regard . 
  still shit ton of bulgarians working for peanuts in south serbia , source my company employ them for things we dont want to work . 
  and by your logic if i was in amsterdam i could say whole population is consisted of hookers and junkies , just cause i saw a glimpse of it . 
  poorest but compared to bulgaria its pretty good standing . 
  they have everything they wanted and had available while ukraine was aligned with them.how is there no winners?ukraine lost so much here . 
  why would they go in?donbas industrial region and crimea with sevastopol reunited without any sort of official invasion?how is that bad lol , cause i cant prove you wrong here?ok they cant do shit , nato save ukraine and held russia inside its borders . 
   i did n't realise having nukes meant an uncontested military . 
  who is contesting them?they go in ukraine , west cries nono . 
  they bomb the same people nato finance in syria , they dont even say nono anymore . 
  brother nations , there is no need for that.but to tell them that nato puppet in power will cost them territory is ok .
