  shit hit fan . 
  you clean the fan . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1244 its still ours and that 's why they try get whatever they can as some form of recognition . 
  pretty much it would be same as allowing isis to join unesco for their cultural heritage and preservation . 
   thinking there 's some sort of conspiracy there is no conspiracy when you are doing this stuff in broad daylight . 
   fyi yanukowich left due to his own initiative so his people do n't kill each other anymore in that maidan violence ? 
  that was after overthrow , you should know cause you are from ukraine . 
   ukraine is also embroiled in a civil war , all thanks to that same russian government i always say that ukraine civil war started with undemocratic overthrow backed by the west of legit democratically elected government.cause people tend to forget what started all of this . 
  yap , im hypocrite.go troll someone else plz . 
  edit : you have to ask putin nicely for that from now on or asad stays . 
   assad killing his own people i do n't see you bitching on assad now when russia sides with him to do same thing . 
  he is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/american-led_intervention_in_syria send them all to us , uk and canada . 
  edit : bots are here , no wonder u guys are so streamlined and brainwashed, 
  im not sure but i believe that physical copy of newspaper is priced for some money . 
  they took far more from oil and construction deals ,3.3 b is nothing compared to the gains . 
   sometimes revolutions happen on their own accord nope , and that nope is stretching to last 100 years . 
  i really enjoy reading this wall of text , its quality and well thought , by again you are missing core principle of why this is wrong . 
  everything u said here is flawed by simple little thing.you cant take current situation we are all in as starting point to observe current events and segregate people.you segregate them cause you cant imagine anything else , hence it must be like this.no , its wrong in its core and roots of it go really far back.and only cause of that you cant explain the following.people , wherever they are born , should have same and equal opportunity.its is un declaration somewhere . 
  you will never explain to anyone how you , whatever job you are at , are payed 10 times more than syrian refugee who does same job at fraction of your costs.that is the only thing europe is afraid of.you are included there.your jobs and your good living are at risk and its fascism all over again.good all fascism . 
  my ideals are today 's reality , just watch news , any news . 
  im not sure u understand it in pretty basic level . 
  you are not entitled to anything.your well being cant be propelled/maintained by suffering of others.thats the huge flaw of the world today , and thats the way of thinking that is propelling current and future wars . 
  most of developed countries nowadays , sometime in history have exploded economically by this principle , either by colonization , genocide or slavery , or all of that . 
  you are just riding that wave and forcing down everything that tries to compete that.its that simple . 
  edit : people from developed countries should lower their standard and meet it halfway with starving people in cradle of our species.that 's utopia?i call it greed . 
  nope , child born right now , in uk , nigeria or syria , should have equal chances and rights . 
  racism is not `` brown '' or `` black '' privilege only . 
  i know that britain didnt move inch from retarded imperialist colonialist philosophy.so yea i know about falkland islands . 
  ahm falklands , ahm bosnia , ahm whole fucking northren africa ? 
  what germany failed twice in war they are doing now with euro.whole of this immigrant bullshit is partially on germany also.its same nationalistic piece of shit it was before and after ww2.you my friend and your country is allrdy being fucked . 
  edit : germany absolutism didnt exist in ww2 , whole fucking nation rallied behind hitler , ye 15 germans opposed to it , but thats not absolutism . 
  send every single refugee to germany , france and uk.you wanted free oil , you have bloody hands with it , now deal with it . 
  history is mother of knowledge son , so if you forget what happened you can become the guy who types `` rofl '' on internet . 
  edit : saw flair and im not here advocating each side , im just saying why poland and lithuania are special picks of todays russia . 
  nice , but do n't consider candidates for eu as eu members in this particular case , thanks but no thanks . 
  well poles did some heavy shit to `` russia in the making '' so , you know , expected . 
  my point exactly, 
  germans tried to restrict movement once in 1930s or 1940s , did n't finish reading that book but im sure that went well for them . 
  ok they are not like mass murderers or anything they just have very different way of life , well most of them.and they like wellfare , alot . 
  they just stick out alot , in a bad way , in any country that have basically anything established.apart from that , they are people like you and me . 
  pretty much and its happening again , i guarantee and i didnt even see lists , there will be more gypsies native to france and germany ( their promised land ) that have never even lived here in serbia . 
  think it like late spring cleaning of eu in good ol german traditional style . 
  edit : we dont even deport them from here , that tells you alot about country when gypsies flee left and right . 
  actually we could just blacklist them aswell , last time eu pulled similair stunt with us , we got thousands of gypsies that didnt know 1 word of serbian , only french and german , so thank you very much , but this time no . 
  while we are at it , put new mexico there also . 
  when you are not sovereign ( nato protectorate ) or legally independent ( no referendum hence alot of countries sees it as runaway province and not a country ) , you pretty much have to go to un for that 2 things.i understood you in first swiss post . 
  they do n't have international recognition for it , and only way to change that is un way . 
  difference between choosing not to be in un and not being able to be in the un.switzerland and kosovo.work it our , its not hard . 
  ad hominem is pretty obvious sign of confidence and evidence lacking . 
  educate us oh great wiseguy from the firstest of z worlds . 
  i love the fact that you make economical reason as first . 
  cause economic reasons , to be more precise , maintaining that same economic level in eu , led to this crisis via eu backed revolutions in whole northern africa . 
  i do n't feel a smallest amount of sympathy with european big economies , i only want those immigrants well fed and provided with shelter in those same big economies . 
  cause half approving and not having chair there is being legit , right ? 
  [ original picture for those interested ] ( http://i.imgur.com/frbaen3.jpg ), 
  watched the whole thing and i have a single question : is snoopie ok ? 
  yea but how does that make macedonia/fyrm responsible as countries that went in there and did stuff for pure oil profit ? 
  i understand what you point is , you share eu idea , you share nato principles , you are not against them and you want them to understand that and not to think you are like , i dont know , serbia ? 
  but that also does n't mean you cant think logically and say to them , `` this is really wrong and we cant handle this stuff alone , take most of this to yourselves , we will accommodate only those who want asylum here . '', 
  with 2 soldiers and sniff dog?force to be reckoned with , watch and tremble isis when we make movie sequel of `` 300 '' named `` 2 and a snoopie '' that destroyed whole islamist threat with 1 bullshit post . 
  they troll greeks with that , greeks get pissed about it every time , historical shitstorm hits the fan and readers go [ top kek ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lbaxnpt.gif ), 
  if you hang around with right countries , you do n't even need to care about that winky winky, 
  what did people say on referendum ? 
  what tsipras does after that ? 
  greece is sold.you dont see it now but you will in couple of years.you are german private country now . 
  airports are allrdy gone . 
  you cant just connect iraq and us bombing here , they are guilty of it for sure , but here was ton of stuff suported by eu that happened later and led to isis , and how does that change the fact macedonia/fyrm and many others that had 0 shit to do with it gets hit even harder than main culprits . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_spring its not only iraq or isis , its all of this . 
  ad hominem -- attacking the arguer instead of the argument . 
  they are coming from destroyed countries by countries listed . 
  they are going to countries listed . 
  why are we complicating this?just pass them thought . 
  why should any eu country , or better yet eu candidate , not involved in arab springs trouble with this now ? 
  if you are not from uk , france , germany and lets not forget good ol us , just deport them there and that 's that.those countries are their endgoal anyhow , why stop them ? 
  they just need pension raise by april to seal the deal . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/populism we in eastern europe work so similar , 
  ill ask this blindly : are elections in romania scheduled for this year or early next year ? 
  you really think he gives a rats ass about his political career now?hes job is done , his pockets are full and thats the only thing that mattered.will new elections make his signature for new economic help be absolete when he resigns?no?he was just throwaway paper . 
  isnt this convenient.are people in eu that blind or they agree with this kind of bullshit ? 
  accept worst deal for greece that you possibly could , and than just walk away.pure class . and i dont blame tsipras here , im blaming eu for yet another bought out pawn who will and who did , for them , sign economic death of southern-eastern european country like this . 
  get interpol online , and prosecute this piece of shit . 
  you told same about russians before 1945 , you kept your mouth shut after that for a while and your amnesia of today is easily curable . 
  yap , serbia was really the cause of those arab springs and for that it should accommodate all refugees that come here on their way to eu and everyone else that was in eu and got reject . 
  good times ahead . 
  yap , fascism was destroyed in europe . 
  no but that doesnt mean that they are still voulchers.dont play naive.they are just end tool , killer if you will . 
  when its done under this terms , its not generally but its always bad for a country that 's forced into sellout . 
  you have to understand that domestic or even better national companies yeild not more but shitload more money to country than any foreign company in its place will.you really believe german company will care more for greek worker there or for greece?cmon , get real.this is just cash and grab stuff , nothing humane in it . 
  this is not a deal or investment , this is a fucking ransom . 
  never hapened in similair cases . 
  chronologically , there will be layoffs of greeks , managment import from germany , paycuts with higher work expectations for native greek workers , privileged status of german airliners over domestic , and in the end subventions from greek gouverment directly , cause of some `` unexpected events '' aka pumping money from airport directly to germany . 
  cause if they dont give `` money sacrifice '' , airports could stop working mid tourist season . 
  everything but this is motherfucking miracle . 
  nope , what they want is national infrastructure.this is not about money/credtis . they dont like the idea that something is making money eu creditors dont have access to.there is the trick i told you previous post.buyout / intimidate gouverment directly and you have direct control over what amount of credits country will take.pump money out of interest , give more credits for old credits to the point you have to start privatizations.its happening in pretty much daylight for last 20 years here . 
  imagine this.you are a big country in eu.lets say germany.you have your own national electrosystem.or telecomunications system.or airports that cost you alot of money to be rented.target country have everything already and since they are developing country with lower standard than you price of their service destroy yours tenfold.you would never be competative there if you try to compete directly.and only thing left is to buy it out.why would anyone want to sell you that so you can expand you market unless they are forced by debt ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/latin_proverbs#q ) btw your quote makes no sense , cause you didnt deny them anything , you are buying from them.it could be aplied if you denied them loan month ago . 
  well you can pretend to be shocked , but in developing countries in europe there is a practice of corrupted high officials who work directly for eu interests and they are taking credits people those countries actually dont need.like greece officials did till recently , and to be even more slimy , they took yet another `` loan '' that will , as we see here , sell greek national assets for peanuts.this shit is worst kind of sharking and people treat it `` as legit '' cause someone said eu is honest and fair , and we believe in that now . 
  your government is doing same shit , dont you worry , but its getting out of control in last 5 years . 
  i dont know why he didnt fistface the fuck out of that arrogant prick as soon as he left vehicle without being told .
