  if you were talking about gmo you are right , if you wanted to put them both in same basket and origin , you outright lie us here . 
  same like un say , or more corectly , dont say . 
  only country that abuses selfproclaimed right to say what country is safe and unsafe in refuges eyes is france . 
   the eu situation may be somewhat comparable to pre-civil-war usa interstate relations - . - nailed it, 
   in europe we have overproduction of food with conventional non gmo crops . 
  there is simply no need for them . 
  complete truth . 
  and why would anyone risk global food production being monopolised by 1 company ? 
   they are all the results of gmos when they spliced together different plants . 
  hybridisation and genetical modifications are 2 very different universes, 
   the real question is wether the ends justify the means . 
  well , i dont know , look at both of those pesky totalitarian countries now . 
  [ well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ua1wb-fovq ), 
   if merkel kept her mouth shut about `` all syrians are welcome '' this could be stoped or seriously thwarted cause people not from syria would not throw away their passports and present themself as syrians . 
  it a long post you probably missed it, 
  i dont understand why are people ok with them being `` dumped '' in london instead in they yard.you allrdy have blackburn and birmingham stocked , doing same with london is shooting yourself in the foot ,3 times . 
   you can start this , but you ca n't stop it . 
  there is no upper limit on how many will come . 
  tens of millions . 
  maybe more . 
  the fuck you on about , if eu reached out and helped stabilizing syria in first place this would be stoped.if they reacted after syria went to shithole status , via building refuge camps near syria and pumping ton of money in them initially , this would stop.if they helped italy and greece with securing borders and pumped some manpower and money there , this could be stoped.if merkel kept her mouth shut about `` all syrians are welcome '' this could be stoped or seriously thwarted cause people not from syria would not throw away their passports and present themself as syrians.if there is any official stance on closing eu borders this could be stopped . 
  and here we are in fucking status quo.doing only 1 step out of all of this ( actually scratch merkel part , you never know what could come out of it ) could significantly reduce amount of people coming.nobody gives a fuck.only thing europe is doing is just juggling refuges.complete bullshit and winter is coming.im not sure if this people even know what fucking snow is . 
  only thing that concerns me here that poland , same as every other eu country , makes parallel between germany and eu.one of the points of whole union was something about equality and shit , probably applicable only in case of quotas . 
  seems as legit concern for british citizens ... 
   what 's germany going to do ? 
  not give them money ? 
  sanction them ? 
  you should wait and see how will germany react when serbia drop readmission protocols.you can learn alot about severity of their reaction in that . 
  why would you settle them in london in first place ? 
  maybe '' \u0107udore\u0111a '' means no asian dingles in public ? 
  i had to look like really hard to see what is nsfw in this . 
  hey u/sleekery , can you miss 1 of this threads , cause whenever something about this subject pops , i cant bet arm and a leg you are here . 
  [ liked your short promotional video though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovkw6yjqsfm ), 
  ok + denmark , but thats it . 
  many sorry, 
  eat a dick xenophobe trash along with your other values . 
  oh i remember you xenophobe , you stoped eating shit about syrians ? 
  and that serbia wont be camp for refuges but partner in solving crisis , yadayadayada , everyones fucked . 
  only fools and horses victory , apart from that and victoria bekam you are uknown to mainlanders.tough luck mate . 
  even you immigrated to eu ? 
  however you try to justify them they are traitors and as such are throwaways.did they help invading force in their invasion?yes.traitors.throwaways . 
  did you really tried pull that shit on me , you potential rapist you ? 
  guy , check my flair . 
  rape is middle east invention?or in this case closed environment byproduct ? 
   accept these potential rapists everyone is potential rapist , lets lock ourselfs up . 
  jesus fucking christ , every day we hit a new low.and when we hit literally bottom , there is a wiseguy who brought shovel with him . 
  really shallow . 
  if they invested more resources into faster asylum procesing , people wouldnt stay there this long , and there wouldnt be this issues . 
  wealthy as american presidential candidate donald trump . 
   it 's working class people who generally oppose mass migration . 
  working class people in germany are fucking trumps in refuges eyes . 
   how one can qualify for refuge and be allowed to hate lgbt or israel ? 
  you are not allowed to be refuge and to hate particular group of people since when?wtf is this bullshit ? 
  `` ok , your background is checked , you are indeed a refuge , you lost your home , you lost your family we have every bit of sympathy , welcome.just 1 last question , what is you stance on lgbt ? '', 
  `` i dont really like them at all '' `` gtfo '' . 
   it 's simply impossible to control the situation in camps with this large influx of immigrants . 
  they just need to pump more money in them , its simple as that , but they wont , and hence the rapes . 
  you offended 1.3 billion indians . 
  still same cause, 
   right-wing sub . 
  `` xenophobic rich people hiding behind fences '' is not really right wing mentality . 
   the eu as utterly failed agree 100 %, 
  you cant on the fly change un resolutions cause they work against u in 1 particular ocassion.just a quick reminder , russia with 1 arm up stopped use of eu navy with dealing with refugee smuggling week or 2 ago . 
  oh kurdistan , we worked for your cause not so long ago , 
   criminals and terrorists violate this because they purposefully go against the law . 
  i understand the aversion to guns , but i fear for europe . 
  one of the reasons 200k immigrants were chill as fuck when they were passing here . 
  everything you said was happening on much larger scale for months here in serbia.yes people here are pissed , ye they get better status than people living here but again , but thats doesnt mean they should be denied the right to ask asylum in country of their choosing.they didnt even reach country they want to ask asylum in and people all alrdy yelling `` deportations '' refuges have the right to not have documents , our responsibility is to sort them out . 
  yea , everybody is only interested in north ... even refuges . 
  choosing not to register them on borders and separate refuges from iliegals , and then force deporting them sure sound like that . 
  i think its 1.5 guns average perhousehold in serbia.without mentioning bombs and rifles , not hunting rifles . 
  there are refuges there , register them and let them , and deport illegals.but nobody wants to do that , cause of quotas.hypocrisy and xenophobia is massive . 
  i know when you and your kind pussy out.when shit hits the fan.and im not letting that shit hit the fan in the first place . 
  i remember big word of your primeminister a week ago.same loudmouthing you are doing here.because shit didnt hit the fan yet . 
  this are desperate times?cause eu needs to share some money with refugees?sound legit , after that we should nuke each other over rigged voting on eurovision . 
  im not sure who is used to what more . 
  they looking down the rifle barrel , or europeans with flying buses . 
  u understand that some people will take this as reasonable thing to do ? 
  well people are confused with refuges rights , schengen and dublin agreement and cling on alot of stuff that doesnt really hold.just wait a little and you will see . 
  thats getting pretty close to fascism . 
   there is very little gun culture in europe little gun culture but shitload of fucking guns . 
   they need a majority vote , the eastern european nations will hopefully stick to their guns and vote against the quotas euro 's can make country officials go against peoples will.see greek referendum . 
   you just put the ones that have come in germany , they put down the welcome mats , it 's their problem . 
  that is the most effective way to germany learn a lesson , and to handle this.i fear that other eu leaders will pussy out once again . 
  yes , they will like just sit there in peace , holding little `` thank you eu '' flags in 1 hand and flowers in another , and wave their way out of eu . 
  there is a little thingy though . 
  they are not deep in israel in first place.if you build walls now they cant get out . 
  that must taste like macaron, 
   they can be deported very easily . 
  you are talking numbers in range of 500k-1million deportations.no fucking way , 
  nice , nice i should be ashamed for not saving traitors of some foreign country.yap.im ashamed.and allrdy over that . 
  his next post here pretty much explained exactly that.you didnt see shit . 
  you didnt see shit of it if i have to translate him . 
  guy , like , its 2015 , nobody gives a shit about territory , we just want money/share of money from natural resources still coming to belgrade.the flow must continue.it was worth of going to war with whole nato , think about it . 
  there is alot of stuff going in back , like forcing sale of some pretty lucrative for us gouverment institutions , but `` kosovo '' * status is main thing.if we can continue our nonrecognition of it and still join eu , than maybe yes . 
  panic spread included, 
  probably exyugo war.eu and us got a nice fresh university educated people out of it . 
  solution is forcing its way in.i can see majority if not all of them getting asylum in eu.cause there is nothing else that can be done.apart from quotas . 
  can agree , eu under current terms is a nono . 
  am i the only one here who didnt see the video of it ?
