  like he is the only one , get used to it.and get used to most horrific segregationist comment being upvoted and gilded here.new eu values , by some far better than before . 
   and milanovi\u0107 making all those statements and trying to be the biggest humanitarian in europe i just heard that maybe hour ago on hrt , and i was like `` wow he have some balls to troll like this '' same here , we had ton of refugees during the war and both countries managed to accomodate them all without too much of help from abroad . 
   this subreddit is filled with wretched shitheads . 
  a a a , politicaly correct term is `` rich xenophobic cowards hiding behind fences '', 
   the eu still does not understand that there are many people watching what will be done with this wave and that will affect how many more will come . 
  ^ absolutely agree . 
  we are actively working on preventing the last part , cause you know what?scapegoat someone other . 
  [ oh yea she didnt invite them at all ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-refugee-authority-chief-resigns/a-18719518 ), 
  we have 3 big centres , presevo where they come in first from greece and macedonia , then belgrade where they are w8 if they are passed from presevo and till recently kanjiza near hungarian border , given that is out of business since merkel fence.i dont understand '' you 'll see how they react . 
  '' . they dont react at all and you cant hold them against their will , no matter how some eu countries would like that . 
  http://www.b92.net/eng/news/society.php?yyyy=2015&amp;mm=08&amp;dd=18&amp;nav_id=95135 its bit old though , probably bigger number now . 
  and we are getting pissed here , fences left and right , refugees getting treated and demonized in media like wild animals in eu countries , countries that shit on humans right get praised and here we are again , alone , in our best effort to provide them the best medical help , food and shelter on their trip to country they want to ask asylum in , getting slowly targeted as country that is `` dumping '' refugees.we are landlocked country , they came from somewhere and to enhance the irony , they arived in serbia from eu country . 
  your guess is correct , people in eu completely forgot how many immigrants from `` kosovo '' asked for asylum in eu earlier.and alot of them still have serbian passports , and bum,non-eu states are in statistics . 
  they crumble on 10k people , they do n't have the capacity or will for any kind of humanitarian work . 
  we have 10k at any given time here in belgrade , you see us bitching and closing borders?you see us bitching when same amount comes from south?the fuck you talk about ... 
  western europe , particularly germany asked for those refugees , i dont know why people pretend that whole of this fiasco isnt just cause mama merkel changed her mind . 
  almost managed to remain calm for 24 hours , you got ta give credit to that . 
  epic endurance i have to say . 
  jesus fucking christ the downvotes !!!, 
  guys , rough times ahead in eu . 
   not true . 
  here 's eurostat figures for eu : q1 2015 : 16 % of new asylum seekers are syrians 2014 : 19.5 % 2013 : 11.6 % i love how last stat you have is stat before syrians started arriving in enormous numbers . 
  i can understand you are anti refuge , but do n't spread misinformation at best . 
   that 's for the entire eu . 
  thats for entire eu and entire refuge population.highly unlikely . 
   it 'll cause more crime in the long-run . 
  segregation is on the other hand open invite to busses blowing up randomly in eu in following years.not by syrians but by radicals of every sort.i hope im wrong but i dont need beirut on eu soil cause some officials said something then backed on that , while refugees were in mid trip . 
   immigrants are a lot more unemployed . 
  guy who was tripped by hungarian journalist lady just got job in spain football school , cause he was doing same job for premiere league club in syria , imagine the fucking odds of tripping random guy that had a wellpaid and wanted job right ? 
   the eu has the infrastructure and is developed enough to take on the problem leaps and bounds better developed than current syria , or [ jordan camps ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2013/07/20/article-2371311-1ae19cb8000005dc-348_964x545.jpg )  oh gee , the people running from war with their wealth slung over their backs definitely are n't cowards !, 
  lack of understanding of syrian conflict.its far from clear `` we fight vs those guys '' type of war , us uk france openly support various opposition fractions even isis in their attempt to overthrow asad , russia , iran and undercover china trying to maintain him in power , and when you are civilian in middle of it all , you are basicly unsure with side is right anymore.so they flee.they are not cowards , they dont have visible enemy while bombs continue to drop . 
   yes , we can , but what of their children ? 
  put them to public schools , rest is on parents.it cost some money but its european thing to do . 
  i understand points od antirefuge people here , but i choose to strongly disagree with most of reasons eu countries provide as excuse to not let those people in.xenophobia is really kicking in and thats the last thing we need in eu cause some if not majority of the refugees are here to stay . 
  behind fences , really nice touch there . 
  well people are really streamlined here on reddit , if you think out of the box/give not popular opinion you are n't visible . 
  you can get nauseous from all of this media spinning, 
  who says we want to go into eu , 
  its really simple on paper , but borderline impossible to do in reality , we will see how it goes , but things look pretty grim right now . 
   the un 's main purpose is to prevent ww3 do n't fix what aint broken . 
  deport them where ? 
  you are in worse position then we are , you cant do nothing till eu talks , same as we cant but atleast we can do something on our own . 
  ooooooooooooooo here we go again . 
   law must be applied equally for all . 
   i am absolutely sure no eu country has a law breaking human rights . 
  you let 500k + people into eu no problemo , than in 1 day you deny access to rest , what is equal in that?enforcing new laws on the fly that spark segregation is legit and eu value ? 
  i understand what you are trying to say , and you are right , but it just doesnt hold in this whole farse with refugees . 
  they want germany apparently , some high official asked them to come or something . 
   it is about human rights . 
  of those living in eu . 
  you cant have more human rights than anyone else.no matter were you live.regional laws are regional , but are not any shape and form important as universally agreed upon human rights . 
  human rights have nothing to do with passports . 
  buddy orban took care of that for you . 
  so merkel stays right?only scapegoats ? 
  i understand you , but if that was the official stance of germany then , why would anyone take a risk with halting refugees at their borders . 
  nobody did neither did we.oh , dont be naive hungary made fence cause orban said it.that fence is there in defense of germany , not for transit country hungary . 
  i understand the point of people calling them refugees or people calling them economic migrants , but putting them in together in 1 basket and denying them ( real refugees ) chance for asylum in country that invited them is unhumane , at best . 
  yes edit : i missunderstood you , but nvm now , keep fencing . 
   or if a population is doing relatively well it has to suspend its own human rights you really believe that human rights should be regional?wtf am i reading here . 
   sorry but where exactly in the convention says so ? 
  do you imply that any person in the world can go through any border without registering or presenting papers just by saying `` i am a refugee but i will only start to prove it when i reach canada . 
  meanwhile let me pass freely . 
  it is my right ! '' ? 
  no , but if they say they are seeking asylum in germany and germany says at the time they will hold every syrian refuge , it makes alot more of sence?there is no law that dictates that refugees have to be held in first country they enter . 
  you are forgeting that we are landlocked country , and that majority of refugees here came from eu member , greece , who should have in the first place established their status . 
  you confused human smuggling with human trafficking.later violates human right , first violate international laws . 
  its really not safe zone if you hide muslim fighters in it . 
  we are in same shithole now , not cause we did anything wrong , but becase we were listening to eu and germany by the book . 
   if they did want to they 'd block swift and freeze all russian assets . 
  yes , i cant see how this possibly could go wrong . 
   we are just letting everybody in right now , not even registering them . 
  that is actually a smart move cause they wont be able to track them to croatia after all the fuss settles and quotas for acceptance are set . 
  this is very smart move from your government even though it makes them seem like tools . 
  they said on inquiry that they did n't want to ask asylum here , and that they seek for it in germany , its their right from 1951 un convention . 
  we were letting them to hungary , as its closest way to germany.there was alot of rustle here about transporting them but in the end they would get there on foot in couple of days anyway , why not be humane about it and give them transportation to belgrade , and then wherever they wanted to go . 
  im not sure but last number i heard is about 1000 , nobody was reject though . 
  fake , it was n't written in cyrillic . 
  we had 4000 in one day at its peak and we listed everyone and gave asylum to everyone who asked.although alot didnt want asylum but we did it exactly how eu required . 
  i understand that problem is far bigger in germany , only thing i wanted to say in that post is that treating them like human beings first and foremost could lead to much better situation for everyone . 
   a open heart and smiling face can only take you so far . 
   the reality of managing the logistics of 6000 + people on the move through your borders is unmanageable without huge volumes of coordination and assistance . 
  flair disagrees with you . 
  their human right for money is on the line !!, 
  good ol sanctions , backfiring is n't optional . 
  i know , i understand but please , look at the title of this thread . 
  uptight class like you is so easily triggered . 
  ad hominen surely fits your level of inteligence, 
  you are provoking hate , for instance.they are provoking religion in romanian thread . 
  im not sure your bragging about being rejected by whole population of british women is helping your cause of saying you are not xenophobe . 
  well even if you ignore bbc its quite obvious that most refuges are from syria , not overwhelming number but still . 
  im just up for relaxing this tension with whole of this refugee crisis , and linking worst side of both sides of the story isnt helping at all . 
  and putin will rule forever and ever . 
  you can find asylum rights there , but cause you are lazy , you wont . 
  and general anti-discrimination article from un is a thing you are so eager top piss on.really progressive of you . 
  you could post a link on how many refuges from congo went to southafrica it would contribute more to this thread than your spin-try link . 
   the fact that non of those countries present real danger in form of any war ? 
  macedonia and serbia have constant issues with albanians , greece cant handle their own population without help from abroad , if they flee from war they dont have to end up in unstable country . 
  about last part , i have seen both sides of them , and i can tell from first hand experience , fence and eu changing mind contributed alot to yesterday . 
  official eu statistics from `` first quarter of 2015 '' long before syrians started arriving in mass.try again , with some recent stuff . 
  [ really ] ( http://www.unhcr.org/3b66c2aa10.html ) i know you are lazy and cause i pull it out of my ass i will just quote you this : `` article 3 non-discrimination the contracting states shall apply the provisions of this convention to refugees without discrimination as to race , religion or country of origin . '',
