  you are starting to shit on human rights we agreed in 1951, 
   they are crossing numerous ` safe ' countries to get to germany ( as they say , according to media ) ... 
  in all honesty , what is safer to live in , germany or any other country on their way ? 
   as far as i know , a refugee fleeing his country form a war for his own safety have no reason to cross several countries just because that one farther offers slightly better social benefits or as i said they concider germany as the safest place to live in , and they are not wrong.im not excluding social benefits here as major factor , but their logic in seeking refuge in germany is far from irrational . 
   i 'm sure there are dozens or hundreds actual refugees amongst the masses that are just keep moving to north , but stating a significant portion of them are not economic migrants is a joke significant portion of them is making real refuges suffer , as i said in my first post here . 
  links please . 
  you cant call someone economical migrant just cause he didnt land in first neighboring country as refugee.thousand of hungarians flew to us as refugees not as economical migrants not so far ago . 
  if they think that germany is the safest country for them , they have every right to ask asylum there , its un convention . 
  most of refugees in europe are from syria , i really dont follow what you are saying here ? 
  you mean people that are not segregationist xenophobes like me?im flattered . 
  [ this war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war ) ill just quote a little thingy from it cause i doubt you will read : `` the main syrian opposition body -- the syrian coalition -- receives political , logistic and military support from the united states , britain and france . '', 
  oh they are refugees , you should have met them , the media forcing either enraged youth or dead kids is the problem and those real refugees that flee for a very good reason are getting forgotten . 
  we all heard it , please do fuel more hatred to people among them who are real refugees . 
  [ here ] ( http://cdn.oxwordsblog.wpfuel.co.uk/wpcms/wp-content/uploads/gasoline.jpg ), 
  to be more precise its 1 migrant on 25 houses containing 4 natives each.in worst case scenario when germany take them all solo.drama is too big here . 
  we could do that from day one , but we are listening to ever mind changing eu . 
  in the end that will be the case . 
   so there are two sides fighting ? 
   propaganda is only ok if it works for you . 
  you spinned it a little , but what i said is pretty much accurate . 
  well what do you expect , we greeted them when they came here from another eu country , greece , we asked them if they want asylum here , some 1000 of them asked and we granted it , rest are moving where they want , we are not the kind of savages that will let refugees walk on foot for 400kms to border.that was open and receiving refugees till yesterday ? 
  i do n't see your point?we treated them like everyone should and we are now bad guys again ? 
  we dont have any problems here thanks.refugees here are pretty cooperational and peaceful.yes the do alot of littering but thats only thing i can bitch about . 
  apparently , fences and xenophobic segregation make them mad.its not smart for police to intervene against them when they are not protesting against you in the first place . 
  serbian police was there watching hungary police throwing shit over border into sovereign country without consequence.rocks at hungary were thrown by syrians not serbians . 
  and our police did n't really have to intervene cause they were n't in any threat , if they did that 's called `` unnecessary use of force '' in modern world . 
  i could argue that eu governments do the same thing on far greater level than refugees do or can do , on daily basis . 
  there is 2 sides of the story here . 
  true , there was 200 young man in the first lines throwing rocks at the police.true , they look like savages and true , media isnt covering that in this particular case . 
  on the other hand , isnt it logical that young males clash with police instead of letting their female relatives do that?all cameras are focused on the fence , there was 0 to non coverage of 3 generation families in the back of it all that went to croatia border shortly after clash started . 
  `` hungary gassing children '' is just click bait title , they would be 100 % right if they said , same concept but far more concerning `` eu country is teargassing refuges '' edit : little text many typos, 
  even those people in the front of the fence have families behind them , when you see 200 young male individuals at fence throwing rocks at police , it looks far more logical than 200 grandmothers and mothers with little children doing the same . 
  there was maybe not 1-1 ratio of women there but media coverage made it look like bunch of only young radical man were trying to breach to eu . 
  spinning already started , spreading fear and segregation is worse than any type of integration . 
  stop the mantra , nato needed base , serbia didnt want it , and they `` liberated '' 1 part of country ,500 albanian people killed in span of 10 years isnt genocide you stupid prick . 
  and `` kosovo '' is still serbias province , runaway province buy still just a province . 
  nothing in particular apart from more concetrated littering.about thousand got asylum here , actually everyone who asked for it got it and its still in power , they are not really troublemakers like you saw today they just dont want to stay here , they are happy to leave we are happy they are leaving , win win . 
  could be i throw nazi alot.depends what context it was.i dont throw it in puppey threads for sure . 
  well not agreeing with current pupper government in your country doesnt make you less nationalist , i love my coutry , i dont even remotely like current people in power . 
  waste of money and manpower for some political points.they wont hold for a week not a full month . 
  nah , its cause he enjoys biggest support of us and eu , he have biggest campaign money and literally buys votes.i shit you not . 
  ill go on a limp here , they digging his majestic past . 
  ill start with this . 
  primeminister of serbia is same guy who was minister for media affairs in milosevic government.do you really want to know more ? 
  the only thing i find hard to believe here is that rts managed to send the tiniest female journalist they could find to almost warzone . 
  we had some experience with refugees in yugo wars and `` kosovo '' war so ... we probably understand their suffering more than other countries and that could be it.also what you have seen today didnt happen at all here in serbia for past couple of months and 150k + of them that went trough were pretty cooperative and friendly . 
  tldr : depends from person , either you like them or dislike them , but in both cases you understand them . 
  this kind of reasoning will spark big conflicts enjoy . 
  we did , every refugee who asked for asylum here got it . 
  if you mean why dont we take all of them currently in serbia , we are not some kind of prison country that can hold them as prisoners here against their will . 
  just w8 for link , it was on tv journalists is from like 10 min ago, 
  im not sarcastic , im just on basic human level dissapointed.i had the priviledge to meet some of refugees here in belgrade parks , you are demonizing them for no reason.you dont deserve them in all reallity , but they lost their homes so they go to you.i lost faith in this whole eu human right civilized bullshit.bunch of hypocritical xenofobs . 
  they walked in greece , eu country , nobody gave a shit , they try to walk to germany , walls teargas and army . 
  fuck that and fuck praising that kind of shit . 
  those are separate issues . 
  fence in hungary stop the flow of new immigrants , germany nods , germany wants immigrants on eu soil to be distrubuted evenly between countries , germany mad , you tried to spin it a little , didnt you rascal you . 
  oh ye ** before mentioning sanctions check my cool flair , 
  you cant talk with batshit crazy people anymore.hate is fueled against those immigrants like theres no tommorow.teargas and watercannons allrdy in play .1 step to rubber bullets ,2 steps to live ammunition.eu values . 
  edit : downvote this cause this is majority of eu.hate yourself . 
  they report like that all the time , sometimes it fits your cause , sometimes dont.trust me , we here know . 
  what make you think hungary did this for themselves?they are transit country for christ sake , they wouldnt have thousand asylum seekers overall , the fence the teargas and the army on border are there to protect bigmouth merkel and austria.both of witch nodded silently to orban about building the fence . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war this particular part : `` both the syrian government and the opposition have received support , militarily and diplomatically , from foreign countries leading the conflict to often be described as a proxy war . 
  the major parties supporting the syrian government are iran and hezbollah . 
  both of these are involved in the war politically and logistically by providing military equipment , training and battle troops . 
  the syrian government has also received arms from russia and sigint support directly from gru , [ 641 ] in addition to significant political support from russia . 
  [ 642 ] the main syrian opposition body -- the syrian coalition -- receives political , logistic and military support from the united states , britain and france . 
  [ 643 ] [ 644 ] [ 645 ] some syrian rebels get training from the cia at bases in qatar , jordan and saudi arabia . 
  im just saying that eu isnt exactly innocent in whole of this crisis , nothing else . 
  i dont know , alot of people will look at this as `` civilized eu member state is using teargas and watercannons against refugees '' . w8 for papers tommorow . 
  i dont disagree with you , but what you said would be legit if , [ lets say france and uk , didnt finance asad oposition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/syrian_civil_war ) ? there is some responsibility for this in eu . 
  late to the party, 
  ye , it was for medical staff that arived just saw news . 
  for sake of everyone , tell mis merkel to relearn everything she knows about media . 
  fence 1 : guy in green shirt -10, 
  with current leaders it wont be really hard, 
  well in all actuality i feel sorry for you guys now.we really need , balkans i mean , like some kind of directive from eu what to do from now on , cause easiest thing for us to do here is to block macedonian border . 
  you really have difficulty grasping chronology of the events dont you . 
  what is nice in that?they are doing dirty work for germany . 
  hungary is transit country , abysmal number of refuges would stay there.germany and austria are the reason why hungary blocks immigrants , do n't fall for orban populism.if he did n't get green light from merkel this would n't happen in thousand years . 
  you forgot hungary . 
  im nationalist cause i tell people here they are reading article from yellow press?dont be delusional like your flair . 
   same as hungary , or even austria and germany tries now . 
  now is the key word.they were eager to take them before now . 
  yes really.clickbait title from worst form of yellow press in serbia , sure it must be true ... if mods here knew what you linked your post would be removed.don ' t spread that kind of bullshit like legit information . 
  everyone is bailing out of human rights and deals , building fences and deporting people , so should we . 
  outer border of eu failed at greece and now serbia is to blame , riiiiight.we are providing food , medical care and shelter for all of those poor people for months now , with 0 to none help of eu , enough is enough . 
  guilty as charged, 
  dont remove your flair ... too late i guess . 
  i understand you point , but bear in mind we are eu candidate , and we cant just make fence on our own without aproval of eu itself.alot of things done in past few months including out `` managing the flow '' was [ praised ] ( http://www.tanjug.rs/full-view_en.aspx?izb=198975 ) by eu and germany and now it was all wrong ? 
  nonono , you are throwing responsibility from yourselves . 
  you are ignoring the fact eu border failed first , after that failed why would eu candidate do better work with border security than eu itself?you are the one getting alibis.we are just controling the flow that shouldnt even happen if eu did its job right.and we just wont take any blame or tolls for your failing at that . 
  they are going from 1 eu country to another , are you that much uninformed?if you want to go from hungary to greece as a freaking tourist you are going same way.they were allready in eu before they took a single step in serbia.wheres alibism in that?casue serbia doesnt want to be responsible for eus lack of outer border security?fuck this , we should just open flood gates to every eu country and just deal with them on your own , we gave 1000 asylums they asked for , end of story.serbia isnt in eu , did n't participate in any destabilization of that region and now is stuck with people that do n't even want to be here?while easterneurope organize `` kill muslim '' protests?fuck that . 
  i like your lack of reading comprehension . 
   the difference is , we 've left that in the past . 
  you still did it you filthy terrorist offspring.leave it in the past but you still fucking did it when it was fitting your agenda.bomb planting at civilians , like fucking isis.you will lecture someone?get real ahmed junior . 
  anyhow , very smart people said history is mother of all knowledge and fools that forget it are doomed to repeat it . 
   so , refugees some in eu country , greece , they march to macedonia ( fyrm for malakas ) , then trough serbia , to another eu country , hungary and we should protect our borders how ? 
  stop playing naive and like a victim and explain.how to stop influx of refugees from 1 eu country to another?most of people are not aware of this but they will be dont you worry . 
  you forgot vietnam also there . 
  so , refugees some in eu country , greece , they march to macedonia ( fyrm for malakas ) , then trough serbia , to another eu country , hungary and we should protect our borders how?they were allrdy in eu?imagine if we refused to take any refugee in?jesus fucking christ we would be worse than merkel and orban combined .
