stable dictatorship is million times better than unstable quasi-democracy well not if you want free oil, 
  you have to ask dodik , 
  ok , so what will stop rs letting them in ? 
  flow must not stop.and im going to make a list of everything croatian government said in last month and failed at it . 
  complete denial in this thread . 
  so you are saying he is fucking right ? 
  wow , we are good here . 
  u are right , but does that makes him wrong ? 
  making germany strong, 
  croatian humanitarian system colapsed and everyone is to blame except them . 
  i saw this as a whine post and it indeed is a whine post cause you cant handle them, 
  well eu knows who did what so dont worry . 
  eu , either send croatia money or more manpower cause they clearly cant handle refuges alone . 
   ethnic cleansing croatia did just that and got country . 
   `` still '', 
  its actually more like catalonia but i know you would n't list that cause of reasons . 
  that iso setting would n't pass iso standards at volkswagen . 
  ill see myself out ... 
  named serbian republic.and i said he aint from bosnia , cause there are muslims and croats there , serbs are in rs.with hes flair , he states he is serbian . 
  people here are so easily triggered ... 
  are you defending my post or what ? 
  can someone explain me why number `` 4 '' is actually number `` 3 '' in czech r , slovakia , hungary and poland ? 
  edit : fail joke about poland vote . 
  cause bosnia is bosnia and rs is not bosnia, 
  ardenes . 
  1913 never forget . 
  if you made any sence here i would reply.get coffee and try again . 
  how much was daily record for two of us?cant find data about daily peak of refuges at serbia-hungary border . 
  im sorry for your reading disability . 
   keeping a great economy great involves selecting migrants who will add to the economy rather than be a burden upon others . 
   your viewpoints essentially mean that competent populations are to be punished , because they ca n't keep the society they built for themselves , for themselves . 
  you said both things in 2 posts . 
  how are you competent when you continually take best of the best from foreigners?you are riding the economic wave caused by same just better educated immigrants and trough couple of your post you still think of yourself as someone who is entitled to something ? 
  im not getting into this , cause this kind of logic will come to that that syrian , iraqi , afgan * illegal immigrant * with university degree will get priority in your country over family of 5 * refuges * who actually lost everything . 
  you know what.fuck this , world is spinning in sick direction for a while now.things will have to get right , one way or the other . 
  i have read through everything , twice . 
  this isnt racism . 
  this is panic racism . 
  hardly , went blunt after too much sand poking . 
   i tried to look un regulations from '51 and '67 also from wikipedia but i could n't find anything what would say that asylum seekers have free passage trough countries and they does n't have to follow national agreements - would you mind to link something official please ? 
  something what clearly says dublin regulation is illegal or something . 
  u expect me to give u un quote on un legislation from 1951 saying that dublin agreement from 1990 is illegal?it had 1 more conveniton about refuges in 1967 and its final.everything made after that is either by the un book we all signed or it isnt , there is no gray zone to dance in.cause when countries dance by they own about refuges rights , gas chambers apear . 
   also one big things is that none who does n't register is not a refugee - they are asylum seekers till the point their case is handled and they got agreement for refugee status . 
  none of those who walk trough europe is refugee - they are asulym seekers and even if they would be i do n't really see what kind of threats they are escaping from countries like turkey/greece/machedonia / serbia/croatia/slovenia / austria / germany/denmark or sweden ? 
  before finland there were 10 countries where they could register and apply for asylum . 
  immigrants are not a factor here , what is our job is to process them all and give asylum to refuges.deport rest i dont really give a flying . 
  you are also not asked in regard of what refuges percieve as `` safe '' country.again un gave them right to ask for asylum in any country they seem fit and thats why there is a concept of transit countries . 
  and for the last part , you cant treat refuges same as you treat trespassing civilians . 
   keeping a great economy great involves selecting migrants who will add to the economy rather than be a burden upon others . 
  thats utopian way of seeing things , well it worked to some extent till recent , but apparently payday for that has come . 
   it is not `` segregation '' for a nation to assert its right to maintain control of its own space that it has built for its own people . 
  no , thats in this case racism.immigrations are pretty much core of every country and every society . 
  makes one wonder who really is the `` bad guy '', 
  uber is shady af , no wonder . 
   according to my knowledge there is no limits in dublin regulations . 
  un resolutions are fine but dublin regulation says how european union will handle the refugees . 
  if you in any shape or form cross over un regulations by dublin agreement , then you de facto violate un by ruling it out in specific areas as universal right of all refuges and asylum seekers.dublin doesnt do that , and dublin cant override their right of free passage for refuges no matter what internal acts it enforces over eu citizens and everyone who isnt refuge . 
   i did n't know that countries can cherrypick the agreements what are fun but dodge the agreements what are not fun even they are signed them . 
  u understand u are nitpicking here and that u infact choose to pick some eu regional policies over act we all signed 60 years ago ? 
   finland should fine other countries ( exept hungary ) for not following dublin regulation - at least our economic problem would be solved with it . 
  you economic problem is of least importance in this whole thing , and problem throughout eu is that countries fail to see that . 
  with great economies comes great migrations , you can try to fight it or embrace it.if you choose to fight that immigration with segregation you are quite honestly begging for violent response of segregated people . 
  crisis on this scale happened and dublin wasnt made to regulate this ammount of people . 
  follow un resolutions to the letter.those happened long before dublin agreement and are signed by whole world , not half of 1 continent . 
  from what i see here i should start fence making company . 
  what happened to european solidarity and all that good stuff ? 
  i dont know guys , its one thing to fence border with serbia , like its not in eu and shit , but fencing between eu countries doesnt look optimistic at all . 
  stop the bullshit ,22 h , never forget.you can handle refuges like merkel can keep her mouth shut . 
   you literally do n't even check southern border with macedonia but you can shit on us . 
  registered all of them , you cant even grant them safe passage , let alone do registration process , big mouth eu mistake . 
   `` dealing with it '' may be overselling it . 
  if anything , serbia is doing exactly the opposite - not dealing with it and letting the problem pass to other countries . 
  like transit countries should do , and as transit country you need to register them.serbia does that and croatia cant even escort them without registration to north , that says alot . 
   if serbia sealed its border with macedonia , we would n't be having this conversation . 
  they were coming from eu country and they were invited in germany , and you cant , if you follow un and eu on this crisis , just deny access to refuges and asylum seekers just because you are xenophobic.you should know that , you are in eu after all . 
   letting hundreds of thousands of migrants roam your countryside freely while trying to get into neighboring countries is not `` dealing with it '' . 
  even your prime minister said that whole new industry of safe refuge travel is invented in serbia , i dont know why you think they `` roam '' where ever they want , unless you are watching too much hrt . 
  we are dealing with it in every sense and under un laws , denying them access and crying after only 22h that you cant handle them for instance , is not dealing with it . 
  i hope you can see thing more clearly now . 
  who said we have to answer in same measure?you managed to deny access to serbians only cause they had serbian passport today?i need to consider your stance while you are reviving ndh methods ? 
  and you should try returning homes and properties of 300k serbs you ethnically cleansed from croatia first , before moralizing me here about stealing . 
  edit : tell facts and croats go berserk , i dont give a fuck actually . 
  its called danube . 
  but on the bright side , you wont be able to say he was incompetent of anything . 
  how is this kids fault again ? 
  friend is separate cause malaka is for what you do all day long xoxoxo j/k , 
   ffs what should greece do ? 
  sink the fucking boats ? 
  do you think we are unable to do so ? 
  we are talking about families here and not an invading army so all this `` defence `` nonsence is completely out of place . 
  whole eu went batshit crazy with xenophobia my malaka friend , just take it easy . 
  you cant forbid them to seek asylum in country they want to ask for it , we didnt invent that shit . 
   and sooner or later western europe will say enough and you will end up with million refugees in your country . 
  u should scare slovaks with that shit , you can dump 10 million of them here , and you know what will happen?hordes will continue to rush to germany and countries alike completely illegally.they dont want to stay here and we , for sure , wont force them.have a nice day . 
  so we work with russia now cause we follow eu directives , german invites and follow un by the book.ok . 
  exactly what i said . 
  since 1 hour ago you can ,2 hours ago its was imposible . 
  that actually just change to that 1 hour ago , you tried to forbid access to serbian passports , and it worked like that for couple of hours , but brussels said nono , and now its `` just vehicles '', 
  we cant and we actually dont have to . 
  lack of eu initiative is only thing that is stopping us from making that fence .
