  and the point that you think you can dump everything here just cause you rejected them wont hold , cause non of those refugees droped from air in serbia . 
   we should have just left your people to rot .100 years and your people have still not learned how to settle a disagreement without violence . 
  we dont plant bombs at civilians like some island terrorist barbarians did , we just shot at germanic officials , archdukes preffered . 
  i can bet there was a guy like you and a guy like me in 1930s . 
  guess who was fond to `` lets be civilized '' karmawhoring and how that end up . 
  i wasnt talking directly talking to him , but to that `` no war plz let them do whatever they want just keep peace '' attitude that prevails here . 
  ah yes , good ol pacifism , let germany rise to power once again and have fingers crossed.how * 50 million dead cause of it * you . 
  germany needs military lecturing again . 
   they 're a second tier regional power . 
  nobody stopped second tier regional power in ukraine.if they were some sand people they would be droned and bombed till democracy.but heck second tier regional power seems to be enough to stop everything these days . 
  im talking here from perspective of someone who lived trough same thing they did with `` dictator '' and `` selforganized uprising '' of the people . 
  neither he was really dictator , neither was that selforganized , not even 1 % of ukraine people were there , and they managed to take down legally elected president.srdja popovic , guy who did same thing in serbia and in all color revolutions was there all the time.it was organized and financially backed by eu.they have puppets in office now , they dont work for ukraine people.pattern is same everywhere . 
  well if you look competition that yeltsin russia was providing and todays putin russia , some competition is there for sure , check ukraine , syria and euroasian block fortifying . 
  us , china , russia , to some extent india and brasil are key players of today , rest are just colonial leftovers or remnants of destroyed empires . 
   no , they only invaded ukraine , annexed a part of it and continue to fund and support a violent war in eastern mainland part of ukraine . 
  what a friendly ` brother nation ' . 
  you are really ignoring the fact anti russian gouverment was forcefully installed there prior to conflict ? 
  russians did n't give money for violent maidan protests that took down legit elected government , as far as i remember.oh and they are global players now , you cant deny that . 
  haters gon na hate , literally . 
  yes yes , protect eu but flood eu candidates like there is no tommorow without any help whatsoever . 
  would n't go that far , but from what i understand russians nowadays feel more on par with west and they are acknowledged as global players , far more then in yeltsin times . 
  you dont have to agree with me . 
  same like countries not in eu or nato dont have to agree with their logic . 
  nice answer , explained nothing but i didnt really expect anything from you . 
  i allready gave you answer and you are just playing naive . 
   neutrality about what exactly ? 
  please do stop confusing neutrality with being militarily non-aligned . 
  they are fundamentally different things . 
  nope . 
  nice argument please elaborate it . 
  military non-aligned is pretty much what is called neutral , you cant be economicaly neutral , i dont see your point at all . 
  you are not in nato , you are not sided with russia , you have some kind of neutrality in modern world.you can argue here you are not neutral cause you are in eu or you are fond to nato but thats only that , your preference and nothing else.the moment you pick side , officially , as most people here are diving to , there could be problems , far bigger than you currently have . 
  did nato risk something over crimea?he is giving too much significance to particular island not cause is of the outmost importance to russia but because its sweden.i understand that island is usefull but i dont think its anywhere in rank of sevastopol warm sea port . 
   my parents visited romania a few times in the 1980s ( during ceausescu 's prime ) , they often told me shocking stories about empty markets and long lines waiting for food . 
  get on our level , we had that in 1992-1994 here . 
  media . 
   it 's up to sweden to put papers forward not nato 's . 
  ukraine wanted that also , just saying . 
  russia sided with nato signing partnership for peace.means nothing in reallity though.unless you become full member . 
  im not sure you follow me here.i said this is about sweden picking sides.if i can remember , russia for sure remembers `` neutrality '' of sweden.so you are here with 2 options , be truly neutral country or risk ukraine scenario pursuing nato . 
  im not neutral in my stance , my comment history says that , but im also anti war.sweden in nato is direct provocation and i would not advocate it . 
  whats confusing you , if public opinion is split equally , after alot of fear spin from media , is that threat even real?simple as that . 
  edit : fear-mongering , really nice word, 
  i said it in this post allready , its not about russian threat being true or not , its about sweden picking sides that can lead to issues.you are far better looking with neutral status . 
  im pretty sure that you have very distorted picture of who the bad guys are on global level nowadays.i have my beliefs , i dont have to agree with ludacris western comprehension of the world and its future . 
  u/oldstarfighter said `` decades of fearmongering has finally come to fruition . '', 
  yes , im making factual questions cause on same principle of that public opinion sweden public can side themselves against russia and that can go very very wrong . 
  i dont care about your seeing of gotland and its status for you.russian fleet is biggest in baltics , sweden is , or half of swedes are , provoking something that can go very very bad for rest of europe . 
  nato gave 0 fucks about putin getting sevastopol warm water port , you really think it will wager world stability with you joining?get real, 
   this is about sweden wanting her uncle sam to keep her safe from the nasty russians pretty much and while they are out of nato story they are less likely to be provoked by russians , if sweden keeps its status of somewhat neutral , its best for everyone . 
  if they want that , trust me nato will know and they wont try to escalate anything about some island . 
  well , if its almost 50-50 im not sure that threat is real . 
  this guy remembers dark times . 
  us logic is flawless when russians start fixing things . 
  its perfectly readable if you know cyrilic , guess again . 
  cause , you know , they were there . 
   albanians were a minority in serbia but we were always majority in kosovo . 
  not really comparable . 
  like russians in crimea.you dont follow . 
  and dont worry , till nato is there and u are protectorate and not a country u are safe . 
  wow you are ignorant sorry ass , run boi . 
  ok , iraqi wars ,3 decades of it.what changed ? 
  on domestic level , government work in favor of big businesses.what changed ? 
  us domestic and foreign policies . 
  lol that coming from a. . . nvm, 
  its same whoever wins.only thing that matters there is who lobbied on winning side the most.and lately lobbyists finance both sides, 
  well crap . 
  and when countries not in eu , like serbia , start opening flood gates . 
  you really do n't have to cut throats to be called uncivilized . 
  i would argue that 1 +1 in us dont add to 2 by that logic cause its same with democrats/republicans . 
  i know what you meant anyhow . 
  who gets executive power ? 1 out of 2 ? 
  you talk alot of shit yankie as someone that cant even bring down some asad guy.and he is not `` stealth '' or `` invisible '', 
  yes , civilized like european football fans . 
  well you can see how many parties are involved in russia . 
  you can compare that with , i dont know , us democracy . 
   if you dont agree to it can you explain why ? 
  or if a european military has been denounced , can you explain why people dont want it ? 
  germany having control of all combined military forces of europe cant go wrong for sure . 
  and i said that ukraine was in similair status , and nato didnt include them in , not because they couldnt get the standards or they are n't geopolitical important but because they are to the core against russian influence.if same principles apply , sweden wont get membership now even if they beg for it . 
  neither is sweden , i could be wrong if something happened between the time i typed this and pressed save button, 
  little russians that hate nato , yap . 
  wow , putin really scared the shit out of alot of you, 
  ye , they cant read cyrilic like two of us can right buddy , 
  simple math :45 +14 +84 less than 150 people killed is enough for nato to intervene ? 
  less than this :1999 - 2000 , in 2008 , carla del ponte published a book in which she alleged that , after the end of the war in 1999 , kosovo albanians were smuggling organs of between 100 and 300 serbs and other minorities from the province to albania . 
  you dont need massacres to gain independence and you cant get independence by being massacred , shown on `` kosovo '' case . 
  it can be easily fixed if you know what i mean . 
   same like albanians were minority in kosovo if you read very carefully , i said `` russians were minority in ukraine crimea its same concept , same like albanians were minority in kosovo and metohija . '', 
  as in , russians were minority in ukraine crimea same as albanians were minority in serbian kosovo and metohija.they both didnt want to be ruled by foreign government . 
  russians in crimea didnt want ukraine government , albanians didnt want serbian government . 
  hope you understand it now . 
  allegedly 45 `` civilians '' in racak are enough for whole nato to intervene?riiiiight . 
  ye ye , i understand you point , but this is like definition of `` overreacting '', 
  coincidence or not , i dont see any threat in that.russias navy is biggest fleet there by far , ofc they will do more activity than nato . 
   kosovo 's independence referendum never took place, 
  it only takes 1 nationalist and 1 archduke , but they know allready . 
  are you serious?they halted cable dropping company 4 times in 1 month for couple of hours , and thats a threat ? 
  russians were minority in ukraine crimea its same concept , same like albanians were minority in kosovo and metohija . 
  `` kosovo '' did n't even organize referendum while crimea did , even if you consider it illegal it still represent peoples will .
