but choa . 
  username relevant ... kinda, 
   `` the free world '' one more world than two worlds, 
   erdogan is an idiot but if you start to argue that the crusades were justified then you are no better dae the crusades were just a * defensive invasion * against islam !! 1 !!, 
   besides , even though he might be in the ** navy , any military personel can be used in a war . 
  ** not if it 's a war of attrition fought checkpoint to checkpoint in the middle eastern climate across two countries - one of which is effectively landlocked . 
  you do n't understand how warfare works do you ? 
  wow never thought of it that way . 
  damn you 're right he could block the isis navy supply lines . 
  how 's he gon na fight isis with a boat, 
  can confirm i 'm learning things about my own religion here, 
  guys listen to this ^ it 's literally coming from / u/yourbestfriendjesus, 
  we 're going to attach our sovereignty powered trident missiles to the east coast and propel ourselves over to the other side of the pond . 
  then he aint no friend of mine, 
   these guys just talk to get votes and do opposite of what they say . 
  politics 101, 
  no m8 there isnt i think i 'd know i 'm muslim, 
  i put the translation down below, 
  theres only 1 quran genius, 
  i put the translation up above, 
   you obviously have not read the qur ` an , i have a copy right here and the first page is just some waffley prayer praising god . 
  well im a muslim and i wouldnt phrase it like that but ye basically . 
  i put the translation down below, 
  the first page is the first chapter - surah fatiha it translates to  in the name of god , the infinitely compassionate and merciful . 
  praise be to god , lord of all the worlds . 
  the compassionate , the merciful . 
  ruler on the day of reckoning . 
  you alone do we worship , and you alone do we ask for help . 
  guide us on the straight path , the path of those who have received your grace ; not the path of those who have brought down wrath , nor of those who wander astray . 
  amen . 
  not sure whats so disgusting about that, 
  this sub has been pretty alt righty for a while, 
  back to r / league with you nerd, 
  how did an illiterate learn words as big as those ? 
  wan na teach me how to make strawmen like yours one day ? 
  far right is just right wing round here, 
  are you illiterate ? 
  i do , but look at the response i 've gotten . 
  are you guys really surprised people go and join isis to feel some belonging when native-born europeans ca n't feel welcome in their own home ? 
   ah so it 's just lazy parents and racist cumstains , just like in the 70s who tf did you think were doing `` whiteflight '', 
  im joking, 
  [ only when we get hit by terrorist attacks ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/001/207/210/b22.jpg ), 
  so what is he then ? 
   i mean you got some asians living for 4 generations in america and people still ask them `` huh , sure , american ... but seriously doe , where are you from ? '' . 
  because they 're racist and xenophobic ? 
  are you 're saying we 're / should be racist as well, 
  alright i 'll ask you since the other guy disappeared on me , would you not consider me european ? 
  armed africans and sri lankans literally walk around putting their flags up on streets, 
   majority of people in the world will never consider you european if you 're black , ever . 
  nah you 're just racist and are trying to justify it with `` everyone else is so its ok '', 
  if he grows up around japanese people in a japanese culture speaking japanese the kids japanese, 
  yes to both ? 
  why would they not be ? 
  i 'm asking you / u/benzo _ head specifically , if you would consider me european, 
   if a white person is born in africa , that white person is african ? 
  not all africans are black , nvm guess algerians and the rest of maghreb are european now, 
  so i 'm not european then ? 
  if they were born in the uk they 're still european ? 
  edit : dagger sign lmao, 
  so how does it make more sense ? 
   their opinion on the proxy conflict between iran and saudi arabia is worth fuck all . 
  aye , people are too busy with love island to even give a fuck tbh, 
  fuck off blair, 
  my guy uhh i mean salam, 
  change my view i 'm guessing, 
   not as much as england , of course watch your tongue u little shit, 
  desis , turks , persians and arabs the same no ? 
  are you muslim ? 
  remember us, 
  g ` luck lads, 
   the german menace is over . 
  yup its been over for like 72 years now, 
  my apologies, 
   ~ ~ article 50 ~ ~ brexit was a mistake . 
  ftfy, 
  a city state started and run by a brit no less, 
   you ca n't participate in the colonisation , abuse , murder and pillaging of a continent and then critique it for its failures a few decades later as if you are some impartial , well meaning academic . 
  but its ok cause he said algerian colonisation was a crime against humanity, 
  wahabists and salafists are sunni . 
  not sure why you think or who told you they 're a seperate sect ? 
  they believe the same things as other sunnis but practice differently . 
  wahhabism/salafism/hanafi 's / malikis/shafi 's / hanabali are different methodologies . 
   either way many muslims interpret islam differently and pick and choose what to follow . 
  and that is why you get moderates , extremists and anything in between . 
   it 's not that easy to learn about islam mate . 
  you 're on the internet and i just pointed you to an islamic forum . 
  ask away . 
   one of them is because according to some muslims the translated quran is not the same as the quran in arabic . 
  true , part of the miracle of the quran relates to the fact thats in arabic . 
  good thing most of us learn quranic arabic early on in life and that recitation of the quran in arabic is a key component of praying itself . 
  could you point me to a 600 page document as linguistically complex as the quran written in another language by someone whose illterate ? 
   that is why there are so many sects and contradicting beliefs . 
  2 sects . 
  3 if you count sufi 's who in the past were mostly sunni as well . 
   in fact why is allah a male ? 
  this part tells me that you have n't even attempted to read or understand the quran . 
  allah has no gender , alot of the times in quran allah refers to allah-self with `` we '' . 
  all of what you said does n't counter my point . 
  you spent 3 paragraphs just venting your frustrations about religion to me for some reason ? 
  why ?
