smokescreen in the sense as a picpocket tries to disguise theft as mass murder . 
  it is very difficult to act against a legitimate government without the publics help . 
  now public outcry will help the eu greatly in pressuring orban . 
  the chance of blind obrdience . 
  is that nit enough ? 
  the internet equals free speech in hungary . 
  i do not care about radio klub because i do not listen to it but iget my news from the net so net neutrality concerns me greatly . 
  if this is a cover story than it is as effective as disguising a simple theft as mass murder . 
  they do not work like that . 
  decision making in this government is done by our glorious leader alone . 
  he dreams up some stupid shit the parliment votes on it the next day . 
  for instance this tax proposal was a complete surprise even for members of the parliment , only three or four people wrote it in complete secrecy . 
  so the question has no answer they do not want to gain anything just the prime minister thought that there can be gained a few billon forints from internet providers and that would shut up those pesky online media outlets which criticize him all the time . 
  one of the problems is that no explanation was given at all . 
  it is rumoured that they want to raise the soldiers and the policemens salaries from this money . 
  the problem is that the government burns money like theres no tomorrow they already spent a hundred years worth of internet tax on football stadiums , just this year the president of the treasury spent five-ten years worth of internet tax on castles and a specialised economic university where they teach his insane ideas about the economy . 
  the onzernet subscriptions already contain 27 % sales tax in hungary , they are far from untaxed . 
  the 2.5 eur tax means a 15-20 % extra tax on top of the 27 % sales tax . 
  the business cap of 15 eur means a 100 % extra tax on the net . 
  very hard to know . 
  i hate him , and all my friends too , even the ones who were hardcore fidesz supporters even two years ago . 
  but that is anecdotal evidence , honestly it is impossible to tell , how many of the hungarians support him any more . 
  most likely most of his voters just see him as the lesser evil . 
  yes , and orange flags with orb\u00e1n and putin 's faces to protest against our relationship with russia . 
  why do n't you move there if you think it 's so nice ? 
  in the first version the tax would be taken after downloads and uploads too , so in this case for a gb of data the newspaper would pay as an upload , and the reader would pay as a download . 
  the next day they diluted it to 2.5 eur per month for individuals and 20 eur per month for companies . 
  the problem is , then it will not generate any revenue at all , why try it ? 
  yeah . 
  that 's actually called censorship . 
  yes , now his model society is russia . 
  and i would advise you to first live in a communist country for a few years before proclaiming what will ruin europe . 
  online newspapers blog hosting sites typucally operate on a small budget , a large portion of is the price of bandwidth . 
  if you increase the price of bandwidth tenfold or hundredfold these conpanies will go bankrupt immediately . 
  they are not censoring the internet just making sure that index.hu 444 . hu , origo.hu , will pay an outrageous sum of money which they likely will not be able to do . 
  the eu will have some things to say about that inveszment too . 
  they might even stop it . 
  but now no one is paying football huligans to vreak havok . 
  how many times are articles and videos downloaded ? 
  this would just increase the cost of bandwidth 1000 % and decrease ad revenue ( less readers and even less of them will download ads if it costs money ) . 
  thid would be more than enough to bankrupt every onlyne news portal . 
  since 2002 he was waging a war against common sense . 
  his strategy was simple : although he was in opposition , he attacked every single law the government made on every single forum he could . 
  they went to the constitutional court , they went to the eu , the us , they organised protests . 
  they held a large portion of the media , which criticized the government day and night with unprecedented fury . 
  they conducted extremely aggressive smear campaigns against every politician with the most retarded causes you could have never imagined . 
  before 2002 he was in power , he took great care to plant his loyal men to every position imaginable , they sabotaged every effort of the government . 
  you can not imagine what went on here , forn instance you could not get to be a headmaster of a high school without good fidesz connections . 
  they held this up for eight long years , through two whole governments , and after nearly a decade-long warfare , mszp , the other large party simply collapsed after a large scandal with the prime minister . 
  then orb\u00e1n got his two-thirds majority , by employing his hardcore voters who will wote on noone else but him . 
  he basically has a large religious sect with one or two million members , they will vote on him no matter what he does . 
  after he got absolute power in 2010 he changed the whole voting system , and got re-elected easily in 2014 . 
  now he is trying to neutralize the last remainign pockets of resistance . 
  honestly the end is near : easily accessible cash sources dried out , the economy is just as bad as ever , and now the joint attacks from the us and eu will start . 
  orb\u00e1n is a trickster , he has no power , just likes to try strange moves but now he is cornered . 
  but now they take away our porn !, 
  we have a dictator . 
  otherwise we are good chaps . 
  it is the final assault on free speech in hungary . 
  offline media is in the hands of orb\u00e1n , if he can kill online news sources , he has managed to isolate the population . 
  its a wannabe dictator who wants to kill this pesky thing where people can just go and say anything they want and free newssites operate outside of government control . 
  they have lost touch with reality . 
  absolute power does that to you usually . 
  we are seeing the endgame . 
  i hope for a revolution . 
  orb\u00e1n is against free market , and corporations . 
  he believes in a planned economy and state-owned companies . 
  yes , all traffic . 
  you know the web is the place where people badmouth our beloved leader , so it 's logical for a would-be dictator to make the internet inaccessible to laymen . 
  it 's pretty simple , in hungary orb\u00e1n has his hands on every media outlet , except the online press . 
  with this trick he will kill the online press immediately . 
  thus bye-bye free press !, 
  and the amount of hungarians who read about the outside world will decrease drastically too . 
  ruining the whole it sector is not a great price for total media control . 
  its not retarded at all . 
  the web houses the last remnants of free press in hungary , hungarians living abroad keep in touch with families through the net and people even talk to each other there , they exchange thoughts they even dare to speak ill of our glorious leader . 
  he wants to stop all these , peolle should read official newspapers , watch state - owned tv stations an generally shut the fuck up . 
  this tax raises internet prices maybe tenfold , many of us will not be able to afford the connection , thus the last remnants of free speech will be gone in hungary . 
  i have been following this story for days now . 
  it 's a shame that we need the us to intervene in these things when corruption was so evident for years . 
  i just hope this will change things in hungary . 
  i anticipated a low place for hungary . 
  they could build football stadiums , like hungary . 
  deporting millions just because their ethnicity ? 
  that 's not something a politician in europe would endorse , more likely something stalind would dream up . 
  think about kosovo !, 
  why could the albans just not move to albania from serbia ? 
  think about hungary and romania !, 
  why could hungarians living in romania not just move to hungary ? 
  or if you are from austria , think about the dissolution of the habsburg empire !, 
  why did they not force every single nationality out of habsburg territories instead of dissolving the empire ? 
  first it is true that there is a sizeable russian minority in ukraina , so if this is their legitimate movement for freedom it can not be just crushed , it would be like helping the turks subdue kurds . 
  most likely the eu does not want to get into a war like in the former yugoslavia just to keep a country together against the will of its inhabitants . 
  for instance no one tried to quench the scottish separatists , they can hold a referendum about leaving the united kingdom . 
  secondly no one wants to start world war three with a large nuclear power , first diplomats will try to determine who they are actually facing and why . 
  if the situation can be resolved by a few sanctions and some talking that would be preferable to everyone involved than even a few thousand casualties . 
  i would send the guy who wrote this book to a coal mine . 
  if you think about it writing a book is a very easy job he must be ashamed for getting off this easy when he could do hard labor instead . 
  not just of late . 
  for at least a hundred years we are blaming others for our problems .
