i 'm pretty sure that welfare registry says otherwise . 
  wo n't happen , you ca n't go against one of the biggest and the most inefficient public sector in europe . 
  it requires government with spine and brain but such people do n't meddle with politics . 
  if you think eu can just impose some measures , our politicians will find solution to the logic of the problem and make it disappear . 
  you ca n't communicate with someone who 's definition of logic and common sense are on the opposite , balkan mentality end of the spectrum . 
  but it 's possible to bullshit your way into eu like we did . 
  eu : you need to pass this set of laws to close this chapter . 
  croatia : 500 new laws brought into the legislation in one week , parlament takes the rest of the year off . 
  no enforcement of new laws , cooked up metrics etc. 
  you ca n't teach the balkan mentality new tricks , every change or work incentive will be met with resistance and referendums . 
  % of people who bothered to vote . 
  people get married but it says they 're in civil union , not marriage . 
  can we move on ? 
  his right arm suddenly started to twitch verticaly upward but that 's about it . 
  now replace every instance of the word `` weed '' in your post with `` alcohol '' and see how much sense it makes . 
  cheers !, 
  i do n't know why we 're wasting the time on this weed thing , let 's get drunk , beat wife and kill someone while dui . 
  psa : drink responsibly !, 
  brought to you by $ hypocritealcoholproducer . 
  forgot to mention ... 
  it was very cold outside and people waited for hours to buy hamburger ( only to discover they 're much smaller than they imagined ) . 
  you should have seen the crowd when first mcd opened in zagreb . 
  had jesus resurrected nearby , he 'd die of hypothermia . 
  new trams are also air conditioned . 
  old tatras at summer should carry biohazard warning due to full scale olfactory assault from funny smelling people . 
  looks decent . 
  reminds me of party tram in munich , music blasting from it at fuck that 's loud . 
  did n't manage to catch the ride though . 
  because most religious people here are only religious on paper and two times a year . 
  take croatia for instance . 
  90 % + of people declare themselves as christians yet they do n't practice religion in any form . 
  same goes for muslims . 
  there 's nothing to integrate , only corruption . 
  dvoje ljudi sounds perfectly fine in croatian , i 'm just not 100 % sure whether it 's gramatically correct or less preferable . 
  5 \u010dovjeka sure as hell does n't sound right , 
  no people from italy here ? 
  they have curious system for counting cardinal numbers from 10 to 20 . 
  1-10 for 11 2-10 3-10 ... 6-10 10-7 for 17 10-8 10-9, 
  in croatian , i think there 's something like 1/2/3 / 4 \u010dovjeka and then 5/6/7 / ... ljudi as a plural of \u010dovjeka but for more than 4 people . 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  number of people who died on goli island is maybe one permille of those who died in bleiburg and surroundings . 
  oh yeah , that oil rocks and it 's available almost anywhere here but not many people know about it . 
  it 's circus of corrupt clowns . 
  could n't you refuse military service on the moral grounds - conscientious objection ? 
  that 's what i did when i heard from a friend that they only had one target practice and chance to fire a shitty ak-47 , 5 or 6 bullets in total . 
  i did n't serve civil service in bolivia though but in the comfy leather chair of a da . 
  i spent 8 months there laughing my ass off reading all the alcohol fueled threats which make 70 % of all criminal offences . 
  beside that , i learned a lot about judicial system and law and even though i did not get paid it was productive and awesome work . 
  other people who did civil service usually ended in retirement homes or other similar places doing mundane stuff . 
  croatia : it was never mandatory . 
  in high school you can choose between ethics and religion , or at least that 's how it was 15 years ago . 
  2/3 no , 1/3 yes . 
  croatian consists of three official dialects , two of which are spoken just in croatia and are anything but subtle variation . 
  about ( not ) understanding slovenian ... depends where you 're from in croatia . 
  there are parts where kajkavian dialect is far more closer to slovenian language . 
  my grandmother on croatian side and friends grandmother from slovenian side of the river kupa spoke almost the same dialect . 
  i understand and speak slovenian just fine but i do n't understand half of words they use in some village in istria . 
  how about transport equipment ? 
  i hear our guns transport chunks of metal pretty fast , 
  my favourite genre is black metal and i can tolerate some death metal . 
  i ended up on outlook festival by chance and even though i 've been to great deal of biggest ( metal ) festivals in europe , outlook was the best of them all and there was exactly zero metal there . 
  and i was completely sober  anyways , there are some metal festivals around like http://metaldays.net pretty strong lineup ... 
  you might want to check outlook and/or dimensions festival in pula . 
  i 'd recommend that over sziget/exit/ultra type of festivals . 
  croatia has 3 official dialects . 
  i speak one of them and from where i 'm from , each village speaks it 's own version of kajkavian dialect . 
  while they share the same core , you would n't believe how different they can be . 
  some of them are outright so fucked up to the point where you do n't understand a word and it may come from a village 20 km away . 
  croatian alphabet is nowhere near adequate to represent sounds used in these dialects . 
  \u00e5 , \u00fc , \u00f8 , \u00f6 and maybe 20 other umlauts and weird glyphs would cover it . 
  all that on a small piece of land and about 30k people . 
  for instance , i can speak dialect from fathers village almost natively , while to be able to speak the dialect my grandmother on mothers side spoke , i 'd have to reincarnate and learn it since beginning because i just ca n't make some of the sounds , no matter how hard i try . 
  i can tell easily if someone learned this dialect later in his life or is native speaker . 
  yup , i ca n't think of any other way some 60 odd mig-21 's got smuggled into croatia during that period lol . 
  thanks , 
  we ca n't communicate . 
  seriously , i think that 's quite a factor . 
  hungary is that quiet neighbour in out media space , you do n't hear about them often . 
  there are some issues from he long gone past but no one gives a crap about those and that 's it . 
  if you 're looking to move your country , i suggest you share border with hungary , they 're the best neighbours , 
  we call it orehnja\u010da here . 
  there 's also the same thing but with poppy seeds , makovnja\u010da . 
  i guess you go to church to tell you what to think ? 
  but wait , there 's more !, 
  if russia attacks you in the next 15 minutes , croatia will send one and the only airworthy mig 21 to you help !, 
  * if it does n't fall apart all by itself . 
  i lower moody 's outlook to 2003 beta . 
  i can tell apart : slavic ; czech , slovak , polish , russian . 
  have trouble with macedonian , bulgarian and distinction between ukrainian and russian , lithuanian and latvian . 
  germanic ; german , dutch , english , swedish , norwegian , danish . 
  i understand quite a bit of norsk but i 'm not sure what danish is all about although there are couple of croatian dialects that cause the same `` wtf is he talking about '' reaction . 
  romance ; piece of cake all in all , i have the most trouble with distinction between slavic languages . 
  he probably never took a crap in 200k $ toilet , peasant ... 
  rusija do tokija !, 
  wait ... 
  it does n't matter how much you could have gotten with 1 kh/s in 2009 or today because it 's total hashing power what matters , not only yours . 
  yes , that 's deliberate design choice , just like anything else with bitcoin is deliberate . 
  also , things can change and improve , as they do all the time . 
  my bitcoin will always end up on the other side of the world in couple of minutes for fee not worth of a mention . 
  in real world it would take at least 4 days and at least 5 % fee to do the same trough bank .
