  can you send your money with cc to someone ? 
  not sure what your point is ... 
  i rest my case . 
  bitcoin is not perfect , but then again nothing is . 
  to people who think bitcoin is sad little game all i can say is that you 're an idiots unable to comprehend the technical feat and possibilities such technology brings to the world . 
  the good thing is such people are not in position to prevent other developing new and cool stuff and world will overrun them and prove them wrong once again . 
  it happened when someone invented the wheel and internet , it happens now when clever stuff is being done with crypto currencies and it will happen in the future with whatever it may be that they wo n't understand . 
  you 're wrong . 
  bitcoin is designed as public ledger with proof of work behind to prevent ledger manipulation . 
  you 're wrong again . 
  the supply of new bitcoins is self regulated by network to assure it 's constant , it does not decrease or increase outside of predetermined bounds . 
  ** if you mine with 1x power on monday you 'll end up with 1 coin . 
  if you double the mining power on tuesday the difficulty will go up and you will end up again with 1 coin as you did on monday . 
  ** now you 're playing strawman because it 's obvious you do n't know much about bitcoin . 
  as transactional tool , it does not fluctuate that much as you think it does and those fluctuations do n't diminish its usability as much as you think . 
  as more and more people use it , the fluctuations will be smaller and smaller . 
  i repeat again , this thing ca n't become perfect overnight . 
  now , verification times ... lets see , i payed for vpn last month an it took 30 seconds to verify transaction , comparable to amount of time it would take me to pay with paypal or cc . 
  i also bought some electronic component via bank wire transfer and it took 3 days and $ 5 fee . 
  30 seconds , 5 minutes or one hour is not problem when sending money on the other side of the world with very low or no transaction fee ( you may choose ! ) . 
  please note that bitcoin protocol is not fully implemented and there are lots of cool new things to come . 
  no it 's not , pyramid scheme is scam , bitcoin is of technology clearly out of reach of understanding of people who call it sad little game . 
  please read the whole thing again , op was trying to implicate that big growth rate indicates shaddy nature of bitcoin . 
  i was just trying to prove the point that bitcoin is not pyramid scheme . 
  you 're dwelling into pros and cons of currencies . 
  there are inflationary crypto/digital currencies out there . 
  people like / r/quebe dismiss digital cryptocurrencies because they do n't understand them . 
  it 's easy to pull words like pyramid or ponzi out the ass , it 's whole another level to understand the feat of creating currency such as bitcoin , that takes some brain matter . 
  only 10 % of gold is actually used as material for jewellery , electronics and for whatever else is used , other 90 % and in vaults so its usage is not what gives it value , it 's scarcity . 
  same thing with bitcoin , it 's limited to 21 million coins . 
  since gold is not used in everyday trade , how come it did n't crash ? 
  can you point to any proof of bitcoin losing its functionality as transaction tool ? 
  70000 transactions are made daily and many more off blockchain . 
  i 'm not sure what do you base your statements on ? 
  does it have something do to with one shitty exchange named mt gox ? 
  you mentioned hindenburg so i put you into `` i want this thing to burn '' category , sorry about that . 
  but , bitcoin has long road ahead . 
  noone said : we will set price at n , this is it , it either fails or not . 
  it does n't wrk that way . 
  the fact that bitcoin increased in value by 650 % is normal because bitcoin does not have any preset value . 
  gold value also increased by several thousand percent since the dawn of the time , is that a sign of weakness or the nature of things ? 
  the problem is that people do n't understand what problems bitcoin solves and the genius of implementation . 
  on the other hand , i do n't understand why it 's so difficult to get that bitcoin is still young technology and ca n't become ( insert fiat currency name ) overnight . 
  to hope that bitcoin `` burns down '' is like hoping that new malaria treatment does n't succeed . 
  i bet people hoped linux burns down in early 90 ' because there was no company behind it . 
  people hoped cars would never succeed because it was work of the devil or something stupid . 
  how stupid you must be to think this way ? 
  oh and there are places where you can see how much bitcoin is actually used in time interval of your liking but i 'm not sending you direct link , you will have to google it . 
  man , do n't you wish google burned down ? 
  it 's all robots now crawling the internet , there 's no man behind structured directory like there was with yahoo in mid 90 ' . 
  bitcoin is not silkroad , do you understand the distinction ? 
  and institutions and state state worked so well in madoff and million other cases where people lost their money but that 's not shortcoming of currency . 
  when your drug dealer robs you see if any institution or state gives a shit about your missing money . 
  there were 2 bank robberies yesterday here in zagreb and someone arbitrarily took 100 % of the money held there . 
  would you say that 's the shortcoming of currency or bank security ? 
  pyramid scheme ? 
  in that sense , fiat money is pyramid scheme as well . 
  if noone used it , it would n't have any value because you could n't exchange it for goods or vice-versa . 
  next time before you make such asinine comment , ask youself if the same thing applies to fiat currency because the chances are 99 % that it does . 
  you presumably imported it when you were part of yugoslavia as well , probably from bosnia and croatia . 
  bosnia has salt mines and croatia has sea but i do n't see it being `` rare '' in yugoslavia . 
  edit : slovenia also produces/d salt from the sea . 
  i heard how people got on a gas cylinder , snapped the valve off with a hammer and rocketing themselves over the danube . 
  according to the book , salt was rare in yugoslavia . 
  umm , what a load of bullshit . 
  croatia : 2 kisses , serbia : 3 kisses . 
  can someone explain where this kind of kisses in general come from and what are they supposed to mean ? 
  but it 's pretty indicative of what 's coming up . 
  our minister of economy said we 're to become `` small norway '' . 
  not because they 're doing something to improve our country but because there 's some oil . 
  not long ago , politicians spoke of croatia becoming switzerland with a sea . 
  oh , and we were just about to become second ireland , `` an economy tiger of the region '' . 
  i wonder what the fuck is wrong with us ? 
  can someone give us diagnosis ? 
  no , i agree with you but we have to play by the same rules as other countries . 
  pouring money into shipyards is obvious case . 
  we would n't have deficiti in budget had we gottenr rid of shipyards 20 years ago . 
  all that money could have been used to make our agriculture competitive with other eu countries but now we 're left with 2 cows and couple of hectars of crops . 
  on the other hand , companies that were making profits were sold to finance shipyards and other money drains . 
  why ? 
  for couple of millions of dollars that ended up in the pockets of various scumbags as a bribe . 
  not an ex spy but ex agent of stasi-like `` security '' agency . 
  they murdered croats all around the world just because they dared to speak against communists and yugoslavia . 
  this particular murderer scumbag changed skin when yugoslavia fell apart and held function in first croatian government . 
  we made a mistake by not doing lustration like poland did . 
  croatia wo n't become bailout case , you guys do n't need to worry about that . 
  croatia just needs reform of public sector to get rid of the deficit . 
  public sector employs 5 times more people than needed and its effieicancy is 20 time less than it should be . 
  this will be done soon because the noose is tightening up and eu will act as a catalyst by pushing for reforms since our politicans are spineless parasites . 
  yup , it 's eu 's fault . 
  our politicians , most of whom never produced a thing of some value in their life are not to blame . 
  for instance , minister of economy said we 're to become `` small norway '' because there might be some oil under our seabed . 
  minister of employment said there will be 250k jobs on the market and no workforce . 
  what else is being done , hm hm , well , that 's it . 
  good thing is we 're not in easter europe !, 
  wait ... 
   slavonia is to serbia right . 
  it 's up to them . 
  they need to revolt or something and become normal member of society . 
  read my answer once again , you will find the word `` almost '' in there .
