  they do but shortsighted people ca n't or wo n't see it . 
  this superficial way of thinking represents all that is wrong with this country . 
  yes , it was about banning same sex marriage , same sex couples wont be able to marry but their civil union will have almost all rights as married couples . 
  the current marriage law wont apply to them but some other similar law will and the outcome will be almost the same . 
  the better question is : what 's up with the rest of the country ? 
  and the answer is : lower gdp, 
  this referendum was not about banning same sex marriages per se but putting the definition of word `` marriage '' into constitution . 
  the government will introduce the law where same sex partners will have almost all rights as `` married '' couples apart from adopting the children . 
  the whole thing was waste of money and time . 
  my doctor is giving them for every and each shit to anyone , i refused to take them , i do n't even know how many times and i told her each time i wont be taking it . 
  the best/saddest thing is that antibiotics overuse warning posted prominently hangs ont he wall behind her . 
  it 's fucking incredible that noone monitors antibiotics usage and slaps doctors who are n't serious about it . 
  just stfu , will you ? 
  i 'd say any respected italian company publishes their own calendar with nudes ... 
  yeah , but there are parts of croatia where each village has its own name for almost anything , 
  yes but people in bih know better , they ca n't get over counting blood cells of their neighbours because that 's what matters . 
  here is djed mraz ( djed bozicnjak was coined by church as an attempt to mask its pagan origins ) and sv . 
  we too call georgia gruzija , 
  hint : it has to do with education . 
  just wanted to point out that two of the wealthiest regions in croatia voted against while the rest voted for . 
  that tells the whole story if you ask me . 
  it 's not common sense . 
  it 's lower socioeconomic status that won . 
  two of the wealthiest regions by far have vote against this proposition . 
  the rest voted for . 
  if you look at the eu as a whole you 'll see that human rights/gdp ratio goes south in both ways . 
  there was a 50 % +1 rule but it was dropped in order to ensure that eu referendum gets trough . 
  current government was opposed to this referendum but did n't seek opinion from constitutional court which would probably have said such issues are not constitutional matter . 
  they did so to get people occupied with irrelevant stuff so real matters like economics and unemployment fall into background . 
  they 're been doing that all the time by stirring controversial but irrelevant shit . 
  our politicians are special , god bless them . 
  nicely put . 
  too bad these ignorant people also lack in logic and do n't understand `` adapt or fuck off '' part . 
  what 's the point of this article ? 
  this guy ca n't tell east from south . 
  same with slovenian and serbian . 
  why not ban ? 
  why do n't you tell us how many albanians from kosovo were forced to leave their homes in the 90 's ? 
  judging by some comments , we do n't have full story here . 
  yeah , you 're right , two different things , by bad . 
  it 's baking ( wax ) paper , it does n't burn easily like regular paper . 
  there was serbia and it was part of sfrj . 
  you know what f in sfrj stands for ? 
  belgrade was capital of sfrj , serbs generals formed 90 % of jna . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ck8kgn06emy ) is how hernadi and sanader communicated in restaurant . 
  first they pulled out the batteries from their mobile phones and then passed notes so noone could find out what they were talking about . 
  now it makes sense !, 
  that 's like saying paper money will open the door to money laundering ... 
  what about budweiser ? 
  i find it better then urquell . 
  also , staropramen is produces here in croatia and it 's abomination . 
  we also pulled an ` ole switcharoo by burning old tires in dubrovnik back in 91 ' . 
  austrian companies seem to think of croatia the same way then ? 
  now playing : beatles - komm gib mir deine geld, 
  why over ? 
  he sounds like zagorec who speaks with fake accent to me . 
  i find linked theory pretty streched . 
  the underlying issue is : gypsies are burden to society . 
  99 % of them do n't contribute in any positive way to majority that feeds them . 
  they live off welfare in a manner that has no place in civilised society and no wonder people are getting sick of it . 
  too bad our politicians are spineless amoebas and wo n't do anything about it . 
  in fact , here in croatia politicians are competing who will give more free money , houses , and other stuff to gypsies in exchange for votes . 
  here 's how they operate in croatia : 1 . 
  find nice spot to live 2 . 
  build shitty houses without permits 3 . 
  complain they do n't have basic things ( electricity , water ) 4 . 
  collect welfare 5 . 
  `` we have no rights '' ( taxpayers money is good though ) 6 . 
  terrorise taxpayers , extort money because `` discrimination '' , `` rights '' 7 . 
  dirty , poor , illiterate , bundle of money in pocket , nice car , lots of gold 8 . 
  married , have their own `` guys '' , drive cars , still illiterate , still 14 y/o i hate the fact that taxes that i pay support some stinky scum who will never contribute single thing to society except to underage pregnancy and illiteracy statistics . 
  but only thanks to us , 
  i wonder how many people are doing this made up jobs ? 
  wait , there 's probably an govt ' agency in charge of social media pr . 
  croatia , a country of thousand agencies . 
  there 's one in croatia as well , it 's called veliko ( great ) trgovi\u0161\u0107e . 
  i still do n't know why you use those russian letters ? 
  ca n't you just use normal letters ? 
  better than sucking priests cock . 
  i may too . 
  what if i bought toilet paper , have i been sold butt wiping experience or what ? 
  he left kremlin but obviously has n't given up trolling . 
  i do n't know , serbia seems like tolerant society and i ca n't think of one reason why anyone would n't want to live under their rule . 
  of course they 're allowed self-determination , but within confines of serbian territory . 
  yugoslavia was federation and each country had its borders clearly defined . 
  imagine if some government embezzler came up with this idea to sell billboard space from his nephews advertisement company to government and in turn suck you lot into pouring more money by renting more billboards to `` fight back '' . 
  it 's a cunning plan that might actually work in this innocent part of europe . 
  pm was there on a picnic when he bumped into \u0160e\u0161elj and his besieging entourage so they decided , then and there to pour their hardships in front of the tv camera crew who also found themselves there by accident . 
  you 're trivialising by equating aggressor and victims . 
  been watching it for the past couple of years , hungover neighbors hate me . 
  zagreb : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mamutica 1263 flats , 5000 people . 
  thank you for the answer . 
  i just rewatched some parts and what is being said is `` istrebitel - bombardirovchik '' or just bormbardirovchik . 
  still , i do n't get logic behind formation of the word bormbardirovchik because there 's obviously a root of the word and this puzzling suffix . 
  while we 're on slavic languages weirdness topic , can you explain one thing i find puzzling in russian ? 
  i was watching documentary on russian war planes and narrator would sometimes use word istrebitel ( for figher airplane ) and more often what sounded like istrebitelchek in seemingly same contexts . 
  at first it sounded kind of silly to me because - chek suffix is used for diminutives in croatian and referring to those planes in diminutive form is out of place so i think it has to be something else . 
  so , when and why would he use word istrebitel vs istrebitelchek ? 
  thanks !, 
  qatar financed mosque in rijeka , you can bet that they bankrolled the one in ljubljana as well .
