  what 's reassuring about recent attacks is what appears to be an almost immediate response by police/security forces . 
  `` midget mayhem in paris : an inconvenient truth '', 
  northern ireland has lidl but no aldi , republic of ireland has lidl * and * aldi - how badly are we ( the north ) being shafted ? 
  that 's very interesting , thank you for such a comprehensive answer !, 
  i think ` projecting ' countries back into the past ( as you said with linking modern italy with the roman empire ) is quite a difficult subject , especially since people look to the past when trying to define a nation state . 
  do politicians rally the ` kievan rus ' idea ? 
  or is there no patriotic attachment , is it just history ? 
  i guess when i saw the ukraine tweet , and with my ( limited ) knowledge on the two countries relations , i saw it through the eyes of someone from northern ireland . 
  a former coloniser whitewashing the past by emphasising ` shared history ' but failing to mention the bloody and not-so-distant past , just feels like an insult to me , however i ca n't say if you feel the same - if i 'm misinterpreting the situation between ukraine/russia ( or just completely bending it to fit my own perspective ) let me know , i 'm interested to see if you think there 's parallels . 
  although i ca n't claim any knowledge of russian or ukrainian i think i get what you are saying , it 's a bit similar to the nuances with ulster/northern ireland , british/british isles , great britain/uk etc. 
  it 's also known as ` necrogamy ' if that helps make you feel more at ease ... 
  i never heard of posthumous marriage before but according to wikipedia it is legal in france and has it 's origins in the first world war . 
  it appears that the person is not legally marrying the dead person , but retroactively married to the person from the day before they died . 
  evidence is needed to show that the couple intended to marry and a credible witness claiming that the deceased had doubts can prevent the marriage application from being approved . 
  til . 
  my knowledge of russian history begins about the end of the 19th century . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  however , i imagine most ukrainians think of soviet russia rather than kievan rus ' ( if i 'm getting the name right ) . 
  why do you say that ? 
  when i think of ukraine 's relationship with russia my mind goes to the holodomor . 
  `` we are proud of our common history '' appears to be a popular euphemism for ` we used to own you ' . 
  i like it , a little bit more toned down than some of the other offices . 
  look at how the belgian pm shakes his hand , then look at how trump shakes it . 
  belgian 's body language says sincerity , trump 's says insecurity . 
  the guy said read the article , i was looking in the article thought i had missed something . 
  i have , i 'm trying to find a reference to rape , murder or subjugation ... 
   rape , murder , and subjugation not a little bit over the top ? 
  i do n't know why she 's so popular in mainland britain - no one i know is fond of her but i 'm in ni and she 's been hear i think once as pm for a fleeting visit . 
  i 'd say she 's boring and she may seem personally ` uncontroversial ' but i would n't say her policies are uncontroversial - ban on certain kinds of porn , snoopers charter , policing the internet , hard brexit , recently there 's been what people are calling the ` dementia tax ' etc. 
  her ` strong and stable ' rhetoric appears to have played well with daily mail-reading , older voters who remember ` the good old days when britannia ruled the waves ' , or at least that 's why i think she 's popular . 
  i 'm from ni , so no matter who i vote for it wo n't have any sway over who becomes pm , but i know i definitely do n't want may . 
  a rough alignment would be dup and uup with torys , and sinn fein and sdlp with labour . 
  alliance is very similar to the lib dems , and the ni green party with the english green party . 
  i have seen the torys run candidates in ni , but i do n't think any have ever been elected . 
  i know we have a devolved assembly but a good few people in ni feel disenfranchised as our votes will never return a government or a pm , and it 's voters in england , scotland and wales that have the meaningful impact . 
  i wo n't argue that it 's ` tabloid level ' , but the thing is that the result of the referendum was in support of brexit , but may has decided she wants a ` hard ' brexit , claiming no deal is better than a bad deal . 
  as a whole the uk voted to leave the eu , but not necessarily leave the customs union or single market , which may appears to want . 
  personally , i found the fact that she was ` pro-remain ' right up until there was a job opening for pm to mark her out as a career politician . 
  it 's funny being in ni , no matter who we vote for we have no real influence over who gets into government . 
  he spent a political lifetime campaigning to leave the eu , and she 's planning for a hard brexit . 
  why sdlp but no sinn fein ? 
   because of those times really really long ago that we will not speak about when i was in an irish museum with a norwegian guy i made sure to point out all the viking artefacts and made vague remarks about ` foreigners coming into our country ' etc. 
  he took it well . 
  i 'm not a historian so i 'm not trying to make any grand point on the relationship between europe and islam , but the person commented that it was ` rewriting history ' to include the relationship between europe and islam . 
  my point was just that europeans have had contact with islam well before the modern age . 
  edited : a word . 
  just thought the biggest terrorist attack in scandinavia may as well be included and it happened this decade . 
  edit : just to clarify , breivik attack was 2011 , you mention jan 2015 france attack , its not really `` that far back '', 
  you forgot anders breivik, 
  politicians oldest trick : `` we 're under attack , vote for me ! '', 
  you 'd think someones like marion mar\u00e9chal le pen , not that i know a whole pile about her , would be on the more liberal side of the party ( if it can be said that the party has a liberal side ) . 
  do you think marine le pen has successfully 're - branded ' fn enough to draw in more moderate voters ? 
  also fun fact , in the uk a ukip councillor blamed bad weather on gay people . 
  interesting , and i understand now what you mean by french ideas . 
  between a few holidays and doing french in school i have seen some french societal norms and the french definitely are proud of their country ( not an insult ) , my french teacher was always so enthusiastic when discussing things such as bastille day ( which i was lucky enough to be in france for ) or french traditions . 
  that 's wise on their part , i imagine if they discussed lgbt rights openly then they might alienate supporters . 
   french ideas what do you consider to be ` french ideas ' ? 
  i always thought france to be quite left-leaning . 
   the fn itself does n't advertise that part of its programme , but it 's pretty clear that a lot of its older voter base [ ... ] is very much against the lgbt type progress . 
  i understand , they do n't say it themselves but everyone know 's that 's what they stand for . 
  i always thought that with la\u00efcit\u00e9 , lgbt rights in france would have been fairly uncontroversial . 
   marine 's father is him chasing a guy while shouting `` i 'll make you run , faggot '' you 'd think french was too nice a language to have that word . 
  yeah , a lot of far-right groups try to defend themselves behind a single gay member , it 's like the ` alt-right ' and milo yiannopoulos . 
  thank you for the informative response . 
   also , they say they very much promote gays by opposing islam . 
  they argue that islam is the most anti-gay thing on earth , so by suppressing islam they promote gay rights . 
  it infuriates me when far-right groups attempt to show themselves as lgbt-friendly by comparing their stance on gay rights with islamic groups stance . 
  who would want to support a group that 's best argument is ` well at least we do n't want to kill you ' . 
  i 'm just curious as to whether anti-lgbt is a large part of their platform or ignored etc. ? 
  i would n't expect them to be allies or anything . 
  what 's fn 's stance on lgbt issues in general ? 
  ( not good i 'm guessing ) . 
  ok , but no need to ` explain ' to me ` that 's how democracy works ' . 
  unionists are a majority and always have been ( ni was created to be that way ) but nationalists have always been a large minority ( roughly 40-50 % ) . 
  the fact is that ni 's status within the uk has been fought for and fought against fiercely , so the idea that we 'd all fight against leaving the uk is misleading . 
   thats how democracy works . 
  do n't get annoyed , i 'm just saying that ` they ' is very reductive when ni 's history is defined by two opposing political ethnic-religious communities . 
   has no idea of the history of ni and that they fiercely defend being part of the uk ` they ' is vague considering ni 's history is marked by a long bloody conflict arising from the fact that roughly 50-60 % of the population who wanted a united kingdom and between 40-50 % who want a united ireland . 
  of course the troubles involved many other issues but you ca n't just say ` they fiercely defend being part of the uk ' . 
  i understand that 's how it works , i just disagree with the system . 
  there are far more democratic ways of doing things . 
  aye , i 'm surprised labour has n't elected a new leader . 
  chairman may because she was n't elected by the people but claims to speak for them , and because it just kind of works with her name . 
  yeah , corbyn definitely is of that political disposition but he 's too inept to be run a regime . 
  if he was in latin american there would already be plans to remove him in latin america . 
  the first things that come to mind that he did which deserved criticism were : - called a whole country of people ` rapists ' - mocked a disabled person - misogynistic campaign this has nothing to do with party politics , just showed himself to be a pretty unpleasant person . 
  sean spicer does most of the shit talking now it appears . 
  you doubt i think for myself ? 
   i 'm sorry if being against nuclear war i was being a little darkly-humorous but it must n't have come across . 
  however i do stand by my opposition to theresa may 's stance on nuclear warfare . 
   that 's why if someone ran as a party leader saying the stuff you say , they 'd be lucky to get 1 % of the national vote . 
  people are repulsed by craziness and your embittered over-the-top virulence sounds a nuttjobery to most people . 
  ha ha , we all know that crazy nutjobs do n't become party leader they become potus . 
  i 'm sorry if being against nuclear war , international arms-dealing , and politicians who befriend reckless populists to further their own careers makes me `` an unstable far-left extremist '' . 
  i may be against may , but i 'm not a labour voter either if that 's what you 're thinking . 
   a state visit to the us president is n't `` desperately ingratiating herself in an unstable foreign leader '' trump showed himself to be an intolerant and idiotic demagogue in his election campaign and theresa may decides to honour him with the most formal diplomatic invitation that can be extended to a foreign leader within the first month of his presidency ? 
  she did n't need to visit in the first week of his presidency or offer an invitation nevermind the highest form of invitation - she has decided she wants a close relationship with him , she was under no obligation to do any of this , it 's not standard procedure , it 's her decision in an attempt to woo him . 
   to criticize whatever you think trump has done that you believe needs to be criticized what i think trump has done that i believe needs to be criticised ? 
  if you ca n't see why a person would criticise a reckless , prejudiced , narcissistic , toxic figure like trump i 'm beginning to see why you might think t may is a good pm . 
   high-school cafeteria discussions i do n't know what age you think i am , but i 'm old enough to think for myself .
