aye , i have irish , i do n't describe myself as ` british ' and the eu one will be handier . 
  the poll should have asked about other identities , such as ` scottish ' , ` welsh ' etc. 
  as someone from ni , identities become complex , ` european ' , ` british ' , ` irish ' , ` northern irish ' ... and saying your one does n't negate another . 
  62 % of northern irish in the poll said they felt ` british ' , and 59 % said european , not much of a difference really . 
  yeah , not many people seem to know this . 
  if i remember correctly i read somewhere that gay inmates were sometimes beaten to death by other camp inmates , not guards , but other inmates ... 
  it 's funny how the law 's stance on abortion is the same in roi and ni . 
  it 's about the only thing that the dup agrees with the republic on ... 
  my guess is something like this : 1 . 
  attack sweden ( a liberal country with a muslim population ) - sweden then less liberal towards muslim population . 
  less liberal towards muslim population - muslim population becomes marginalised . 
  convince marginalised muslims sweden hates them and their religion , through radicalisation ( mostly online i 'm guessing ) . 
  convince radicalised muslim to attack sweden . 
  repeat . 
  of course radical islam would be against sweden in general because of their not being an islamic country , but i think this is the general reason for random attacks against the public . 
  that 's just my guess . 
  what would be really interesting would be to see the number of people who identify as ` catholic ' with the number of people who go to mass weekly , confession ( at least ) yearly , understand and follow church doctrine . 
  i know people who would still consider themselves ` irish catholic ' but do none of these things . 
  from wikipedia [ https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_republic_of_ireland]:  in 2011 , it was reported that weekly mass attendance in dublin was on average 18 % , with it being lower among younger generations and in some areas less than 2 % . 
  a 2012 survey of irish catholics undertaken by the association of catholic priests found the weekly mass attendance rate to be 35 % on an all-island basis , while daily mass attendance was reported at 3 % . 
  not accusing people of hypocrisy , there 's just a difference in ` being ' a member of a religious group and actively being a member . 
  he 's hilarious in a very bleak , ` life is meaningless ' sorta way . 
  honestly though , i do n't find trump half as insidious as the alt-right ( read : far-right ) , the neoreactionary movement , breitbart etc. 
  these groups attack middle ground views ( middle ground is always attacked ) as conquering the middle ground means removing the grey areas which creates a black and white / us and them / with us or against us world . 
  it 's so underhanded , much more worrying than trump , in my opinion anyway . 
  i think creed would be a better president than trump . 
  creed 2020 !, 
  also , i have a strong feeling you have a massive folder on your pc entitled ` shit donald trump has said and done ' , how close am i to the the truth ? 
  are these from ` think big ' or creed thoughts ? 
  gordon gecko ? 
  more like patrick bateman but without 1 . looks 2 . physical strength and 3 . suits that actually fit, 
  i do n't think we 'll ever know how trump sees himself , i 'm not sure i 'd want to . 
  have a look at the onion article on melania finding donald 's self portraits , it 's worth a read . 
  donald trump is basically what richie rich would have become if the film was realistic , and the family did n't practice out-breeding . 
  the entire trump family look and act that the spoiled rich family who are the villains in 1980 's under dog movies !, 
  like ` we need to win the big race or the trump family will close down the local school ' etc. 
  that 's funny , i spent a good bit of my childhood on the other side of lough swilly from buncrana , in portsalon . 
  to me donegal is quite a mild accent , but to others not so much . 
  i was once in a class room and we had to pinpoint accents , a donegal accent was played and a girl from down just said it was ' a farmer accent ' !, 
  according to some , all europe is a warzone . 
  also , the fact that the children were from brittany makes it more ridiculous . 
  yeah , i suppose adding emotion makes ` good news ' . 
  the bbc are meant to report impartially ( as they receive public money ) so i think it 's more important they try and deliver facts , rather than sentiments . 
  yeah , these events are emotive enough without reporters trying to add to it . 
  saying that , the bbc is n't as bad as a lot of the papers . 
  the children were from brittany , which is n't close to paris . 
  the children came to london for a school trip , not to ` escape the terror of their own capital ' . 
  schoolchildren injured in a terrorist attack does n't need to be dramatised , it 's already a terrible thing . 
  reporters ( bbc reporters especially ) should report the news , not try and add to emotion surrounding such events . 
  edit : removed a word . 
  it 's horrible to hear of young people caught up in attacks such as this . 
  however , i think the bbc made a little bit of a mistake when nick robinson said something like ` we can only imagine they came for the day out in london to escape the terror in their own capital ' . 
  i 'm not quite getting your point about latin in elementary schools . 
  i do n't know of any place where latin is spoken as a daily language , i do however know people who speak irish at home . 
  the italian language spoken today is a descendent from latin , they originate from the same culture - irish is a celtic language , english is a germanic language , they are not related . 
  it 's not just academics that speak irish though , there are regular folks who speak it . 
  those last lines sort of echo charles trevelyan who was in charge of relief for the irish famine :  the judgement of god sent the calamity to teach the irish a lesson , that calamity must not be too much mitigated . 
  classics were taught , and still are , from secondary to university in the west for a long time . 
  my mum works in a school that still teaches latin . 
  a good few universities in the uk still teach classics and plenty of scholars still work with latin , the most famous i can think of is dr mary beard . 
  mines the 29th , theresa may is trying to steal my fucking thunder !, 
  ha ha , derry definitely proves harder for non-northern irish . 
  any english people i encounter living here get used to the belfast accent , get used to more rural accents , but derry always proves that bit harder to get . 
  northern english is n't so bad to us northern irish . 
  but we share a good bit with the northern english and scots because of the plantation of ulster , we are an irish accent so we understand the south , and we hear southern english/american accents through the media . 
  so i guess we rarely encounter english accents that are difficult for us , probably just the other way about . 
  he was probably talking shite anyway so i doubt you missed out !, 
  what was it about northern irish that stumped you ? 
  i 'm curious , it 's always interesting to see how people perceive the accent . 
  it 's funny as there 's a big difference in accent between a culchie and a belfastian . 
  i know that 's how it works , but i really think it needs reforming . 
  i think a federal uk could work , four fms who are equals ? 
  saying that , ni always has a fm and a dfm , who have equal power . 
  westminster could use reforming , a form of pr rather than first past the post elections bringing in one party as a government for the entire uk which is outdated . 
  i think the fact that theresa may leads the uk without a mandate really is a pressing matter for uk democracy , especially after the fact that the question of how democratic the eu is was emphasised so much during the eu referendum . 
  i think you missed my point , maybe i 'm not expressing myself clearly . 
  the uk as it currently is , has more been formed by westminster concessions than four countries coming together for mutual benefit . 
  ni , scotland , wales and england could form a union as equals , what i 'm saying is that the uk could be improved upon for all involved . 
  however , whatever party is in government is unlikely to try and bring about great change ( such as greater democracy in the form of pr ) as it would likely weaken their hold over the uk . 
  not trying to say i have the answer , not saying english voters should be disenfranchised - just making the point that from an ni perspective ( and this may , or may not , be shared by the scottish ) the uk does n't work so much in our interest , it works in the interest of labour or tory party interests . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but does the eu not have a system whereby smaller states have a proportionally larger votes so that larger states do n't drown out their say ? 
  when i said english pm i was referring to the nationality of the pm , i know the pm represents the whole uk . 
  yeah , forgot the welsh had an assembly , guess they must be a little more quiet than the scottish and ni assemblies . 
  yes , based on population ni has little voice in the uk parliament , that was my point - how are we to be equals when english voters have a greater voice on matters that affect us all . 
  a land border between eu/uk will only be felt in the uk by people in ni , an issue unimportant to english , scottish and welsh voters , but of huge importance for the northern irish . 
  from an ni view it just appears as if our fm and dfm are subordinates to the english pm . 
  not to mention that ni has a secretary of state and the multiple times we 've had direct rule . 
  if england and wales both had devolved assemblies and the uk parliament was made up of equal numbers of english , scottish , welsh and ni mps it would probably feel like an equal system . 
  english voters elect 533 mps , scottish voters elect 59 , ni voters 18 . 
  on decisions that affect the entire uk , the english voters clearly wield a far greater influence . 
  ni is still part of the uk , as we have separate political parties our influence in westminster is very small so who we vote for has very little influence on who becomes pm , but the pm still makes decisions that affect us . 
  i ca n't speak for a scottish person but i guess they see the policies that brussels and the wider eu enacts are more in keeping with most scottish peoples political stance than westminster , i 'm sure a large part of it is a just a reaction against brexit and ukip and the tories . 
  as an ni voter , the border , the work the eu did for reconciliation/peace , and feeling that the eu will treat us better than westminster are a few different reasons why people in ni voted against brexit . 
  a scottish pm does n't exactly mean that england and scotland are equals within the uk . 
  scotland has devolved powers but westminster has the final say , i would n't say that 's a relationship of equals . 
  being from ni , i understand why the eu is more appealing than the uk - i would n't say this is anti-englishness . 
  scotland voted to remain in the eu , ni voted to remain in the eu , neither countries will get a vote on the final brexit bill - can you not understand why people from ni and scotland feel like the uk is n't working for their best interests and that a different relationship than the current one might be more beneficial ? 
  i did n't mention the eu . 
  i 'm talking about the uk being fundamentally uneven . 
  edit : spelling .
