  leaving the uk and forming a relationship as equals is best for scotland . 
  ireland left the united kingdom of great britain and ireland , and then left the commonwealth if i remember correctly , they cut the ties which allowed them to form a relationship as equals . 
  the last referendum voted no because westminster promised a few more powers to be devolved , it 's better to break off the relationship and start on a fair footing than for scotland to take small concessions but be part of system which is fundamentally uneven . 
  aye , i know dup and tuv would definitely go for the petition of concern , meaning only one uup would be needed - i 'm pretty sure the uup allows their mlas to make up their own minds on these matters so it is likely several would use the petition , however , since the uup has tried to strike a new tone there is a slight possibility they would n't . 
  saying this is kinda hypothetical at the moment though , given that no executive has been formed ... 
  given the election results , it may soon be , hopefully . 
  one example would be that chaim herzog , president of israel , was born in belfast . 
  more probably emigration to israel . 
  my knowledge on classical history is rusty so i ca n't make specific comment on gauls etc. 
  did the roman empire not use a ton of slaves who were brought into the empire through conquest ? 
  were they not rather ruthless when peoples revolted against them ( against judea and egypt etc. ) ? 
  and would there not be some ` wiggle-room ' with truth given that the romans were a good deal more literate than their opponents , so are the accounts of their deeds not written mainly by themselves ? 
  maybe i 'm just being trivial . 
  i think whether an empire was ` good ' or ` bad ' is n't simply an academic question as it has real world repercussions . 
  saying an empire is ` good ' is problematic - it whitewashes its history , so that people look back at ` the good old days ' and forget that those days gone by were only good for certain people . 
  it hard to speak in these abstract terms with making reference to a specific nation/empire . 
  the whole ` good old days ' narrative is used mainly by the right , a vision mainly supported by those who benefited from old systems , in contrast to the left which promises progress because ` we have a long way to go ' and this appeals to people who are/have been oppressed . 
  it is the left that often points out the flaws in the rights ` good old days ' narrative , to which the right hurls abuse at the left as unpatriotic . 
  i think patriotism and pride in ones country is similarly used as a tool for social control . 
  i think this is why the question of whether an empire is ` good ' or ` bad ' is conscientious . 
  edit : this is kind of long but i hope it made sense , please let me know if i 'm unclear or saying something wildly reductive . 
  because the empire benefited britain by removing commodities and valuable resources from the colonies ... 
  some people are saying that all empires did bad things so the british ca n't be singled out . 
  i think the real point is that empires are bad things : if you use war to conquer a land and subjugate a people you 're hardly going to be a force of good in the world , except for the people of your own country who will benefit . 
  yes , thankfully neo-nazi terrorist attacks are few and far between . 
  not all muslims believe in a radical political agenda , what defines a neo-nazi is their belief in a radical political agenda . 
  coming from northern ireland , i think it 's important people make a distinction between a religion and a political belief . 
  i understand many people are afraid of attacks from radical islamic groups , attacks such as those that took place in france are horrible , nobody in their right mind supports these attacks . 
  but condemning these attacks does not equate to condoning the far-right . 
  that 's what i 'm saying , we should n't tolerate any extremists . 
  i made that specific point because on reddit i 've seen a ton of extreme right wing viewpoints but none advocating radical islamist views . 
  that 's why i made a point about the far right . 
  and any person on the far-right who claims that someone advocating a peaceful , middle-ground or liberal viewpoint is an is-apologist is just wrong . 
  i never said that an atrocity committed by a neo-nazi was worse than an atrocity by a radical muslim terrorist . 
  i 'm just saying do n't buy into far-right rhetoric . 
  as far as i know , no countries in europe have/or actively use the death penalty , nor do they have laws that persecute the irreligious . 
  i do n't imagine that any refugees who come from countries where this is acceptable practice will have enough power/influence in the european countries they are received into , to be able to pass legislation through the european parliaments criminalising atheism , or bringing back the death penalty . 
  many parts of europe are irreligious , a muslim minority will not somehow implement laws in keeping with middle eastern society that go against the more liberal european majority 's of those countries . 
  i do n't know of any islamist politicians , but there are plenty of politicians who would oppose such radical legislation - any political party that would argue that people of different religions/no religion should receive capital punishment would be a hate group , and it 's unlikely such a group would ever get a majority or be invited into a ruling coalition . 
  edit : finished my last sentence . 
  that 's some ` logical gymnastics ' to blame it on muslims , but i would n't but it past the far-right . 
  yes , that 's why i said scandinavia . 
  if you hear someone say sweden is in grave danger from refugees and muslims , do n't let them gloss over the fact that the worst terrorist atrocity perpetrated in/against scandinavia was by anders breivik : white , native , and not a muslim , he was a neo-nazi ( radicalised on the internet , if i remember correctly ) . 
  `` good luck , great britain '' made it for me !, 
  pork is more popular than any other meat in ireland - bacon 's a serious thing here . 
  the ` new and improved ' one thoroughly triggered me . 
  i guess this is what i get for calling finland ` sweden ' that one time ... 
  i wonder is it just ironic or did they choose to get forces from one of the few noncombatants in wwii to act in a wwii film ... 
  the irish armed forces ( also neutral * ) played the extras in the battle scenes of braveheart . 
  * largely neutral, 
  i wonder how many of the uk immigrants to the republic of ireland are from ni and how many are from gb ? 
   it 's as if a sci-fi movie set artist decided to build a massive church . 
  now i 'd like to see a h r giger church . 
  we could blame the ikea-industrial complex !, 
  shit , sorry finland , brain fart . 
  i was too hung up on whether or not to ignore andorra and the channel islands ( which also do n't have gay marriage ) . 
  you 're part of the ` great triangle of gay marriage ' too . 
  congrats germany , now there 's a big triangle of gay marriage stretching from portugal to ~ ~ sweden ~ ~ finland to iceland ... except for northern ireland , however we may get it soon too ... 
  the only good date for northern ireland that comes to mind is 1998/1999 for the good friday agreement . 
  ha ha , in that case you 're far more informed than you think !, 
  i was just curious as most of us would think of northern ireland as a bit obscure and out of the way , so would n't really expect other countries to know our parties . 
  but then i suppose the troubles is well enough known . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  he got it spot on . 
  i 've heard people do ` stereotypical , over-the-top , hollywood irish accent ' when imitating someone from belfast , painfully uninformed . 
  i may as well as you as anyone , you 're flag is german and i 've seen quite a few europeans not from ireland or gb talking about ni and the dup in quite an informed way . 
  did you know of the dup before their deal with may ? 
  if you did know of them before , how ? 
  sadly due to devolved power the dup have had quite a bit of influence in ni 's own government stormont , only now is the rest of the uk getting to feel their anti-gay , anti-catholic , anti-muslim , anti-science , anti-irish influence . 
   and how is this better than tories reigning alone in westminster ? 
  a tory-dup coalition is weaker than if it were just tories . 
  the dup stain the image of tory 's as being a modern , inclusive party which david cameron promoted . 
  although both of them are conservative and unionist , there are some difference between the parties - the dup will not soften any of their stances but the tories need them for a majority , the tories will look weak if they are having to ` bend over ' for such a small party . 
  in a way , labour did ` win ' the election . 
  theresa may called the election expecting to gain loads of seats , she lost 13 seats , enough that she no longer has a majority . 
  labour were expected to lose seats to the tories ( that 's why may called the election ) but instead gained 32 from both the conservatives and the snp - outperforming expectations . 
  by calling this election , may is now going into brexit talks weaker than she was before , relying on a small right wing party for a majority , with a far stronger opposition . 
  in short , she shot herself in the foot . 
  edit : also , labour won canterbury which has been tory for nearly 100 years , and kensington , which is the richest constituency in the uk , both big propaganda victories . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jlbmimbkza4 edit : also this https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxpyw_w5pgo, 
  ` save ulster from sodomy ' was a campaign by the dup leader in the late 70 's and early 80 's . 
  the european court of human rights ruled in favour of decriminalisation . 
  the party opposed the introduction of civil partnerships but that was passed in the uk parliament . 
  they oppose gay marriage , and state that this is not homophobic as they ` accept ' ( not support but ` accept ' ) civil partnerships . 
  the political situation if different now , so gay marriage has to be passed by the devolved northern ireland assembly - dup have vetoed it repeatedly using a thing called the ` petition of concern ' which was put in place to protect minorities not hinder them . 
  dup lost their majority in the last assembly election , and thus the petition of concern , so if another gay marriage bill is brought up then they ca n't veto it but dup would n't reform our government and have said gay marriage is a ` red line ' . 
  sorry for the massively long post . 
  they 're not longer for criminalisation but a senior member of the party ( son of the man who started ` save ulster from sodomy ' ) : `` i think these sorts of relationships are immoral , offensive and obnoxious '' and `` i am pretty repulsed [ sic ] by gay and lesbianism . 
  i think it is wrong . 
  i think that those people harm themselves and -- without caring about it -- harm society . 
  that does n't mean to say that i hate them -- i mean , i hate what they do . '', 
  guy was the definition of bigot , i accept he later supported the peace process but as a rabble rouser he really stoked the violence of the troubles . 
  i forgot tons of stuff i 'm sure , they have a long history of being general twats . 
  i voted in an attempt to oust my constituencies dup mp . 
  the last thing i want is dup in westminster . 
  however , there 's a bitter sweetness in knowing your vote actually meant something compared to the usual where ni has no influence . 
  edit : dup greatest hits : - ian paisley denounces the pope as the antichrist in the european parliament . 
  - ` save ulster from sodomy ' ( campaign against decriminalisation of same sex sexual contact ) - curry my yogurt ( insulted irish language ) - iris robinson ( super-biblical anti-gay wife of fm was having an affair ) - cash for ash scandal ( fm 's green energy scheme paid people for burning fuel with no cap on pay ) - arlene foster 's misogyny ( fm was asked to resign over cash for ash scandal which she said was misogynistic ) - arlene foster blonde ( same woman referred to dfm as ` blonde ' which people saw as meaning ` superficial/stupid ' ) - peter robinson muslim shopping ( fm defended islamophobic pastor , and said he would trust a muslim ... to go to the shop ) etc. 
  i hate to disappoint but i 've never watched magnum p.i. 
  republic 's head of state is michael d. higgins , northern ireland 's head of state , as part of the uk , is elizabeth ii .
