but ~ ~ adolf ~ ~ janez knows what 's best for all of us . 
  thank you for explaining . 
  that sounds familiar . 
  especially older generations , like you said , are still remembering '' better old times '' and are actually breaking the development of eastern european countries . 
  it will take time to filter those people out of politics , so that young perspective leaders will lead us out of this shithole . 
  but is really a shame that there are still people like that in estonia . 
  i viewed your country as one of the most developed country in your region and thought that all people there are more open and are willing to make progress . 
  but after reading this , i 'm affraid for you guys . 
  living in 19th century was not fun at all . 
  but if they could , would this apply to the whole eu , or just the specific union state ? 
  because we do n't need to spend money on other , more important things anyway . 
  and our pay-checks are not taxed enough already . 
  eu should kick in and say fuck you guys , you have to pass this law or else you will be paying for human right violation , or something . 
  just . 
  end . 
  this . 
  already ... 
  it will be passed eventually , why not pass it next year . 
  what is going on there ? 
  can you please explain . 
  one day we will have referendum on burning witches again . 
  but hey , if we get whole country in the middle ages again , we will become biggest theme park in the world ( :, 
  but look at this in this way . 
  younger generations ( who are usually more pro-gay ) have more knowledge in computer and internet stuff , so we know how to double check facts and make our own minds . 
  but this time they ( anti-gay ) were '' brainwashing '' older people , who are not that skilled with tech and are more easily manipulated . 
  if foreigners saw what we were seeing/listening in referendum campaign , we would also look like biggest clowns in europe , if not on the whole planet . 
  about scottish independence ? 
  and now it was much simpler than the last time . 
  it was all about changing a few word in our law . 
  the whole thing was a lot simpler than before . 
  but i may be wrong , because i was not able to vote on the previous referendum and i did n't really pay much attention to it . 
  i will be relaxing my eyes this week on view of our landscape , while i 'll be ranting about the result . 
  so i got that going for me , which is nice . 
  but the campaign against the law , tho . 
  they were really trying hard this time and were making all kind of stuff up . 
  the saddest part is that many ( mostly ignorant ) people fell for it . 
  as slovenian , i 'm very disappointed at the result . 
  we had this unique chance to show the world and europe that we are going forward with times , but we blew it . 
  we are still stuck in 20th century and with that mentality we are going to stay there for a long time . 
  it 's a sad day for human rights and equality here . 
  can someone eli5 what they are doing and what their purpose is ? 
  this reminds me of a cider i bought recently . 
  it said that it 's premium nordic cider but when i came home i noticed that it 's actually produced in estonia . 
  i felt cheated . 
  thanks eesti !, 
  did they have green umweltzone sticker ? 
  if they did this is fine . 
  nothing to see here , move along . 
  you are now on the list . 
  expect merkel personally at your door with strongly worded letter about terrorism . 
  they need some drama i guess  . 
  and `` fake news '' sells very well these days . 
  of course they talked to their judges . 
  this is how politics works . 
  slovenia just did n't cought them . 
  maybe they know how to use encrypted and secure phone lines , unlike some other people . 
  no , those accusations are false , there was no bribing involved . 
  i 'm slovene , i 'm not pissed . 
  just happy it 's over on our side . 
  you loose some you get some . 
  no one won and no one lost today . 
  `` corrupted the court by paying the/some judges '' no one offered any money to judges . 
  slovene representatives had supposed contact with tribunal court judges and tried to influence them , which is not allowed . 
  no money involved . 
  i know they posted them , but this is direct copy/paste from wikipedia and i did n't fix anything in text . 
  `` chocolate incident '' . 
  so european :d, 
  i did n't know this , thanks , til . 
  and i thought it was a typo  . <, 
  oh , that escalated quickly :(, 
  18842 do they have lasers in that one ? 
  i 'm not judging any of the parties involved ( but yeah it was stupid they wanted to influence judges ) , but this was never a bullet-proof solution . 
  slovenia could also whenever pull out of the agreement if they wanted to , just like croatia did . 
  can we keep vespas in trieste , when italians notice and voluntarily relocate ? 
  slovenia blocked croatia entering eu due to border disagreements , so they made a deal that court in haag will decide the border . 
  this was enough for slovenian government to let croatia continue negotiations to enter eu . 
  but it was nothing more then a pinky promise , as it is now obvious . 
  well if serbia wants in the eu they will have to solve border dispute with croatia and i think croatia will want to have problem solved before serbia enters , because of all of this now . 
  what could prevent serbia to just walk away from agreement once they are in eu ? 
  no one is suing no one , yet . 
  tl ; dr on why croatians want to withdraw from court rulling from wikipedia : on 22 july 2015 major international scandal occurred during arbitration procedure , when the croatian daily newspaper ve\u010dernji list claimed to be in possession of transcripts and audio recordings showing that a slovenian judge on the arbitration panel , jernej sekolec , had been in collusion with a representative from the slovenian government . 
  sekolec , a member of the arbitration panel , allegedly put pressure on other arbitration panel members , gilbert guillaume ( france ) , bruno simma ( germany ) and vaughan lowe ( uk ) , to rule in slovenia 's favor , and helped slovenia by revealing secret communications , which was strictly forbidden by arbitration rules . 
  they would n't be able to burn it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxkv07ghkiw eu regulations , bitches . 
  this will also have big effect on serbia , montenegro and bih , which are all expecting how this will turn out , because croatia has border disputes with all of them and this will be a turning point for them also . 
  eu will write a very strongly worded letter !, 
  that will show us . 
  trieste is next !, 
  it 's weird to see names of places translated literally in foreign language . 
  it 's natural in slovene , but weird in other language . 
  great , everybody is going coal free , and we are here , with brand new , overpaid coal power plant , which burns lignite from mine , which will keep digging coal until 2054 , instead of only until 2025 . 
  we brought coal back before it was cool . 
  if i were a country , some of these questions would really start an existential crisis . 
  questioning my countrynes . 
  what could be worse ? 
  that article is from 2015 , but our phones came with warning as far as 2009 , this is the oldest phone manual i have , galaxy spica , came out in 2009 : http://i.imgur.com/jg1iood.jpg?1 even official english manual came with the warning . 
  maybe there is some law that is still in force from the old days but it 's not enforced because everyone has wifi device nowdays ? 
  nothing lost in translation . 
  here is user manual for galaxy spica from back in 2009 : http://i.imgur.com/jg1iood.jpg?1, 
  next website added to uk internet filter : youtube . 
  think of the children \u2122 .
