  states offer tax breaks to attract businesses . 
  tax competition between states is extremely common . 
  it actually goes all the way down to county and city levels too . 
  state law differences are how we remain competitive despite being in a federal country . 
   but i think ireland amounts to more than this . 
  i do too , but it does n't matter what we think . 
  it matters what apple inc thinks . 
  in principle , this is a great idea . 
  i just think it would cause another fire in ireland that , like greece , the eu would spends years/decades putting out at great expense . 
  ireland is n't even well located geographically for their data centers , being far away from the geographic center of europe . 
  they only get them as kickbacks from big tech companies . 
  remove the incentives and ireland is a bankrupt shell with population decline . 
  then would n't you have to compensate with increased eu funds ? 
  since member states who adopt the euro do n't have monetary options of devaluing their currency to compete , their only lifelines are lowering tax rates or receiving increased eu funds ( the way our poor states are compensated because they suffer from an overvalued dollar by states with big export industries ) . 
  which will it be ? 
  how does ireland compete as a nation without low taxes ? 
  it 's the only realistic thing they can offer to make them competitive with the rest of the eu . 
  make their taxation levels the same as sweden or germany , and their corporations will leave for sweden and germany . 
  without low taxes they 'd be in a similar situation to greece . 
  was it moderate and respectful to leak details in the media meant to portray may as incompetent ? 
  varoufakis is right . 
  this is a waste of time . 
  the only thing that can change the equation are large corporations whose bottom line will be hurt . 
  if they pressure may and the eu , then you 'll see actual negotiations . 
  uk , ireland , belgium and surrounding countries will be thrown into a recession over this bs , which helps nobody . 
  can someone explain why the future eu budget ca n't just be amended to exclude the uk ? 
  the biggest hurts would be to ireland and belgium . 
  much is made of ireland , but flanders also has a crucial trade relationship with the uk . 
  both are among the very most dependent countries on earth for exports as a proportion of their overall economies . 
  never been to hungary . 
  is it really a dictatorship comparable to russia ? 
  strange how australia found a way . 
  very simple . 
  step 1 - pick a winner in the libyan civil war . 
  does n't matter who . 
  step 2 - give this faction arms and money conditional on a ) stopping smuggling at the point of departure and b ) allowing the eu to set up a refugee camp in their domain , similar to australia step 3 - let said dictator know that if he does n't abide by the rules , the money and guns goes to the next guy and he ends up dead . 
  game over for mediterranean refugees forever . 
  he did n't bet against a currency , he crashed a currency . 
  there 's a difference . 
  one is investing , the other is artificial manipulation intended to break a central bank by essentially draining them of foreign reserves , setting off a planned panic and economic meltdown . 
  enforce borders and it wo n't look like an international conspiracy . 
  when such decisive action is taken on guns , but voters watch year after year as nothing is done on immigration , you ca n't blame them for wondering if their leaders really are engaged in a conspiracy . 
  it 's going beyond simple stupidity when migrants are being ferried from the libyan coast to italy and the political heavyweights do nothing . 
  especially when australia has given a blueprint for a solution , which is neither explored nor pursued by the powers that be . 
  then it begins to look deliberate . 
  orban and the other right-wing populists will threaten the eu until the incompetence/indifference ( or conspiracy , if you view it that way ) stops . 
  if you 're convinced , how much tesla stock have you shorted ? 
   honestly what is the value proposition of tesla ? 
  the proposition that batteries can get more and more efficient while combustion engines ca n't . 
  fossil fuel technologies are near their end-stage . 
  they make nice looking cars too . 
  ultimately the car business is product differentiation . 
  every automobile can get the driver from point a to point b. 
  if you can convince people to buy your car , you win . 
  tesla 's the sexy new product , ford/gm/toyota / vw are old news . 
   will tesla one day be a massive manufacturer - maybe but they are not worth their money right now . 
  the premium you pay for tesla stock is the `` maybe '' . 
   while on the other hand musk 's companies are not making net profit in any of their transactions . 
  they do n't need to . 
  the cost of their battery , unlike combustion engines , is falling rapidly . 
  that 's why so many are invested in tesla . 
  investors do n't just invest based on today . 
  they invest looking ahead by years or even decades . 
   bmw should buy tesla , fire the shithead and then hire grohmann again . 
  that would be glorious . 
  ca n't happen . 
  market cap : [ bmw - 56.84 bn ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?q=etr:bmw ) [ tesla - 52.48 bn ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?q=nasdaq%3atsla&amp;ei=0sefwzgmfoecjagwt6sobg ) their valuations are nearly equal , it 's not plausible . 
  that 's how our system works , germanbro . 
  99 % of silicon valley was started by unprofitable companies that needed startup cash to limp along for years . 
  amazon ( not silicon valley ) did n't generate a real profit for something like 15 years , focusing instead on market share , and now it 's putting most retailers out of business and becoming the most valuable company in the world . 
  our talent goes into finance , not science . 
  as much as they are hated , seeing the future is why our investment bankers and venture capitalists are the best . 
  tesla is no different . 
  they put out a superior product that can outcompete the rest of the market once battery technology improves and there are more charging stations . 
  we 'll keep funding it until it does . 
  his cars are sexier and more exciting than his competitors , we just have to stick with him until the company realizes its true potential . 
  edit - downvoters , tell me why i 'm wrong, 
  true , but if hungary does n't support poland , then it would be suicidal , as the eu would come after hungary next . 
  it 's not very smart to target two countries at once . 
  pretty much forces an alliance . 
  so what happens when poland and hungary simply support one another ? 
  i 've read up on article 7 . 
  basically it takes a unanimous vote of all eu members , excluding the country accused , and then require a 2/3 vote in parliament . 
  hungary could simply veto , with the understanding that poland will veto any action against them . 
  hell , britain could just veto for the lulz . 
  yeah , do n't expect our government to do anything . 
  trump congratulated erdogan on his referendum win so yeah , good luck . 
  a nice sentiment , but your enemy does n't care if you hate them or not . 
  they will continue attacking you because they believe it 's god 's will , part of a coming apocalypse , and they will continue creating failed states so that there 's an inexhaustible flow of people to hide among . 
  the whole `` they win if we hate them '' is a philosophy created by western intellectuals that they do not share . 
  [ what isis really wants - the atlantic ] ( https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ ), 
  it 's not a no-go zone . 
  just a place that nobody who values their life would dare go . 
  see : chicago , baltimore , etc. 
  macedonia winning in its region again . 
  alexander would be proud . 
  i find it quite astonishing how the eu picks their battles . 
  with all the issues occurring that are poisoning opinions against the eu , potentially fatally , this is the issue they spend political capital on ? 
  where is this decisive action when it comes to issues like immigration and economic disparity ? 
  if i commanded investment bankers , believe me , i would n't be posting here .
