  maybe cuz mongols . 
  feel bad for greece . 
  they have a currency that hinders their own economic growth . 
  they 've got a refugee problem that was/is basically overlooked . 
  and now a non-eu power is invading their territorial waters and again nobody cares . 
  makes me want to play broken down byzantine empire in ck2 and conquer anatolia/europe . 
  yeah but i said first generation . 
  i love the downvotes . 
  especially considering how many of our population are first generation immigrants from poor countries . 
  * happy dance while not caring *, 
  i think that 's a bit of a false narrative . 
  i can recall in the middle of the campaign one interviewer shocked when a man voting brexit acknowledged it would hurt the economy , but that he did n't care because he did n't think he 'd benefited much from a good economy . 
  it 's a bit disingenuous to think that brexit voters all thought that their country would be transformed into a land of milk and honey by virtue of leaving the eu . 
  especially when the predicted post-vote capital flight doomsday never happened . 
  wow , people really do n't understand how the f35 works . 
  it uses a human to paint targets so that our subs/destroyers can launch clouds of missiles that branch off and destroy them , multiplying the destructive power of each plane immensely . 
  its true weapon is stealth , not onboard destructive capabilities . 
  launch a drone and an f35 can take out the communications system that links the drone to the operator . 
  a country relying on drones would ironically be completely at the mercy of the f35 , whereas the f35 can still be operated by a pilot directly . 
  the f35 is not obsolete , it 's just so complicated that is has many issues to work out . 
  these usually just devolve into leftist mouthpieces , or merely puppets spouting official government positions . 
  every us public broadcaster is also this way . 
  since funding comes from the government , they cater to the government . 
  besides , tv is going the way of the dinosaur . 
  the new generation want on-demand news catered to their interests , not sitting through a 1-hour broadcast waiting to hear a few stories they consider interesting . 
   you are the insane one if you think crime in france will even approach mexican levels . 
  oh man , wait until the climate refugees arrive . 
  wait until there is a civil war in a country much larger than syria , like pakistan or nigeria . 
  then your theory will be tested . 
  what has happened so far is small fry compared to what 's coming . 
  the irish had political goals which were feasible and ultimately ended . 
  unless you plan on submitting to allah , there is no other potential resolution . 
  newly anointed leader of the free world bans poetry insulting foreign strongman leader pick one, 
  britain is playing a dangerous game with their strongest ally . 
  i hate it because i like britain and british people . 
  they 're tempting our erratic president to do something stupid like he did with australia . 
  no matter what politicians sit in whatever offices , the special relationship must endure for the good of everyone . 
  that relationship has been more important to our nations than any single person . 
  let 's just chill with the escalation and enjoy prince harry and meghan markle or some shit . 
  get the focus off trump plz . 
  hope i do n't get banned for saying this , but scandinavians will definitely find out the truth of it some decade . 
  we do n't fail to implement a welfare state because we 're heartless beasts . 
  we have this system because a welfare state only works when few people are claiming benefits . 
  when the ratio of benefit recipients increase dramatically compared to the ~ ~ high ~ ~ wage earners , then scandinavian folks will discover that their welfare systems are n't affordable . 
  not meant as a dig or a taunt . 
  unfortunately it 's a certainty in the future . 
  they could try . 
  but if they failed , ie if the military backed trump , they would be surrounded by tanks and everyone in the building sentenced to death . 
  they 're only powerful in a clandestine sense , they do n't have significant numbers of troops to defend themselves . 
  there is no unified government of libya . 
  just do as you please with the smuggling boats , they ca n't stop you . 
  this is possibly the only way le pen has a conceivable chance of winning . 
  a wounded candidate limps into the runoff with her and loses . 
  why would i be confused ? 
  i know he 's pro big business , hence the envy . 
  a government ignoring big business interests to do what the people want . 
  i 'm envious . 
  then your economy stagnates as everything is 20 % more expensive in france , causing people with money and businesses to move elsewhere . 
  trump targeted specific countries , you 're targeting specific products . 
  actually that tax would target everything , as eventually robots will probably manufacture most manufactured goods . 
  if you tax robots , the country that does n't tax robots will manufacture everything and export to you , driving your own robotics-dependent industries out of business . 
  the efficiency of robotics would be lost if you made them competitive with human labor . 
  it would be like if we had taxed railroads to make horse-drawn coaches competitive , all so that coach drivers could keep their jobs . 
  taxing the economic gains from those robots makes far more sense . 
  i think ireland appeals . 
  they do n't want the money so as to preserve their profits haven status . 
  guess the courts will decide it , not sure how long that will take . 
  where is the breakdown of liabilities justifying this ? 
  does anyone have an itemized list showing why it 's so high ? 
  where does iohannis stand on this ? 
  he has always been mentioned as a reformer . 
  agreed . 
  treat them like philosophies which are open for criticism , not sacred cows . 
  to have a successful startup market , you need venture capital firms . 
  silicon valley has trillions of dollars in potential investment available 24/7 . 
  any idea can immediately be funded by as much seed money as required to attain market dominance . 
  they usually fund the geniuses next door at stanford and cal . 
  then those smart kids set up shop nearby and build those brands into globally dominant corporations . 
  everything , from beginning to end , is within the metro area of one city . 
  europe needs something similar . 
  silicon valley did n't happen by accident . 
  it really is . 
  i 'm asking what gives people the impression that the uk is n't leaving ? 
  simply listing groups who lost the referendum vote is n't an answer . 
  ... has what to do with my question ? 
  brits voted and defeated their position . 
  we had to institute the senate for this reason . 
  smaller states would never join our union if they feel they would be outvoted by large states . 
  california has 2 senators despite 39,000 k voters , while nd has the same number of senators and only 500k people . 
  it is the only way to form a federal union . 
  lower population states would n't have joined , and then we 'd just be 50 squabbling states fighting each other . 
  they did n't , but does anyone still cling to the idea that they can remain ? 
  the waters are too poisoned , and the british people seem set on this course . 
  what gives the impression that triggering article 50 wo n't happen ? 
  the writer advocates diplomatic suicide for britain as a way forward . 
  once britain split from the eu and the illusion of amicable divorce faded , there was only one path forward for the uk . 
  easy to advocate the stupid , ideological course when he wo n't be blamed when it predictably ends in disaster . 
  then again , this author thought the uk could remain in the eu one week after the brexit vote . 
  ( google it , it wo n't let me link ) . 
  he 's delusional .
