  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_conquest_of_sicily https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/umayyad_conquest_of_hispania and not just us . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_conquests_of_the_indian_subcontinent when they had the advantage , they pressed it in war , just as we did . 
  it 's just that the british had the best navy on earth , so they were more successful . 
  there were over 28,000 deaths from terror attacks in 2015 , virtually all islamic . 
  168 timothy mcveighs would be needed to equal the death toll that this global murder system inflicts in one year . 
  that was n't my point . 
  i was saying that if our positions were reversed technologically , we 'd be conquered and converted . 
  so comparing attacks intended to kill civilians is n't the same as an accident . 
  we have the power to do to them the horrific things they fantasize about doing to us . 
  we do n't do it because we have morals . 
  equating our military with isis is stupid . 
   no one ever conquered anything through terrorist attacks . 
  they can ethnically cleanse you . 
  make an area so dangerous that no westerner would want to live there . 
  once you 're gone or in the minority , then the remaining population is fucked . 
  that 's why the me was majority christian 1300 years ago and now scarcely any remain . 
  they 've been cleansed . 
  same in anatolia , pakistan , and in areas of the balkans . 
  exactly . 
  we could surrender in this war , it would just involve conversion . 
  many of the christians were slaughtered and given no opportunity to pay jizya . 
  we are n't targeting innocent people . 
  if we wanted their destruction as they desire for us , we could turn the entire middle east to 10k degrees with nukes and revel in their total annihilation . 
  that 's what they 'd do to us if they had the technology, 
  not really . 
  they 're trying to kill you and conquer your lands . 
  they 'll kill us until we 're tired of dying . 
  ` buying overseas comes directly off the bottom line of gdp . 
  sure , our purchasing power is impaired , but it hardly matters if nobody has a job to make money in order to spend . 
  it 's why you 've heard the term `` competitive devaluation '' , yet nobody speaks of competitive appreciation . 
  hell , it 's why other eu countries complain about germany . 
  they are n't angry at any country with an expensive currency . 
  why ? 
  expensive currencies dampen exports and make imports more attractive . 
  if i got the second , i 'd move to a different address before authorities could enforce the first . 
  ca n't deport those whom you ca n't find . 
  good . 
  our currency has become far too expensive . 
  war-torn bangladesh , huh ? 
  i get that eu citizens are mad at uk , and i do n't blame them . 
  why shit on iceland ? 
  they have a well-run government and a solid tourism industry . 
  they perform well above what one would expect from an isolated island in the frigid north atlantic . 
  beautiful country and beautiful people . 
  pointless hostility . 
  trumpian even . 
  i eat gluten free due to celiac . 
  there 's no relation between starvation and gluten free diets . 
  any dairy , vegetable , rice , fruit , sugar , etc products are fine . 
  breast milk is gluten free . 
  99 % of restrictions in our diets come from wheat . 
  the baby did n't have to die . 
  parents were just fuckwits . 
  associating this baby 's death with gluten free diets is 100 % irresponsible . 
  some people need them to live , and demonizing them is dangerous . 
  fuck you , independent . 
  well yeah , but that does n't make sense in context . 
  i assumed he 's talking about people beyond embassy guards . 
  guys in suits representing governments are far easier to deal with than islamist militias . 
  too bad we 're crippled by trump atm . 
  after . 
  we cleaned up our mess when bin laden became fish food . 
  same fate al baghdadi will shortly experience . 
  link ? 
  meh , they said the same of al qaeda and we hunted them into virtual extinction . 
  we have more bullets and bombs than they have people . 
  ca n't wait for non-lethal technology and robotic ground units . 
  we 're on the brink of ending their `` hide behind civilians '' advantage . 
  it 's breaking news here every time trump breaks wind but nobody will say anything about foreign thugs beating up our protesters . 
  next time , come armed and stand your ground . 
  plz stay and keep the euro competitive . 
  here some old bread and corn syrup beverage . 
   more than 25 % of our workforce is still involved in agriculture . 
  you can still make money on agriculture . 
  higher margins are available in organic and gluten free categories . 
  you could also give massive tax rebates to attract new methods , like beef culturing which can ultimately be sold as an environmentally conscious option , as well as for animal rights angle . 
  it takes education and investment , though . 
  generous welfare states only work when few take advantage of it . 
  this mass migration will ultimately cause cuts to these institutions , because these countries would n't dare be racist and demand they return after the conflict . 
  they made their bed , now they want to penalize the rest of the member states for not lying in it . 
  member states would n't be forced to take immigrants , they said . 
  immigration policies would remain with member states , they said . 
  the agenda is so thick you could cut it with a knife . 
  just form an alliance of sane countries to veto this insanity . 
  you ca n't front run as the most moral nations with `` refugees welcome '' messages and then socialize the cost in blood and treasure when it backfires . 
  ee does n't want their citizens to die with their bodies cut in half by trucks . 
  you need the reserves , though . 
  does scotland have the economy to accumulate enough to not be vulnerable ? 
  makes more sense to let it float . 
  you ca n't peg . 
  some shitehawk like soros would fuck you to kingdom come . 
  i suppose we could have kept murdering illegals here to keep the massacres and amputations in-house ... ca n't fathom why we 're at fault for deporting murderous gang members back to their own country , who then continued to murder . 
  they just replace hungarian nationalism with something like turkish/moroccan nationalism in europe . 
   it 's clearly a flaw in schengen where it says that immigration is harmonised while border control is left to the states . 
  yes . 
  it makes the eu appear as the facilitator while having no power to control it . 
  a position of institutionalized political impotence . 
  the murder rates in central america are the highest in the world . 
  higher than warzones in countries like honduras . 
  the ms13 hacks off limbs with machetes and murders children .
