  more violence obviously . 
  that 's sort of how it works . 
  when someone is trying to kill you , you kill them until they either relent or are annihilated . 
  what do you think would have become of belgium if the allies were n't willing to use extreme violence in ww2 ? 
  as expected . 
  there is nothing in the fundamentals of economics that supports the idea of economic decline due to a brexit itself . 
  the so-called experts mostly embarrassed themselves trying to scare voters into voting remain . 
  without the help of france and spain , we might have had to keep our british accents . 
  we were indebted , really . 
  i do n't want to end up like the egyptian people . 
  they have no guns and therefore had to beg the military to save them from dictatorship . 
  we do n't beg , we shoot . 
  i feel just the opposite . 
  polish girl names are pretty . 
  yeah , they locked the borders too late . 
  enough got through to cause mass sexual assaults on new years . 
  yeah , and it turned out to be a really good policy . 
  can someone give a rundown of why the country is so well-run fiscally ? 
  seems like a country that knows what it 's doing . 
  invest in attractive city centers in eastern europe . 
  governments come and go , but these problems ca n't really be fixed after the fact . 
  easiest investment of all-time is places like prague and budapest , if you 're looking for long-term gain . 
  reminds me of the halcyon days leading up to ww1 . 
  nobody saw it coming until it was too late . 
  these western capitals of civilization will all be no-go zones at some point . 
  people have to go somewhere . 
  look out for yourselves because the future is bleak i 'm afraid . 
  modern leftism is n't about class struggle or being pro-labor . 
  the left went from union organizers to poorly educated millennials writing tear-stained thinkpieces about needing safe spaces . 
  without the working class , leftism is just soulless globalism cloaked in emotional outbursts and shaming . 
  did catalonia consent to joining spain ? 
  iirc castilian monarchy joined aragonese monarchy which formed eventual spain . 
  but were the communities ever consulted about continuing this relationship ? 
  it seems bad that catalonians are stuck in spain not by any consent they 'd ever given , but only because of a marriage 500 years ago . 
  they apparently do n't want to remain and this will just cause hatred and conflict in the future , so let them go . 
  a state should n't be an open-air prison . 
  you 're right , of course . 
  i just wonder how this squares with erdogan 's dreams of a neo ottoman empire . 
  without a strong economy , you ca n't have a strong empire . 
  talented people will leave , and so will investment . 
  i wonder if the islamists know what happens to countries that become known for terrorist activity . 
  look at northern ireland and contrast their lack of investment to their southern neighbor . 
  yes , yes , i know , tax haven , but most foreign executives would pick dublin over belfast 99 times out of 100 . 
  people think of dublin and imagine fun times . 
  belfast elicits a different image . 
  one developed , the other stagnated . 
  foreign investment/tourism will dry up and turkey 's economic development will be crippled , long-term . 
  hey , it could be kim . 
  we could have our first ~ ~ president who did a sex tape ~ ~ woman president !, 
  i hope that is n't true . 
  people are being conditioned to accept these attacks as routine and normal . 
  life is being cheapened in the process . 
  edit - do not view the video in worldnews . 
  it will ruin your night . 
  damn . 
  prayers go out to you , my turk bros. 
  if any turks would like to reply , how do we stop this ? 
  you 've grappled with secularism vs islamism for near a century or longer , far longer than many other advanced nations . 
  what do we do about this ? 
  the victim 's family should sue massively . 
  dying for bacon is not a proportional punishment . 
  if you 've got a british accent and are reasonably outgoing , it wo n't be hard . 
   my friends keep falling in love with people from the usa - even if you 're married to a native , it 's very difficult and expensive to get a non-tourist visa ... you 're virtually assured of getting citizenship if you have a us spouse . 
  the only times i 've ever heard of a denial is when the government can prove the marriage is a sham . 
  most sham marriages are accepted because of the risk of separating a couple legitimately in a relationship . 
  the paperwork and procedures might be annoying , but you will get citizenship eventually . 
  source : my coworker brought her ukrainian spouse back with her from peace corp, 
  no , because we have a fiscal union . 
  when we order military hardware , we distribute the production to states that are economically hurting . 
  that 's why the spread between states is much , much less than among eu member states , where the ratio of highest-to-lowest income states are several times that . 
  austerity . 
  nobel prize winning economic joseph stiglitz already warned about imposing austerity on economically imperiled countries . 
  having a one-speed currency like the euro just fans the flames , ossifying some of these economies in a permanent state of stagnation . 
   nobel prize-winning economist joseph stiglitz predicted in a interview out on wednesday that italy and other countries would leave the euro zone in coming years , and he blamed the euro and german austerity policies for europe 's economic problems . 
   europe lacks the decisiveness to undertake needed reforms such as the creation of a banking union involving joint bank deposit guarantees , and also lacks solidarity across national boundaries , stiglitz was quoted as saying by die welt newspaper ...  `` the people in italy are increasingly disappointed in the euro , '' stiglitz was quoted as saying . 
  `` italians are starting to realize that italy does n't work in the euro , '' he added ... http://www.cnbc.com/2016/10/06/nobel-laureate-stiglitz-sees-italy-others-leaving-euro-zone-in-coming-years.html, 
  also google the swedish woman who was raped but did n't report it because she feared bad things being said about immigrants . 
  the regressive left is just a modern form of mental illness , like the communist supporters in the 60s . 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  hard brexit , offset loss by lowering corporate taxes to 10 % . 
  corporations will save net of the import tariffs imposed by eu countries . 
  add in catalan secession and maybe frexit . 
  it would start to look like the old maps of the holy roman empire . 
  a state that looks like swiss cheese . 
  looks like the remnants of an old star fort , without the walls . 
  beautiful . 
   you talk as if aliens are gon na beam down a bunch of robots and presto `` automation '' . 
  google the dark factories that tesla and others are making . 
  they do n't even need to turn the lights on because it 's all automated . 
  including a human in the process actually slows it down hugely to inefficient levels . 
  like it or not , those are our future . 
  minimum incomes are probably our future , regardless of which industry we 're in . 
  the key will be to keep as much wealth as possible in the country with the fewest number of non-working people , so that it does n't spread so thinly . 
  one thing missing from the debate on immigration : what are we going to do when unskilled labor goes extinct due to automation ? 
  every single manual laborer coming into europe/america right now will not have a job in 10-20 years . 
  so whether the percentage is 1 % or 20 % , what are these unskilled laborers going to do when their jobs are replaced ? 
  you ca n't give minimum incomes to the entire third world . 
  there are n't enough earners to support that . 
  some of these states will end up like greece : too much social services , not enough earners/businesses to support it . 
  beautiful !,
