  they 're going to have stores without checkers where a computer tracks what you put in your bag and automatically bills your prime account , plus drone deliveries to your door . 
   german embassy personnel was n't harmed . 
   from the article :  german foreign minister sigmar gabriel said employees at the german embassy had been injured and one afghan security guard had died, 
  ramadan , the name itself evokes fear across the world . 
  god only knows how high the bodies will be piled after this one . 
  80 families ruined . 
  rip, 
  britain had two opium wars with china , colonized them along with the other great western powers . 
  literally invaded their country and killed them to keep their citizens addicted to opium so that the tea-opium-silver trade triangle would n't be disrupted japan committed worse atrocities in china than the west could ever dream of in the middle east , like [ vivisection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unit_731 ) . 
  the slaughter of chinese during the japanese conquest of china , one being [ quite famous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nanking_massacre ) , was also much worse than anything we 've done . 
  comfort women raped to death , human experimentation , ritual slaughter , japan were the nazis of the east . 
  no chinese blowing up concerts in the west or in japan . 
  commodore perry literally opened up japan by force using gunships . 
  we dropped two nukes on them killing hundreds of thousands and occupy their country to this day . 
  no stabbings , shootings , car attacks , etc. 
  they do n't have an isis because they turned their considerable talents toward sony , toyota , nintendo , honda , etc. 
  rather than pointlessly throwing their lives away . 
  the japanese had been here decades before ww2 and established businesses and farms . 
  we put them in detention camps , and despite this had the most decorated unit of ww2 and cracked the japanese code so we could kill japanese troops . 
  no terrorist attacks . 
  if you want ideal immigrants , look to japan . 
  this will result in hackers who hate facebook bombarding it with fake news/hate speech bots in hopes of bankrupting the company . 
  and from a practicality standpoint , congress ca n't sit by while one of our blue chips gets fined huge sums . 
  anti-german legislation will be inevitable if this law is enforced . 
  out of one side of their mouths , they will criticize orban for being undemocratic . 
  out the other side , they will praise the dutch government for passing legislation the people clearly do n't want , demonstrated [ through polling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_ukraine\u2013european_union_association_agreement_referendum,_2016#opinion_polling ) and an actual referendum . 
  perhaps the worst pyrrhic victory in history . 
  the fall of constantinople sent greek people and texts west , fueling the renaissance . 
  ironic because the ottoman conflict with the west also caused portugal to pass beyond a previously impassable part of the atlantic on their way to rounding africa on their voyage to india and se asia , ending the silk road 's importance and starving islamic civilizations of wealth , causing a decline that continues to this day . 
  in one way , we have the turks to thank for all our prosperity . 
   if you really want to see what would happen were europe ever invaded , go take a look at 1939 to 1945 . 
  in 1945 the soviet union seized much of eastern europe and half of germany . 
   you are embarrassing me . 
  get your emotional disorder checked out . 
   bush made trump possible . 
  nothing in the world has been `` normal '' since 2001 we had a love-in after bush and during the obama administration . 
  europe broadly approved . 
  same will happen when trump goes and someone reasonable is elected . 
  but the drama queens will have us believe that nothing will ever be the same , just like they said in 2007 . 
  wish there was some way to wager on this , easy money . 
   this should happen even if trump gets replaced it should . 
  but only when europe is able to defend itself . 
  i would like nothing more than to bring our troops home from europe , it 's annoying that we 've been there so long . 
  europe has the money and technology to make itself strong against its nearby threats . 
  rather than vague talk about plotting courses , it would be nice to see a drastically improved german military to prove it 's up to the task of leading and defending europe . 
   irrelevant . 
  irrelevant that the new leader of europe is both unwilling to fight for member states and so critically underfunded that they ca n't defend themselves , let alone the eu ? 
  scenario : germany leads europe to `` go its own way '' without us and britain . 
  estonia is invaded , and while that 's happening , turkey seizes territory from greece . 
  germany has no credible airforce , lacks guns and ammo , most troops do n't have the nato required night vision goggles . 
  german planes ca n't fly at night due to glare , and as shown over half are n't operational due to improper maintenance . 
  france runs out of ammunition as it did in libya . 
  france ca n't effectively project power , as [ it showed in its mission to mali , where the french acknowledged that american troop and resource transport were essential . ] ( http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/natosource/the-role-of-the-us-air-force-in-the-french-mission-in-mali ) . 
  france was divided in a recent pew poll on whether to fight for eastern europe anyway . 
  what do you do ? 
  who could credibly repel a russian-turkish aggression on two fronts ? 
  the iraq war , open use of torture , and global financial crisis/great recession were more normal ? 
  not sure . 
  what is certain that nobody is leading europe with [ this airforce ] ( http://m.dw.com/image/19005727_303.png ) or [ broomsticks ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2whmb2/germany_cant_explain_use_of_broomsticks_instead ) . 
   do you really think everything will just go back to normal after trump ? 
  it went back to normal after bush 's war based on lies that killed hundreds of thousands of people and ultimately caused the modern refugee crisis + the global meltdown stemming from lehman 's default . 
  disappointing she ca n't see what 's happening here . 
  trump was assisted in the election by russia in order to drive a wedge in nato . 
  putin knows well the attitudes in that [ pew poll from a few days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6d1bud/pewpoll_readiness_to_defend_eastern_europe/ ) , showing that the population of germany is unwilling to defend eastern europe . 
  how can she not see what 's happening ? 
  trump will be gone in 4-8 years if not sooner . 
  you ca n't plot your own course with an underfunded military and a populace unwilling to fight outside aggressors . 
  that has to change before going your own way . 
  all over a one-term president on the verge of impeachment . 
  ridiculous . 
   what did the thousands of innocent muslims in the west do to warrant their collective punishment ? 
  nothing . 
  i do n't advocate collective punishment against muslims , but i do think that draconian measures should be taken against those who are responsible or contribute to radicalism . 
  i take offense at the notion that people have to wrong islam to become its target . 
  yazidis , copts , atheists , apostates , and every non-muslim has become targets whether they 've done anything wrong to the ummah or not . 
  simply existing makes us targets . 
  following the teachings of prophet who married children , slaughtered nonbelievers and killed jews for money has led to a disastrous outcome : a string of failed states , tens of thousands per year slaughtered and mass migration to escape these disasters . 
  what did the copts do to make muslims hate them ? 
  because they 're also getting slaughtered . 
  meh , we have more than fast food . 
  cajun food , various styles of barbecue , hawaiian , etc, 
  the copts were just massacred today , jeremy . 
  did they also invade libya ? 
  the yazidis ? 
  pakistani christians ? 
  sudanese and nigerian christians ? 
  can we look at the common denominator in all of this rather than being an apologist for terrorists ? 
  it 's as if people have no memory from before trump took office . 
  bush jr did far more damage to the special relationship than 100 manchester leaks . 
  way overblown by a media which has no control over itself . 
  trump only won because his opponent was hillary , who had historical unfavorable ratings . 
  this would never happen in a french election due to multiple parties . 
  i would love 4-5 parties like european countries to stop this madness . 
  more multicult talk . 
  working well for israel , though . 
  hate to be the bearer of bad news , but if they had n't invaded america , that flag we use as flair would n't exist . 
  it 's like you want them punished for creating some of the best places on earth to live . 
  and worse news . 
  if those cultures had the technology , they 'd have invaded us first . 
  some of them actually did .
