  no proven technology exists that can stop it . 
  the best we could do is eat a lifetime 's worth of the deadliest radiation yet discovered and then live underground on mars . 
  who would travel to mars to live a subterranean existence ? 
  a lot of them are weird though . 
  greens are anti-capitalist . 
  nobody really wants borderline communists to wreck our economy . 
  libertarians are anti-tax of any kind . 
  constitution party is just an extreme version of republicans . 
   for gay rights , abortion etv but against immigration and such . 
  if you do n't want them , we could really use a sane party right now . 
   again interesting how you differ between calls for violence between muslims and non muslims like one is better than the other . 
  if neonazis were creating body counts like islamists , none of us would need to make calls to tighten the laws against them because it would already be done . 
  western society treats islamists with kid gloves because something something racism something something they 'll kill more of us if we offend them . 
   the most common interpretation in germany for human dignity would be that the state is not allowed to use its people as a mere tool and degrade them . 
  interesting fact . 
  it 's just not very persuasive as to why that justifies arresting private people for non-threatening language or stupid beliefs . 
   so they should found a new organisation just to focus on muslim hate speech ? 
  yes . 
  until the piles of bodies stops . 
   also interesting that you do n't understand the concept of human dignity . 
  we do n't have hate speech laws and we 're still here . 
  japan seems to do just fine without them as well , and their society is less violent than yours . 
  besides , it 's undeniable that `` human dignity '' is , unlike murder , objectively vague and undefinable . 
  no different than the middle ages concept of a woman 's `` honor . '', 
  could n't police resources be rerouted from prosecuting nonviolent crime to monitoring salafi chat rooms/youtube channels ? 
  seems like the german government should protect its people 's lives first rather than this inane , undefinable , unscientific concept of `` human dignity '' . 
  of course . 
  but they say it on social media sites . 
  your country had no problem outlawing nazi salutes and expressing disbelief of the holocaust . 
  yet you ca n't outlaw expressing support for a belief in killing infidels ? 
  if you outlawed salafism as a nazi-like terrorist ideology , which it is , you could imprison a lot of these guys before they can even start . 
  meanwhile , the jihadis returning from syria are put in a database and `` monitored '' until they kill people . 
  even though anyone who fought with isis almost certainly engaged in murder , ethnic cleansing , bomb making , rape , kidnapping , slaving , and/or torture . 
  people saying mean things on the internet take priority . 
  the bahamas and barbados are tax havens used by europeans to stash their money , their head of state being the queen of england . 
  the people of african descent there are poor . 
  edit - gini coefficient of 57 . 
   not true , although there is a nationwide police shortage which does affect the area . 
  i got the article on a translation from your national broadcaster , but fucked up the geography . 
  it 's kista in jarva . 
  forgive if faulty , but here 's what they say :  the police station in kista is the only station left in the j\u00e4rva area . 
  now , according to several police sources , it will be shut down . 
  the reason for the closure should be in the absence of staff . 
  `` to get closer to the citizens , you can throw in the wall , '' says a police who wants to be anonymous . 
   according to several police sources , j\u00e4rva 's only police station will most likely be closed down . 
  in the j\u00e4rva area , rinkeby , tensta and husby are areas that the national police department of the police ( noa ) classifies as `` particularly vulnerable '' . 
  google translate on this article , so forgive me , but the police themselves say it 's too dangerous to build  some companies have declined to work there because the risk of their valuable equipment being stolen is too high so they do n't bother . 
  there are still other larger companies willing to take that risk though , not that much construction is going on in the first place , it 's a fully built up poor neighbourhood , no one is investing in it . 
   the station should be in a property that previously housed a retirement home , but no offers have been received . 
  the closing date for the procurement has therefore been extended in several installments . 
  according to sources of svt news , several large construction companies consider that for safety reasons it is problematic to get the job done . 
   ** `` it 's far too dangerous to build a police station in the area , '' says several police officers who want to be anonymous to svt news . 
  **  - ** it needs to be watched around the clock . 
  it is both about the risk of thefts but also the threat to the staff who will work on the building . 
   lol , this type of hysteria reminds of the the anti-catholicism hysteria in the usa around the turn of the 20th century . 
  catholics contributed by economies of scale . 
  they did n't have to be educated to make steel or pull coal out of the ground . 
  what will these migrants do when every simple task , the only tasks for uneducated people who do n't speak the language , are automated ? 
  forget automation , it 's already done in china and they do n't need more human labor . 
  you 're just importing people , giving the illusion of the ladder of social mobility . 
  that ladder has been gone for a while now . 
  they have no conceivable way to out-compete a european at a high skill job unless they are exceptionally intelligent . 
  at this point , immigration without being selective is adding another soul to the welfare line . 
  which is increasing with no end in sight . 
  what is the long-term goal here ? 
  to bring the continent of africa to europe and pay them benefits forever ? 
  because that is the only conceivable outcome when you factor for automation . 
  a better way to phrase it is : name a country that is n't dominated by people of european or east asian descent that is successful . 
  and , in how many of those countries have unselectively chosen immigrants from africa prospered ? 
  sounds like it 's geographic in sweden . 
  i 've read several articles about this place called rinkeby . 
  it 's had riots , they do n't deliver mail anymore . 
  construction firms wo n't take contracts to build there and the police all quit so the last police station is closing . 
  it 's gone from once every few months to several times a week . 
  having no casualties on the last 2 ( van attack in paris and this ) is a stroke of luck considering both had weapons . 
  13bn to dilute the price of the currency to boost exports . 
  the more non-exporting countries that adopt the currency , the more people abroad buy your more competitively priced products . 
  13bn is a kickback to maintain so many countries using a currency they ca n't afford . 
  this argument `` but china buys way more than poland '' is blatantly disingenuous . 
  how much would they buy if those cars were priced 30 % higher ? 
  maybe the poles consider it humanitarian to protect their own from being blown up at concerts . 
  humanitarianism has to start with the citizens you 're obligated to protect . 
  [ 99 % of afghans believe sharia should be law . 
  ] ( http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/11/2013/04/gsi2-overview-1.png ) so 99 % are unsuitable for life in europe . 
  definitely . 
  eu workers in britain and british people living in the eu are most affected by this . 
  they should be given assurances right away as the majority of them did n't even want this . 
  it 's grossly unfair to make them bargaining chips . 
  climate change wo n't be solved by reducing emissions . 
  we 've gone well past that point already . 
  it 's becoming clear , although few will admit it , that the solution will be technological , not a conservationist approach . 
  there are already foolproof methods to halt the earth 's temperature increase , we just need the money from a robotic economy to do it . 
  when obama was in office 9 months ago , things were rosy . 
  now the country is falling off a cliff ( even though trump 's entire agenda ca n't get passed in the senate ) the american media have become a parody since the election . 
  i was thinking in terms of coverage . 
  chile is long , but thin . 
  packages basically travel the same route to cross the country . 
  packages out of seattle have to land in san jose , then branch off to different areas of the country . 
  that package could transfer flights 5 times between here and atlanta . 
  large square miles and a spread out population is more complex .
