  the pro-smuggling crowd is deeply saddened . 
  how bizarre to put bravos at istanbul rather than the city it 's based on , venice . 
  tourism is a plot by jews , atheists and western homosexuals . 
  we did n't need it anyway . 
  what about the press on social media ? 
  germany listed as freer than the us , but social media companies can be forced to remove content with the threat of $ 50m fines . 
  in the us , which is deemed less free , you can print whatever you want so long as it 's not a threat directed at someone in particular . 
  poland is n't sanctioned now , the eu is building a case for [ sanctions in the future for ee 's resistance to migrant redistribution ] ( http://www.nationalreview.com/article/448749/sanctions-punishing-poland-eastern-europe-are-mistake ) . 
  why be pedantic ? 
  have you been following the [ news ] ( https://www.ft.com/content/c7a26721-e9b7-3587-92f6-ee0fd06ff6ea?mhq5j=e1 ) ? 
  they normally have to pay the taxes where they make the profit . 
  however , technology profits are more complicated than normal products . 
  you sell a widget in france , you pay french tax . 
  but companies like google sell a product based on intellectual property , not realty or personalty . 
  they can park the patents in ireland and pay ip royalties back to ireland . 
  essentially it 's a way to transfer the profit to countries with the most favorable tax rates by taking the royalty expense in high tax countries ( reducing profit in those countries ) and recognizing the income in low-tax countries . 
  edit - why am i being downvoted ? 
  i 'm a cpa, 
  the european commission admitted as much  more than half of all migrants to europe are motivated by `` economic reasons '' and are not fleeing war or persecution , the vice-president of the european commission has said . 
   dutch politician frans timmermans said the majority of migrants to europe are from north african countries such as morocco or tunisia , where there is no conflict . 
   `` more than half of the people now coming to europe come from countries where you can assume they have no reason whatsoever to ask for refugee status ... more than half , 60 per cent , '' he told dutch broadcaster nos . 
  i take that money and move as many of my family to the nearest safe country as possible . 
  it makes much more sense that these men are not fleeing any danger , they 're searching for a wealthier country . 
  that 's why they do n't want to stay in ee , they leave for germany . 
  that 's why they do n't bring their families . 
  that 's why most of them have been discovered to be migrants , not refugees . 
  see , this is why i hate the metric system . 
  which i could see if they 're economic migrants . 
  imagine your family 's life is in danger and you abandon them to stay in europe for years while asylum + family reunification applications are processed ? 
  hell no , only a coward would abandon their women in a war zone . 
  if they were genuinely fleeing for their lives , why would they leave their mothers , sisters , wives and daughters behind ? 
  your ghettos look rather cheery compared to [ ours ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/64/9d/af/649daf528510f23af9eec233ccb24678.jpg ), 
  my aunt works as a doctor in dallas . 
  this is what she 's told me . 
  many are too afraid to go to the hospital because of the false belief that the doctors will turn in illegals to the ice . 
   wait , why are they included with the citizens ? 
   because then every single person in mexico would be in the united states for healthcare , and every hospital near the border would close due to bankruptcy . 
  as to the data collection , nothing our government does makes sense with regard to the immigration issue with mexico and latin america . 
  it 's so political with so many special interests that it 's unsolvable . 
  we have a lot of illegal immigrants . 
  they live 8 to an apartment , funded by illegal payments from farmers . 
  they fear going to the hospital due to the belief that they 'll be turned over to the ice . 
  so they try to give birth in their homes , rather than go back to mexico , so that their children can get birthright citizenship . 
  it 's fucked up but there 's really nothing we can do . 
  even if we had a national healthcare system like britain , it still would n't apply to people here illegally . 
  wow , it looks like a warzone . 
  why have n't the police gone apeshit on these looters ? 
  tear gas , rubber bullets and batons should be used liberally on thugs . 
  oh boy here we go . 
  as a former catholic , it did sicken me a bit to read the rumors concerning medieval popes and relationships with boys . 
  usually historians will brush it off as a cardinal seeking to undermine a rival , but now i 'm not so sure . 
  the abuse in modern times was revealed to be so widespread , it makes you wonder how many centuries it had been happening . 
  imagine if the church has been doing this since its inception . 
  the thought made me really uncomfortable . 
  there are more violent crimes by the left than the right ( 1702 vs 1689 ) , but the numbers are very close . 
  what exactly did you want him to conclude ? 
  the margin for violent crime does appear to be , as he implied , no significant difference . 
  people act like we 're this big coercive asshole regarding trade , [ yet we have trade deficits with almost every nation with whom we trade ] ( http://ei.marketwatch.com//multimedia/2016/03/01/photos/ns/mw-eg853_usatra_20160301113805_ns.png ), 
  christ , those stamped out apartment buildings in the second pic are hideous . 
  looks like mediterranean versions of soviet apartment blocks . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  i 've been looking for a map of pre-latin constantinople for a while . 
  it is beautifully detailed . 
  ca n't make out the quarter to the right of the venetian quarter . 
  i 'm guessing that must be armenian . 
   why does congress need to rule on any of it ? 
  what ultimately happens is that the supreme court , whatever court you elect to be the ultimate authority , gradually erodes state powers in favor of federal powers using aggressive interpretations of the law . 
  so long as the court is an instrument of the federal government , losing state powers is inevitable . 
  the feds will only appoint justices that are pro-fed with creative and dubious interpretations of the law . 
   the age of small nation states is over , just like the age of duchies passed before that . 
  i 'm struggling to see the evidence . 
  large states are having difficulty staying together due to ethnic/cultural/political differences . 
  countries like singapore and switzerland , on the other hand , are more agile because they do n't need to forge consensus with millions of people living 3000 miles away . 
  even if you succeed , your goal is what , a union like ours ? 
  look at how much political gridlock occurs in our system . 
  how much pork and horse trading it takes just to pass a budget because congressional district 4 in alaska wants a bridge to nowhere . 
  better to stay small and , at most , be part of a union . 
  less waste and more responsive . 
  ah yes , burn shit . 
  that will prove your point . 
  true , but you have to judge it in the context of the day . 
  caesar was raised as a pagan in a warlike culture that gave little regard for compassion or mercy . 
  henry v did this at christmas time to his fellow christians , a time when he was supposed to be most compassionate to honor his god . 
  and this was after he massacred prisoners of war at agincourt . 
  neither of these acts seemed to be essential to carrying out his broader ambitions . 
  i 'd say that earns him a bastard rating overall . 
   afaik the first complete asshole in europe , due to his actions in the 3th part of the 1618-1648 match . 
  [ henry v was two centuries before him ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henry_v_of_england#1417.e2.80.9320_campaign )  with those two potential enemies gone , and after two years of patient preparation following the battle of agincourt , henry renewed the war on a larger scale in 1417 . 
  lower normandy was quickly conquered , and rouen was cut off from paris and besieged . 
  ** this siege cast an even darker shadow on the reputation of the king than his order to slay the french prisoners at agincourt . 
  rouen , starving and unable to support the women and children of the town , forced them out through the gates believing that henry would allow them to pass through his army unmolested . 
  however , henry refused to allow this , and the expelled women and children died of starvation in the ditches surrounding the town . 
  ** btw , he starved them to death during christmas . 
  dude was a bastard by any measure . 
  which is ironic , because the `` scumbags of europe '' series indirectly appeals to nationalism . 
  both to defend `` our scumbag '' , and as a lightning rod to criticize countries where said scumbags perpetrated their scummery . 
  did he bring a dog this time to freak out merkel ? 
  he 's shown her outright hostility in the past and she treats him so well . 
  yep . 
  possibly the greatest physicist not named newton or einstein .
