  it is easy to say let them out when you and your family wo n't be the ones raped or murdered . 
  they think money grows on trees . 
  plant more money trees , health care for the world !, 
  does n't work that way . 
  our sympathies lie with the victims , not the fraudsters , rapists and murderers . 
  let them labor and do something constructive rather than sit around on their asses . 
  because hersheys brainwashed us into thinking that shit is chocolate . 
  it does not bother me in the slightest that felons are used as laborers . 
  many of us have little sympathy for them . 
  how do you do this ? 
  every bit of produce i 've ever seen here is grown either from us farms or mexico , where workers are treated worse . 
  which is exactly why i support a wall and heavy penalties to employers who violate the law . 
  we do n't label our fruit `` picked by illegals '' so we 'd have to stop buying all agricultural products altogether . 
  that does n't mean we have to trade with countries that use slaves . 
  i remember when we inserted the clause `` no blatant human rights/labor violations '' as a clause in the tpp . 
  then obama discovered one of the countries ( i think it was malaysia ) was listed by the us state dept as a human rights abuser , so he promptly removed them . 
  then an investigative team went to malaysia and found the bones of slaves in the jungle , people forced into labor . 
  we do n't want our workers to compete with that . 
  edit - added link  washington -- the obama administration outraged human rights advocates on monday by removing malaysia from its list of the world 's worst human trafficking offenders -- a move that the activists said damages u.s. credibility -- simply to boost the president 's trade agenda . 
  pussied out ? 
  he promised to kill the tpp for the entire election . 
  it was a deal that would completely fuck over his base , ie the rust belt . 
  he 's just doing what his voters wanted . 
  trump : so you 're telling me ... switzerland is n't in sweden ? 
  pence : no , that 's where your money is . 
  was . 
  he 'll probably lose votes for this, 
   then why was trump elected ? 
  because the democrats , in their infinite wisdom , ran the only candidate with unfavorables as high as trump . 
  if bernie or biden had run , one of them would now be the president . 
   you shouldn \u00b4 t underestimate them , they are getting there . 
   they are over 60 years behind us . 
  a country that keeps itself alive through unsustainable debt , repression , and ( get ready for it ) selling cheap shit to us . 
  we built them by pouring trillions into their economy . 
  like their products , they are a poor knockoff . 
  a global power must be able to project power to all parts of the globe , they ca n't . 
  a global power can not be reliant upon another power 's economy for economic survival , they are . 
   the usa are a nation in decline as of now , the former economic strength is getting weaker ( and trump won \u00b4 t help , sorry ) . 
  lmao . 
  did n't you just celebrate the best gdp growth in years at 1.9 % ? 
  want to take a guess at how our brokedown , failing economy is performing ? 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-12-22/u-s-economic-growth-revised-up-to-3-5-pace-in-third-quarter china 's wealthy elites are fleeing china and coming to the us . 
  want to guess why that is ? 
  even the chinese elite do n't believe in their own country , which is why they send their assets and families to the us . 
   if the us retreats into isolation once again , they will sink back to the level of a regional power . 
  http://imgur.com/a/3mo7d we became the dominant power because we could project overwhelming force to any part of the globe . 
  a single carrier group can topple a nation , and we have 11 of them . 
  we caused the meltdown of iran 's nuclear facilities with one virus , stuxnet . 
   europe should try to align itself more with china . 
  china has been struggling for decades to build that kind of power . 
  they ca n't even build one carrier , which is why their fleet is a single soviet era carrier they purchased . 
  their neighbors despise them , and are buying arms from us to contain them . 
  we have rings of bases around their country , and they ca n't stop us from invading their waters . 
  how in the world are they going to project power to europe ? 
  pretty much . 
  we are n't currently threatened by conventional armies , as we are surrounded by water , and our neighbors are n't threats . 
  a terrorist who melts down a nuclear reactor can do the most damage to us . 
  automation . 
  the low population countries will be better suited for it , as they wo n't have legions of unemployed . 
  the resources of your country will be spread more generously , as the resources of growth countries become spread more thinly . 
  when manual labor becomes obsolete , you 'll have more acres/timber/minerals per person due to robotics , ie increasing production with no corresponding increase in laborers who need services . 
  western countries are being incredibly short-sighted right now . 
  us leaders have been allowing that for years . 
  the current tax strategy is the double irish , where all profits flow to ireland via the netherlands , and then on to caribbean tax havens . 
  historically , the church is second only to the nazis when it comes to murdering jews . 
  the descendants of those men were strong enough to liberate paris , no ? 
  my ancestors fled ireland during the great famine . 
  it 's an interest of mine . 
  do i need a justification for posting on a website based in my own country ? 
  or what , gerry ? 
  are you going to start murdering people again ? 
  if we build a wall on our southern border , as mexico has done , the eu is somehow harmed by this ? 
  stop listening to the media , this is way past the deep end . 
  why do germans care whether we build walls on our borders ? 
  it has nothing to do with them . 
   why would it be treasonous ? 
  i thought this was a voluntary union of states ? 
  when did it become a dictatorship where you ca n't leave ? 
  voluntary entry . 
  the south found out how voluntary leaving was . 
  the difference between the eu and us is that we can force states to stay using violence . 
  the secession movement in texas ramped up during obama 's administration . 
  with trump in office , it will probably die back down to its pre-obama levels . 
  odd reading the statement `` if europe could only unite '' while serbia threatens kosovo . 
  20 years after a genocide that was supposed to be the final conflict in the balkans . 
  while spain deals with a de facto rebel region . 
  i 'll tell you a secret i 've learned living in one of these `` unions '' . 
  it 's not fun living in a country where the policies implemented 3000 miles away are alien to you . 
  i had to watch us invade a country that few in my area supported , our income was taxed to pay for it , and our children were sent to die . 
  all for something we did n't want , imposed on us by people from regions many of us will never see . 
  forget unity , you want to be nimble like switzerland . 
  those are the countries who prosper under globalism , not these divided , dysfunctional giants . 
  i do n't like it either . 
  but the religious folks eat it up . 
  so every president will do it until voters do n't want it anymore . 
  in parts of this country , faith and god are just as real as they were 200 years ago . 
  you 'll be downvoted , but this is literally the only way . 
  it 's why candidate obama was so insistent on closing gitmo , and president obama was so opposed . 
  once he got security clearance and saw the dossiers of those inside its wall , he knew that releasing them would 100 % lead to deaths by terrorism . 
  it 's actually why i voted for him , thinking he would release the prisoners .
