  yeah it 's getting pretty old . 
  take heart in the fact that politico is barely taken seriously in its own country . 
  it 's like the bild of politics , except without the readership . 
  did they make allowance for square miles and distances ? 
  a package going from one end of switzerland to another travels 250km . 
  a package from new york travels 8000km to honolulu . 
  many more things can go wrong with that many connecting flights . 
  same issue with canada . 
  wo n't this just drive wealthy germans to switzerland ? 
  heck , we give out investment visas for 500k . 
  tough to raise taxes when you 're part of a union where everyone has the same basic rights and free access . 
  true that you 're civilized . 
  but what if these attacks do n't stop ? 
  eventually people will get sick of it and be willing to throw their lives away to attack the other side . 
  some people have nothing to lose . 
  when isis in syria falls , will the attacks end or continue forever ? 
  the latter will be critical . 
  this is going to escalate into ethnic civil war . 
  not armies , but various peoples going at each other . 
  balkans 2.0, 
  i thought the same , but courts might block that as many see the right to pursue jobs as a human right . 
  in china leaders are n't even supposed to hold large quantities of wealth , so they put the wealth in the names of their relatives . 
  you 'd almost have to bar the politician 's wife , children and parents from holding private positions , which is unworkable . 
  excellent idea . 
  much better alternative to nordstream . 
  i 've wracked my brain for years trying to figure out a measure to stop it . 
  the only way would be to ban politicians and bureaucrats from seeking employment after leaving office . 
  but that 's probably against human rights or something . 
  and the politicians ' children and friends could be hired instead . 
  ca n't ban free association , so these ex pols will be able to lobby their former colleagues . 
  it 's one of the inherent weaknesses of a free society . 
  damn . 
  the swiss are amazing . 
  6 points ahead of us too . 
  they 're bringing washington tactics to brussels . 
  the keys behind lobbying are cushy jobs with nice salaries . 
  it impresses upon current eu officials that if they are nice to google , they 'll retire to a lobbying firm for a good salary . 
  all they must do is attend expensive lunches at michelin star restaurants with their buddies who are still in the eu government . 
  laugh , bend their ear , convince them of google 's position . 
  if you 're really good , you might be paid tens of thousands for a 5 minute speech here and there . 
  it 's practically impossible to stop . 
   soft brexit : staying in the single market while still being bound by all the rules that made people wan na leave in the first place . 
  but now england has no say in the eu parliament . 
  is n't that just eea ??? 
  what 's the difference between this arrangement and what the uk had before with its opt-outs ? 
  can someone explain what a `` soft brexit '' means ? 
  the eu sleuths here have presented conclusive evidence that a country is either in or out . 
  sickening death toll . 
  rip . 
  can evacuations in portugal be made mandatory ? 
  top comment suggests the portuguese staying put might have something to do with the large number of dead . 
  guess i do n't see it that way . 
  before strong government control , merchants and governments would fight each other for valuable turf in asia during colonial times . 
  the spices that the dutch and british east india companies fought over was valuable , conflict inevitable . 
  the same is true for drugs . 
  absent government intervention , of course drug lords will fight each other to become multi-billionaires . 
  if one is born in poverty , one would surely kill for a chunk of that . 
  how ? 
  even if we decriminalized cocaine use tomorrow , we still would n't legalize cocaine production and trafficking . 
  this turf would still be valuable enough to kill over . 
  there is not a single eu country that allows for production of cocaine for recreational use . 
  unlike marijuana , this drug is highly addictive and kills its users . 
  [ you 're only looking at state debt , not municipal debt , which is much higher . ] ( http://www.sactax.org/2017/01/californias-total-government-debt-rises-to-1-3-trillion/ ) . 
  add their proportional chunk of the federal debt ( which they 'd have to take in exchange for federal lands , highway systems , etc ) , and they 're at around 150 % . 
  they 'd need a trade agreement with us . 
  do you think apple is staying if they ca n't sell iphones to the other 49 states ? 
  what if facebook could n't get ad revenue ? 
  they 'd leave california . 
  as california would no longer have bankruptcy protection afforded by the fedgov , nor a stable currency , nor any multinationals staying to experience this disastrous experiment , it would be over before it even started . 
  our offenders are far more violent than yours , and we have a narco trafficking hub on our southern border . 
  [ the most violent countries on earth are just south of us ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/76/map_of_world_by_intentional_homicide_rate-fixplcz.svg/1200px-map_of_world_by_intentional_homicide_rate-fixplcz.svg.png ) , more violent than any african state . 
  [ sort by rate and prepare to be amazed ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_intentional_homicide_rate ) and no , the war on drugs did not cause this violence . 
  these are gangs fighting each other for a multi-billion dollar market . 
  [ put the global cocaine producing region in sicily and watch what happens to italy and germany . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/64/drugroutemap.gif ), 
  is n't this common in europe ? 
  uk , denmark , greece , norway , etc, 
  california has 50 % debt to gdp on its state and municipal debt . 
  after taking their proportional share from calexit , they 'd be a brand new state with 150 % debt to gdp . 
  nearly greek levels of debt . 
  and no more dollars , california bucks . 
  a new currency impaired by unsustainable debt levels and a fleeing tax base . 
  that 's a calamity compared to anything mentioned in that article . 
  you 're dreaming . 
  cali might be the 6th largest economy in the world , but its economy is still dwarfed by the other 49 states . 
  assuming they can convince 51 % of the voters to do this ( they wo n't ) , and assuming they can invent a constitutional way to do it ( does n't exist ) , all the major corporations would leave . 
  what 's going to happen when silicon valley finds themselves outside the largest consumer market in the world , and their intellectual property no longer protected by us courts ? 
  what happens when we offer them huge tax incentives to leave for the 49 ? 
  california will be a bankrupt shell with a massive welfare state and no taxpayers to pay for it . 
  california is n't in the wto , we could halt trade/free movement and it would collapse in months . 
  secession is only possible for lean states , not massively indebted welfare states . 
  he is n't anything close to hitler . 
  i only compare them because both so obviously wish harm to their neighbors . 
  it 's just hard to understand why so many people are blind to it, 
   yeah , we all know the up - and downvotes are clearly being used with their original aims to distinguish between comments that do and do not contribute to the discussion and not at all to show how very easily can the `` are u triggered , snowflake '' crowd be triggered . 
  i normally do n't appeal to popularity like that , just showing that i 'm not crazy by claiming there is a mass of dots in the gray zone . 
  they appear to be getting closer by the year . 
   so your rock solid argument is that people who have put themselves in danger by their own stupidity need not to be helped ? 
  it was n't stupidity , though . 
  they go to libya to hire human traffickers in hopes of getting to europe .
