  ban any immigration inflow from outside the eu except for skilled people . 
  that would be a start . 
  i 'll never forget those retarded women holding signs `` refugees welcome . '', 
  no critical thinking and nothing behind the eyes except empty ideology . 
  happens all the time from other americans especially . 
  i 'm from washington state and countless times my countrymen just assume `` dc '' . 
  we really do need to be cascadia . 
  agreed . 
  they 're forcing our tourists to stay home and spend money here . 
  we should do absolutely nothing to hinder their wealthy tourists coming here and spending money . 
  this is definitely one of those times where the best option is to do nothing . 
  if they want to boost our gdp , by all means . 
  yeah i wo n't defend subway sandwiches . 
  in fairness our best sandwiches are served at jewish and italian delis . 
  / r/europe is like a box of chocolates ... 
  it 's random and not helpful since few of those countries actually perpetrated terrorist attacks , and the biggest terrorist states ( saudi and paksitan ) were off the list . 
  whole thing was a political joke , but not a rights violation . 
  it 's not a human right to enter a country on the other side of the earth . 
  erm , that `` sandwich '' on the left looks like hors d'oeuvres . 
  no thx , give me something that wo n't make me hungry an hour later . 
  this never gets old lmao, 
  i did n't realize that banning entry to citizens of 7 countries for 3 months constituted a human rights violation . 
  or that deportation of illegal immigrants was a war crime . 
  please cite the international law stating that we have no right to control who enters our borders . 
  you only stopped doing it when right-wing politicians threatened to take over europe and break the eu . 
  considering the small margins of the brexit vote , it probably cost you britain . 
   the eu would get more of its `` own resources '' ( the ability to raise revenue through tax ) , the eurozone would be completed along the lines of the five presidents ' report issued in 2015 . 
  the commission prefers this option for eurozone governance and said it will issue a reflection paper to that effect in the coming months . 
  why would any rich country desire this ? 
  sounds like a scenario where citizens of wealthy states are heavily taxed in a wealth redistribution scheme . 
  it takes centuries to build systems that produce great wealth , just giving it away will be deeply unpopular . 
  ohhh , the flags fooled me . 
  edit - nice edit mods, 
  same . 
  the american banner did n't need anything european to define our identity . 
  you 're using one of our politicians to define you . 
  imho the vitruvian man by da vinci is more appropriate , to represent european achievements in science and the arts . 
  edit - what is the scorecard looking thing on the right ? 
   it is believed to be a response to posters put up in northern spain by a transgender rights group , which read : `` there are girls with penises and boys with vulvas . 
  it 's as simple as that . '', 
  it does n't make sense that a group can make a stipulation like this and no challenge is allowed . 
  the bus was a direct challenge to a previous ad campaign . 
  their answer is in line with the other ad , a direct rebuttal . 
  if they are charged with hate speech for something like this , we 've entered the era of thought crime . 
  they look down on us bro . 
  our murican boobs-beer-cheeseburger combo did n't impress them . 
  then bring in other eu workers to fill the shortfall . 
  if you must seek laborers outside the eu , go to vietnam or china . 
  plenty looking to emigrate . 
  the un 's relevance is quickly nearing an end . 
  no country on earth has been more generous to people of african descent than germany . 
  defund it and build a parking garage where the un headquarters are . 
  nyc needs the parking more than it does the un . 
  right but trump buttfucking liberty is n't a challenge to any mainstream opinion . 
  the vast majority of europe and probably canada/us already believe that . 
  political humor is really funny when the comedian takes risks . 
  the floats here visually represent the opinions i read in 95 % of op-eds published in the new york times . 
  did i interpret these floats wrong , or was this really supposed to be comedic ? 
  i come from an era of watching george carlin laugh at 9/11 victims in his misanthropic rants . 
  made me mad , but i laughed and had to think why it made me so mad . 
  these floats do n't challenge anyone to think , just imho . 
  i could n't put my finger on what bothered me about all these floats . 
  then it hit me . 
  political humor used to be about ways to talk about difficult subjects . 
  a tool of the underprivileged to use against their economic and political masters when the consequences of questioning them were severe . 
  political comedy was often iconoclastic , a way of scrutinizing ideological sacred cows . 
  so now i see all the floats , and disappointingly most are just reinforcements of opinions deemed acceptable . 
  good ol' mutti merkel theme , always reliable for a safe laugh . 
  trump , obviously the easiest one . 
  right wingers and funny hair styles . 
  two men making out , haha !, 
  brexit sucks but ultimately it 's their choice , yeah we know because the overwhelming global majority feel that way . 
  where are floats that make us think about the more difficult issues ? 
  how about a float provoking questions about what must be done to help the southern economies of europe ? 
  how about a float provoking discussions of migration in a world where climate change will inevitably see mass population movements ? 
  how about one dealing with rising wealth inequality in an age of automation ? 
  what about the brain drain from poorer nations that partially causes them to be in a state of permanent turmoil/stagnation ? 
  if comedy goes as mainstream as every corporate-owned publication , what is its purpose ? 
  every float was so much like articles on / r/worldnews that i could n't even garner a grin . 
  sorry to be the party pooper . 
  why does everything have to be so safe and sterilized nowadays ? 
  yeah , it did n't pan out , did it ? 
  lol . 
  the predictions of a shitstorm are funnier than the floats . 
  how would thousands of body bags happen ? 
  do you think anyone would be dumb enough to fire at a supercarrier protected by an aegis system and a fleet of subs ? 
  erdogan sets turkish policy . 
  for better or worse , the consequences of those decisions will fall on turkey . 
  yep . 
  hard to forget those pictures of that smoking old carrier . 
  how long do you think before some president gets sick of erdogan ? 
  obama looked the other way as a coup was executed against erdogan . 
  our military brass , not the armchair generals , tolerate him but do n't like him , else he would have been warned by us instead of russia . 
  do you imagine that if we really needed to get to the black sea for something important , they could stop us ? 
  11 aircraft carrier groups say otherwise . 
  agreed . 
  if we side with turkey in a dispute like that , it means we 've abandoned the entire concept of sovereignty and ca n't be a reliable partner . 
  i would n't put anything past trump . 
  luckily , mattis is more logical . 
  i just hope the army brass do n't sell out greece .
