  after seeing what isis did , i know why he did n't . 
  he found out it was easier to talk about civil rights than to actually release them knowing he would be condemning innocent people to death . 
  in american politics , that 's as low as you can get before venturing into belief in outlandish conspiracies territory . 
  there has always been some small support for secession by anti-government types . 
  the difference is that the remaining 75-80 % finds secession inconceivable and even treasonous . 
  they wo n't be moved by any argument , unlike the fluid situation with public opinion during a brexit . 
  that was taken right after the election when emotions were highest . 
  later this year , it will probably sink down into the teens again . 
  will never happen . 
  those who believe a secession is plausible are n't realistic . 
  czech republic sounds better imo . 
  people psychologically associate republics with democracy and stability . 
  only 23 % back secession in california in a poll conducted 2 weeks after trump was elected . 
  most of the nation hovers in the single digits . 
  whether one backs it or not , it is implausible . 
  does he think that parliament will sit by and watch capital flee ? 
  if canada is given tariff-free trade while tariffs are imposed on britain , then westminster will rightly perceive this as an attempt to economically harm them , and will by necessity respond with a singapore-style tax system . 
  the last report said hyperloop could cost up to $ 120m per mile in california , where property prices are very high . 
  let 's say property in the uk is similarly high ( it 's not , except in greater london ) http://www.uklandandfarms.co.uk/rural-property-for-sale/south-east/hampshire/48982_lar160051/ comes in around 3k per acre . 
  it 's 62 miles from london . 
  at $ 120m per mile , that 's about $ 7.4 bn . 
  what is the price per acre of current real estate within 10 minutes of london ? 
  probably well over a million , since flats even on the edge of london go for nearly a million . 
  let 's give a 50 % discount due to it not actually being in london and the inconvenience of hyperloop . 
  that 's still 1/2 mil per acre . 
  which comes in at over $ 2bn . 
  meaning for the price of a $ 7.4 bn hyperloop and farmland amounting to $ 10m , you 've received a return on investment on a mere 4200 acres of over $ 2bn . 
  the price of the hyperloop could double , triple or quadruple , and so long as you found enough acreage to sell , you could offset the costs and experience an outstanding roi . 
  repeat over and over until prices in paris/london/milan / stockholm , etc reach acceptable levels . 
  so really , the only barriers are regulatory , capital and technology . 
  if hyperloop one can figure out the technology aspect of moving large numbers of people , the other two are easy . 
  i disagree that this is unrealistic . 
  if this technology becomes cheaper , it makes infinite sense . 
  city centers are becoming too expensive , with far more jobs than affordable houses . 
  the ability to park a satellite city hundreds of miles away is simply too profitable . 
  the most expensive part will be buying access to the city and acquiring the land for the tube . 
  the rest will be cheap farmland . 
  but the most important aspect is that capital will flow into otherwise inexpensive land , multiplying the value of the acreage far beyond the purchase price . 
  much like railroads in the early industrial period of the us , it will not be the hyperloop itself which is profitable . 
  the gains will come from the land appreciation around the terminals where the hyperloop people will make their money , as satellite cities rob urban areas of their immense premium on real estate prices . 
  cheap capital has outstripped human mobility , and a balance is due soon . 
  parts of the eu are very pro-american , though . 
  it is n't fair to paint the whole eu with a broad brush . 
  look at the man in poland holding the us flag despite our abandonment of them at the end of ww2 . 
  i hope the people of europe get what the want and have a good outcome , eu or not . 
  this forum is n't representative imho . 
  if we were truly a simplistic people , we would n't exist today . 
  dismissive anti-americanism is not a complex philosophy . 
  the serbs are sensing the same shift in geopolitical order as everyone else . 
  they only lost the war due to nato intervention . 
  unfortunately for kosovo , there is no bill clinton to save them this time . 
  serbia knows this is the best time to gain territory . 
  all of this talk coming a week before the inauguration could n't be a coincidence . 
  this is not organic . 
  what did merkel to the us when we were caught spying on her ? 
  oh , well it sounds like their votes have been counted . 
  not sure what the problem is then . 
  how embarrassing . 
  did the gibraltarians get a vote ? 
  were n't the just outvoted ? 
  off the top of my head , i ca n't recall an instance like that since i started following politics in the mid 90s . 
   so we are basically a client state ? 
  no more than any other country where we have bases . 
  if your parliament voted tomorrow to kick troops out , we 'd leave . 
  nouri al-maliki terminated our agreement to stay in iraq and we withdrew by the end of the year , despite our desperate pleas to stay . 
  we also agreed to accept the decision of japan if they wanted us out . 
  trump would probably be delighted . 
  all any country need do is tell us to leave and we will . 
   while those comments expanded on doubts trump raised about the north atlantic treaty organization during his campaign , he reserved some of his most dismissive remarks for the eu and merkel , whose open-border refugee policy he called a `` catastrophic mistake . ''  brexit praise  in contrast , trump praised britons for voting last year to leave the eu . 
  people and countries want their own identity and do n't want outsiders to come in and `` destroy it . '' the u.k. is smart to leave the bloc because the eu `` is basically a means to an end for germany , '' bild cited trump as saying . 
   `` if you ask me , more countries will leave , '' he was quoted as saying . 
  holy shit . 
  the eu comments are openly hostile . 
  looks like he 's going to use us assets to take it down . 
  we 'll soon see how unified europe really is . 
  they 're getting hammered on both sides : putin on one , and brexit/us on the other . 
  i totally support this . 
  despite our differences , we have far more similarities , and we always get along in the end . 
  our peoples are roughly similar in prosperity . 
  most americans like brits and aussies and vice versa . 
  a limited union would be very nice . 
  edit - i 'd include singapore too . 
  imagine having the three crown jewels of global finance under one union . 
  in general , commodities have collapsed in price the last 5 years . 
  especially oil , on which canada is more reliant than almost anyone else , considering their cost to extract is much higher than most of the opec states . 
  it 's why governments like south africa and nigeria are failing . 
  we 're certainly not a country that relies on commodity exports . 
  canada is pretty stable and growing at 3.5 % . 
  which is about the same rate as the us . 
  things must have been really bad if that number is being celebrated . 
  imagine how powerful russia would be if they had something like a marshall plan . 
  china too . 
  yeah , we screwed them over . 
  especially when we had the nuclear bomb and nobody else did . 
  terrible decision . 
  love the poles . 
  walls in the us would work because we have armed border patrols on the border . 
  but since they are n't allowed to do their jobs properly and have no physical barrier to stop human movement , they are ineffective . 
  nah , it 's popcorn time . 
  that 's hard to believe , since there 's been no mass relocations of employees by banks .
