  brb applying for citizenship in lithuania, 
  she should work for the wall street journal . 
  that 's pretty damned good . 
  good . 
  putin is n't going to like that . 
  i 'm just watching her on mute . 
  still worth watching . 
  joking aside , eritrea definitely needs regime change . 
  it 's like africa 's version of north korea . 
  nor singapore , nor hong kong , nor macau , nor india ... africa had n't invented the wheel when european settlers first arrived . 
  these colonialism-obsessed people think we rolled in and wrecked some mythical african utopia like wakanda . 
  the medicines and farming techniques brought from european countries made their population explode , that 's how awful it was . 
   and the results are ? 
  empirically speaking , german children and grandchildren will pay higher taxes to support a population they never invited into the country . 
  also they will suffer a higher violent crime rate . 
   maybe your personal life is a mod making personal attacks against members ? 
  you 're an absolutely terrible debater for falling back on hissy fits when your view is challenged . 
  it 's a sign of your position 's inherent weakness because you can demonstrate no benefit from this immigration . 
  as we shift to automation for simple tasks , the migrants will merely add to the unemployed and benefit takers . 
   they are hardliners about valuing all human lives over your subjective sense of safety and convenience . 
  `` one of the great mistakes is to judge policies and programs by their intentions rather than their results . '' - milton friedman, 
  should they continue to rely on russia to prove to you how ethical they are ? 
   `` if i move to another country , they wo n't accept me . 
  i know several people who left latvia . 
  ** they all went to germany but none of them can work there ** , '' says mekharena . 
  so basically germany just imported a shitload of people who have to go on benefits to survive . 
  and since germany has the highest benefits , they will all end up in germany . 
  `` refugees welcome '' will go down in history as one of the most naive and moronic slogans of all time . 
  under catholic doctrine , levitical laws became irrelevant after jesus . 
  they believe jesus fulfilled the prophecy , making prior practices obsolete . 
  it 's the reason christians do n't have to keep kosher . 
  it was only a matter of time . 
   ll it needs is to destroy ukrainian air-force and air defences ( 2-3 days ) and then having air supremacy it can continue to bomb the shit out of ukraine until it finally decides that it had enough . 
  you 're assuming our congress would n't immediately arm them with stinger missiles . 
  if russia starts a hot war , prepare for ukraine to be flooded with advanced weaponry . 
  why deny them the name , and implied legitimacy , of the word `` marriage '' simply because they 're gay and not straight ? 
  one could argue that denying gay people equal rights is homophobic . 
  as there is no rational basis to do so other than prejudice . 
  organ harvesting of political dissidents , like the falun gong , [ where organs are removed while the patient is alive . 
  ] ( http://www.news.com.au/lifestyle/real-life/true-stories/the-reality-of-human-organ-harvesting-in-china/news-story/14d3aa5751c39d6639a1cc5b39f223b7 ) china is a barbaric state covered in a cheap knock off wrapper of civility . 
  that is n't condemnation . 
  they simply mention it in the article . 
  but you knew that . 
   quality media [ oh dear ] ( http://i66.tinypic.com/2u89la9.jpg ), 
  why does merkel get a pass on this ? 
  she was being lauded [ here in the us as the new `` leader of the free world '' . 
  ] ( https://timedotcom.files.wordpress.com/2015/01/timemagazine_poy_cover_750.jpg ) now , not a peep of condemnation from the times , the post , or anyone . 
  these are publications that are normally quick to condemn marriage inequality as homophobia . 
  did / r/europe already do a lakes of europe ? 
  ca n't remember . 
  that would be nice . 
  people want to know why china is fighting over uninhabitable little islands . 
  that 's why . 
  those little islands give you up to 125663 square miles of ownership of the bottom of the sea . 
   people have been saying things to that effect for a very long time . 
  yes , because in the past technological advancements could n't think for themselves . 
  farm machinery could n't operate itself , and factory processes still needed human hands . 
  the new era is different for one reason : they can think now . 
  cars can drive themselves , calculating risks and optimal routes along the way . 
  the newest bartender in vegas , for instance , [ are robots ] ( https://www.cnet.com/news/vegas-welcomes-tipsy-robot-bar-staffed-by-robots/ ) . 
  and it only takes one human now to stand there and ensure that the machine does n't malfunction . 
  [ amazon go supermarkets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrmmk1myrxc ) do n't need checkers , you just walk out and the machine does the thinking and handles the digital money . 
  these jobs are going the way of the dinosaur . 
  an illiterate man from eritrea , who ca n't speak german , has absolutely no future in the west . 
  he 's already being replaced and he does n't even know it yet . 
  germany is importing lifelong welfare recipients because all they have to offer are strong backs and work ethic . 
  machines make those traits irrelevant . 
   if you believe in the idea of free market capitalism , then as long as a person is gainfully employed they are on average contributing more to society than taking that has been the model , but automation and robotics will decrease the number of menial jobs per year . 
  adding extra unskilled laborers is now detrimental . 
  what will happen when the number of fast food jobs , for instance , are halved by kiosks and robotic food preparers ? 
  the era of an extra unskilled pair of hands adding to the economy are over . 
  those people are n't eligible for citizenship , though . 
  they 're slaves until they 're of no use to the regime , then they get shipped back or simply disappear . 
  also , `` thrive '' means that they have oil . 
  once the oil runs out , those countries will be as chaotic and impoverished as all of their oil-poor neighbors . 
  few of them have skills or professions , they survive on oil royalties . 
  but most of the migrants are n't refugees , they 're economic migrants . 
  and the war in libya , the current major entry point to europe , was n't started by us . 
  we entered it only upon request by two major eu nations . 
  we fucked up many things , do n't get me wrong , but libya and africa in general was n't one of them . 
  should we send our navy to physically stop your ngos from picking up migrants on libya 's shores ? 
   explain to me why it 's ever good to live on credit . 
  you borrow for a home that appreciates 2x over 10 years , you 've built 100 % equity over the borrowed sum . 
  borrowing is n't always bad if the risk-reward is calculated accurately . 
  and if you 're borrowing to start a business , you can multiply your wealth far more . 
  see : silicon valley . 
  the whole thing was built on borrowed money in the form of equity . 
  if we applied what you 've inferred , ie a `` never live on credit '' mentality , many of our most lucrative industries would n't exist . 
  this ca n't be . 
  surely not angela `` leader of the free world '' merkel ? 
  wonder if the bbc/ny times/wapo will brush it under the rug . 
   most diplomats in brussels dismiss the importance of the three seas project , co-hosted by croatia , but are wary over trump 's high-profile visit to participate in a project one senior eu official called poland 's push towards ** `` self-ghettoisation '' . 
  you have a point . 
  realistically , should n't the wealthier countries do the most in rebuilding aleppo ? 
  i 've seen pictures of rural poles , and it 's sort of weird to think that poland will fund the rebuild aleppo before helping farmers using horse-drawn carriages delivering coal and scythes in fields . 
  pray that trump can find europe on a map . 
  they were painted broomhandles . 
  much more effective than normal broomhandles . 
  but google is what makes the phone fast . 
  those algorithms and the spiffy google servers are what make our connection to the www so fast and efficient .
