  is this speculation or what ? 
   johannes pinnel , a spokesman for the regional court in wuppertal , outlined the court 's decision in a statement . 
  three german palestinians sought to torch the wuppertal synagogue with molotov cocktails in july , 2014 . 
  the local wuppertal court panel said in its 2015 decision that the three men wanted to draw `` attention to the gaza conflict '' with israel . 
  ** the court deemed the attack not to be motivated by antisemitism . 
  ** wow . 
  the other thread was hidden . 
  why ? 
  that 's what it seems like . 
  as if the media panicked when a serious proposal for a wall came up , so they rose up globally to illogically deny their effectiveness . 
  the gdr not surviving is irrelevant . 
  exactly . 
  the wall was , in fact , effective , which i believe was her point in the first place . 
  walls are effective to stop movement between places , whether it 's 1950s germany , 2000s israel or 2016 hungary . 
  i have no idea where this idea came from that walls are ineffective . 
   as for the jews they hate them because israel ... 
  while israel no doubt exacerbates the problem , the jews are n't unique in how they 're targeted . 
  look at the way hindus , christians and yazidis are treated in their countries . 
  they hate anyone who is n't their sect and have ethnically cleansed minority groups from the whole region . 
  every non-sunni group experiences the same thing : second-class status and violent attacks until they 're all dead or fled . 
  excellent post . 
  also i 'd like to mention the financial support the uk gets from its tax havens . 
  so much money is funneled through london . 
  plus the merchant princes of wall street like london due to the language and ease of travel compared to switzerland or germany . 
  not a fan of banks myself , but i challenge anyone to find a time in history when restricting capital movement was a good idea . 
  it usually stifles economies and contributes to bank failures , and that 's the last thing the eu needs right now . 
  long past time . 
  well done , hungary . 
  hope he 's utterly ruthless with these immigration pimps and money launderers . 
  it wo n't even matter if they are . 
  they simply need to claim it at a deportation hearing and it will delay proceedings xx months or some shit . 
  this is becoming game playing ; basically any twisted logic to keep as many refugees as possible . 
  trump publicly criticized a sitting president over the `` back of the queue '' comments , in reference to punishing britain by withholding a trade deal if they brexited . 
  he 's put his foot down saying there will be no consequences for a brexit . 
  trump already claims he knows more than the generals do and openly disregards their advice . 
  i feel like the writer does n't know much about american politics . 
  this is going absolutely nowhere . 
   that 's insanity . 
  that 's hegemony . 
   among the countries seeking to exploit the potential reshuffle is france , the times reported , claiming paris sent an unofficial ** delegation to washington last autumn to convince us officials ** that french armed forces were better placed than their british counterparts to be america 's special ally in europe after brexit . 
  could have saved yourself the time writing this article , telegraph . 
  obama 's leaving in a little over a week . 
  whatever was negotiated is now largely meaningless . 
  also , why would american generals/politicians care about brexit ? 
  seriously , they do n't give a shit . 
   this subreddit is central right then it comes to immigration . 
  and very right when it comes to mena refugees . 
  that tends to happen when those immigrants and their descendants run trucks over european children . 
  impressive numbers from czechia and slovakia . 
  even more impressive from macedonia . 
  i 'm confused . 
  is this a setback m5s ? 
  seems weird that a political party would stake their reputation on a move that falls apart within hours . 
  this is a dangerous proposition for both sides , both pro-eu and anti-eu . 
  if britain remains in the single market , both sides can debate whether future booms/busts are caused by the single market or other forces . 
  if britain leaves and its economy fails , it will weaken anti-eu sentiment . 
  on the other hand , god help the eu if britain implements policies that help it grow faster than the continent . 
  every anti-eu politician across europe will hold up that success as a blueprint for exits from the union . 
  but you ca n't extradite . 
  extradition only works if the crime in germany is a crime in the united states . 
  go ahead and put the extradition papers through , it will be instantly denied by the us , which is why germany does n't bother prosecuting american citizens for speech crimes . 
  also , whoever is downvoting does n't understand how the law works . 
   an american citizen who posts material on the internet that is illegal in a foreign country could be prosecuted if he subjected himself to the jurisdiction of that country or of another country whose extradition laws would allow for his arrest and deportation . 
  however , under american law , the united states will not extradite a person for engaging in a constitutionally protected activity even if that activity violates a criminal law elsewhere . 
  http://archive.adl.org/issue_combating_hate/10faq_print.html the breitbart writers would have to voluntarily enter germany and subject themselves to european law . 
  otherwise there 's fuck all anyone can do . 
  what does an american website have to do with german law ? 
  if it 's published in the us and the site has no presence in germany , and no assets in germany , then it is beyond european or german law . 
  german law does n't supersede the first amendment from a publisher on us soil . 
  only companies that take ad revenue in germany like facebook are subject . 
  also , the fire in a crowded theater scenario was overturned . 
  this is yet another myth of us constitutional law that never seems to die . 
  russia will no doubt exploit this . 
  it 's going to get bad , is n't it ? 
  edit - why the downvotes ? 
  it seems like an obvious vulnerability . 
   maybe you should place more trust in people who spent a lot of their life studying and enriching their minds that 's just an appeal to authority . 
  you seem to believe in their opinion without seeking any understanding of economics . 
  experts are frequently wrong ; you could write a book about how wrong they were in 2016 . 
  blindly believing in them is not a sign of intelligence . 
  look at my pokemissiles guys . 
  please allow me to explain my position so i do n't look like a mindless ideologue . 
  no matter what brexit compromise is ultimately negotiated , the uk will still trade with mainland europe . 
  tariffs will be kept at minimal or non-existent levels due to the wto rules . 
  britain already said they will work for an accommodation so that eu workers can stay . 
  eu tax avoidance schemes are run through the netherlands and ireland , not the uk , as the uk 's rate is actually higher than many other eu countries . 
  it 's like when the pound was declining , those of us who take an interest in economic theory were shouting from the rooftops `` a cheap currency is good for exports/tourism and therefore your economy ! '', 
  but we were drowned out by a cacophony of doomsayers predicting the economy would collapse with the currency , which has no basis whatsoever in reality . 
  i see nothing logically that should impair growth . 
  would love to read someone who can explain why these systems should fail . 
  people keep saying this but ca n't explain to me how britain 's economy will collapse . 
  i kept hearing that capital would flee after the vote , yet it 's staying put and nothing indicates otherwise ( except the monthly threats by banks to move , which so far have n't materialized ) to convince me , put it in macroeconomic terms . 
  i understand that . 
  i do n't understand `` trust us , we 're experts , it will happen because we say so . '', 
  that 's how we keep crime down . 
  our neighbors to the south , who do n't imprison as many people , are the most violent countries on earth . 
  go look at the homicide rates in central america , they 're higher than anywhere else on earth . 
  people think we 're this great evil who likes to imprison our citizens . 
  we imprison them because we have a lot of violent offenders . 
   the solution to violence ?
