  post it . 
  the stream of migrants will continue for eternity . 
  that 's the so-called `` solution '', 
   i mean you accuse them of weaponizing thing but your are litterally placing aircraft carrier in their water whose waters ? 
  they do n't have a legitimate government, 
  could you change your constitution so it 's not suicidal ? 
  how hard would that be ? 
  ( in america it 's nearly impossible ), 
  you park destroyers and aircraft carriers off the coast and forcefully repatriate them . 
  weaponizing refugees should be considered a hostile action . 
  if libya ca n't patrol their coast , you have every justification to do it for them . 
   it is a real problem happening now . 
  do you not care the slightest about what is happening in italy and greece ? 
  they probably stopped caring when your politicians allow ferry boats to take migrants from libya and relocate them to europe . 
  you can stop it by barring those boats from operating . 
  i do n't get it . 
  would n't the members of v4 themselves block individual votes against other v4 members ? 
  sanctions are on a case-by-case basis and require unanimity . 
  czech republic sounds better tho, 
  they also create jobs . 
  so many entrepreneurs who hire their own , obviating the need for public assistance . 
  good spouses too . 
  so many intermarry it 's really a benefit for us . 
  i ca n't think of a net downside to vietnamese . 
  they 're like the `` set it , and forget it '' immigrant community . 
  just give them a run-down area in your country and they 'll find a way to revitalize it . 
   cocktails : 7 to 10 $ god i wish the west coast us was near europe . 
  just got back from waikiki pint : $ 7 cocktail : $ 12 - $ 15 entree : $ 20 ( cheap ) $ 30 ( normal ) $ 1.11 = 1 $ is n't portugal really cheap ? 
  looks fun too . 
  bulgarian coast also looks neat . 
  it 's not . 
  we get lots of great doctors and engineers out of it . 
  they 're an immigrant group which paid dividends on our decision to let them come . 
  when europeans/americans believed that taking refugees was the right and smart thing to do , merkel/obama had no problem welcoming them . 
  now that it 's dawning on them the immense cost in money and blood , they want others to take these people . 
  they want other , far poorer countries to suffer the fiscal strain , and they want the mangled bodies to be polish and not british/france/german / american . 
  hard to think of a bigger `` fuck you '' than asking the citizens of other countries to die for our immigration policy mistakes . 
  they made wise choices , and we lambasted them for it . 
  we made our bed , now we die in it . 
  the biggest problem you 'll have with vietnamese is them dominating your university slots , as they do in california . 
  by the second generation they 're indistinguishable from their countrymen . 
   why should i pay them money to solve their problems ? 
  it 's the modern , patriarchal neo-liberal equivalent of the [ `` white man 's burden '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_white_man%27s_burden ) . 
  any country of european descent is now required to pay for the failures of the third world , regardless of whether they themselves are poor , even if they have no colonial ties to said countries . 
  asian countries who are far wealthier will not be asked to contribute to this hopeless endeavor . 
  go along with it or prepare for sanctions from the countries that fucked up by adopting a `` refugees welcome '' policy . 
   czarnecki , who hails from poland 's conservative law and justice ( pis ) party , said terrorist attacks were often carried out by children of `` islamic migrants '' -- many of them citizens of european countries -- who were trained by the so-called islamic state . 
   `` other countries have led to a situation in which those trained on islamic state territory in syria , iraq -- young people with french , belgian , dutch , british , german citizenship -- return to europe ... and somehow [ the authorities ] were incapable of monitoring them , '' czarnecki said . 
   `` we , poland , are learning from the mistakes of others ... and we will not open our doors to islamic migrants , '' he added . 
  clearly it 's time to sanction poland for refusing to take so many outstanding refugees . 
  who would n't want to balkani - errr , diversify their country ? 
  good enough for usa , singapore and china , not good enough for greece ? 
  the terrorism is only a smaller but significant part . 
  it colors the opinions of talented people and businesses executives , who have their pick about where they locate their businesses . 
  the most significant issue is fiscal . 
  as workers lose their jobs to automation and advanced ai , millions of people without skills , education or prospects will move to we for jobs that will no longer exist . 
  anger and violence will escalate , no-go zones will expand , the tax burden on the smaller pool of workers will be excessive . 
  many will leave but it 's more difficult to get into canada/us . 
  switzerland and ee will take on large numbers of people wanting to escape this mess . 
  i see no logical escape from this inevitability . 
  i invested in amazon in 2008 . 
  did n't think retail would survive . 
  my 401k is doing well . 
  this prediction is 1000x easier than that one because it 's already happened in the us . 
  we 've seen numerous communities drained of their taxpayers due to high taxes and violence . 
  europe will take longer due to the less developed ee and language barriers , but it is nevertheless inevitable so long as ee 's moderate but steady growth continues and english becomes more prevalent . 
  climate refugees wo n't stop , therefore the social services of we will cost more and ultimately collapse when the tax base flees . 
  terrorism wo n't end . 
  negative demographic trends against the ancestral peoples of europe wo n't end . 
  what pretzel logic sees this ending well ? 
  what does that have to do with my long-term prediction ? 
  today ? 
  sure . 
  but western europe is only beginning the long voyage to balkanization . 
  in 30 or 40 years of relatively uninterrupted ee growth , without the fiscal strain and constant attacks experienced in the west , it 's easy to envision a future where ee is more attractive . 
  edit - same downvoters who punished anyone for predicting that refugees would be a bad idea . 
  do you ever get tired of being wrong ? 
  ultimately , long-term , the descendants of many of the people disparaging poland will be moving there when western europe becomes unattractive . 
  constant violence + fiscal strain of social services from unending refugee flows are inescapable under current policies . 
  we even have a model for this . 
  look at how northern ireland was starved of investment due to companies being unwilling to locate there during the ira terrorism . 
  same thing will happen to western capitals . 
  greece should focus on casinos too . 
  nevada gets by with few taxes on residents because tourists and casino profits pay the taxes . 
  yeah but they never really integrated . 
  are n't they still largely living segregated from society ? 
  was joking . 
  i know they 're gypsies , just funny that they look mediterranean and do n't look typically polish at all, 
  that is because we never had multi-core processors running advanced ai before . 
  machines were unintelligent . 
  not so , now . 
   true , the constructions are a little lacking in character ; the notes ' designers were told to depict generic examples rather than specific structures to avoid offending countries whose splendours might be overlooked . 
  how unimaginative . 
  i would have printed one landmark for each member state , and released them only in those states . 
  that way if you see schonbrunn you know it came from austria . 
  should n't be hard to find at least one for each . 
   she seems to have no hobbies and few interests , aside from her pursuit of money and power . 
  ouch, 
  the more competition , the better . 
  i think they 're about two decades too late , as amazon has set its sights on taking over groceries .
