a guarantee like that is essential but also paralytic . 
  rarely will all member states agree to a war . 
  so the eu will have an army that is almost never used except in cases so dire it forces consensus . 
  and only in reaction to crises , proactive action will be very difficult . 
  the institutions you talked about are already broken . 
  let 's take international mechanisms to stop senseless slaughter . 
  russia , the gulf states and the us ignore these rules in syria . 
  nothing happens . 
  saudi uses us weaponry to slaughter their religious rivals in yemen . 
  nada happens because they buy their way into un committees . 
  what i 'm saying is , trump is a result of the breakdown that has already occurred . 
  the elites thought they could control countries by pitting groups against one another and it 's just not working anymore . 
  people are beginning to see the man behind the curtain . 
  the message from the declining middle class is clear : remove the man or we burn down the palace . 
  the elites will either listen or voters will pull a samson and pull everything down on our heads . 
  good . 
  i 'm tired of the proxy war in syria . 
  russia can have it . 
  if i lived in europe , i would n't . 
  americans still have us military protection . 
  in 4 months , europe ... well , who knows ? 
  trump is n't very predictable . 
  1 ) i said immigration tipped the scale for leave , not that it was the biggest issue in the brexit campaign . 
  the refugee crisis began and then the poll numbers started shifting . 
  the same downvoters who are slamming me now were slamming me back when i was saying the refugees would become a toxic issue . 
  this has become so ideological in europe , and even in this forum , that there is no reconciliation between the ee/ce countries and the western countries . 
  you are in diametrically opposing positions : the ee wanting to avoid the problem population that western europe welcomed , and western europe desperately wanting to socialize the problem eu-wide to mitigate the negative aspects of these new populations . 
  it was the thought that some day these immigrants and/or their descendants would gain eu citizenship , which would mean that britain could n't keep them out . 
  also those who would sneak over . 
  3 ) obviously consensus does n't exist , else junker 's white paper would n't have included 5 options on the way to go forward . 
  the reaction here just reinforces my view that there is no willpower to face these issues realistically . 
  these people will just bury their heads in the sand while chanting `` more federalism '' like a mantra that can fix everything . 
  downvote all you want , this will 100 % happen if you continue on this course . 
  i agree , it will be the right choice . 
  the eu is a great idea , and would be a universally acclaimed had it avoided a common currency and adopted a strong border policy . 
  unfortunately it got too bogged down in the negative aspects of non-eu immigration and does n't really know what it wants to be . 
  if some revolutionary leader comes along and solves three issues , the brits will regret leaving , but these are big issues . 
  1 ) immigration . 
  the sole issue that tipped the scales for leave . 
  an eu-wide comprehensive australian-style deal with a country like tunisia would mostly solve the problem , but the politicians seem unwilling to even attempt a fix . 
  a solution relying on erdogan is worse than a house built on sand . 
  redistributing refugees will be a centrifugal force that will ultimately tear it apart , especially when larger states begin to fail and send huge numbers of refugees , like pakistan , ethiopia or nigeria . 
  2 ) the hardest one to solve : economic disparity between northern and southern states . 
  short of a fiscal union and direct wealth transfers similar to how the us works , i have no idea how to solve this issue . 
  the long-term corrosive effects wo n't be as emotional as the immigration issue , yet there is no apparent solution . 
  the single currency practically guarantees disparity , with large exporters gaining at the expense of their poorer southern neighbors , who will be stuck in eternal poverty . 
  3 ) consensus on what the eu wants to be . 
  does it want to be a loose union or a federalized state ? 
  the so-called `` two speed eu '' idea is a poison pill almost as damaging as the immigration redistribution issue . 
  if the periphery states feel like second-class citizens , that will almost certainly lead to political gridlock similar to what we have in the us . 
  without these questions answered , i 'd say the british made the right decision . 
  they will definitely lose global influence and maybe some economic power , but will avoid the calamitous political instability that is inevitable due to these problems . 
  you do n't have to stay . 
  please emigrate , for the sake of the rest of us who actually care about the country . 
  i 'm not afraid . 
  let 's end the false narrative that anyone who wants immigration reform is somehow fearful . 
  sweden did absolutely nothing . 
  the conflict in syria was caused when climate change triggered an historic drought , which led to crop failures in rural areas , pushing hungry populations into cities , resulting in ethnic conflicts due to scarcity of resources . 
  ultimately leading to the arab spring uprising against assad . 
  http://www.pbs.org/newshour/making-sense/a-major-contributor-to-the-syrian-conflict-climate-change/ this will repeat over and over again . 
  there is now drought and crop failure in sudan and somalia , which the west had nothing to do with . 
  it will keep happening , and conflicts will result . 
  we ca n't take all these people . 
  i empathize with them too . 
  i just do n't want to bring them all west . 
  i think they need to find solutions in their own countries . 
  every time a state fails , we ca n't be the safe space to which millions and ultimately billions of people will inevitably retreat . 
  these regions need to find stability for themselves , they ca n't all live here . 
  empathy for others must be balanced against rationality and empathy for ourselves . 
  empathy is n't always rational . 
  sometimes you 've got to take actions that feel icky to create a world worth living in . 
  if we empathized with every person from a conflict zone and brought them west , our societies would fall and we 'd destroy everything we 've built . 
  have empathy for people who were just cut in half by a truck . 
  well , then you 'd be an example of the old saying that parents often use : `` would you jump off a bridge if your friends did it ? '', 
  you jumped . 
  for the sake of your nation , make better decisions next time . 
  because women are second-class citizens under this ideology , which is why girls in sweden are sitting in the back of the bus . 
  the most indelible mental image i have of that insane time period was two women standing with those signs , with cheshire cat grins on their faces like they just won the lottery . 
  yay for my own oppression !, 
  no , but the good friday agreement was seen as an acceptable compromise . 
  and peace was had . 
  you ca n't find peace with isis . 
  the ira had political goals that were solved with a political solution . 
  isis demands that all infidels submit to their rule and convert to islam , die or pay the dhimmi tax . 
  how do you compromise with that ? 
   the priority at this stage , he added , was to pursue diplomatic talks to try to reach a united nations security council resolution on syria . 
  how would this end any differently than the 58583832949 resolutions that russia vetoed ? 
  i loathe the idea of putting any boots on the ground , but bombing an evacuated airport is hardly iraq part 2 . 
  why do you think that we 're special in comparison to every other non-islamic society that has encountered this faith ? 
  india , israel , russia , lebanon , philippines , nigeria , sudan . 
  every single one is now a conflict region between one faith and all the others . 
  hell , they had to be driven out of europe in iberia , italy and the balkans by force . 
  your virtue wo n't save you . 
  you are n't more special than the hindus , buddhists , jews , coptic christians , and yazidis just because you 're white or european . 
  you will suffer the same fate . 
  can i ask what makes you so confident that we wo n't end up the same way as everyone else ? 
  are we just special ? 
  reclassify it a political ideology , which it is . 
  stop spreading the false narrative that it 's peaceful despite islamic countries being the most intolerant and conflict-ridden on the globe . 
  restrict its practice to the maximum extent allowed by the law , then put whatever remains under total state control .
