  that does n't make sense . 
  schulz himself said that refugees bring something more valuable than gold . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/5q9bc0/german_candidate_for_chancellor_martin_schultz_on/ so why send all this gold raining from the sky to other countries ? 
  he should be held to this statement every time he makes demands of other countries . 
  if i had my way , bush , cheney , rumsfeld and the rest would be in chains at the hague . 
  but they were a long time ago , and obama expanded many of those programs , like drone strikes and data collection . 
  each president successively expands deadly programs and erodes privacy rights , trump will be no different . 
  hopefully the disastrous proxy wars will finally end . 
  regardless , can you explain why we never saw protests anywhere near this big when muslim families were being wiped out by drones ? 
  why is denying entry to people from 6 muslim countries far more offensive than killing muslims ? 
  i was n't the first to ask this , stole it from [ this guy ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zdmysr6h.jpg ), 
  probably because they 're our largest arms purchaser . 
  and if we ever destabilized saudi arabia , god only knows what regime would emerge to replace them . 
  what us law are they citing as their criticism ? 
  i find it strange that selling arms to saudis who kill muslim civilians in wars like yemen spark no widespread protest , and the droning of innocents by obama incited no diplomatic outcry . 
  yet the denial of entry to the us is a greater offense to these protesters and world leaders than muslims actually dying . 
  the proposed wall on our southern border sparked more outrage than all the thousands killed in our proxy wars . 
  all of which leads me to believe this outcry is bullshit . 
  it 's an emotional reaction by the left to trump , not a logical objection . 
  if you were willing to march for muslim immigration rights , why were you silent for 8 years when their children were being vaporized by hellfire missiles ? 
  may is caught between a rock and a hard place . 
  canceling the visit could jeopardize relations , as trump takes those types of actions very personally . 
  they do n't really have a choice . 
  they need all the capital they can get to offset the hysteria about banks abandoning london . 
  these are crucial moments and may is showing herself to be the pragmatic leader britain needs , even if she is n't what most british people view as ideal . 
  and whose army will bring him to this tribunal ? 
   you would be more of a liability than an asset as a state . 
  london is the only capital of finance and culture that can rival nyc . 
  if we controlled both , it would give us a near monopoly in global finance . 
  they have the only universities more prestigious than our top institutions . 
  we would have a european state surrounded by a moat with oil under the sea , protected by one of the world 's best militaries and intelligence services . 
  dude ... 
   the logic is not that hard to understand . 
  in the 28-nation union the uk had equal say with the others . 
   with the us they will be a tiny partner . 
  canada is tiny compared to the eu , and you two just concluded trade negotiations . 
  are they vassals of the eu ? 
  this all sounds like brexit politics rather than geopolitics . 
  nobody called australia vassals when they signed a free trade deal with us . 
  they would have around 90 electoral votes . 
  our politics is split so evenly that they would tip the balance to whatever they desired on just about every issue . 
  while britain is far from united politically , they are definitely united against many things that are controversial in our country , like health care and gun laws . 
  they would quite easily be the deciding vote with so many house seats , not to mention whichever president is elected would be politically dependent on britain 's electoral votes . 
  i ca n't foresee a scenario where the presidential candidate favored by britain does n't win . 
  hell , even the democrats would be terrified . 
  imagine how many bernie supporters would defect to parties like labour and lib-dem over what they view as a corporate democratic party . 
  actually it would lead to a political revolution in this country , ditching the political duopoly that has a stranglehold on our nation . 
  by contrast , how many brits would be interested in republicans and democrats ? 
  few , if any . 
  our parties are the laughing stock of the world . 
  the republicans would never agree in any case . 
  britain would be the tail that wags the dog , with nearly as much voting power as california and texas combined . 
  brits collectively would decide all of our policies , our president , and the house would be totally under their control . 
  and they definitely do n't want our broken healthcare system , along with all the other things you mention . 
  it 's a glorious power wank fantasy , but it wo n't happen any time soon . 
  how are the uk suddenly our vassals ? 
  how strange . 
  when they were part of the eu , which gave brussels legal authority above british law in some areas , only the far right characterized this as vassalage . 
  but when may tries to get a simple trade deal with us , now the left considers them vassals ? 
  how did they go from independent in a 28-nation union to vassalage as an independent country trying to make a trade deal ? 
  macron merely adopts the brexit crowd 's most hyperbolic language . 
  these numbers are scary . 
  if the citizens of these countries are n't willing to fight for their own homeland , there is n't a hope in hell that they 'll fight for an ee nato ally . 
   the famous chlorine chicken example : the us will push hard to allow it in the uk , while it 's forbidden in the eu . 
  it 's also 20 % cheaper than our chicken . 
  so now uk farmers either have to change nothing and compete with much cheaper chicken , or use chlorine too which means they can not export it to the eu any more ( or do both which adds costs ) . 
  as a simple example . 
  without having my head torn off for my ignorance , why is washing chickens this way bad ? 
  i also heard the eu prohibits washing of eggs , and that this is a major issue between the us and the eu/uk . 
  does n't that make the eggs dirty ? 
  pence is also a religious nutter , whereas trump only pretends to believe in god . 
  if pence came to power , he would be more of an evangelical protestant pope than a president . 
  few in congress have the appetite to own that disaster . 
  i disagree . 
  illegal crossing were around a quarter million last year , and that 's assuming you believe the estimates . 
  each one of those people , every baby they have , will cost thousands . 
  a live birth in a hospital costs tens of thousands of dollars . 
  we 're going to save a lot of money long-term , especially avoiding excess laborers and related social costs that we wo n't need in an age of automation . 
  sorry , but just like so many other things in the last 2 years , the left is wrong on this . 
  the pro-immigration crowd has been thoroughly discredited and nobody should listen to what they say . 
   it 's such a statistically insignificant number that this wall is a complete mismanagement of resources . 
   we 'll find out once it 's built . 
  even if the wall costs $ 30bn , the highest end of projections , it is almost immaterial in a $ 3.8 tr federal budget . 
  ah , that logic . 
  therefore we must not build a wall so that even more people can violate immigration law , amirite ? 
  lol no, 
  i would be 100 % for that . 
  unfortunately so many of our businesses use tax laws on royalties to shift income to low-tax/no-tax jurisdictions . 
  so the jobs leave and we do n't even get a cut of the profits from cost saving . 
  bernie also opposed it . 
  hillary was the only one who would n't kill it with fire on day 1 . 
  so the solution is to reduce sentences of felons and let them prey on the populace ? 
  as if sociopaths do n't exist . 
  modern research is showing that the tabula rasa assumptions were completely wrong , and that even trauma like ptsd is coded in dna . 
  there is no us . 
  reddit cognoscenti were so utterly , embarrassingly wrong on so many things in the last two years , getting downvotes is probably the best indicator that one is correct . 
  we imprison 10x as many because we have many more criminals . 
  it 's endemic to the americas south of canada , from the us down to argentina . 
  those countries in between have the highest homicide rates in the world . 
  it 's no surprise that we have more criminals than you .
