  what 's the point of android without google ? 
  google 's technology is the entire reason for android to exist . 
  what 's the alternative to having google search in android ? 
  you either do n't put any search at all on the phone , or you put dozens/hundreds of competitors ' app shortcuts that clutter the phone . 
  90 % of customers are looking for the google search app anyway , they do n't want to scroll through dozens of search engines they 've never heard of before , and all other engines are two clicks away in the playstore . 
  it 's gone beyond immigration . 
  [ human traffickers are keeping slave markets . 
  ] ( http://time.com/4538445/libyas-migrant-economy-is-a-modern-day-slave-market/ )  all of which sets the stage for what libya is today : a trading floor for african lives . 
  since gaddafi 's demise , no coherent government has taken control of the country . 
  the political void has been filled by armed groups -- including islamists affiliated with isis and al qaeda -- competing for territory . 
  but in terms of economics , libya has devolved into a primitive state . 
  in addition to oil , it now trades in humans . 
   `` i came to libya to document the migrant crisis , the humanitarian crisis of migrants trying to reach europe through libyan territory , '' says narciso contreras , an acclaimed photojournalist who made three trips to the country this year . 
  `` but actually what i found going in libya is a market . '', 
  -------------------------------- click the link . 
  photographic evidence that black africans are being kept in cages and slave pits . 
  slavers and human traffickers deserve nothing but death . 
  reapers can loiter in the air for 23 hours fully loaded and cover 1000 nautical miles . 
  the traffickers would be ruined . 
  you could even launch them from malta . 
  [ this gon na be good ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/golhjx5cwqthk/giphy.gif ), 
  would n't they stop if they knew they were going to die ? 
  also i 've been assured on this forum that the traffickers will attack the migrants if they return to shore . 
  two birds , one stone . 
  what would be wrong with allowing the migrants into the water , then firing on human traffickers when the migrants are a safe distance away ? 
  follow these ngos and frontex ships with italian navy , launch predator drone , vaporize human traffickers . 
  what would be the profit motive in human trafficking if it 's a death sentence ? 
  then just drop the migrants back off where they came from . 
  you 're already violating libya 's territorial waters by picking them up anyway . 
  we 've been spying on merkel for years and we got caught a while back . 
  we claimed to have ended it , but with the nsa , data monitoring is undetectable now . 
  every nation with the capability is doing it . 
  not only would they be incentivizing runaway reproduction for people who have no way to make a decent living , you 'd be encouraging anyone seeking benefits to pick germany at all costs . 
  crazy . 
  so the eu 's plan is to force migrants into these countries ? 
  even though the migrants do n't want to go , and the local people clearly despise them to the point of attacking them on sight ? 
  something tells me the redistribution scheme wo n't work out . 
  you mean future european arm of anglo union ? 
  you know how cool a place is when they can just call it the city and everyone knows what that means . 
  so many skyscrapers coming too . 
  i 'll miss it when it 's a clone of manhattan . 
  i examined the photo closely , and yes , you 're correct . 
   if alcohol is haram in islam , why does it flow like a river in uae . 
  because apostasy is punished by death or imprisonment in most of the islamic world . 
  many break their rules because they are muslims in name only out of fear . 
  test out your theory . 
  go to saudi arabia , protest for gay rights , and see how malleable they are lmao, 
  what 's the over/under on months until this mosque is attacked ? 
  i just hope they survive a year . 
  real change is rare enough in this religion . 
  you come on an american site and complain americans are here ? 
  i think for $ 11bn there would be a lot of north african countries eager . 
  unlike turkey , which is the only non-eu country in their region , you 'd have some bargaining power . 
  egypt , algeria and morocco might not mind the money either . 
  even if tunisia extorted you for a few billion more , it would still be far cheaper than paying multi-generational welfare to the new arrivals . 
  turkey did it for $ 2bn a year , and they 're much larger than tunisia or algeria . 
  the refugees are largely coming by boat now . 
  europe has more than enough money , far more than australia , to bribe some struggling north african country to build a detention center to discourage immigrants . 
  tunisia , for example , has only $ 11bn in government revenues and a shortfall of about $ 1.5 bn . 
  if every european country chipped in a mere $ 392m per year , you could effectively double their budget and give them an enormous surplus . 
  find me a country on earth that would n't double their budget to house a few thousand economic migrants ( as australia shows , the numbers plummet after it becomes obvious nobody will make it to their destination ) . 
  and who will travel a thousand miles from eritrea and pay a human trafficker a large sum to make it to tunisia ? 
  it 's foolproof , which is why politicians and ngos hate it . 
  in australia , offshoring boat arrivals did stop people from coming . 
  [ boat arrivals dropped by 99 % after their pacific solution was implemented in 2001 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_solution#/media/file:boatarrivals.gif ) . 
  they wo n't bother to come if they know they 'll end up in a processing camp away from europe . 
  so point 5 is incorrect . 
   as long as europe buys gas from russia we are dependant . 
  the pipeline simply cuts the middleman and makes the supply more reliable . 
   the ukraine and poland have no god given right to get a cut of the gas price germany pays . 
  germany has no god-given right to have our military bases stationed in their country for 70 years at exorbitant cost , yet we did it anyway to stabilize europe . 
  letting russia cut pipeline deals bypassing eastern europe gives putin the ability to cut off gas against individual states , allowing him to coerce them . 
  it also destabilizes ukraine . 
  if their government ever collapses , millions will flee to europe and putin will have carte blanche in ukraine . 
  if we see everything in terms of money , it 's a weakness that putin will exploit . 
  do n't come crying to us when the eu is no more because you allowed putin to hopelessly divide it . 
  it 's his ultimate goal , why empower him ? 
  croatia truly is blessed with natural beauty . 
  ee mentality = pointing out the hypocrisy of criticizing poland for harming european solidarity while building the nordstream pipeline . 
  this just wo n't do . 
  we tried this in the us , it does n't work . 
  all you 'll have is fewer , more expensive homes because people are priced out of them . 
   macron wants to change the posted workers directive to reduce wage competition between eu countries so macron wants to send those jobs to china ? 
  because they are n't going back to france , not with french labor laws or high wages . 
  religion or cynically legislating higher birthrates ? 
  either way , bad move . 
  wait a minute , this ca n't be right-wing government \u2713 fiscal responsibility \u2713 responsible immigration \u2713  legal marijuana wait what ? 
   significant social spending commitments ??? 
   a crackdown on tax avoidance ?!, 
  this is n't how right-wing works in my country . 
  can a pole help me understand this ? 
  yeah . 
  but we 're blessed with an ocean between us and africa . 
  no land bridge means we get to cherry pick the best . 
  we disproportionately grant visas to doctors , engineers and more gifted college students ( h1b ) . 
  essentially it 's an iq test to weed out the no hope types who would be willing to throw their lives away . 
  europe gets stuck with whoever has strong enough legs to walk/float to europe . 
  just skip to recreational . 
  once you have medicinal , it 's inevitable anyway . 
  i like musk and all , but he ca n't predict when we 'll have effective shielding against cosmic background radiation .
