  they are the worst hombres this side of isis, 
  eli5 : what is wielpolska and why is it becoming wealthy ? 
  are the areas closer to germany becoming richer due to proximity ? 
  thanks in advance , our media covers ee very poorly or not at all . 
  you 're entirely correct from a contractual standpoint . 
  the eu could legally decide that its raison d'etre is to march into timbuktu and build the world 's largest cheese museum . 
  an absurd example , yes , but one entirely legal . 
  the problem is political . 
  voters had expectations about the eu 's purpose when joining the union . 
  nobody was asked whether they wanted hundreds of thousands of eritreans and libyans ferried to italian shores across the med . 
  the eu 's schengen makes this an eu issue , along with criticism by eu officials about how it 's being handled by member states while offering no plausible solutions . 
  criticizing poorer member states struggling to stem the flow was a terrible idea . 
  if the eu had gotten out in front and led with a workable solution that did n't involve mass migrations of people , that would have crushed many skeptics by showing how the eu could be trusted in a crisis . 
  solving that issue and rehabilitating greece would have laid the foundations of federalism imho . 
  unions can just be ink on paper . 
  strong unions are forged in crises , from my experience . 
  incredible . 
  wish / r/europe had more of these and fewer brexit threads . 
  european history is the best . 
  the best offense is the ability to annihilate your enemy without sustaining losses or infrastructure damage . 
  our missile shields are good but not perfect . 
  the best deterrent is just the best offense held in reserve , with the enemy 's knowledge and resulting fear of that outcome . 
  the best defense is the best offense . 
  we do n't war like that with nuclear powers . 
  you 'll know we 're at war with russia when our best military technology suddenly appears in ukraine/georgia , or some crazy virus like stuxnet hits russian reactors . 
  in what way ? 
  he said this is how it worked on new years when rates were high, 
   deal with the payments and prices never used it , but my friend tells me it 's more like bidding on ebay . 
  you set the route , and drivers bid . 
  the customer chooses which driver . 
  basically it 's like ebay . 
  they process payments and connect buyers with sellers . 
   canada has much less transfers than you and is doing fine . 
  when you have the wealthiest chinese using your country as insurance against a revolution , laundering money through real estate , a large economy as a southern neighbor for exports , and an enormous amount of natural resources like timber and oil sands , it works . 
  canada is n't comparable to portugal or italy , neither of whom possesses those advantages . 
   but he will be charged as an adult and will face at least three years behind bars if found guilty . 
  three years for attempted murder and then he will be back on the streets trying to kill homeless again . 
  nobody like hungary should be sanctioned for demonstrating wisdom . 
  then you might as well throw the whole project away . 
  we transfer many times the amount to poorer states that the eu does , and we barely keep our union from splintering . 
  from our experience doing this for 200 + years , you have to be willing to sacrifice and compromise immensely to keep something like this together . 
  the richer states have to start investing in the poorer ones much more or they become hopeless and leave . 
  the situation in southern europe ca n't go on forever . 
  once the supreme court ruled that donations fall under free speech protection , it 's all over . 
  besides , the average american does n't feel any need to enforce eu antitrust laws , they barely understand us antitrust laws . 
  it hardly matters to them whether google 's service or yelp gets the advertising $ $ $ in the end . 
  if anything , they 'll side with an american company over the eu . 
  if you really want to do something about it , stop using google/android . 
  why ca n't the budget be amended to account for the brexit ? 
  obviously if a provision like article 50 exists , it 's always possible that the budget has to change to account for losing a member state . 
   that 's alt right bullshit narrative . 
  voting is like owning shares in a company . 
  the more your voting group possesses , the more say they have in how things are run in the company . 
  votes for a government are similar . 
  for every person who is granted voting rights , your vote is diluted . 
  you have less say , proportionally . 
  people do n't articulate this , but it makes them angry . 
  especially when the voter is viewed as not speaking the native language , disrespecting native culture , forcing changes through politically-pressured accommodations , or uses government resources . 
  cameron did hold out against taking masses of refugees , even when he took absolute shit for it in the papers . 
  cruel , heartless , the headlines were unending until the rapes in cologne . 
  they look reasonable by comparison to other parties . 
  without a labor movement , labour is just a hodgepodge of identity politics , gender activism , immigration advocacy , and other issues that did n't appeal to their traditional base . 
  the glue that held it all together is gone . 
  why would a laborer want to compete against cheap imported labor for increasingly scarce labor jobs ? 
  progressives do n't mean men and women in factories , those people now work minimum wage service jobs alongside new arrivals from africa . 
  progressive now means six-figure earning inner-city bankers and lawyers . 
  the mask has slipped , and formerly progressive voters now know they 're viewed as just interchangeable workers with billions of others in this globalized world . 
  no wonder they quit . 
  more redistribution of wealth to poorer states is a necessity if the eu is to keep going . 
  south carolina , for instance , receives over 7x the amount in return from the feds that they pay in taxes . 
  that 's over $ 10k per person , or over $ 40bn total . 
  and they 're still poor as fuck , but that money keeps their economy going and growing , with hope that some day in the distant future they can catch up . 
  eu funds are far too low to account for the currency problems created by the euro . 
  the eu needs to invest massively in the southern economies or they 'll forever be impoverished states just limping along until inevitable fiscal collapse . 
  there is no hope whatsoever that italy , greece , spain , portugal can catch the rich states when the euro currency disadvantages them so greatly . 
  i wish they would . 
  imagine an invitation to the premier league . 
  would benefit both the league and barca . 
  let la liga cut off their nose to spite their face . 
  wo n't make much difference which way the ecj rules . 
  this job is destined for automation . 
  they 're already conducting trials for driver-less taxi services here , and they 've been doing it in singapore since last year . 
  countries can resist by passing laws , but it will just be neo-luddism and destined to fail . 
  driving is too simple a task to require a human driver going forward . 
  individual car ownership will make way for a few companies providing driver-less car services . 
  road fatalities will plummet as robots do n't fall asleep or get drunk . 
  why is n't the west hacking putin ? 
  seems like a war where one side wo n't fire their weapons . 
   i do n't doubt you 're rich [ you do n't need to be rich in america to afford a large house . 
  ] ( https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/11554-w-violet-ct-boise-id-83713/79691841_zpid/ ) 386 square meters on a quarter acre for 250k euro . 
  in a city rated top 10 for good living . 
  shithole , we are not . 
  yeah , such a shithole . 
  i 'll go cry in my house with 3 car garage . 
  you go celebrate in your er , flat . 
  hahaha yeah he 's trolling right ? 
  you can only use that excuse so many times before people realize he 's an idiot . 
  and the irony is that his comments are transmitted over the internet , a system written in english by people who speak english . 
  his own language , french , is classified as endangered by its own speakers due to english . 
  yes , it is .
