  we 'd have a more reliable ally in kurdistan tbh . 
  less powerful but much more willing to be our client state , which we could arm and sick at any enemy we need . 
  competent militarily too . 
  between this and the cyprus issue , it 's getting tiresome . 
  ca n't we just replace turkey in nato with israel and an access agreement with iraq/independent kurdistan ? 
  they would give us roughly the same geographic coverage and we would n't have to referee a pointless war . 
  i think when it comes down to it , the big banks will have an easier time finding office space in dublin than teaching all their staff german/french . 
  i recall when everyone was saying it would be frankfurt , not acknowledging how universal english is as a language . 
  people from the us , canada , india , pakistan , china/hong kong , etc. 
  come to britain because they 've already learned english as children . 
  to tell skilled professionals that , whoops , you 're moving to a non-english speaking country with high taxes is not conducive to attracting global talent . 
  it 's a good thing but those companies will just relocate elsewhere . 
  there are many countries who have low tax rates and do n't care about this issue . 
  the automation age is upon us , which makes me wonder how much longer sweatshop kids will even be employed . 
  i wonder how they will enforce it against retailers . 
  ie product enters eu common market in country that does n't have this regulation , it 's bought by a french retailer and taken over the border . 
  the retailer is n't liable since it is n't a parent or sub of the manufacturer , and the offender simply stays out of legal reach across the border in netherlands/spain/italy . 
  highly amusing . 
  what started as a trump bullshit throwaway line escalated into a denial , a discrediting riot and now obfuscation by the swedish government . 
  how is blatantly lying to your populace any different than fake news ? 
  give them another indyref . 
  i do n't see why anyone would expect a different result . 
  the polling , as far as i can tell , has gone against independence since both referendums . 
  [ we have some old , unused laws too . 
  ] ( http://justsomething.co/the-22-most-ridiculous-us-laws-still-in-effect-today-2/ ) we get around it by not prosecuting them . 
  do n't your prosecutors have leeway to ignore them ? 
  how embarrassing . 
  blasphemy laws in the 21st century ... why ? 
   not even comparable because it 's a small amount of people and they do n't live in the poor areas . 
  according to wikipedia , 350k in france . 
  french tunisians are around 668k . 
  it does n't invalidate the vietnamese success . 
  we 've tried every conceivable program for the poor black areas here : quotas for hiring and college acceptance , community investment , greater federal funding for schools , scholarships only for black people , none of it has even made a dent economically . 
  the government ca n't fix this . 
  logically though , if you know the people from the banlieues come from x country , and few people from x country succeed , why bring in more ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  bring in those who have a track record of success . 
  i do n't think the native host society is ever the problem . 
  it 's incumbent upon the new arrivals to find a way to live within the current society , whatever challenges that society presents , not change the society to fit the relatively small number of arrivals . 
  arrivals from countries like china , korea , vietnam and japan have seemingly found a way to adapt to every single western culture , from eastern europe to canada , the us and even south america . 
  the french of vietnamese descent seem to have found a way to live relatively well in france without trouble . 
  if other groups can not find a way , then immigration focus should shift ( if the host country needs immigrants ) to attracting people from vietnam and rejecting regions/cultures that integrate poorly . 
  if labor is the chief concern here , i do n't see a problem with cherry picking the best integrated people who seemingly contribute the most . 
  that 's what a country should want . 
  whichever peoples populate these banlieues should be rejected automatically unless they bring some sort of technical skill which would allow them to avoid ending up like the ones already there . 
  lmao i 'm stealing that, 
  yeah , the crooked hillary slogan . 
  even though everyone knew she probably was n't very honest and pretty reckless with emails , the crooked thing stuck even though they never proved she broke the law . 
  fillon , on the other hand , appears to have been caught with his pants down . 
  employing his wife and now a criminal probe . 
  not good . 
  le pen must be clicking her heels after seeing this poll . 
  is it , really ? 
  even the most uneducated person nowadays , when they hear of a terrorist attack , can get the region ( s ) right about 90 % of the time . 
  i think we overcomplicate and overanalyze the issue . 
  many of our struggles throughout history have been surprisingly without nuance . 
  bring in people from societies who have , through examining empirical evidence , integrated well . 
  use the same method to exclude those with traits who integrate poorly . 
  that apology for colonialism in this current political environment was so tone-deaf at a time when refugees are flooding to europe . 
  for being that stupid , he deserves what he gets . 
  oh sure , i do n't doubt your contribution for syria or libya . 
  just wish you had more options . 
  if you had an integrated eu military even half as powerful/well funded as the us military ( which you are easily capable of doing with the wealth and technology level of the eu ) , creating safe zones by use of force in libya and syria would n't be that difficult . 
  tens of trillions in today 's dollars undoubtedly . 
  i think with the robotics age upon us , it will be a priority to make our spending more efficient . 
  there are just no replacements for , say , an aircraft carrier or a fleet of transport aircrafts with today 's technology . 
  i have no idea why we are n't prioritizing robotics . 
  [ boston dynamics have had robotic dogs that can run almost like real dogs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8yjvhybz9w ) for years , and our ai is pretty amazing right now . 
  get the balance right , mount a weapon on it , and let a few thousand drone operators take back raqqa ( for instance ) with no potential loss of soldiers . 
  we could modify the rules of engagement to the point where we can reduce civilian casualties to almost nothing . 
  who really cares if a robot dog is shot ? 
  true . 
  i guess if the eu sees itself as more of a regional military power , that is more than adequate . 
  if it wants to be a union that , for instance , can open up sea lanes in the south china sea , then that 's a different matter . 
  maybe not realistic today , but it would be nice if the eu had the ability to go to say syria or libya and stop the refugee crisis directly . 
  most of our nato contribution is indirect and goes into the us military , where we spend more as a % of gdp than anyone else . 
  http://i2.cdn.turner.com/money/dam/assets/160415170401-nato-gdp-2-780x439.jpg the 2bn for nato is a drop in the bucket and , if it stood alone , would n't adequately defend any major country . 
  nato contribution is piddly . 
  just one ford class aircraft carrier alone costs about $ 10.5 bn . 
  to prevent 2nd and 3rd generation migrants being radicalized , do n't let the first generation inside from the areas producing terrorists . 
  that 's preventative . 
  corrective is a whole different story , as you implied . 
  what if we know it 's pr but hate that politicians grovel at the alter of 8th century misogynistic ideals ? 
  it was for pr but exposed her opponents and rallied her supporters . 
  those swedish faux feminists are a joke . 
  she played that well . 
  the political juxtaposition of her and those head scarf wearing feminists could n't be more stark . 
  she looks like the defender of women while they look weak . 
  if the mufti ca n't tolerate women who do n't cover their heads , then fuck him , nobody should meet with him . 
  i just read that since the uk was a net contributor , they own shares of many eu projects that could total to an even higher valuation than the 60bn exit sum . 
  so what 's the deal ? 
  who owes whom ? 
  iceland wtf, 
  that 's the way i feel . 
  we 're importing laborers when labor is going extinct . 
  estonia , pride of europe !, 
   for instance , the only weapons they ever found any evidence of were slingshots ( ?! ) . 
  russian spies falling victim to budget cuts . 
  it 's a joke . 
  for whatever reason , i was never motivated to play byzantium .
