  i hope to visit some day . 
  imagine when these countries formerly behind the iron curtain finally catch up after being held back so long . 
  estonia has huge potential and good talent . 
  did n't russia just pull out within the last week ? 
  too late , guys . 
  i have to say ... so what ? 
  you 're never going to convince people that possessing a danish passport is the same as having danish ancestors going back thousands of years . 
  i can guarantee wherever these immigrants came from , danes would never be considered the same as native eritreans/moroccans/somalis / etc. 
  why is the eu fighting good banking regulations ? 
  there is considerable worry about the state of european banking , ie the thin capitalization . 
  banks like barclays and societe generale are very vulnerable . 
  i 've read about how much capital deutsche bank needs just to survive -- they ca n't attract that amount of money . 
  italy is a potential shitstorm hanging over everyone . 
   wtf i hate r/europe now !, 
  hmmm ... 
  i never thought if it that way . 
  always assumed we preferred uk in the eu mainly because london is the de facto european enclave for wall street . 
  virtually all of our european subsidiaries are located in london due to the favorable treatment they receive from the uk government , and the tax tricks they can pull with the uk protectorate states ( the caribbean tax havens ) , which works perfectly with eu laws so long as the uk is actually a member . 
  damn . 
  are you sure you 're not really american ? 
  because you just packed more murica in one dish than my mind can comprehend . 
  truthfully i have no idea . 
  when we walk into a fish shop , they 're called chips here , like britain . 
  maybe it 's time to liberate cyprus militarily . 
  our aircraft carrier groups have n't been in a real tussle since ww2 . 
  the accusation that the us wants to destroy europe is completely bogus . 
  obama even threatened the uk by saying they 'd be back of the line for a trade deal if they voted brexit . 
  this was right after people were debating about whether they could get a faster deal with the us done outside the eu . 
  many of our government officials went on record as pro eu . 
  not out of any altruistic motive . 
  it 's because of the tax transfer rules across borders . 
  income has to flow between eu states without taxation to get the benefits of the `` irish double '' even trump is not going to destroy the eu . 
  he probably uses its benefits to avoid tax . 
  his friends in finance and insurance definitely use it . 
  agreed . 
  how we treated them was shameful . 
  they gifted us the statue of liberty . 
  lafayette , louisiana purchase , help in the war for independence , etc etc etc. 
  and we shat on them with that freedom fries nonsense . 
  embarrassing . 
  reminds me of anti-french americans before the iraq invasion . 
  they dumped expensive wine into the gutters and wanted to rename french fries into freedom fries . 
  but really ... who would want a pizza * burger * ? 
  pizza or burger , but no pizza burger plz . 
  schauble might as well have said `` if we put a gun to your head , we expect you to pull the trigger '' if the eu does n't concede anything to the uk in negotiations , the british parliament has to come up with some way to make themselves attractive to business . 
  and that 's in addition to offsetting likely tariffs . 
  if schauble does n't want tax dumping , the eu logically will have to offer something . 
  britain wo n't just take a hard brexit and sit there while corporations leave and their economy goes under . 
  the ball is pretty much in the eu 's court . 
  if it pursues measures viewed as punitive to the uk , tax dumping will come automatically . 
  worked for israel . 
  walls work . 
  they only threaten monied elites who want cheap labor and divided electorates . 
   open racism leads to dehumanization and conflict because one side thinks they 're genetically superior to the other . 
  then why invite bigoted people to your country ? 
  the voters who say `` no more '' are far , far more tolerant than most middle eastern and north africans who are pouring in . 
  go ask the jews who now feel like they ca n't leave their houses due to harassment . 
  go ask the women who are assaulted because they are n't `` modest '' in public . 
  inviting intolerant people to stay in your country has thrown every vulnerable group under the bus , all for the sake of a small minority who are seemingly incapable of integrating . 
  you ca n't preach tolerance as an excuse to demographically change a state to be more intolerant . 
  the french tell me that sarkozy is a political opportunist . 
  i accept that . 
  but he makes a lot of sense here . 
  if the leaders of the eu had taken this attitude , it would n't be imperiled by issues like brexit or rebellious v4 . 
  judging by the general attitude , is it reasonable to assume either sarkozy or le pen will be president ? 
  or is france going to buck the rightward trend ? 
   you were factually wrong , and i corrected that . 
  how ? 
  what was i factually wrong about ? 
   i realise you will call this off-topic and irrelevant , but it was the 20th century . 
  what does this have to do with the topic ? 
   it reflects that there is an intellectual precedent for the concept which you claimed they do not understand . 
  plus it 's not some ancient abstruse concept belonging to a magi 's secret and arcane lore , it 's basically a pillar of every school of economics in the world too . 
  so there is immediate prima facie evidence that germans understand the concept ontop of its intellectual history suggesting that they would understand the concept . 
  so then why is germany so far behind ? 
  why does it have no tech or ai sector comparable to the us or britain ? 
   then , it would have read like this : yeah , you made this conclusion . 
  your words :  in any case , it is pretty difficult to see how musk is n't a fraud when his companies are shaped like ponzi schemes that are dependant on government subsidies and cult stock to stay afloat . 
  then you turn around and admit his first major company was successful and not a ponzi scheme . 
  i do n't like to debate nitpickers who avoid the topic . 
   and i do n't know how anything you wrote here is relevant in any way to my response . 
   my point was that your response was n't relevant at all . 
  it does n't really matter who coined what term in the 19th century . 
  the topic is 2017 and why london is beating berlin in ai . 
  does that make sense to you now ? 
   which is still shit , let 's be fair . 
  a $ 70bn profitable company . 
  not exactly a ponzi scheme , is it ? 
   are you even aware that ` creative destruction ' first arose as a german idea from schumpeter and sombart following a description by marx ? 
  are you aware that the man who coined the term `` artificial intelligence '' was an american named john mccarthy ? 
  i do n't know what either of these statements has to do with why berlin lags behind london in the ai landscape , though . 
   in any case , it is pretty difficult to see how musk is n't a fraud when his companies are shaped like ponzi schemes that are dependant on government subsidies and cult stock to stay afloat . 
  and yet he greatly improved the cost-effectiveness of space travel by reusing the first stage of a rocket , greatly reducing costs . 
  he was also involved in founding paypal . 
  i 'm not sure how you can make such a blanket statement about him . 
  love your citizens and deport the jihadi . 
  discouraging entrepreneurship for working at safe jobs is part of the problem . 
  look at the number of germans who will come on and call elon musk a fraud while touting their own century-old manufacturers . 
  i do n't think germany will ever understand the concept of creative disruption . 
  wonderful news .
