  he knew the straw hats were n't defeated so he preferred to mantain all of his forces for the incoming fight with luffy/others , he has n't said anything in this and the last chapter because he wants chopper and brook to have a psychological disadvantage, 
  since bm wo n't fall ( no cake explosion memes ) during this arc i think oda is keeping smoothie undewraps in order to keep some surprises for the time when the strawhats will actually fight big mom , and a mid-boss like smoothie is likely a big surprise, 
  that 's why they 're going to poison her ... 
  i 'm positive the cover stories are going to focus on sai and baby 5 's wedding and how sai needs to take charge of the happo navy . 
  i really really really hope that this coverstory ends with them meeting kid and a kid-baby 5 gag, 
  i 'm positive kaido was serious when he told kid to go find luffy and tell him what yonkou are really like , i mean kid would never try attacking him alone so kaido has no reason to keep him imprisoned ... 
  nope , it 's just that i 'm really tired , but while the cover story post was kind of a guess the one about kaido was quite obvious ... 
  i 'm not underestimating kid , in fact he 's my favourite character due to his attitude , but he needs to ally with the fleet if he wants to defeat kaido , even if he 's susceptible i think he got beaten up so much that he 'll take the l and ask for help to law and luffy, 
  kid can attract steel weapons , baby 5 can transform into weapons and is attracted by any man, 
  simply that i was too tired since it 's midnight here in europe and probably thought of the same opening twice for my statement, 
   \u00c8 un uomo italiano incensurato ** presumibilmente laureato **, 
  presentatevi con uno stereo e mentre entrate fate partire [ mar\u00f2 salvator ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfagemtxmoi ), 
  \u00e8 una lotteria normale ? 
  che tipo di software dovete fare ? 
  yessssss , i 've got 10k tp waiting in my rayleigh shop !, 
  they want people to gem ofc, 
  if you were to predict anything , make shure it 's movie raids coming back to global , i need to farm shicki/tesoro !, 
  fun fact : biancavilla is the italian name for pallet town , the starting town of pok\u00e9mon red and blue !, 
  literally it 's white mansion, 
  kind of ( ? ), 
  darwin award !, 
  i need some context, 
  [ why not both ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nfbdmtjs_mi ), 
  se ti interessa advance wars tieni un occhio su wargroove , \u00e8 un indie in arrivo quest ` anno su switch e pc, 
  l'ho scoperto per caso guardando la conferenza pc all ` e3, 
  simple answer : is the ball inside impa 's house ? 
  if yes then you have n't done it , if it is n't then you already did it , just try talking to paya, 
  suda has stated that he 's a close friend with sakurai and that he wo n't allow for travis to not be in the next smash bros. 
  luffy & co reach the sunny, 
  chopper : `` oi , guys , i thought you were dead !! '', 
  while crying, 
  katakuri stands up to fight , he knew they were coming, 
  brook fights his way to nami 's room to break the mirror, 
  pudding and sanji talk about the cake while subtly hinting about their feelings, 
  one piece will be on break next week, 
  if perospero does n't survive this explosion it means that pell is worth more than 700m !, 
  nightmares for years, 
  wait until pedro is reavealed to have the twin twin fruit , he can create a clone of himself once in a lifetime that has both his strength and capabilities, 
  they closed the development team, 
  i mean , if l.a. noire sells well ( which i think it will since i have many friends who own one who want to buy it on the switch ) rockstar will certainly consider porting more stuff , i think the followup ( mantaining good sales ) would be gtav --  bully --  rdr, 
  day one buy on the switch , the genre is really fitting for the portability factor, 
  there 's never enough todomomo in the world, 
  just like the matryoshka level !, 
  wait , are those ... matryoshkas of best geanist ? 
  what really bothers me is that if mirio activated his quirk the bullet would have hit eri meaning that chisaki would ruin his own plan : considering these are bullets containing liquid they probably are n't even capable of causing much damage , mirio could have taken the l about eri being sad by ruining the enemy 's plan and preventing her from being kidnaped again ... 
  they are characters designed by the fans , i doubt horikoshi would make them villains , although it 'd be quite unexpected, 
  i keep thinking tsukauchi is the second most likely traitor following kaminari ... 
  i mean , todoroki is my favourite character , but snipe is such a badass it 's kinda hard not to talk about him ... 
  there 's something really peaceful about tsuyu 's expression , also when did ochako become hilda from pok\u00e9mon b/w ? 
  dumb pikachu is best pikachu . 
  also what 's up with talonflame wearing the scubadiver glasses ? 
  let me introduce you to e-sports, 
  kind of ( ? ), 
  was there a korok seed ? 
  how do you rank the members of the 1-a class according to your personal taste ? 
  here 's my personal list :, 
  7-kaminari ;, 
  11-asui ;, 
  12-shouji ;, 
  note : you can also list them according to other parameters if you want to !, 
  the only power that we know to be owned by shigaraki is that of disintegrating anything he touches with all five of his fingers , so something that i thought of is what if he lost one finger ? 
  does he lose all of his powers or does it activate even if he uses only 4 fingers ? 
  what do you think ? 
  [ removed ], 
  will manage to get their license ? 
  it 's clear that class 1-a is the best of the two so members of class 1-b will have an even harder time with the yuuei crushing , furthermore shiketsu high certainly does n't have just one class , meaning that they likely will have to fight them aswell , heck , we do n't even know if the class from shiketsu high that class 1-a is about to fight is the strongest among first classes , maybe 1-a got `` lucky '' and was paired with the weaker of the shiketsu high classes so that the stronger ones can appear in the future . 
  personally i think that none of the members of class 1-b will get the licence except maybe a few of them ... 
  i mean in a game with planets that look all quite similar such evident examples of different planets shoud be a no brainer , especially since they are in our solar system , how come they were n't included in the game ? 
  travelling in the rings to look for elements instead of the usual meteorites or to write a galactic-sized sentence or exploring a gas planet searching for flying buildings or gas deposits of key elements while also facing thunderstorms would give quite a twist to the gameplay ... 
  in the past few months a huge ammount of people tried to calculate with the highest accuracy possible the size of the map of the legend of zelda : breath of the wild , nintendo did n't share many details about the size , they only said that the great plateau available in the demo is between 1 % and 2 % of the total game . 
  now that 's quite a gap : if it was only 1 % it 'd mean that the total size of the map would be 100 times that of the great plateau , while if it was 2 % that 'd drop to only 50 times the size of the great plateau . 
  now here 's why everyone who tried to calculate the size of the legend of zelda : breath of the wild is wrong : most of them started by comparing items/characters in the overworld to then caclulate a distance visible on the map and then use that as a unit of mesure for the whole map that we were shown . 
  the problem is that the map we were shown was only in 2d . 
  many users , playing the demo , noticed a [ floating island ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/umivs1pkqoe/hqdefault.jpg ) , immediately starting speculations on what this island was but nobody realized that it proved vain all the attempts made to try and calculate the map size of breath of the wild since we ca n't estimate the size of an island at such a far distance and since the map is from top down it does n't account for double the size of the island since link will be able to travel both on the island and on the land underneath it . 
  the same could occur with underground caves , hence , there is no way we can currently calculate precisely th size of the legend of zelda : breath of the wild , we 'll just have to wait and see when the game releases . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  sooooo as many of you i noticed that the airship from the game awards trailer looks like a bird and i ca n't help but think that at some point it 'll `` come to life '' , so would n't it be cool if it was a boss inside of which there is a dungeon ? 
  we 've already seen that aonuma 's team is working on a whole another level speaking of enemies sizes , so it would n't be farfetched for the entire airship to come to life and be able to fight you , so what do you think ? 
  i 'm not talking about stuff that is unlikely such as a new metroid game or mother 4 but simply something that is unlikely for the simple fact of beeing weird or totally out of context . 
  for me it has to be a duck hunt reboot similar to plants vs zombies garden warfare where dogs and ducks fight with goofy weapons , i do n't know why but i always dreamed of this and i 'd really like to see it come to reality , despite that i know it will likely never happen but i 'd love to hear what everyone else 's weird game reboot ideas are !, 
  i 'm 17 and i feel like the most shy person ever , any time i say something i feel like i 've said something extremely stupid or inappropriate and this also affects my relationship with other people . 
  my family tells me that i have to get out of my shell but how can i do this ? 
  what am i supposed to do ? 
  walk to a random guy/girl of my same age and talk to them ? 
  people know me for beeing shy and i feel as if they would have no interest in talking to me , moreover since i do n't talk to people a lot i have no idea of what to talk about , i 've spent days thinking of topics to bring up in a conversation but i do n't feel as if i 'm expert enough in something to feel free to talk about it , moreover most of the people i hear talking describe their experiences/stories of their friends , how am i supposed to sustain a conversation if i have no such experioences nor friends ? 
  edit : i 'm blown away by the ammount of people who answered , from the bottom of my heart : thank you !, 
  i 'll read every single answer to this post no matter how long it takes and in the meantime i 'll do my best to put in practice what i learned , again , thank you all , you really got me motivated to change my life !, 
  i was thinking about the nintendo switch and about how different pok\u00e9mon will be when in comes out due it now using only one screen when suddenly i realized something : there is a game , a special one for me , that makes use of the touch screen and simply ca n't be played on a multi touch screen : playing with your finger does n't let you make circles fast enough and even if nintendo were to release a special pen for it it could n't work because due to the rapid movements needed in the game the player applies a lot of pressure onto the screen , which is fine for the old ds screens but could end up in scratching the switch screen . 
  i really feel bummed about this , pok\u00e9mon is my favourite series ever and pok\u00e9mon ranger is my favourite spin-off series ever and i do n't know how i feel about it never coming back . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  so i was in a certain town when i noticed that [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygafkuwaaf1ao.jpg:large ) flowerpot looked rather suspicious , especially when compared to the one [ on the other side of the road ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygosjuwaamvi_.jpg:large ) , then i notice something : the flowerpots had the same texture as the [ roofs in the town ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygh6nuiaa4tsc.jpg:large ) . 
  considering the developers themselves confirmed that they intended to include minish people in the game could this be a little easter egg left as proof of that ? 
  i think it 'd be pretty neat !, 
  so i was in a certain town when i noticed that [ this ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygafkuwaaf1ao.jpg:large ) flowerpot looked rather suspicious , especially when compared to the one [ on the other side of the road ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygosjuwaamvi_.jpg:large ) , then i notice something : the flowerpots had the same texture as [ the roofs in the town ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/c9ygh6nuiaa4tsc.jpg:large ) .
