  on a sidenote yes ochako , it 's indeed love !, 
  this is one of the best chapters to date :, 
  - new costumes ;, 
  - yaoyorozu hinting at her new special move ;, 
  - todoroki getting ready for some major character development ;, 
  - new enemies ;, 
  yup , it was indeed sad , especially when bakugou looked at him and deku from top down ... 
  beeing heroes will certainly be the focus , but if for one time we had a couple coming together in a shonen in a chapter different from the last one it 'd be much apreciated , especially if it 's either izuchako or todomomo ... 
  shure , after you 've close one eye , taken 6 beers , spinned as fast as you can on yourself for 30 times , closed the other eye , drunk some more beer , got hypnotized , closed the third eye just in case you 're pudding/her sister then she looks sexy af, 
  nice spiderman reference, 
  is it normal for a non u.s. citizen to not get half the memes in this thread ? 
  d : i feel left out ... 
  dam son !, 
  my powers : [ leech regeneration ] ( http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/leech_regeneration ) and [ weapon calling ] ( http://powerlisting.wikia.com/wiki/weapon_calling ), 
  certainly a strange combo , but i think it could work , considering the leeches as weapons the weapon calling makes it possible for the user to attract the leeches and make them levitate towards him even if they are at great distances one from the other , it 's extremely powerful both on the defensive side ( guaranteed regeneration , the user does n't have to live with/carry leeches , he just needs to attract them when needed ) and the offensive one ( attracting leeches from behind the opponent so that they attach to them when their guard is off ) . 
  still it 's a pretty easily counterable power since if the opponent knows the power he just needs to look their back and force the user to get in a place where leeches ca n't arrive . 
  i think this power would be more fitting for a villain , probably one of the first ones met by a hero during his journey , i do n't think there 's enough to build a true hero thanks to this power ... 
  welp * unzips pants * seems like it 's time !, 
  i have high expectations for jirou , she 's currently ranked # 3 tied with mina in my girls list from mha , and this art proves that i was right ranking her high, 
  roger is like me but 6 years older and with a crazy obsession for disney ... 
  undertale quote ? 
  the grunts remind me of the ninjas from team plasma, 
  also immagine a marowak vs marowak battle between kiawe and guzma , you know , since it wears a skull you can bet they 'll use the heck out of marowak/cubone ... 
  bewear ou confirmed , please , i need this hug killer to be viable , it 'd be so fun !, 
  eh , a dark cat ... sems like a umbreon/liepard rip-off, 
  what about storm drain or another ability that boosts his stats when hit by water moves ? 
  in the end wet sand is more sticky and is certainly stronger to hit the opponents ... 
  dude alola bellossom is a must !, 
  it 's a freakin hula dancer !, 
  dem references, 
  so you 're saying that team skull will be a non water-focused team aqua ? 
  personally i 'm disappointed by marowak , i expected him to have a lot more fire on his body : a flaming skull ( ala ghost rider ) , flaming wrists and ankles to raprresent the fire dancers ' costumes , maybe even on his tail , instead it 's only on his bone ... 
  the focus is also refered to their objective ... 
  8 is my favourite number :d, 
  actually for once i 'd like to see something that tests how smart the studends are , in the end the main protagonists ( excluding ochako saddly ) are the top students in the class , so it 'd be nice to see them pass an initial test thanks to their cleverness . 
  of course it does n't have to be a pop quiz , they can just have to find their way out of a maze with traps or something similar ... 
  yes , of course there will be fights , but the intelligence test might be the first of various tests that make up the exam or , in case it 's actually something similar to a maze , they might be forced to fight the people they meet in the maze because only x number of students can exit from the maze before the test ends ... 
  watch it becoming a water/dragon type, 
  bewear the puns incoming about this pok\u00e9mon , your onix jokes are no match for namakobushi !, 
  moltres is really good , but the other two are meh , especially zapdos, 
  omg yes !, 
  i laughed so much when she appeared !, 
  todoroki starts getting insecure but does n't want to tell everyone else what the guy who reached the first place is capable of doing . 
  while i do n't feel like it 'll happen in chapter 103 this will certainly happen, 
  knowing uraraka she 'd be the kind of girl that makes a dumb plan that fails against deku , then loses , then when deku helps her she becomes shy and runs away ... 
  additionaly , alolan raichu uses his tail like a hoverboard marty mcfly style, 
  this whole adult thing is getting out of hand ... 
  i love the team skull theme , it ranks at # 2 spot in my favourite villain teams themes in pok\u00e9mon games right after the team plasma one from b2/w2, 
  i 'd tell my sister 's cat that she 's an awful companion and i prefer dogs . 
  also i 'd tell her how to open the door since it might come in handy sometimes ... 
  i 'm positive that hatsume as a member of another class could n't have known where the training camp was supposed to be ... 
  deku is the traitor !, 
  or , even better , the principal and all might are the traitors !, 
  rip i ca n't use spoilers properly on reddit, 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` while i 'd like to live under shanks his crew is far too small , even if he had the speculated time-travel power he likely would n't be able to stop an attack on one of his islands . 
  so my choice would go with big mom since thanks to her powers she checks constantly all of her territory . 
  still i would n't chose her either since she 's clearly the weakest of the yonkou , and , given pre-timeskip kid destroyed some of her ships , i 'm shure she is n't new to other pirates attacking her . 
  now , since i 'm not a bb fanboy and since all of his crew members creep the heck out of me , i 'd go with kaidou , shure , i 'm not free to travel , who bothers , i 'm not strong enough to be a pirate and the sea in the new world is extremely dangerous , if i want to travel i 'll visit some of the other islands under kaidou 's control ... '' ), 
  she 'd eat you as soon as she learned that you ate some of the homies, 
  i 'm positive toga did n't inject anything but instead took some og ochako 's blood , this is certainly related to her quirk but as of now there are too many possibilities to know what it does : it might let the user transform into the person who they stole the blood from , take control of their body , copy their quirk or anything else ... 
  how ? 
  solgaleo/lunala / ? = 3 legendaries +, 
  at least 8 legendaries, 
  `` did you really let your parents vote for trump ? '', 
  and at that moment i 'll tell my grandsons the story of how once europe was n't part of the us before a dictator became president and decided to attack random countries . 
  i say mud fight or riot , possibly on amazon lily , possibly giving access to the fight to all the girls . 
  and that kids is how i got pregnant , remember , never let girls touch your nose until they are 18 , otherwise they 'll have to go through a pregnancy like those of mine and portuguese d. rouge ... 
  all hail the splatoon ancestor, 
  roger this is just too good , also please make live reactions to boku no hero , if kol can do 3/4 live reactions i 'm shure you can do the same and i 'm shure the next few chapters will drop some big bombs ( not mei 's ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ), 
  that is the poorest attempt from an alien species to try to infiltrate among us ... 
  that 's like , nothing , there 's plenty of places around the world where it 's normal to eat steaks bigger than that like in florence italy, 
  exactly , is this supposed to be impressive ? 
  well , with some training yes , but i know plenty of places where people eat 2kg steaks without making a big deal out of it ... 
  he would have still shown up once the strawhats set foot on raftel just to tell them that captain john 's treasure was the one piece and he already took it for himself becoming the new pirate king , also , thanks to part of the value of the one piece , he purchased the yami yami no mi from whitebeard before blackbeard could eat it . 
  this also means that whitebeard and ace never died in marineford because after the purchase of the yami yami the whitebeard and buggy pirates formed a bond so strong that buggy financiated the rescuing of ace . 
  since the rescue was successful whitebeard full of gratitude for buggy put his fleet under buggy 's comand and promised him that the gura gura no mi will be his once he 'll pass out . 
  omg the final shot by bakugou 's mom, 
  he lost . 
  what a noob , he should have sent out greninja when goodra was still alive so that greninja could take out easily on bisharp , then use goodra to damage megacharizard x with stab dragon moves and then use greninja again to give him the final shot ... 
  `` so cracker gets a new arm every time he gets hit huh ? 
  well i think a jet gatling will easily get him inabilitated from moving freely ... '' i thought , then luffy said he knows no other way than going all out , welp , it seems like we 'll get some more g4 going on and luffy will lose energy for no reason , great way to start a battle with a yonkou ... 
  holly fuck this chapters are getting better and better , i thought yuuei was disadvantaged due to the sports festival but wow , the focus is to destroy yuuei . 
  also bakugou always doing his thing , i wonder if he 'll at least help kirishima once he gets his two kills ... 
  yup , the other students want to take an advantage when they are given one ... 
  i mean after bakugou got his two `` kills '', 
  this would be great : handheld nintendo platform + dragon quest + minecraft + japanese market = endless cash, 
  mina will pass only because this is a relationship building arc and she loves gossip, 
  mineta even if he does n't get in the top 100 is guaranteed to not lose : if he puts a ball on each of the targets on his body he 'll be undefeatable, 
  i feel like hagakure is one of those semi-useless characters that wo n't make it ... 
  i think everyone will make it besides hagakure , sero and maybe kouda and aoyama, 
  as of now we have n't seen any particularly overpowered power besides the a41 so as of now there 's no need for something like that, 
  yes . 
  i 'd really like something like that , possibly this villain should be of the same age of the students so that he could say to izuku `` you do n't know why i 'm doing this , you do n't know how it feels to be quirk-less ! '', 
  that 's behind the plot of the movie for bnha that i immagined in someone else 's thread in this subreddit, 
  i dunno , according to what all might said it was a casuality that class 1-a was given to aizawa , it 's not like aizawa is the main teacher of all a classes , he might very well have beenthe teacher of class 1-b the previous year ... 
  probably the lost road poneglyph aswell as the one piece itself, 
  a big chunk of those bounties is given to them only because of the fact that they are members of a yonkou 's crew , they do n't look that strong by any mean , i think both of them have at least 200/300m additional to their true value just because of the crew they are part of ... 
  but the fact is that most of the students that chose shiketsu ( probably just like inasa did ) do so since they know about the sport festival of ua so they want an advantage for the license exam !, 
  blood king does n't seem the kind of guy that 'd tell his students about ua crushing , he 's the kind of guy who 'd expect his students to be ready for such a possibility and , in case they are not , he would blame them for not training hard enough . 
  imho students of class 1-b got exposed just as much as 1-a students , many of them made it to the top 16 at the sport festival , so anyone in that group is exposed as much as everyone in class 1-a,
