  as a question , in italian you 'd say `` la casa \u00e8 vuota . '', 
  where the right intonation lets you express both concepts with the same sentence . 
  i agree , and that 's why i think this will happen : caesar has ben the focus of the story for too much . 
  he 's done what he had to do , now he 'll poison big mom 's relatives ( ending up helping the straw hats ) and then perospero will find out and kill him transforming him into a candy . 
  you do n't even know how much i hope for her to join the crew now just to throw it in the face of everyone who trusted the betrayal theory !, 
  future wife of a perv and member of the straw hat pirates , talk about karma !, 
  yup , i 'm positive caesar will give the candy-poison to big mom 's relatives and this will be perospero 's revenge , but he 'll end up intoxicated aswell !, 
  so , just to thorw it out there , satou has a power really similar to that of kaminari since the more sugar he eats , the more he gets stronger , the more he gets stupid , so he might just have hidden the real side effect of his power and in reality he is the one faking the whole stupid guy side effect ... 
  not interested , but i might pick up project sonic 2017 on nx if it turns out to be a good game, 
  omg i hope we get a cover like this one here in italy whenever the tournament arc begins ... 
  due to an unspecified natural event suddenly all the quirk users become regular man and vice versa . 
  many of the regular humans that just like izuku were bullied and considered inferior by quirk users form an evil alliance driven by a human who obtained a seemingly undefeatable quirk !, 
  the evil alliance now wants to extreminate all the previous quirk users aswell as the humans that did n't join the alliance , it 's up to izuku to form a squad of humans capable of defeating the evil alliance . 
  i have to say that i 'd prefer izuku to lose his powers just like any other quirk user so that he can rely more on his intelligence but the idea of bakugou going through a mental crisis asking himself why he lost his powers while izuku kept the 14a would be just epic . 
  yup , it 's indeed lunch rush , it ca n't be snipe because the silhouette lacks the dreadlocks and the cowboy hat . 
  it ca n't be ectoplasm either since it 's too thin and does n't have a tube coming out of his mouth . 
  i think lunch rush will have to teach something to the members of class 1-a but i do n't think it 'll be a cooking class ( satou would own everyone btw ) but instead something that has to do with following a healthy diet or something similar , we 've already seen that horikoshi enjoys talking about similar topics like when izuku had to clean up the beach as his training ... 
  i 'm positive he could n't even get them in , the first one would stick and that 'd be it : a guy/girl with a chain of balls attached to their butt for one day ... 
  i find it quite positive , in the final fight against bakugou izuku will have learned moves from all of his classmates due to his cool personality while bakugou wo n't learn anything and will get beaten up big time ... 
  deku  all might , it 's the sole purpose of the whole manga ... 
  just for the last few chapters , just to tell how the story ended and who ended up with who , by the time high school ends there will be the final battle against the main villain of the manga . 
  while i 'm a big fan of himym myself i 'd like for there to be a little more focus on izuku as the greatest hero ever than there was for the mother in himym ... 
  i let other people decide if i 'm sexy or not , but at least i 'm italian which should give a few points ( ? ), 
  i did n't say that he has to be a villain neither that he 'll be the final boss , but simply that 's natural for him as izuku 's rival to fight with him whenever they get stronger to find out who is stronger between the two ... 
  naruto is the obvious answer but i do n't suggest you to read it , it gets pretty disappointing later on in the story ... 
  not necessarilly , izuku does n't need to get his hero license to be able to be considered the best hero in the world , if he saves the world multiple times during high school , he 'll already be the greatest hero in history even without legally beeing one . 
  that tongue ... 
  if you dig deep enough i 'm positive you 'll find some yuri about them, 
  yup , he indeed looks more like the team instinct leader , i mean it looks like he does n't even have the thunder in his hair ... 
  that 's why you always want a fire starter as the lead of your team , infernape would have killed the lucario , 
  there 's enough space to make the name of the game 2 times bigger , how come they did n't do it ? 
  still pretty badass design !, 
  pretty much this, 
  if you count the lower street for the e then you have to count it for both other letters , making it ebi, 
  you mean that there 's a possibility for the nearest pok\u00e9stop to be less than 10km away ? 
  wow , you shure live in a lucky suburb ... 
  i can already see the news `` pok\u00e9mon go , extremely dangerous , could be used by isis for future attacks ! '', 
  it 's called arcues you infidel !, 
  i wonder where they put his ashes, 
  i really hate mineta ... 
  on a sidenote we should find two symbols for the upvote and downvote for bnha , the two arrows are kinda bland ... 
  did n't he work with mounth lady during the stain arc ? 
  maybe that was foreshadowing ... 
  you thought that uraraka x izuku was otp but it was me , mei x izuku !, 
  jk the real otp remains uraraka x izuku followed by todoroki x yaoyorozu, 
  - bakugou gets the 14a ;, 
  - world explodes ;, 
  - the end . 
  she could but she 'd need some kind of device to atach on her hands to set the sweat on fire since i do n't think she can keep an object atached to her skin after creating it , it simply gets out and is a separate thing . 
  still , even if she used some sort of lit gauntlets she would take damage from the explosions while bakugou is immune to his own sweat explosions ... 
  it does n't make sense , he would n't have given the 14a to deku if he was a villain , he would have simply searched for a41 and collaborated with him to conquer the world ... 
  sorry dude , i ca n't stand him beeing the only source of fanservice in the whole manga , i find it kinda lazy ... 
  i 'll ask momo to make an inflatable doll with her powers so that i can throw it at mineta and defeat him ... 
  edit out the mother , put in the background the crowd from the video of chop suey from system of a down and you have made gold !, 
  well fuck ... hope they re-introduce the footsteps as soon as they find out how to fix the bug ... 
  i see this as a methaporical rappresentation of the incoming lack of battery on my phone ... 
  are the incubators eternal like the one you get when you start the game or just the crappy ones ? 
  well is n't mizuriya the 9th owner of 14a ? 
  maybe it 's forshadowing for bakugou beeing only the 9th best hero at the end of the story ... 
  bakugou and jirou - explosive beats !, 
  ( basically scratchman apoo from one piece ) ;, 
  asui and kouda - a frog with full control of animals inside and outside of water ;, 
  kaminari and hagakure - an electric discharge coming from an invisible enemy , if the traitor theory is wrong then it 's also usefull since even after becoming dumb the user is hidden by his/her invisibility ;, 
  uraraka and anyone else - make the opponent weight 0 and then hit it with whatever power you got from your father . 
  if anything he should train himself lifting stuff at 5 % so that he can gradually increase the percentage of power while also using it for longer timeframes !, 
  every single cell in the body is considered as a living beeing so i 'm positive she ca n't reproduce them , also even if she could she would n't be able to because her power works at a molecular level , it 'd be impossible for her to learn the exact structure of her own dna which is made out of milions of nucleobases , let alone the rest of the cell composition ... 
  in my country this is defined as `` torture '' and it 's against the law , maybe you have a similar definition in your country aswell ? 
  nope , all of those things you listed get processed before becoming the final materials , which basically kills any living cell , instead she ca n't create say an apple because it 's cells would be alive ... 
  that 's what she reminded me !, 
  the quality of the baloon ( i suppose it 's a baloon ) is really good but the nose could 've been made better ... 
  i do n't get the joke in this specific context ( i know it 's because of my nickname but i do n't find the reason why i should be out of luck ... ), 
  todoroki will rise even more after some character development !, 
  also i expected all might to lose , if all the other characters are students and the people who vote ca n't vote for their favourite character , then they 'll go for the most similar one aka midoriya, 
  for creating her own cells she would have to know her own dna perfectly otherwise she 'd end up with different genes from hers , instead when making wood she does n't need to know it she can think `` ok , 9 milion adenine bases , 9 milion thymine bases and the dna is done '' ( just an example ), 
  well actually in x/y and platinum we had the pok\u00e9dex entries in different languages so instead of doing that they might decide to put in the game the pok\u00e9dex entries for the different versions ... 
  yes indeed , that 's a fire/dark for ya ... 
  yup , pretty much , in one of the special chapter horikoshi pointed out that it was a misunderstanding with who insert the text in the baloon and she can make organic stuff as long as it 's not alive, 
  i do n't know why it took so much to say this , the last update generated one of the dumbest shitstorms i 've ever seen on reddit and it was pointless : people complained only about the 3 steps beeing taken away and how the game now could n't be played when the 3 step meter did n't work in the first place when it was in the game ... 
  it was obvious that it was taken away to improve on it while at the same time giving a smoother experience to the players ... 
  it 'd be far too obvious if she turned into a vampire , i 'd much prefer if toga 's powers relied on some sort of brain control/body exchange , like immagine if toga took control over ochako 's body and with it tried to approach izuku , that would be heck of a fanservice chapter ... 
  all might should say all the time `` show me your moves ! '', 
  meanwhile i see this in the newest list http://imgur.com/r/bokunoheroacademia/h0scgj0, 
  i would have much prefered todoroki with charmander and bakugou with squirtle , todoroki makes actual fire , bakugou sweats nitroglicerine , plus squirtle 's shell resembles the grenades from bakugou 's costume : v, 
  i was n't complaining ... 
  as you can see from the picture there 's a darker zone underwater which resembles a cave , it 's important to notice that the zone where the supposed cave is is also the only one not to be surrounded by rocks !, 
  whoops , sub is the translation of dive in italian , totally forgot about that , how do i change the op title ? 
  i think it 's either on the island with the active volcano or on mele mele since in the background you can see waterfalls from the map ... 
  i 'm positive that 's because the whole region is 3d this time , the top down view is pretty much gone , as far as we know half of the cities in the region could be on the side we do n't see of it , hidden behind mountains and volcanos ... 
  well the fact is that the darkest shadow should be slightly to the right of where it is to make sense since that is the place where the two rock walls form an angle , so that should be the place where the shadow is darker , but that is n't the case . 
  also we have seen previously zones where seaweed was completely absent like in unova where there 's no seaweed at all or in hoenn in the path that leads to some items aswell as the one to reach the sealed chamber, 
  no , afaik , it never appeared , but i still ask myself what it is every time i see it ... 
  watch them letting wobbuffet out/making the psychic z-move physical, 
  i mean the giant should have really talked right from the beginning , the seducing woods lasted far too much . 
  also cracker ? 
  seriously ? 
  how am i supposed to be scared about a guy with that name ? 
  luffy is going to pull off a pica 2.0 with him , i could bet on it . 
  well in defense of the giant , big mom is n't a cutie in the first place ... 
  so why did he decide to accept the apple juice after giving the mugiwara indications now of all times ? 
  i 'm really hyped about yaoyorozu 's special tecnique , and it 's not like it 's only because lately the biggest the stuff she created , the more she got naked ...
