  screaming `` fuck yeah ! '', 
  outside of my window since i live on top of a hill ? 
  if you get beauty would n't you eventually earn 10 milion dollars as a model ? 
  does n't seem much different from what happens to rich people , only difference is tha the people would n't be your fans but simply people who want your money ... 
  given that the beauty you 'd recieve comes from an angel i suppose this would be astonishing beauty ... 
  she ca n't , she 's a side character . 
  that beeing said maybe she can turn weapons invisible ( ? ), 
  that 'd be pretty op if she had say a machinegun , other than that she just has to find invisible clothes ... 
  sakura needs to be # 1 for the eternity of time, 
  imho iida is the worst character by far alongside mineta , in the first few chapters he seemed to be a strong character that is always in competition but the more we proceed in the story , the mose he seems worthless , he 's just just the third wheel for deku and ochako and has proven to be useful only a handful of times in the whole manga imho it 's clear why he 's been in the shadow for so long now ... 
  i do n't get why aoyama does n't get more screen time , he 's the cavendish of bnha , plus since he has to use his power for more than a second to have any drawback he can use it as long as many times as he wants keeping it under that limit ... 
  imho kaminari , theories aside he 's got a pretty great power and everyone underestimates hi , i hope he gets in the spotlight during this arc so that we can see his electric sword, 
  i 'm not so shure , plus at the end of the process i 'd have less than 10m , while beeing beautiful from the start would let me earn them slowly but constantly, 
  buy like 700 for me right noe , you 'll get the money later, 
  is that a dark type goomy who grew ears ? 
  we went from whitebeard and dragon to law and mr. 2 !, 
  is it her ? 
  i think it 's another enemie , i think the shiketsu girl 's powers are more like trafalgar law 's one , if you look at when she trew the ball , she also threw a rock and appeared from the same place where the rock was ... 
  cracker 's hair is just too fallic to not joke about it ... 
  so snorlax 's eyes are fire type ? 
  yup , i totally missed on the last page , i do n't know why horikoshi does n't end his chapters like oda does , it 's not the first time that i see `` the end '' on a page and i close the page when actually there is another one ... 
  i 'm shure he 's fine , he 's probably drinking margarita while listening to katy perry inside of a tank, 
  apparently the dog was lucky enough to be trapped in a place where he found some water and food , he was extremely lucky, 
  affordable and compact hoverboards , we 're already one year late !, 
  c'mon dude , use * the robin *, 
  oh , my , fetish !, 
  did n't people say that the weather causes the framerate to drop aswell ? 
  in that case this is disastrous . 
  well of course it can be fixed , but i 'm a little skeptical seeing how near the releas date is ... 
  maybe this is to teach him that he should n't think about food when he has a broken arm ... 
  i do n't get the crobat one ... 
  they really need an animation only for golurk in gen 8, 
  given he said to have a personality similar to that of mineta i think deku will end up with an harem , 
  mh , interesting , i 'm gona say yes , but it 's hard to say when nobody has died yet during the story of bnha, 
  if colress is in this game then sun/moon could legittimately become my 2nd favourite titles in the series replacing x/y, 
  so he ca n't use any z-move other than normal ones ? 
  i do n't know how i feel about that ... 
  eh , since it 's a chimera i 'd much more prefer him beeing the very first all types pok\u00e9mon , he simply changes form ( and maybe stats ) , he retains his meh ability but gets stab on any move !, 
  was n't the pok\u00e9mon inside lillie 's bag zygarde core ? 
  it 'd make sense for a pok\u00e9mon that appears only when the ecosystem is endangered to follow ub-01 since it 's said that it 's a threat to umanity and pok\u00e9mon alike ... 
  i 'm positive gladion will be a silver-esque rival , he 'll straight up steal the starter that is strong against you and use it until he gets type null / uses both !, 
  as you can see in the video from the op gladion does n't use just one pok\u00e9mon , in fact he has two in his team ... 
  the tail is clearly a fin which is extremely different from the vaporeon siren tail , if there 's anything related to the eeveelutions it 's probably the back legs beeing similar to those of umbreon but nothing more ... 
  here in italy we 're at volume 4 iirc . 
  i 've still not bought any volume because i want to buy a bunch all together ( at least 7/8 ) , let 's just hope it sells decently enough for the volumes to keep beeing published otherwise i 'll have to import the volumes from uk ... 
  i mean are n't her jacks capable of entering anything ? 
  that means that she can still put them inside an iphone , still i 've always seen jirou as a android user ... 
  yes , of course , i 'm positive jirou could break an iphone 7 with her jacks ... 
  you know that 's against the laws of phisics for asians to be overweight , right ? 
  so when is the ban for lying scheduled for ? 
  buy the thypical italian mustache dlc for the dlc at only 99,99 $, 
  italy 's would be an upside down perfect pyramid that slowly disappears, 
  this week probably too many people took a break since bleach has ended and one piece is on hiatus . 
  still i 'm pretty salty aswell when mha is n't out and many other niche mangas are already translated ... 
  finally , dat fanservice !!!, 
  uraraka on the cover is hot af and the girl from shiketsu is straight up naked . 
  interesting to know that todoroki did n't even see inasa during the test meaning that he probably has some special tecnique ( i 'm thinking wind propulsion ) so that he can travel extremely fast . 
  bakugou is obviously gona win but i 'm surprised kirishima was transformed ( while not defeated ) . 
  if anything the fact that kaminari is with them means that we 'll have to wait at least another 5/6 chapters to see his lightning sword ... 
  where are the second year pool results ? 
  i do n't see them on mangastream , after that recent pool i 'm curious to see how ochako ranked in the pool, 
  pok\u00e9mon emerald, 
  metroid : zero mission, 
  super mario galaxy, 
  pok\u00e9mon x/y, 
  earthbound, 
  i 'm shure you 're wrong , pok\u00e9mon are often mistaken for asian kids ( proof : http://m.imgur.com/gallery/xmreoeu ) . 
  that aint no asian , that 's a snorlax, 
  well that 's only if bakugou does n't defeat the shiketsu student first ... 
  i bet this was made in australia/new zeland so that they could harm people from the other country, 
  as an italian i fully understand calem and serena, 
  smoking is quite a problem in italy , yes , things are getting far better from a few years ago , but there 's still plenty of people who smoke , i know lots of people who starter smoking when they were 11/12 and never stopped since . 
  luckily most italians have others healthy habits ( to say one eating healthy food ) so the harm is contained but we still have work to do . 
  thankfully many people are switching to e-cigarettes which do n't cause harm to them and apparently have the same effect ( i 've personally never smoked any kind of cigarette beeing raised by a doctor ) . 
  mainly france and spain ; germany for some people people in the north ;, 
  lack of work ( mainly for young people ) and will to work . 
  it happens to hear about people who turned down job offers because they did n't like the position even if the family of the person who was offered a job is struggling . 
  other than that taxes are among the highest in europe and bureaucracy makes every process excessively complicated and long to end . 
  personally i ca n't really distinguish accents from people across the us unless they make heavy use of slang or not but that 's probably due to my poor english skills , still imho an american accent is far more understandable than a british or a scottish one , especially when talking fast , when talking about attractiveness i have to say i prefer a british accent over an american one in woman but probably i 'd get bored faster about the british one while i could talk for hours with someone with an american accent . 
  on top of my head i ca n't really think about any particular phrase to impress an italian girl , usually i tend to compliment them about what strikes to me about them ( eyes , hair , attitue etc. ), 
  and try to find common interests to talk about ... 
  lmao , here in italy gianni is super famous , not only for his great career as a singer , but also because he manages to respond to all the haters on socials and make them shut up, 
  americans usually try to speak like itallian americans not realizing that they end up with a messy mixture of dialects and wrong words ( since most italian americans are sons of actual italians and they never learned italian here ) . 
  brits get the accent better but ca n't say `` r '' or `` z '', 
  jokes on you not so younger brothers !, 
  i 'm 9 years younger than my brother and 6 younger than my sister , so i always got to play alone !, 
  now , given ub02 beauty resembles lusamine i wonder who ub02 expansion is based off ... 
  i think you need to be in a specific place where sun/moon are particularly intense at midnight/midday so that rockruff evolves permanently in that specific form and remains such forever ... 
  omg yes , please , gimmie dem litten evos, 
  i do n't think they can make it exclusive , they never made an evolution method exclusive , plus in sun there 's night and in moon there 's daylight so it would n't even make sense ... 
  please no , make it a 4 foot tiger with either pure fire or fire/poison, 
  still bangable, 
  ( no / s ), 
  dude fucked up big time, 
  i remembr the peculiar use of textures of this show ... 
  ochako activated waifu mode when she wore that dress on the cover page , i do n't know what 's about it but she looks hot af, 
  ok you got me there lmao, 
  2 . kaminari, 
  andavamo cos\u00ec bene nel grafico , poi sono entrati in gioco `` freedom to make life choices '' , `` generosity '' e `` perceptions of corruption '' ... 
  mrs. banana ?
