  reptilians ? 
  who said it ? 
  oh come on !, 
  candela is 10 times hotter than blanche , it does n't matter what team you are part of . 
  on a sidenote peach  samus is a disgrace, 
  fuck off fox . 
  in quel caso serve un [ body pillow ] ( https://www.google.it/search?q=body+pillow+anime&amp;rlz=1c1asut_enit475it475&amp;espv=2&amp;biw=1242&amp;bih=585&amp;site=webhp&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewihxiu24o7pahxm1xokhaekbbgq_auibigb ), 
  10 years since haruhi suzumiya 's anime was made and still no season 3 : '' '' ' c, 
  imho it 'd be well accepted , people who watch the anime this days still classify it as remarkably good and i 'm shure the plot would be a huge selling point, 
  they are cyborgs !, 
  why is n't franky here ( despite me hating him so much as a character ) ?!, 
  so that 's why they have so little women , they do n't need them , they can regenerate the same soldiers over and over again !, 
  i 'm surprised in reiju still beeing in the country , perhaps she does n't know about the soldiers ( hence why se always was with the father in the flashback ) ? 
  when i saw her i said `` who the hell is this bald guy !??! '', 
  then i realized, 
  imho he did n't show the chef beeing hit for that purpose , since it 's so unusual for a man to hit a woman in one piece oda decided to simply draw the chef on the floor instead of niji beating her . 
  niji was angry about the food , everyone else was eating normally, 
  the title is about what sanji owes to zeph, 
  she has to , her and number 4 were introduced as good characters , there 's simply not enough people with luffy to fight all the germa and all of big mom 's underlings , they need help from reiju and number 4, 
  but he 's also the only borther that does n't seem to want to kill sanji , he 's the one who 's been with sanji for the whole time since he arrived to the germa kingdom ... 
  dude , you are getting the cool rockruff evolution , leave us some of the coolest creatures , our lion is n't even fire type : c, 
  best jeanist and the paper ninja are extremely cool and strong imho , they simply could n't shine at their best against a41, 
  it 's confirmed that in sun you can only get the day form while in moon you can only get the night form ... 
  uh , you made me think , what if the ex # 3 ( now # 2 ) appeared only once he earned the # 1 spot ? 
  of course that 'd need endeavor to retire/be killed to occur, 
  i was so happy when i saw kaminari was in the title , then i got disappointed when i realized he won without using the lightning sword ... 
  still 5 students already made it , there are only 24 ( or 21 ? ), 
  places left and 15 more ua students , i wo n't lie , i 'd like for some of them to not pass the test . 
  still happy to see yaoyorozu and jirou made it . 
  and kaminari 's move was decent i guess ... 
  overall i prefer solgaleo 's design but i do n't get why it 's not fire type : c, 
  too bad they can make hundreds of boats with the money earned by one single travel . 
  the situation would have changed from years now if it was that easy ... 
  what kind of dumb answer is `` does n't know '' ? 
  you never asked yourselves the meaning of life ? 
  ma hai mai visto i suoi video ? 
  qualcuno dia un nobel all ` op . 
  soooo sanji named his mother , perhaps he was the only biological son of judge ? 
  bet all your money on leicester winning the english premier league in 2015/2016 . 
  on a side note fuck that girl , she 'll become even hotter, 
  iida remains a terrible character imho , wish stain managed to kill him ... 
  it just that i do n't like the character , when he was introduced i got the vibe of a super-competitive character that always want to be the # 1 in the class but since the end of the entrance exam he was glued to deku/useless , he never tried to shine , and this chapters proves it even more . 
  it 's also a shame because his power is really good but come on , you ca n't let a super fast character say `` i want the others to go ahead first '' ... 
  thx, 
  make haruhi season 3 with all that money !, 
  can we take a minute to realize how hot sanji 's mom is ? 
  moar shipping !, 
  also my boy todoroki beeing hated for no reason : c i really want to know what endeavor did to inasa ... 
  todoroki needs friends . 
  but most importantly yaoyorozu ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  this brings back really good memories . 
  like that one time my sister broke her leg jumping off the coach while singing the opening song for cardcaptor sakura . 
  i just now realize how much i owe to this anime ... 
  also izuku reminds me of link in that outfit : v, 
  eminente *, 
  mikuru is even more waifu, 
  i still do n't get if clarence is talking to himself or if clarence is the bellsprout and dodouo is actually talking to him, 
  give more of that `` exposed skin '' to todoroki, 
  i really enjoye the bakugou scene and i highly anticipated it last week but i have to say that i would n't have minded seeing him be serious once in a while and actually helping people properly ... 
  l o s a p e v o !, 
  and people say litten 's final evo is n't cool, 
  yup , the leaks said it 'd be fire/dark, 
  100000000000000 di bitcoin ( ? ), 
  eh , i know straight dudeds that look far more gay than kirishima , still pretty interesting character due to his sexual orientation, 
  american 1000 % the japanese actor for all might would put far too much emphasis on the `` smash '' making it boring after 2/3 times . 
  i can picture this scene far too well in my mind for it to not happen ... 
  daaaaaaamn, 
  yes , todomomo has to happen, 
  alredy posted a few weeks ago, 
  todomomo intensifies . 
  seiously , he acknowledged the ship < 3, 
  university or u.a.u. 
  for short ( pronounced as `` wow '' ), 
  : c i need season 3, 
  i 'm stuck at the kureha level and the tashiji level respectively for chaos hina and chaos smoker . 
  my only leggend is rayleigh ( maxed ) , i have most common/usefull units excluding story croc and enel ( i never got the first one and i need to evolve the second one ) and anyone who was introduced in the last few sugos ( i got like 8 sanjis with my latest pulls ) . 
  i do not have wb nor mihawk 's ship . 
  please help me build the teams needed to win this two stages . 
  should i use ray for tashiji aswell ? 
  do n't worry suggesting characters , as i previously said i have most of the available characters on global, 
  as like 90 % of nowdays topolino characters of course we made the best ones ( eta beta , indiana pips etc. ), 
  well one could say ezio is too iconic for ubisoft and the ac franchise so ... 
  true story ? 
  roger said he read it on tumblr , now , if you people who are on tumblr could kindly find the translations i would apreciate it a lot, 
  poor todoroki , getting hate from inasa when he did nothing to deserve it ... 
  she 'd be the kind of girl for kirishima , if only kirishima was straight lmao, 
  i really like him too . 
  moreover i think the choice to give him a suit instead of a costume is spot-on because an orca character with a suite would look far too goofy , this way instead you know he means buisness as soon as you see him, 
  nope , just a popular opinion, 
  welp , colour me surprised, 
  it 's happening, 
  i ca n't stop thinking about that link screaming `` wheeew ! '', 
  i ca n't really say much on this week chapter , not much happened and i was already distracted by the nintendo switch announcement , still we 're in for a great chapter next week < . <, 
  best toaster of 2017 confirmed !, 
  so hyped, 
  can we now agree that pok\u00e9mon go coming out worldwide is one of the biggest problems of our society ? 
  thanks op !, 
  was n't it supposed to mainly talk about the smartphone animal crossing game that was later postponed to early 2017 ? 
  if so then i think the direct itself might have been postponed , in the end we know that nintendo said that the ac game for smarphone would work with `` an unannounced ac game '' which by now is clearly gona release on the switch and , since nintendo said they wo n't reveal any more news about the switch or it 's games it would n't surprise me if they delayed the direct to say jan/feb 2017 so that they can talk both the smartphone game and the animal crossing game for switch ... 
  since i decided to not buy a wii u i 'd be okay with it not releasing d1 because i need to pick up a few games i missed from that console ( splatoon in particular since it 's amongst the few they 've announced , but i really want a xenoblade chronicles x port aswell ) .
