  that 's so clever , carts that advertise karts !, 
  did you know that ubisoft developers often used the sentence `` look like hollywood , play like nintendo '' when making the first assassin 's creed ? 
  i swear , i almost never use the remote bombs because any time i see one i lose like 10 seconds thinking `` wait , what is chandelure doing in a zelda game ? '', 
  - electric wires ;, 
  - tree branches ;, 
  - rubber ( possibly monkey d. luffy cameo ) ;, 
  first world problems at its finest, 
  tell me that that tree in front of the second tower is hidinig the word metroid ... 
  that 's not how you 're supposed to play mirror stages in mk8 you silly !, 
  more like splatoon !, 
  so he was n't into the girl, 
  is it lame ? 
  `` fear made us cry ,, 
  fear drives our lives ,, 
  fear will let me die '', 
  or something totally different like, 
  `` yo , cop , watch out before you turn on that switch , your hands are wet ! '', 
  yeah , i noticed that aswell , it was so funny xd, 
  good morning mr koizumi , quick question :, 
  in all of your years of work at nintendo what was the best game you were n't involved with that you played from another nintendo team ? 
  it 's my personal favourite because i find their pasta to turn out better when making dishes like pasta al forno , as many already said it 's one of the best ones you can find unless you want to look into specialized shops that offer smaller brands that are better in quality but also pricier, 
  make shure to visit cinque terre by boat , i 've hear of people who did n't know that cinque terre are surrounded by mountains so they went there hoping to visit the different cities by car one after another , there 's plenty of boats for tourists that visit all the best cities in the coast so it should be easy to get on one . 
  just in case , look up when the ticket offices open and try to be there by that time or if you can book them in advance !, 
  it 's one of panga 's levels , is n't it ? 
  [ so close ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zt2z0nrsq8o ), 
  the katana seems out of place ... 
  mario + rabbids will redeem ubisoft !, 
  this is one of my favourite sidequests in the game , the small ritos were so cute :d, 
  it 's hard to say , mha will likely end around chapter 500 so it wo n't have enough time for several hundreds of chapters gaps in foreshadowing , but it still can make pretty big gaps showing horikoshi 's ability to having a clear idea of what would happen in the manga from the very start, 
  it 's both a matter of gameplay and personal taste : i feel like iida would be focused solely on fast combat , something that all the other characters i mentioned except from uraraka can do so i felt it 'd be kinda repetitive since iida 's power as of now ca n't add anything on top of that as opposed to the explosions from bakugou and todoroki 's powers . 
  i think iida would fit better in a musou game which is n't the kind of action game i was thinking about when writing the op . 
  plus iida is one of my least favourite characters and the fact that he got less and less screentime lately does n't help : v, 
  oh that 's a great pick !, 
  i love atlus and while it would n't be the kind of game i originally thought about it 'd certainly be great !, 
  their artistic style also fits very well with bnha , the menus and texts cound be made like in p5 but with a stronger comic vibe ( making dialogue baloons oval shaped , changing the font depending on the character 's feelings etc. ), 
  uraraka stole luffy 's hat !, 
  disastro ? 
  sooooo is it now pudding time ? 
  pudding saves the day for smoothie & co. erasing big mom 's memories , everyone thanks her for saving their life and she requests to let the straw hats escape this one time/to let her go with them and everyone silently agrees , then pudding becomes a strawhat !, 
  i think pudding will save her brothers/sisters by erasing big mom 's memory and then they will let her leave with the strawhats, 
  she 's a cutie though , and she showed some feelings for sanji !, 
  oda ca n't leave her with her family !, 
  agreed , the question is : did big news morgans make it in time to report everything ? 
  we saw him falling holding a den den mushi, 
  and he must have taken the picture from an helicopter, 
  though italy is very close to egypt and egyptian scorpions are known to be poisonous , so 500 more chances it 'll be able to kill you and 1000 points to gryffindor while we 're at it, 
  they do n't wan na mess with the `` sacra colonia unita '', 
  unless ... op tell me you did n't eat that chocolate !, 
  qualsiasi post con il meme di peer schneider merita un upvote, 
  you do n't even know the struggle of italians with americans who pretend to be italian . 
  they also pretend to be able to cook . 
  / r/jokes perch\u00e9 la mia fame di black homour non ha mai fine, 
  samus , is that you ? 
  i mean , it 's a big candy , i think one is enough !, 
  nothing, 
  oh , you brought up a funny one , linguini does n't exist in italian , the plural name is linguine while the singular is linguina , it 's feminine whilst spaghetto is male, 
  a kid awakens a godly dragon that stops the fight between two giant monsters that are about to bring the world to an end . 
  hint below :, 
  ^ he ^ also ^ completes ^ an ^ encyclopedia, 
  lulz, 
  alfredo is an italian name , but the alfredo sauce has nothing to do with italian cuisine, 
  it 's raviolo , most italian words work that way : - o ( male , singular ) , - i ( male , plural ), 
  is this a jojo reference ? 
  officer mike is the real deal , he picked my waifu from all of anime, 
  consider this : if haruhi is the creator of the unverse she also would have kind of an incestuos relationship if she were to end up with kyon, 
  now i want that haruhi poster !, 
  best anime of all time !, 
  hai idea di quanta gente andrebbe a rubare i quadri ? 
  - singapore, 
  - toronto, 
  male --  illegal, 
  female --  legal, 
  i do n't understand , explain d :, 
  nice, 
  rekt, 
  question 2 : avoid places with `` italian '' in the sign , they are tourist traps most of the time . 
  as in every trip , try to find out where the locals go to eat since it 's the easiest way to find good restaurants, 
  it 's really good . 
  the drawings are amazing , the characters are very diferent and yet all very likable , the plot keeps getting better while you read as the villains are some of the best you could find in a manga both because of their power and their ideals , of course not all of them are at the same level but those that are lower are there for a purpose . 
  plus if you are the kind of person that wants to speculate about stuff that is n't yet explained in one piece you 'll get some of that in mha too since there are many unsolved mysteries that horikoshi does n't seem to explain any time soon, 
  hard to tell , most of the characters are aged 15 yet they have almost the same height as regular people , other superheroes are taller though !, 
  i think pudding is lying she ca n't be mad at sanji after everyone but him insulting her, 
  linlin , have you tried eating your enemies again ? 
  evil pudding will backstab every last one of the people that called her that way , mark my words, 
  yes , from other people, 
  folding it more than 2 times gets tricky , especially if you have a pizza with a lot of topping, 
  because there are some weirdos like this classmate of mine that do n't trust in other people cutting their food since they are afraid they 'll get some kind of disease , it 's not like the cheese and dough for the pizza met the bare hands of the pizzaiolo in the first place ... 
  instructions unclear : got pizza pregnant, 
  breaking italy ? 
   italy in general . 
  it 's a nice place to live in because we have a good expectancy of life due to our healthcare system ( it 's free as opposed to the pricy american one ) and our lyfestyle in general : big cities are n't that common ( or , at least they are not as big as in the us , a city to be considered big in italy needs just 100k + citizens ) and our diet is quite healty since we care about the quality of the food . 
  that being said italy has many problems : seeking for employment is a nightmare , especially for young people since most of the population are elder people ( due to our great health ) and many of them are still employed since our retirement age is constantly rising . 
  this is a result of the 2008 crisis and years of corruption for our govenament . 
  our bureaucracy is also a big problem since it 's extremely slow and , in combination with the aforementioned corruption , leads to great losses of money , time and resources . 
   north & south italy, 
  it 's a problem that comes from the historical background of italy , southern italy results less advanced than the north where industries have grown for decades now , many attempts have been made so that south could catch-up with the north but we did n't manage to get them on par , mostly due to the strength of the mafia in some of those territories . 
   other nearby european countries, 
  french guys suck , french ladies are welcome ;, 
  switzerland is a dreamland , especially for people who live near the border , it 's also where most of the money of our politicians likely resides ;, 
  slovenia is forgotten by many but is a cool place ( see what i did there ? ),
