  but the fact is that class 1-a is ( unconciously for some of them ) making team work in the best way possible : while from his words i think todoroki realized this bakugou is n't aware of it but he still, 
  involuntarily helped a lot his classmates by chosing to separate from them : both todoroki and bakugou 's powers focus on range attacks , if they were to form one single group not only they would risk to harm their own classmates , but also beeing clearly stronger than them they 'd likely take out more people than what they need , ending up making it more difficult for their classmates to get their two `` kills '' : immagine if the vine girl from 1-b was to work with all of her class , she 'd need an extreme accuracy to follow the movements of all of her vines , otherwise she 'd hit many of her classmates ... 
  so tic tacs are made by ferrero which is the italian company behind nutella . 
  i do n't personally know if tic tacs where invented here or if they were purchased from some other company but since here in italy the colour of the container matches that of the flavor while the tic tacs remain white i think that 's the norm in any country besides us ... 
  here in italy there are wayyyyy more flavors , probably it 's because ferrero is italian and they want to see how popular they are here before releasing them in other countries :p, 
  maybe 1-a students were n't aware of it because none of their parents are heroes ( excluding todoroki , who had a terrible relationship with his father before the sports festival , so he might very well have chosen for him to go to u.a. 
  so that he could get properly trained when it 'd come the moment of beeing crushed ) so they could n't be told about it , in the end the license exam is n't broadcasted via tv , nobody else than people who attended to it would know about it . 
  yup , just wanted to explain to my fellow compatriot in the best way possible the situation , hence why i spoke in italian ... 
  nope , it 's in my backlog, 
  again , why has n't youtube introduced a clickbait ban yet ? 
  nope , because the scheme is ball-target-mineta , mineta does n't phisically touch the ball, 
  that my mother is n't a trustworthy `` mirror '' when i prepared to go outside for the night i always asked my mom `` are my hair ok ? '', 
  and she always said `` yeah , they are nice ! '', 
  only to go out without combing them and looking like a tramp, 
  that 's a sleek car for ya !, 
  gives a little 80s vibe to me but i ai n't complaining, 
  `` you shall not pass, 
  another woman looking at her ass while you are married ! '', 
  of course everyone should be blue , who would want to be green ? 
  probably some poorly educated person asking for sex to a person called `` died '' did it first . 
  it 's not like i 'm underestimating mina , i 'm just saying that even if she was n't powerful enough she 's needed to fangirl whenever deku and ochako are together , so she would make it to the topcut anyway ... 
  i think that he can , but , as all characters that can copy themselves in anime , it 'd have some major drawback like the copies getting dumber/weaker the more he copies himself, 
  i have a really long backlog , but i 'll try to do my best, 
  probably mina fans misunderstood what i was trying to say, 
  wolfe completely dominated the battle , there was no significant hax and in the end the best player won . 
  kudos to wolfe !, 
  thank you once again alphabetical order, 
  please explain to a non english speaker from birth ( no pun intended ) what word ` womb should be part of, 
  omg i love this subreddit already, 
  i read gaytars and thought it was a pun about guitars, 
  oh , perhaps `` womb . '', 
  is the name of a place ? 
  otherwise i do n't get why the dot is inside the quotes, 
  seems us finally made beeing a weaboo illegal, 
  we need `` whey '' to become the word that appears when you upvote someone in this subreddit, 
  yup , i thought the same , she can produce laughing gas but is n't immune to it which explains why she 's always laughing, 
  nope , i 'd much prefer kouta to re-appear as a student after a timeskip ( which is very , very likely ) than him to be the next 14a user ... 
  that is amazing, 
  that yveltal is amazing , you know i think he 's really growing on me , he might be in my top 3 favourite legendaries, 
  this one has a terrible design imho , i very much prefer the edgy regular ps4 to this rounded apple tv . 
  let 's just hope nx has a better design ... 
  i suggest you to try to find a way to improve the head , the rest of the body is pretty much perfect, 
  i think wsj will be satisfied with 300 to 500 chapters that fill 6 to 10 years of the weekly, 
  np , i really like all of your content , i 've begun reading mha after you and a few friends of mine suggested it, 
  now that horikoshi gave us that momo we ca n't live without it, 
  oh ... my ... goodness !, 
  why is it not available yet ? 
  real life pok\u00e9mon : we are getting closer, 
  yeah ... people are overestimating vr . 
  there are n't that many people that can afford such expensive technology, 
  now if i ever go to the us i wo n't try a chocolate bar , not like i liked chocholate in the first place ... 
  11 % is like nothing holly f ** k , i knew food standards were low in usa and canada but i did n't know it was this bad ... 
  america is n't the world , plus i 'm postive most people wo n't feel it as an essential object , moreover most tvs and mixers do n't do even close to the price of a vr headset + a pc capable of running games properly for it . 
  the malcolm feels, 
  yup , i 've never tried it , and honestly i 'm not interested in the tecnology . 
  i 'm not that big of a fan of first person games in the first place and honestly i 'd feel legittimately terrified knowing that i have something that blocks both my eyes and my ears at the same time since if something were to happen in my house i would n't realize it until i ended my gaming session which would be far enough for :, 
  - something catching fire ;, 
  - a burglar entering my house ;, 
  - somebody getting injured and asking for help while i ca n't hear them ;, 
  i do n't care about the kind of experience it gives me , the price is just ridiculous . 
  i could pay a quality hooker to stay with me for a week for the same ammount of money , but even if she 'd offer me a `` great experience '' i do n't do it lmao . 
  sooooo why did a 11 year old buy a car ? 
  i 'm missing the point, 
  where is the guy who gives the nobel prizes when this stuff happens ? 
  actually if he was 11 in the 1948 photo he was born in 1937 , two years before that car model ... 
  i 'm positive ( and i hope ) this was the main quake , here in italy smaller earthquakes are fairly common , but stronger ones are quite rare , they hardy go past 6.5 / 7.0, 
  well shit , i live in italy and turned 17 two days ago ... 
  you clearly are n't italian if you think this is bad use of money , every year hundreds of infrastuctures start beeing built only for them to not be finished after they 've spent a few milion euros on each one . 
  this not only is a good way to put the economy in movement : if people buy tickets for concerts , they 'll have to spend their own money for the fuel to reach the place where the concert is taking place/tickets for pubblic transports , if people buy books in local stores they help small libraries and so on but it 's also a good way to get young people interested in culture --  making them smarter people --  making them capable of beeing good citizens that pay taxes and follow the laws, 
  smaller italian cities lack librabries , this way they give access to the young people who live in small cities . 
  the initiative starts on september 15th but it 's applied to all people born in 1998 . 
  saddly it 's not known if this 500 euros will still be a thing next year when i tun 18 ... 
  they spend bilions every year giving work to thousands of masons for infrastuctures that will never be completed , this is a far better use . 
  `` taxes on books strangely rise 9000 % in italy '', 
  6.2 is moderately strong , only 21 people died ;, 
  1.5 a small portion of the country was affected ;, 
  there is other money set in place to be used for similar events . 
  it 's restricted to be used for cultural purposes : books , cinema/opera/concerts tickets and natural parks trips can all be bought with this money, 
  not the whole country was affected , also the zone hit by the earthquake is one of those with the highest ammount of old people :p, 
  villages ? 
  when did italy become a third world african country ? 
  btw more than 90 % of buildings in italy are so old that they were made when people thought earthquakes were sent by jupiter so there 's that, 
  yup , investing on the intelligence of future citizens is a waste of money ... 
  i live in a 10 + k citizens city in emilia romagna and there is only one library , the books are all in medium to bad state , any book released after 1980 does n't exist here outside of geronimo stilton , i can only immagine what is the state of libraries in southern italy in cities with say 2000-5000 citizens . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 've seen fabolous libraries in nearby cities that are far bigger than mine , but if this is the condition of a library in a medium sized city ( for italy 's standards ) i find it to be a far better choice to give the '98 the choice to spend the money on the kind of culture they prefer instead of giving say 10k euros to each library which would likely be spent on old books instead of books requested by younger people ( not necessarily because librarians do n't listen to young people , but simply because there are lots of older people requesting the libraries to buy books ), 
  i 'm positive a kindle ca n't be paid with those 500 $ even if it 's purpose is to read books at a dirt cheap price, 
  people in the zone hit by the previous quake just told me that a second quake arrived just a few minutes ago, 
  it 'd probably fail since a ditto ca n't transform into another ditto that transformed into another pok\u00e9mon, 
  nice photoshop, 
  who would have tought , oh , that 's right , everyone, 
  eh , i do n't know , we still do n't know if mimkyu learns transform or any other move based off it 's appearance , hence why i think it 'd fail, 
  yay !, 
  who would have guessed ? 
  ** sarcam drops like rain in a tropical forest **, 
  so i can blame my monkey-like hairy arms and legs the next time i rank last in a race during p.e. 
  i do n't see any egg in there , i 'm italian and if there is no eggs in there it ai n't carbonara ... 
  actually onion are used by many in italy , at least far more than garlic !, 
  personally i do n't like to taste both but if you want to use them make shure to put the onion and the garlic on the pan with oil , then remove the garlic and keep the onions in the pan mixing them with the pancetta , 
  dude , you really do n't want to trigger my fellow romans , trust me , do n't touch the carbonara, 
  we 're salty only when you talk about our food :p,
