really ? 
  on such a game that will get forgotten about in 10 years ? 
  i think he deserves more , if not something phisical as a statue or something similar they should make an online baloon fight memorial site ; they might call the nx the `` nintendo iwata '' , they might call the protagonist of the next main nintendo ip satoru ( or iwata if it sounds more appealing as a first name ) adn many more !, 
  absolutely needed . 
  especially knowing what kind of relationship there is between nintendo and google, 
  buuuuuuuut we do n't know how much does fujitora know about all this stuff , fujitora has kept acting like an outsider since he first appeared . 
  honestly i think it is more likely that fujitora asks him to become a shichibukai and without an answer he assumes luffy accepted , this way the marines would get involved in the war versus kaido , since mugiwaras atm have desperate necessity of allies, 
  well , it 's extraordinary circumstances ... 
  yeah , gen1ers will accept you and they are the majority of the comunity . 
  blaziken/fire master race !, 
  1-fake , you can tell because this is the look of megabarbaracle ;, 
  2 - i 'm counting 7 arms , math tells me there should be another to make the evolution logic ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ;, 
  3 - after `` punch your face , in the face '' prepare for `` punch with a hand made of punches '' ;, 
  how do you feel about mcdonalds ? 
  i 'm positive this is fake , that gengar looks way too bad . 
  sooooo is dragonite handing you over your fine or what ? 
  am i in time to make a joke about bakugou 's bombs ? 
  they are explosive !, 
  also damn todoroki ... 
  mh , this might be it , in the end i always thought it was strange for him to have 2 completely unrelated side effects to his power , maybe the only true side effect is his tumbs blocking !, 
  you also have to think that it was rather convinient that the electric quirk user to spare him just `` because he had an ability similar to him '' . 
  if i were a bad guy and found a hero with the same power as of mine i would try instantly to take him out before he could share details on the weak spot of my power with his allies ... 
  so you 're supposing deku will soon have his own harem aswell ? 
  i ship momo x todoroki aswell , i do n't care if they are the best of the class , todoroki went through so much stuff in his life that he deserves to get a girl like her , also it was hinted a few times that she 's into him < . <, 
  1 ) i 'm positive , the one for all has been described as a combination of a `` storing power '' qwirk with a handing down qwirk meaning that the power that is stored must be the one coming from the previous users , `` well , maybe it 's just the user that has to store his power to use it when needed ! '', 
  you might argue but it 's been stated that none of the 14a possessors managed to defeat a41 before all might which means that the more the power is handed down , the more it becomes stronger , in the end it 's clear by all might 's regular body shape that he could never store enough power to become his alternate form , meaning that it 's only thanks to his predecessors that he 's able to do so , hence why i think all might will die , giving a small boost to the 14a power in the hands of izuku ;, 
  2 - i dunno , i think endeavour wo n't last much as the # 1 hero , he 's strong , but he also has proven to not be able to fight more than just a few noumus and , given said monsters will likely get stronger in the future , i could see him dying aswell making his death the starting point for a huge character development of todoroki ;, 
  3-i think the super speed and strenght will remain but from now on i expect izuku to start fighting more with kicks or maybe even his head , i do n't know why but after the fight between all might and a41 i expect him to get some ability similar to that of gear 3 luffy ;, 
  4-no i do n't think it 'll be that long , given how much the story has progressed until now i expect it to not go past chapter 400/500 , especially since it 's been stated that the `` academia '' would last 3 years , one of which will end in a week in the story , meaning that 1 year = about 100 chapters so there will probably be 300 chapters + final battles and end of the story, 
  - the lizard guy lacks his scales ;, 
  - the magnet dude seems to have breasts ;, 
  - why in the world do i immagine every single character in this manga to have different hair colours than the ones they actually have besides deku ? 
  - why ca n't i remember half the names of the characters even if i like this manga so much ? 
  if you 're an anime only watcher do n't worry , the answer will soon be given , otherwise if you 're on par with the manga you should already know the answer ... 
  he did n't get higher in my list only because he reminds me too much of falco lombardi from the star fox games ... 
  a relationship focused on cats ? 
  it 's pretty sad if you ask me ( but then again i 'm a cat hater ) . 
  still it could work but as of now mandalay has been too much of a secondary character to end up with erasehead, 
  the left ( for the viewer ) shoulder/arm looks too big in perspective , try to make it a little smaller . 
  overall great drawing !, 
  so we all know how bakugou suggested izuku to jump off a window to try and see if he has a flying quirk right ? 
  i think that 's forshadowing of mizuriya 's actual quirk , which will activate during a battle taking place on an high builing when an enemy will make him fall , that 's right the doctor showed the wrong sheet to izuku and his mother , his 5th finger is just like that of any other quirk user . 
  that was forshadowed aswell during one of the very first chapters when midoriya fell in his classroom and there was a focus on his shoe , possibly indicating that that 's when his power activated !, 
  i did n't inted to say that he must fly , maybe he has some kind of power that stops him from extremely powerful crashes against earth , so ironically it would have manifested if ochako did n't save him after he used the 14a the first time , or maybe he has a combination of the powers of his parents making it so he can control the movements of fire which would be helpful in fights against todoroki , bakugou and dabi !, 
  well izuku 's mother specified that she can move thelepatically only small objects so it would probably work only with weaker attacks forcing midoriya 's opponents to charge their attacks and use more stamina all at once while not completely nerfing them !, 
  they ca n't give life to thing tough . 
  demi-god it is then !, 
  awwwwww yes !, 
  best shipping in the series !, 
  they remind me of shawn and aiden frost from inazuma eleven ... 
  i 'm postive it wo n't . 
  mha is going to end around chapter 300/350 imho so it wo n't last long enough for people to really grow tired of it or having its ending speed up , especially given the series that will end in the next months/years that will leave a gap to be filled in shonen jump , if they also removed mha they would lose far too many recognizable characters ... 
  imho the smile will remain , in the end , deku will become the new symbol of peace and that 's the distinctive element of all might that all characters ( bakugou included ) apreciate of him . 
  mineta will appear in like the first 2/3 pages to talk about mei 's crack, 
  so , just to throw it out there , i think the admirals are overrated , so imho none of them ( excluding maybe akainu ) are in the top 10 of the strongest characters . 
  if i were to list the top 5 it 'd likely be this :, 
  oh , also i think that luffy will soon become stronger than big mom , i think the true challenge for him against her will be the huge number of allies of hers , not her power which is strong , but can certainly be defeated by a character that is both fast and strong . 
  honestly he 's a combination of the stereotipical western superhero , it does n't matter who he takes inspiration from : he has super strenght and a blue/red costume just like both characters ... 
  dude i can be underestimating admirals but you are clearly overestimating vice admirals , they are so weak it is n't even funny excluding smoker/coby . 
  doffy had easily the upper hand in a 1 vs 1 with smoker so from that you can already tell that luffy        any vice admiral . 
  you ca n't rank jack in the same tier as marco and sabo , they would certainly win against inuharashi and nekomamushi . 
  big mom is clearly the weakest of the yonkou ( taken singularly , non counting her crew ) so it 's possible that she 's just more powerful than doffy ( not by a large margin ) but her power and her huge crew make her apparently undefeatable for pirates/marines . 
  also you have to conside her age , just like the doflamingo family and wb she 's not in her best conditions , so it 's normal to expect her to be weaker ... 
  oda stated that post timeskip usopp is physically as strong as pre-timeskip zoro , so i think enel would win unless usopp developed harmament haki ... 
  it was made just after the timeskip if i reacall correctly so now he 's probably as strong as pre timeskip luffy . 
  i 'm positive he meant post enies lobby zoro . 
  still even if he 's smarter if he does n't have armament haki i doubt he could face pre-timeskip enel . 
  in what chapter did the doctor appear with a41 ? 
  i ca n't find it but i recall seeing it, 
  nope , as said by all might for the 14a to be transfered the current owner of the power must want to transfer it , if he does n't want to he 's gona keep it . 
  why does this exist and why does uraraka have those cat eyes ? 
  i knew pudding was trustworthy !, 
  pudding4strawhat !, 
  i think this might be the right time for oda to get rid of caesar , he clearly wo n't become a nakama , he will help the straw hats for the last time by giving the posionous candies to all of big mom 's relatives but he 'll end up beeing eaten by perospero imho, 
  i would have done the same #gocaesar #noshame, 
  poor guy , he just poisoned dozzens of kids and an entire island and possibly anyone who ate a smile ( you ca n't get a smile out of something called sad , it certainly will cause all the smile users to have huge problems ) , he did n't do anything wrong ... ( though i respect him for the use he made of the money big mom gave to him ), 
  brook with that scarf reminds me of erasehead from my hero academia ... 
  yup , and he already has a better beard than mine and he smokes cigars . 
  now i suddenly want to be part of the capone family ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  if anything this chapter exculpates her from any kind of accuse , she would have brought sanji to the straw hats if she was n't forced to chose her dress ... 
  plot twist , that was n't zeff but sanji 's mother : that 's right she had a wooden leg and a beard !, 
  if anything it 's what tamago said that makes him trustworthy , he clearly remembers him for his betrayal but still does n't want to let the guards to know that a member of the big mom crew managed to leave it alive !, 
  thanks !, 
  well yes they indeed look alike !, 
  what about pudding ? 
  now that we know she did n't betray the straw hats but she was simply stuck against her will i expect her to join , if anything she has more chances than carrot since luffy himself stated that even if they got married he would take sanji 's wife on the sunny with them ... also there 's no two without three so maybe all three wil join !, 
  the funniest thing to me is that perospero would likely get poisoned aswell by eating him due to caesar 's powers ; even if he was indeed turned into a candy he would probably still be poisonous ... 
  i did the same but in only 2 days last week xd my favourite character is todoroki, 
  i mean that would give explanation on if the bakugou x kirishima ship is a thing or not ... 
  so sanji : izuku = pudding : ochako ? 
  why are you asking ? 
  italian btw ... 
  well , if you 've read all the chapters you should know that there 's a certain character that can steal quirks ... 
  i called it correctly then , nice to finally see izuku using his legs , i thought this change was necessary : previously izuku used the 14a with his legs only a handfull of times while all might constantly used it for rapid movement , if izuku manages to get quicker he 'll get a huge advantage on bakugou . 
  also todoroki hype for the combined attack , i ca n't wait , he looks more and more like shawn frost !, 
  then trust me , there 's a reason , 
  i think it was said in an interview , it was referenced to by many famous youtubers that talk about onepiece aswell !, 
  it 's not really something i pay attention to and as far as i know it 's not a rule , i 'm positive i 've used interrogation and esclamation marks without putting a space in between them but when you do n't have a limit of space i definitely find it better to look at if said marks are separate from the rest of the sentence , them beeing atached to the last word gives the sensation of a confined space . 
  it might also be due to the fact that in italian ( and possibly even french ) the intonation you use to speak out your sentence is key to it 's meaning , changing the intonation can change the meaning of the sentence from a question , to a statement to an order : say for example , in english you 'd say `` the house is empty '' as a statement and `` is the house empty ? '',
