  that beeing said i think nintendo knows too well how many sales a launch zelda can bring for them to not release it d1 , hence why i 'll be picking up my switch with both zelda and splatoon, 
  - xenoblade chronicles x porting ;, 
  - animal crossing compatible with the smartphone game ( possibily in the first 3 months after launch ) ;, 
  - pok\u00e9mon diamond dust and pearl powder ( to appeal to the ds crowd ) ;, 
  - doom ( the new one released this year ) ;, 
  - fire emblem x dynasty warriors crossover developed by koei tecmo ;, 
  - dark souls iii ;, 
  - earthbound definitive edition , including all 3 games ;, 
  shit , too late , it does n't let me add it to the library from pc, 
  todoroki did nothing wrong why the fuck did he not pass the exam ?? 
  op level for the rock type z-move : madara uchiha, 
  the house . 
  one of your choice , 
  nice , lit triforce !, 
  one punch girl, 
  you damn right son, 
  welp seems like everyone and their mom were right about camie beeing toga . 
  now i wonder where the true camie is since toga took her place for 3 days ... 
  cos ' \u00e8 questa discriminazione per le ladies of the day ? 
  more than 15 years later , sanji finally manages to find a girl , i 'm so proud of him, 
  snipe and ectoplasm are just too good, 
  cool thing , i 'm sure this will be pointed out at some point . 
  also i 've just realized how similar their personalities are , too bad they would make a terrible couple , mina beeing hyperactive would make her a far better gf for a lazy character while kirishima is simply gay ( and if not still not a cool couple ), 
  chroma squad but i 'm really ok with any of them !, 
  s ** t it looks like it 's gona be in either germany or eastern europe , i 'd love to work in such a building , especially if it 's made by tesla . 
  too bad i live in italy and do n't speak a word of german : c, 
  i would hope so but saddly i feel like that 's not the case ... 
  canada is n't the best place to be considering we might be on the verge of ww3, 
  you damn right son , you damn right . 
  call him donald, 
  really informative video ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  looks like termina is on earth as of now ... 
  i 'd really like to know how many they produced , i read that the famicom mini sold an estimate 260k units in just 4 days in japan , which imho means that it likely sold 1m ww first week, 
  hey just a little tip for you ... 
  emulation is illegal . 
  i swear to god , i only followed the official announcements , and then used youtube for other videos , i got spoiled almost all of the unannounced pok\u00e9mon via thumbnails , i do n't care if i live in europe , i deserve to get the game on the 18th otherwise any remaining pok\u00e9mon i do n't know of will be spoiled to me, 
  technically it still is but even so most of the people who want an nes do n't own the original one ... 
  wow , that looks cool , i wonder if it got painted , if so please post a pic, 
  ma se ti cade l'uvetta dentro al latte ? 
  dddddd :, 
  happy birthday you crazy genious , now please , for the love of god , let someone else develop starfox ( hint hint insomniac ), 
  while ffxv will go down the same path as xenoblade chronicles x , likely getting a nomination next year , i 'm surprised they did n't wait to release the nominees at least until a major game like pok\u00e9mon sun/moon got released ( especially given the high reviews and the release which is before november 24th in all territories ... ), 
  ^ this , secondo me tralasciando network etc. 
  may i have one please ? 
  i have no money for new games : c, 
  that 's why your wife should always do the laundry, 
  i 'd like to have lead and gold thanks !, 
  beware , miyamoto has a tendency for making games about his hobbies , get ready for guess the object 's size simulator exclusively on nintendo switch !, 
  well we did n't see it clearly , and it 's just a random idea , plus they 've already shown steppe talus , the giant skeleton and the giant with one eye from the switch trailer ... 
  oh , i did n't mean to confuse anyone , i mean it 's almost a guarantee that the final boss will be calamity ganon , but i think that the boss for the airship will be the airship itself , i refered to it as final boss because given the various kinds of moblins in the game i 'm shure there will be some mini-bosses inside of the airship ... 
  i misunderstood his misunderstanding of my post , my bad for making a terrible title, 
  shit , i guess i 'll never go to china, 
  that improved framerate : q ____, 
  wtf, 
  i stil have the knuckles one , it 's battery is gone tough !, 
  it already shows great improvement when stressed by explosions , in the e3 demo the framerate dropped a lot when one of those barrels exploded , here we had 2 ( or maybe more ? ), 
  exploding consequently without any sign of drops !, 
  i bet they 're already printing them somewhere to be available on the 15th or shortly after , they want to have the merchandise ready for when smr is released , just like pok\u00e9mon ... 
  reiju better not die , she 's one of my favourite characters of this arc . 
  also brook vs big mom hype !, 
  hype for the 2nd characters pools results , i really want todoroki to keep that sweet # 2 !, 
  also great chapter , i think eraserhead will stop them next chapter before deku manages to harm bakugou ... 
  it 'd be an anamazing plot twist if bakugou lost one arm !, 
  i hope nintendo makes a similar version of the switch with botw bundled in, 
  well you speak as if we did know what the switch was capable of before the game was showcased , as far as we knew it could have been as powerfull as a wii u if not only slightly more powerful ... 
  all praise mr rayquayquay !, 
  true and only god of the pok\u00e9mon universe ( as long as arceus does n't get a 1000 arms form/megaevolution ), 
  this better be 20 + episodes !, 
  aqua will master this technique so well that she 'll use it on the demon king and , while he 's distracted kazuma will finish him !, 
  plot 10/10, 
  come on megumin , you ai n't reggie, 
  ds pok\u00e9mon nero 2, 
  wii mario kart wii, 
  3ds pok\u00e9mon sole, 
  wii u mario kart 8, 
  japan world cup, 
  learned of it from parliamo di videogiochi, 
  mikuru asahina from the melancholy of haruhi suzumiya, 
  thanks, 
  merci, 
  plot twist : i jihadisti non considerano l'italia un grande paese europeo, 
  this is it guys , this is the thing that will trigger sanji into beating up a woman , sanji will destroy pudding now . 
  i 'm kinda sad tough , i really wanted her to be good and to join the crew ... 
  todoroki only # 3 : c i really wanted him to be # 2 after one of the obvious ones , also momo dropped for some reason ... 
  mafia e mangiarci sopra is the way, 
  the donald strikes back / s, 
  great choices for most of the picks , i probably would have bought a second copy of tloz : oot instead of mario & sonic at the olympics but still great picks !, 
  and that 's why konosuba is one if not the best anime that i started watching this year, 
  who would have thought that my favourite quote from this year would come from an anime that nobody new in the first place, 
  kyon !, 
  get out of that doujin and start recording season 3 already !, 
  are they playing splatoon ? 
  hope you have fun , 
  of course the only song i do n't really like from daft punk makes it to the top , why could n't it be any other one ?? 
  even more risqu\u00e9 ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  so , here 's what 's going to happen to pudding :, 
  1-sometime after sanji 's plan unfolds ( yes , he 's preparing a plan ) he 'll beat her up and capture her ;, 
  2-sanji/someone else for him will force pudding into using her power on herself to erase any memory of her beeing evil/hating sanji , with the only memories remaining beeing those of her helping the strawhats/confessing her love to sanji ;, 
  3-pudding , now thinking of beeing in love with sanji , will join the strawhats crew . 
  today my dad told me `` i went to the bank today and deposited the money i gifted you on your bank account '' despite me not giving him anything , i 'm positive he expects me to return that money , boy is he wrong : '' 'd,
