  the switch though is barely more powerful than the wii u which is an almost 5 years old device , they ca n't sell it for 350 $ and 300 $ is very risky due to ps4 and x1 beeing the same price, 
  my cousin is a teacher if you need extra `` tickets '', 
  just brainwash ... for now ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  still waiting on that detective pikachu dub, 
  omg robin williams would have been a perfect hagrid \u00e7_\u00e7, 
  more like mudkid, 
  edit : battuto sul tempo : c, 
  that 's supposed to be the free space, 
  oddio , l'internet imploder\u00e0 : grillini vs mentaniani , aspetto gli ytp in merito, 
  nice , if you throw in there fox from the alternative ending of command we can form nintendo 's response to guardians of the galaxy xd, 
  sad to see nintendo did n't learn from the n3ds that those power buttons are hard af to click, 
  well , that is indeed an unlikely title xd, 
  i think the best buff that grass could get ( but which saddly will never happen ) would be to get an immunity to water ( which imho is one of the types that need to be nerfed ) or even making it so that all grass types recover hp when hit by water moves , i know it 's a lot to ask but man , the only good grass types are grass/steel or grass/water ... 
  i disagree i 've seen some rather interesting plays beeing made with celesteela , you should n't think of it beeing a pok\u00e9mon that only learns protect , leech seed , heavy slam and substitute ... 
  well i hope the switch wo n't go into semi-sleep mode automatically just like the 3ds but it 'll give you the choice to either turn off the device or to keep playing ... 
  i also feel like the mother series needs a reboot , i feel like its combat system is too good not to be used again just because itoi does n't want to make another game , i feel like if they gave the ip to someone like sakurai it 'd become an instant hit , moreover if the graphics looked like that of ness and lucas in smash 4 or the south park games it 'd be stunning !, 
  interesting , who 's samus ' companion ? 
  nope , i 'm legittimately interested , would you create a brand new character or use something like a robot/clone with adam 's ai ? 
  i do n't thin a 2d metroid can be made without a story ... 
  personally i think that the best thing nintendo could do in collaboration with a third party with fe is an hyrule warrios-like game , the characters are there , you can make a great story for it and it 'd be just amazing ... 
  while i do n't have an x1 i highly suggest you to try ori and the blind forest !, 
  was it allowed to drive with cannons like those in the 50s ? 
  nice one , but i think he might not be mute anymore in botw, 
  iirc the drawing was first made for gen 6 , in fact you can see all the pok\u00e9mon from gen 7 at the top , probably it was updated, 
  who the hell has a pet deer ? 
  one year, 
  probably they 're shwoing the packed in title which means the swith will likely have one too !, 
  pretty much the same , i wake up at 6:30 to go to school, 
  interested in anyone amonst the following :, 
  broforce *, 
  project cars *, 
  dragon 's dogma : dark arisen *, 
  the escapists and all dlc, 
  the flame in the flood, 
  stardew valley *, 
  planet of the eyes, 
  poi ( steam ), 
  rocket league \u00ae *, 
  * : the ones i 'm more interested in, 
  if they 're all gone i 'll still pick a random one of te other ones if possible , thanks again !, 
  `` despite everything , it 's still you . '', 
  yeah but i feel like zelda would n't be as massively appealing as mario or wii sports , that 's also why many people expect splatoon to be included with the most basic sku, 
  please tell me it 's march 3rd for europe aswell !!, 
  - 1-2 switch . 
  reggie gives us a few info on the nintendo switch . 
  the most important piece of info we get from this interview to me is that the switch online app does work with bluetooth headsets, 
  make yourself a favour and get a bidet , your intimal parts are those who get dirty the fastest , you ca n't immagine how much time/water you 'll save by simply doing a bidet when needed instead of taking a shower ... 
  who would buy it though ? 
  nobody likes the sony movies and most of the good ones they had are now worth nothing because they made terrible sequels for them ... 
  at least se l'esame \u00e8 sui rami di iperbole arrivi preparato : v, 
  you do n't say ? 
  i would have answered with overwatch , earthstone , ffxv , ffxvii remake , dark souls collection , crash n'sane trilogy or some other risky title, 
  that 's funny because a porting of last year 's doom is one of my most wanted games on the switch , i know it would have to be massively downgraded , but i think it can be done and at least the campaign could be cool, 
  i swear fifa players on youtube are as cancerous and fake as the reactors, 
  seems like someone [ switched ] ( http://images.wired.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/15173015/1479223814_nintendo-switch-.jpg ) their opinion ... 
  pickpockets are quite common in big cities , keep an eye out for your wallet/belongings ... 
  you ca n't simply remove circling around the pok\u00e9mon in a game that is 60 % circling , 30 % puzzles and 10 % exploration, 
  as an italian it makes me kinda sad that fire at sea was the only italian movie to make it in any category , moreover fire at sea is n't even a good movie : v, 
  can we take a minute to apreciate op 's beauty ? 
  please , do the same in italy !!!!, 
  also for people who are interested in this , make shure you only buy the console : there is a bundle with switch + zelda but since zelda has only voice acting per copy you would get the french version of the game , i think having proper dub/subs is more important than saving 5 $, 
  yes totally, 
  damn was the gamecube devkit enormous, 
  you do n't want to live in a world where a girl in a nintendo ad loses , the sjw would flip and go crazy ... 
  1 - la possibile truffa \u00e8 quotata x0 .90 ;, 
  also fitting ( ? ), 
  nick, 
  it does n't bother me but to me it does n't really make sense : americans are more cohesive about their nation than italians are and these sons/nephews , who likely have never been in italy , identify themselves more in a country their relatives left than in the one that let them escape poverty and without which they likely would n't have been alive in the first place . 
  perhaps they need an edgy way to call themselves like black people and latinos do ... 
  at least you got 2 chicks , i got hotori and kotori , not evolved , two times, 
  waiting for karim musa, 
  lmao this is so funny yet so true , my cousin collects christmas tree decorations and that 's the only thing she got the past 8 christmases/birthdays, 
  i 'd like anyone of the two if possible , thanks !, 
  why are you watching kono subarashii while i watch kono subarashii ? 
  add zelda, 
  ayyyyyy , my favourite game of all time right there !, 
  though that is just trying to claim something that is n't true while a gameboy is really nice to have in a queue, 
  i still have n't placed my preorder , it 's nice to live in italy where hype for the switch is n't crazy ( or maybe nintendo of italy is providing an adeguate ammount of systems to retailers/amazon ), 
  oh , i have that !, 
  i have that !, 
  what mortal enemy of mine is ill/dead ? 
  hyrule is now italy , neat, 
  well you could kinda guess it from his ears ... 
  what 's your favourite part from the interview ? 
  personally i loved when the interviewer handed them via the cup trick the note with `` 2d metroid please '' written on it, 
  but is n't it risky to have a cactus in your bedroom when you 're naked ? 
  like what if you suddenly woke up and run into it because you forgot to turn the lights on ? 
  if only i had a significant other ... 
  probably they did it now so that long time fans of the series would know why the game lacks hard mode/cave of trials ... 
  the feels , i feel sorry for people who do n't live in countries near france since i do n't think it got distributed in many states outside of europe, 
  gif be like https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-tdu4uksz3m, 
  mi recher\u00f2 a breve a exmouth , hai qualche posto in zona da visitare che suggeriresti ? 
  metroid prime at # 4 , do you see this nintendo ? 
  we are starving, 
  bonus : si siede nei posti in fondo all ` autobus !, 
  - fragole con panna montata ;, 
  does northern ireland matter for the uk ? 
  would it be that big of a loss to have a united ireland and a united britain ( i know there are all those other territories scattered across the world but let 's be real , it pretty much would be united britain ) ? 
  the breath of the wild lore gets darker and darker !, 
  not for [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t3csgbtifzi ) kind of minish 8:00 !,
