  i hear mili planes cross over every couple of weeks i 'd say . 
  land vehicles are more rare , but my school is near a base so i see them more often than most would ( but still only every other month or so ) . 
  tanks etc only twice a year during our military parades . 
  huh , that 's quite a weird time period for that , but stupidity is eternal so i guess . 
  glad you 've been fine otherwise - i think all of us ignore the drunkards . 
  americans are prejudiced against only if they fall into the stereotypical ` loud insensitive tourist who considers everyone with a national accent brain damaged ' trope . 
  black people ... eh , depends on your luck . 
  over here you 'd get some stares of curiosity most likely ( the black population in estonia is very small , nearly all have probably seen a black person before but it 's uncommon ) , and if you were really unlucky someone might try and pick a bone with you if it was n't clear that you 're a tourist . 
  only english should be fine , nearly everyone under 40 should speak it well . 
  for estonia , when was this ? 
  ( if you have any idea , that is . ), 
  just wondering out of curiosity . 
  there are some recent problems over here with altright and their ilk harassing anyone who looks ` out of place ' , but most are smart enough to keep their mouths shut . 
  my personal favourite is valhallav\u00e4gen : ^, 
  iceland square because iceland was the first country to acknowledge the restoration of our independence , and the danish king 's garden is according to myth the place where denmark 's flag fell out of the sky ( given by god ) during a battle between danes and locals . 
  we really do n't have many streets named after foreign people , though , only the ones you listed that are ` collaterals ' based on the churches . 
  strange . 
  same here , though now we have a tap that points upwards so back is cold and front is hot . 
  lerne * and aber instead of auch . 
  ridiculously simple , too , which is a plus in my book , 
  i mean , i 've seen the variation with almond paste around so it 's not like it completely does n't exist . 
  i might be personally biased cause i 'm allergic : v, 
  yeah , usually we just have them plain or perhaps with some kind of sour jam . 
  * rather than * ? 
  full plain bun + whipped cream is the way to go , though this time we 're trying some with cherry jam cause the best place near us was out of plain ones by the time we got there . 
  well , it 's shrove tuesday so i think i 'm obligated to say [ vastlakuklid ] ( http://www.olgainkitchen.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/dsc05006.jpg ) . 
  it 's all good to drink over here , but some people dislike the taste of some of the sources , like me . 
  fine with my home tap , but at my dad 's i ca n't stand the taste it has . 
  haha , sounds great , and i 'm glad someone is still watching our rally sports . 
  swedish - so with a background of english and some german , not exactly the hardest thing in the world . 
  not necessarily in my part of town , but i do live in the capital city so 90 % of all local tourists come here . 
  lots of asians coming to see the old town , bunch of russians , and then there 's a general mix of europeans and americans . 
  have to also mention the finns who come shopping ( often alcohol shopping ) and recently i 've seen a number of middle easterners in the malls . 
  i 've dated long distance before , and at one point i did start learning the language of my boyfriend . 
  once we broke up , i kept going for possible university purposes . 
  i assume you 've visited over here , how is it compared to scotland ? 
  i mean , someone a little more conservative than me would probably flip you off and call you a commie , but we have a clear linguistic majority of estonian . 
  irrelevant , op asked about official languages . 
  it is very clean , yes , but i 'd definitely not call it consistent - while it follows a certain soviet architectural style , it 's a mash of very different buildings , in particular towards the inner parts of the city . 
  i have pictures on a different phone , but i 'd rather not start digging them out since they 're rather poor quality . 
  i went and it 's fairly drab , the whole town screams ` we 're still stuck in the 80s and the soviet union ' . 
  my favourite parts were the ` old town ' which consists of one block of buildings from * maybe * the late 1800s , the stalin statue in front of a government building , and the posters saying [ `` i love belarus !, 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9t2d_woxdlq ) everywhere . 
  but , well , if you 're into soviet architecture , it 's definitely a sight . 
  and it 's a very clean place , and it 's amazingly cheap . 
  they only recently revalued the currency , too , so before that you could go and pretend to be a millionaire with a hundred euro or so . 
  fight me . 
  no , really , fucking fight me . 
  i 've been to a number of eastern european cities , besides living in ( sort of ) one myself , and the only one that comes even close to the level of ugly kaliningrad in pictures is is minsk - and that really even was n't that bad . 
  sure , we all have commieblock districts , but they 're usually not that fucking bad and they do n't engulf our historical buildings . 
  ... you ca n't seriously be thinking that people in europe are never/very rarely mixed ? 
  my 1/4 finnish , 1/8 russian and probably originally german ass will happily prove you wrong . 
  it might not be as * cool * as your eight mixed countries , but you 're not the only country in the world to have different nationalities intermingle . 
  sa vs te in estonian ( or sina vs teie , in the long form ) . 
  te is used for strangers and people you do n't have a personal relationship with , as well as some seniority cases - a phone marketer or a professor i would use ` te ' with , and a few of my middle school teachers also expected ` te ' ( but the ones who did were usually kind of pricks ) . 
  i think it 's silly and kinda obsolete , and i 'd be fine with everyone being just ` sa ' . 
  i definitely do n't like having it applied in the seniority manner - i 'm still very young but i 've substituted lessons at school before and being called ` te ' made me very uncomfortable , and i find it a hassle to try and decide which i should use with people . 
  shopkeepers try to avoid it ime , they just ask things like ` check ? ', 
  i 'd kinda expect ` te ' though . 
  for super formality , you can also capitalise and write out teie , and for a kinda formal yet still friendly option , sina is occasionally used . 
  using formal with your parents would be super weird , but i know a friend who does it because her relationship with her parents is quite poor . 
  i mean , a warning is pretty superfluous , but trump supporters are n't usually really known for their factual accuracy . 
  knowing that the poster is from there also enables you to make a judgment regarding their bias - everyone is biased , knowing what the bias might be like can help with judging the comment for how true it might be . 
  going out to a caf\u00e9 and having a coffee and pastries while chatting . 
  compared to the american view , definitely exaggerated - on my last trip to stockholm i visited a few ` less desirable ' neighbourhoods ( am small girl ) and did n't get harassed whatsoever , though at the same time the first week back at home i had a drunk dude stare at me for 20 minutes on a bus while acting moderately belligerent , so i might be desensitised . 
  i feel safer in stockholm than in tallinn . 
  the rape capital statistic is indeed misleading , because the swedish police considers every kind of assault that could be considered sexual rape , and if someone goes to the police because their husband/wife is raping them ( forcing them into sex with no consent ) , every incident is listed separately rather than grouping it up as most places would . 
  mm yeah , that explains it a bit more . 
  never been down there in the summer but went to albania in february last year and it was t-shirt/hoodie weather for me . 
  we do have shit hot weather for a while usually , but it only lasts for perhaps a few weeks and tends to be over by july . 
  i managed to yet again show my amazing number memory ( read : completely fuck it up ) - earliest sunset on dec 19-20 at 15:21 ( though it 's dark before that because christmas never has clear weather ) , but our latest is at june 21-26 at 22:43 , which is a big gap compared to yours . 
  today is better than yesterday at least , i feel like it was darker outside yesterday, 
  that does n't seem to be too related over here , it was shit cold over here for at least one of these winters and it did n't seem to change anything i did hear it was cold for once over there , though !, 
  would n't mind the weather staying below 0 over here , right now it 's been going back and forth so it 's nice and slippery everywhere - perfect to slip and fuck up my knees . 
  i mean yeah , true , but i 'm pretty sure that 's what op meant anyway . 
  now a fucking horsefly is a different story , those take a fucking bite out of you ... and :'d we 've been having ridiculous amounts of wasps around the last few years , no idea why - weather has been a bit hotter though , with less rainy days , i guess . 
  d-vitamin pills , longingly staring out the window whenever there 's any light and telling ourselves that it will all be ok also , lol at 1630 , think the earliest sunset we have here in december is just before 1500 . 
  i can check if you 're very interested, 
  you do n't instantly feel the need to start scratching the sudden itch you got ? 
  your country now follows primogeniture - first heir gets the throne , pretty sure unborn children do n't count ... ? 
  there might be a regency until the baby is born , but i do n't think this question has come up ever in the history of the throne if there is no heirs left in the branch you keep going back in line until you find one if there is literally no one left most of europe must have died and we have bigger problems than finding a new monarch for y' all https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=buy6hgqyweq, 
  germany and france ? 
  lol , try most of the east it 's a lot of peer pressure - as you said yourself , a lot of people do it already - along with parents/siblings setting bad examples , i guess . 
  smoking itself was very big in the soviet union , as i personally think it was one of the more accessible ` sources of pleasure ' . 
  it is on the decline and most of us are actively fighting it , which the eu is strongly supporting - flavoured cigarettes , for example , are being banned in a few years . 
  not exactly historically petty , but there are still people at this point who insist that the lands estonia owned and russia took over the soviet occupation should be returned to estonia , 25 years after the occupation ended and with no estonian speakers left in the areas . 
  i mean sure , it 's a noble and technically correct/just idea , but i can see no way in which attempting to incorporate a number of russian speakers into our country could go wrong at the present time , nope ... 
  not quite what you 're looking for but https://teleport.org has some pretty good comparisons of cities relating to how expensive living in them would be . 
  might give an indication . 
  over here most know the continents , a general layout of europe , and where countries like the us and russia and china and australia are . 
  geography focuses more on geographical features in general , but countries still come up . 
  i personally know 90 % of european countries ' locations ( some of the southern ones trip me up ) , can list and more or less place everything but the three little guianas/guyanas of south america , know like 60 % of the central american ones , can place a couple of the us states , and then can place most of the larger asian countries ( plus aus and nz ) . 
  ... which would be even worse as pence could actually be dangerous , compared to trump in office, 
  hi hello i 'm an ib student ( though not in the uk - but the program is the exact same ) , you can ask me about math in the program and i can give you more detail about studies and sl to give a real quick overview , there are four levels of math you can choose between - studies , sl , hl and further . 
  studies is more basic and real world applications focused , sl is general groundwork , hl is fairly advanced ( for people intending to study heavy maths requirement things in uni ) and further is for people who hate fun and love math like nothing else in the world . 
  most people take sl i believe ( this also ties into a diploma requirement - all courses are available at sl and hl and you need to pick at least 3 for hl to get a full diploma ) you can find the topic list relatively easily online so i wo n't go looking them up just now , but i 've just finished the second unit of functions and equations ( might not be doing them in the order you find when looking it up though ), 
  tomska is a classic i used to like emma blackery but recently i do n't get her videos as much as i used to joel from vinesauce is excellent if you 're into games and kinda dumb humour , his posting is pretty damn infrequent but it 's worth it when he does i also enjoy ashens every once in a while , and i * think * cgpgrey is european as well ? 
  and kurz gesagt/in a nutshell is nice educational videos led by a german team, 
  locally , i really like the chill style of andrus kivir\u00e4hk , but valdur mikita 's books have been quite important for me as well . 
  for all of europe , hmm . . lindgren is someone i 've read a massive amount of , and i also really like james kr\u00fcss .
