  from more ` adult ' writers , maybe goethe 's poems ? 
  who i have n't but want to get to , though , are remarque and solzhenitsyn - both are very dark reading , but i 'm kinda interested in the topics and the way they portray them . 
  \u0160vejk was massively popular here too !, 
  only makes me more embarrassed that i have n't managed to read it yet , haha, 
  maybe you should too , then you 'd know why i 'm actually learning the language , 
  that counts as a conspiracy theory ? 
  shit , i must count as a complete nut like that, 
  there 's a lot of weird theories , some stemming from the fact that some people were accounted for as rescued the night of the accident and then disappeared completely , some theories about assorted smuggling , etc. 
  as someone who 's very familiar with the accident ( have looked into it from personal interest ) i personally just think the bitch was not fit for the conditions it was facing and various codes for emergency requirements on ferries were way too weak at the time also fun fact : the ship that first responded to the mayday was m/s mariella , which is still in active use by silja lines . 
  some ships have shit luck, 
  you 'd be very surprised, 
  i almost feel like this could be someone confusing estonian with finnish , since we do say ` n\u00e4u ' at times, 
  lusitania in ww1 kinda sorta fits this pattern too, 
  i * think * we actually do n't have a sea border with sweden . 
  but now i 'm going to look that up . 
  e : huh . 
  we do after all , and all these years my parents tried to convince me otherwise . 
  fun . 
  i do n't really mind or notice on here , being upvoted seems to be mostly dependant on the quality of posts and how early you make it to a thread . 
  international media wise . . 
  i do n't really know ? 
  i recently changed my phone to swedish for language learning purposes and google now started throwing occasional articles about estonia in swedish my way , which was kinda neat . 
  it 's not like i know how much we 're covered abroad , though . 
  well , you need to be identifiable in case the police wants anything from you . 
  and  \u00a7 17 . 
  yes , so how would they ` stamp ' your id card ? 
  in the last few years , slightly , i guess , but definitely not at cult levels . 
  conscription is still a thing here so most men have been through the military , but actual vets from missions to afghanistan and other nato projects are starting to get more support - a few years ago , an initiative for veterans ' day was started and it actually took off decently well , with people wearing the little flower pins that were created for the event and there being a fairly popular concert organised every year . 
  someone already talked about estonia , but a bit more in general https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_identity_cards_in_the_european_economic_area almost all countries in the eea offer id cards . 
  it works as a limited travel document as well as identification in any situation within the country . 
  most have some sort of electronics in them , but i think we 're the only ones who use it at the scale we do - it acts as identification online as well , we can digitally sign and encrypt shit with it , shit like that . 
  over here id card is the mandatory document you need to have from when you 're 15 , a passport is actually optional . 
  most people still have one to go to russia , though . 
  you are legally required to carry your id card at all times ( or another photo id , but the id card is preferred ) . 
  we also use it for shit like client cards of stores , and there is a mobile authentication system in addition which uses the sim card in your phone and a pin , if you ca n't stick your card inside a computer for any reason . 
  i. . want to disagree considering they stamped my passport when arriving in and leaving albania , but i 'm definitely not the expert . 
  he was an important guy in france and conquered a bunch of stuff , but there 's no particular positive or negative view of him - i 'd say most people do n't learn about him enough . 
  but then again , if i asked a foreigner who any of our generals , or even , say , gustavus adolphus is , i 'd get blank stares or in the later case , ` oh he 's the guy in civ ' at best . 
  we never had one , i 'm 16 and the parents never cared for baking/more elaborate cooking , plus electronic scales only became a thing around . . 10 years ago over here ? 
  did n't have that much use until i became interested in cooking and baking . 
  yes , as the flag says . 
  over here flour and sugar can come as both , and i 'd say i see it more often in volume - which is weird cause we have strong german influence with that sort of stuff here . 
  i need one for baking and do n't have one yet . 
  it 's a complete nightmare trying to make food based on recipes without one , but there 's a great website that has conversions between ml and grams for all sorts of food items so i use that at the moment . 
  yes yes , just edited and explained my reasoning in a different reply, 
  okay , too late tonight to discuss linguistics , i misread and thought you menat ugric . 
  uralic really is n't that uncommon a language tree though , and is a classification used less frequently since samoyedic languages split from us very , very long ago . 
  saying just ugric would make more sense though cause the only three languages existing in ugric are hungarian , khanty and mansi vs the ~ 15 finnic ones . 
  except finnish is n't ~ ~ uralic ~ ~ ugric , it 's finnic  e : durr, 
  we really do n't have much in common with hungarian , besides some very old/root words, 
  pretty worrying recently , or ever since crimea , really . 
  i very much hope that they wo n't be escalating current tensions even further , but who knows ... russians themselves are okay people , usually a little too energetic/loud for my tastes . 
  well , i 'd say there definitely is a number of people who would disagree , but yeah - people who try to integrate themselves are accepted quite well . 
  that too , definitely - in name and in the authoritarian government . 
  haha , yeah , sure it works in china with no free speech and tyrannical laws . 
  it also ` worked ' in the soviet union the exact same way . 
  i mean , communism is a kinda neat idea , but it has literally never worked out , in the span of human history since its invention . 
  we still have plenty of the former while the latter exists here too . 
  now that i think about it that way , i 'm surprised i 've never heard of a ` kruuda is a communist ' conspiracy theory ... 
  good , tere drinkers are heathens . 
  that 's a juice carton and you ca n't convince me otherwise . 
  you only cut off one corner and put the bag in a jug ? 
  or it might be unpasteurised . . ? 
  \\  tere piim \\  howdareyou.jpg e : i missed a space, 
  well , true , but that one 's quite easy to make on your own :p but i find coca-cola kinda creepy in general , with their only mildly questionable business practices and trying to sneak into local markets . 
  i think the most popular one is local made a. 
  le coq brand , but tannheiser is also quite popular/well-known . 
  it 's more the fact that they make it, 
  well , coca-cola produces a brand of kvass over here , which is quite weird , but other than that there really is n't any rampantly popular estonian products around the world . 
  we do have very different understanding of black/dark bread , though . 
  not wrong i guess , but you do n't need a visa to pass through if you stay less than 3 days, 
  minsk is definitely hella cheap , i agree . 
  it 's nice , too , but in a way that creeps ex soviet kids out really hard . 
  why would you not want to drive through moscow ? 
  why is it scary ? 
  kiev is pretty , i 'm going for the second time this winter . 
  it 's obvious that op meant a different kind of migrants . 
  i mean , i personally would n't want to go to lasnam\u00e4e at 4am alone as a fairly small female , but that 's not a migrant problem ( unless you want to really count our lingering russian-speaking population as migrants ) . 
  have n't seen anything really like that in my time in sweden either , though i know the occasional police backup for other emergency cars is a thing over there . 
  1 ) you 're not the person i was talking to in the first place , so there really is n't any point in the passive aggressive smiley faces 2 ) i did n't try to explain anything to anyone , and even if you feel touched , maybe you should consider pointing it out politely instead of throwing a shitstorm because how dare someone say something wrong in the internet !, 
  have you considered calming down ? 
  margherita only requires tomato and cheese , and is the most basic pizza one can have - everything else is a derivative of that . 
  i 'm way too lazy to find sources but i 've had to answer the question ` what are the two basic required ingredients of a pizza ' in a quiz and got it right , so that 's enough validation for me to believe myself, 
  1 ) no you ca n't , tomato sauce and cheese are the two toppings that have to be present to define a pizza , and 2 ) you 're a fucking italian , i 'm pretty sure people are stripped from citizenship for saying something like that, 
  fuck outta here . 
  while i 'm highly liberal in most of my beliefs , i still strongly believe in the uniqueness and cultural variety of our countries being vital , and i do n't see it lasting long in a federation . 
  also , the last time we were ( forcibly ) put into a federal-like system of nations , it did n't exactly go very well for us , so everyone here is probably relatively suspicious about anything like that happening . 
  i would n't say huge , but there 's definitely visible improvement - in particular , our highways have massively been improved thanks to grant money , and there 's several other visible eu projects around . 
  the eu in general has definitely been positive for us , though i am a bit concerned about preserving our language and culture in the future . 
  it 's absolutely hilarious that you think any soviet elections and referendums were legitimate . 
  please never step foot into europe . 
  we got euro in 09 , and there 's not a huge difference in my opinion . 
  things got somewhat more expensive , but the economy has been changing as well so i do n't think it 's explicitly caused by the euro only . 
  the kroon was a neat symbol of the country and i kinda miss the people and images on them , but i 'm not unhappy about the switch . 
  ( note that i was a kid though when we switched , and i 'm sure many others would disagree with me . ), 
  not a german at all , but you might also find interesting that us estonians still commonly call pskov pihkva and ivangorod jaanilinn - the names they had when they were part of estonia . 
  finns do n't eat rotten fish , pretty sure they do have some rotten milk around though, 
  i barely get latvian ones still , but i do see a disproportionate amount of irish ones around here , in my opinion . 
  man i only saw mountains ( real proper ones not our 300m piece of shit ) for the first time last year at 15 and i was still completely blown away because the concept of something that tall is very hard to comprehend if the tallest thing you 've seen is probably not even 1/2 of it, 
  i went to finland when i was 4 or 5 . we went to moominland .
