  because you 're a guy who likes cute girls more ? 
  also , sweden and russia are not neighbours , unless you meant they 're neighbours of finland ... 
  hmm , yes , * so many * ukrainian refugees as well more seriously , can you really not believe that some people actually liked those acts ? 
  old people like cute yet decently old gentlemen who magically stand on a space rock on stage and say crimea should be a part of ukraine . 
  i feel like the people who still think eurovision is non-political have either never seen it before or are just too young to understand it, 
  i know right , just look at [ germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f-z7pkopp9s ), 
  yeah , you 're not wrong , but you 're telling this to a native estonian right now . . ? 
  also , they 're watching russian tv channels because until very lately , there was no good local tv channel in russian and quite a large percentage of the population does n't speak estonian, 
  rt , the main english speaking russian news outlet , was saying it was rigged . 
  . . you delete your comment every time someone downvotes it , or replies to it ? 
  nice . 
  you 're thinking of a steam sauna . 
  that 's a turkish invention from what i know . 
  that 's why you have . . 
  i do n't know what the fuck you call them in english , but basically little foam thingies you can sit on . 
  most people tough it out though , you get used to it in a few minutes . 
  hardcore people lean their whole back against the wall . 
  alternatively , we sit on a towel . 
  it 's way better over here . 
  i actually enjoy it . 
  had some last night because i was sick and shit tired and could n't bear to face the stack of dirty dishes . 
  only in shameful southern saunas . 
  how we heat is we make a big fucking stove and put our fresh chopped wood in it . 
  you shame your ancestors . 
  ( and holy shit , chill the fuck out , we 're all joking ), 
  european russians yes , people in st petersburg and moscow are pretty white . 
  you 're forgetting how big russia is , though . 
   among the smallest you sound like you 're picking a fight, 
  ` facts ' with 0 evidence given behind them ? 
   estonians trying to fight german occupation , you serious ? 
  yes ? 
  lmao i understand that it does n't fit with your ` evil estonians ' world view , but we did n't want to be under any occupation . 
  the germans were ` better ' to us yes but nobody still wanted to be forced to be a part of the war or a part of another country again , and the only reason kl and ok were working with the germans was the growing fear of communism . 
  ever heard of a little thing called the deportation of 1941 ? 
  we were entirely right to fear the return of the soviets , because the same thing happened in 49 . and again - few percent of the men of omakaitse were taking part in deliberate acts against minorities , okay , but obviously they were punished for it if there was evidence . 
  i 'm not going to even comment on your hilariously bad sourcing from wikipedia, 
  well . . we no longer have practically any jews after all the war and occupation , so no cities . 
  the germans and soviets did a pretty good job ` cleaning house ' . 
  you never occupied us , sweden is n't 2 steps from russia , and sweden 's meme weaponry is the most advanced in the entire world - only australia and currently germany with / r/the _ schulz might be able to compete, 
  you fucks stole our flag , we ai n't coming back * runs in the approximate direction of / r/sweden *, 
  fuck , all this work for nothing :p, 
  but where 's the snow ? 
  / r/waifuism would like to have a word, 
  the appendix actually has an use - if you have the stomach flu or anything similar , your good gut flora goes to hide out in the appendix . 
  no idea if this was the original purpose of it , though . 
  i think a better translation ( but one that kinda loses/worsens the wordplay ) would be something along the lines of ` who gives a shit about this ', 
  that would imply that we were legally a part of the soviet union , which numerous people here disagree with/believe to be incorrect ( not trying to imply how i feel about the matter ) . 
  a country literally at war managed , i think you 'll be fine, 
  honestly i started rooting for them because they were a shining example of classic eurovision silliness of the late 00s . 
  over here they were pretty well known artists , and i think one was actually a songwriter . 
  ` you 're from australia ??? ', 
  this from a small kid from a swiss international school , while we were in the middle of germany . 
  yes , kid , we came to this european competition all the way from australia . 
  ( to be fair eurovision had n't invited them over yet either ), 
  i mean , i think you 'd have a bit of bias as well towards a country that has occupied you three times in the last 150 years , and which still has a sizeable ( 20 % or so ) minority of people in your country who do n't speak the local language and do not attempt to integrate with local society whatsoever . 
  i am personally of a very open mindset towards people of all origins , but it does make me a bit bitter to see people who have been born and lived their entire lives here ( and often even have citizenship ) , yet speak less of the language than people who have been here for two-three years . 
  i 'd say we 're all quite anti-russian , but i really do n't think you can fault us for that considering history ... 
  the current one is practically irrelevant - he 's a successful businessman and participates in events only when he has to . 
  with the previous president , the lady our president was first married to took it quite seriously and kinda made `` first ladying '' her main job ( patronage , appearing at public events , that sort of deal ) , but eventually they divorced . 
  she is now doing tv shows and weird shit like that , and the president remarried to a latvian lady , who again is pretty successful in her profession and mostly participated in only the events she was required to be present at . 
  i was 4 years old and i needed to make my first username - apparently r was my favourite letter at the time - i went 1234 , then decided that 's too boring and swapped the places of 3 and 4 it kinda stuck ever since , though i 've recently started to forgo it, 
  i play , you 're not wrong about it being stupid :d, 
  +1 , i have a cube and it 's the best thing i 've gotten from china . 
  small and quiet enough to not really draw any attention , and it keeps me on task relatively well . 
  yeah , really big among the kid crowd here . 
  my mum is a teacher and she complains they sound like bees . 
  something has to be big for my local tiny bookstore to be carrying it . 
  it 's a bit of plastic that houses some ball bearings , and you spin it around . 
  kids seem to have made up different assorted ways to mess with it - try to get it to spin as long as possible from one push , spin several at once , etc. 
  it started off as a ` fidget toy ' , to help people with adhd/other people who have a compulsion to constantly do something with their hands sit still and not mess about . 
  it 's also helpful for autistic people , to ` stim ' - do a repeated motion that tends to calm them . 
  recently they started being mass produced because the patent on them expired , and now middle schoolers found out they exist . 
  i 'm someone with concentration problems as well as a tendency to pick on my skin , and i own a fidget cube ( similar idea , but it has more different things attached to it to mess with - a rolly ball , a joystick to push around and press down , some little clicky buttons and a switch to click back and forth , etc ) . 
  it 's the best shitty chinese purchase i 've made ( officially it 's an illegal replica but i 'm poor ) , it keeps my hands away from myself really well and helps me settle down and focus on what i need to . 
  trust me , you did n't miss out on much . 
  the book , at least the english version , was such trash in my opinion - it was just outright poorly written . 
  the topic is naturally very important , but the author had no idea what he was doing . 
  that was one of the options i had in mind , yeah - the other one would be [ ta lendab mesipuu poole ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ikqno18zvc ) . 
  i do n't have anything against it per se , but we have quite a few better options ( in the sense that we 'd all probably identify more with them ) . 
  if we changed it , we could n't pretend anymore that we did well when finland wins any sports event . 
  no , i said to * her * that ' i did n't connect her name ' . 
  she posted on our national subreddit previously . 
  how are you getting your other things over here ? 
  ( and welcome !, 
  we 'd be happy to help with any other questions over at / r/eesti , if you have n't found us there yet . ), 
  same as most places - for about a month or was very popular , now it 's mostly died down . 
  ... you say chokladbollar as a health trend are ridiculous , but then say that pieces of rye bread fried in oil with garlic added in could be a health trend ? 
  are you okay ? 
  i 'm definitely a post-communist kid , but i have a fucking collection of those fucking plastic chips with pokemon on them . 
  i got a rare one and someone stole it at kindergarten ( or i just lost it , fuck knows tbh ) . 
  still heavily upset by it . 
  op clarified elsewhere that they did mean that, 
  we do , but they 're not supermarkets . 
  there 's several asian specific food stores in tallinn . 
  mid-estonian dialect is still a thing , though you really need to listen to catch it - they have some strange words , ie ` ninuli ' vs ` ninali ' and say some words quite differently . 
  we do also have a word shift between the north and the south , but it 's becoming less prevalent . 
  [ kama ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kama_\\ ( food \\ ) ) , prepared in the traditional manner of dumping it in milk and stirring it up . 
  no thanks . 
  i 've had some delicious kama-based snacks and sweets , though . 
  just not the original form .
