agreed . 
  `` we feared invasion so we invaded you and stayed for a few centuries so you would n't invade us . 
  '' ( relevant for a few places in their former empire ) . 
  `` ireland had to be conquered to ensure it could not be used as a jumping off point to invade our nation . '', 
  i see how one might think this in the midst of ww2 ( even if i still disagree with any action that were caused by this thinking ) but when we were a bunch of different kingdoms/provinces with almost know ties to any other major power that could use us as a base for an invasion ? 
  lmao plz . 
  invading a country and expecting peace for your own country is such a silly idea . 
  hence , various terror groups all over the world ( ira and uvf , if you wan na go with the effect of the invasion of ireland ) . 
  as you said , seems very revisionist . 
  edited : grammar, 
  inb4 economic war 2.0 le enda and mickey d. 
  newstalk is a fairly reliable site ( or so i think ) . 
  tbf there is st.george 's channel and the celtic sea ( which is inclusive of various places in the uk ) . 
  or even the most glaring thing overlooked by that lad , most irish independence movements have had massive support from the usa ( moral and financial ) . 
  shall i get the poit\u00edn and balaclavas ? 
  we should n't be turn up but being slightly concerned etc would be good considering we are in a union after all ... 
  that 's really popular with younger smokers now from my experience . 
  ah , i misread it as some form of irish ( gaeilge ) mixed with english was on the decline or existed in the first place . 
  could you elaborate or link something about it ? 
  that 's in english though , i believe he was talking about irish . 
  such as ? 
  it 's hardly in common usage enough to warrant people considering any offence it may cause . 
  i think that 's only true for a specified part of ireland ( culture wise and time/history wise ) . 
  for example , older irish culture has been a bit homogenised or pushed to the fringe ( gaeilge is probably the biggest example of it , along with the literature and folklore within it . ), 
  on the contrary , irish artists , have made massive contributions to the anglosphere ( yeats , joyce , wilde etc ) . 
   http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/7249681.stm i do n't think you should take a vote as fact considering most of the politicians will not be impartial due to the effects of the troubles on them personally . 
  are you talking about irish water in an attempt to fix it ? 
  i 'd say most people would support a publicly supported system ( via taxes ) to improve the infrastructure nationwide ( 35-55 % of water is lost ) but the way the semi-state was set up really soured people 's views of the whole thing ( lots of money being spent with very little information being given/corruption claims in general ) . 
  then there will obv be people who just do n't want to pay for anything else . 
  ( it 's also viewed as a double tax , since it was previously paid for via income tax ) . 
  ah , bh\u00ed m\u00e9 an-amaideach , ah , i was silly/stupid / ( whatever you really want to translate this as ), 
  there 's a difference between the english and irish language . 
  ( assuming that 's what you were on about ), 
  yeah , are n't the only monolingual speakers left children who learn it from birth ? 
  ( then of course they 'll learn english over time ) . 
  that is gas lmao . 
  just saying , chill . 
  never heard the term `` blaa '' used in ireland at all . 
  cork , 
  i 've never heard of someone differentiating or even mentioning a `` west brit '' accent , to me it encompasses more than an accent ( political opinions etc ) . 
  but d4 , satircal ( but not wrong ) - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o0aomfwidaq trying to find an actual d4 video besides people putting them on , this is still kinda put on https://youtu.be/ud0unacrcfg?t=38s but at least it 's not proper satire . 
  it 's basically just an americanised irish accent . 
  in english ? 
   d4 one of the most painful accents to listen to . 
  might wan na look which came first , the colonialism or the bombings ... 
   it is culturally identical to the rest of the british isles , so it does n't even merit being a separate state in that regard . 
  goa . 
  i believe we 'd have to vote to change it , as it 'd be in the constitution but yeah , i could very well be wrong on that . 
  no , sorry . 
  lol , it 's a discussion no need to downvote . 
  but it is a reality , gaelscoils are a minority , they may teach a better standard of irish , not ridden with teachers teaching irish through english ( mostly ) , but a vast majority do not attend them . 
  i understand your point , there 's no one reason for any of the status of irish right now . 
   damn , we have n't tried had enough ... 
  going to have to go back there and fix it ...  we have n't tried had enough  tried had enough it 's spreading amongst ye now . 
  wave goodbye to the queen 's english . 
  the problem is not everyone goes to a gaelscoil , they 're still a minority . 
  even then , people dislike the irish taught in some gaelscoils as it can be very anglicised . 
  there still will be monolingual speakers ( or effectively monolingual ) , really young kids and older people who have a poor grasp of english / do n't leave the gaeltacht . 
  currency , i assume . 
  going to guess the english or w/e they identified as then , considering ` gall ' can be used for an english person ( or was ) . 
  there 's other cool words with that ` prefix ' i guess , like galltacht ( english speaking parts of ireland/the pale , that kind of idea ) . 
   i love the uk , we have so much in common and we have missed out on a lot by not being part of it . 
  we do have a lot in common but a lot of the ` commonalities ' are because a lot of gaelic culture was eroded and suppressed . 
  can you just make them a polder pls , i do n't fancy being a peasant a la irlande for like most of history . 
  it 's okay bbs < 3, 
   tfw that 's actually british english, 
   why do n't the government build new schools ? 
  i 'd imagine because in a lot of areas outside of the main cities , it simply is n't needed , so spending a few million ( ? ), 
  on a school that so few will attend is a bit much . 
  really ? 
  i 've never found myself talking like i would with people from my town etc when with people not there , even with family who would probably be familiar enough with that kind of speech . 
  i 've found some people to speak like how they do at home etc but that 's been when i 've been like the only one not from their place . 
  ah okay , i get what you mean . 
  i think most english speakers ( native ) would adjust their speech naturally anyway . 
  even if they 're speaking to other natives from the same country people will often omit slang/expressions that are n't used outside their town/county or w/e . 
  do you have a link to that ` good skin ' thing ? 
  i 've searched and i have n't found it ? 
  ( i do n't even know what it means anyway ) . 
   ` man , he really pen and ink do n't he ? ', 
  rhyming slang for ` he does n't think ' ? 
  would you follow the same thought process if you had to conduct business with qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois joual speakers ? 
  what counts as slang ? 
  something that 's non-standard ? 
  it 's called irish or gaeilge/gaelainn/whatver dialectical variant you wan na use , gaelic is a family of languages . 
  that 's cool and all but irish is n't dead nor should we compromise its ` self ' for learners . 
  i would n't do the same for english , even if it was dying . 
  wth does that even mean ... ... 
  probably because she 's much more proficient or close to / is a native speaker compared to those who have a much more english-influenced version of irish . 
   ireland has a severe lack of sunlight resulting in just grass with very few trees making it have a very boring look . 
  that does n't mean anything by itself , if ireland sustained basically an island of forestry a few thousand years ago in a similar climate , i doubt we 're suddenly incapable of having more than 9/10 % forest cover . 
  anyway since you did n't specify , this generally covers some stuff about irish forests ( now and in the past ) ; https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_ireland_ ( 1691 -- 1801 ) http://www.thejournal.ie/ireland-forest-area-577152-aug2012/ ( shitty site but it provides some a newer stat ) http://www.rohanlon.org/downloads/o'hanlon%20forestry%20source%20june%202012.pdf, 
  a source for what exactly ? 
  irish deforestation or ? 
  also , you did n't source yours fyi . 
   ireland has a severe lack of sunlight resulting in just grass with very few trees making it have a very boring look . 
  that 's due to mass deforestation over centuries ( and the subsequent lack of re/afforestation ) not a lack of sunlight ... 
  imo , it 's your view that the actions of the various organisations was in anyway ` bad ' that are attracting people who 'll call you ` self-hating . ', 
  most will view it as justifiable by ` war ' or ` sure they left us no choice ' so you wo n't go far in a conversation if you do n't take one of them sides . 
  truthfully , i think the civil war and governance after that were much worse for ireland i.e the whole treaty division which just railed against the idea of democracy . 
  ireland will still use it .
