  it 's a system of novelties ^ tm, 
  he says it starting at 7:15, 
  i liked how it sounded . 
  kentucky looks like a dragon 's head and pike just got pithed . 
  the writer of the fact check is a redditor / u/klacapria , who has asked for and received support from this sub in previous fact-finding endeavors , such as the data breach . 
  thank you kim , for providing a well-researched piece . 
  one additional thing you might consider researching is whether or not the convention delegates had a real ( or perceived ) complaint that fomented their actions . 
  was there an intentional bias to the proceedings ? 
  this question , in my opinion , is a very important one to ask as it goes directly to the heart of the delegates ' motivations . 
  indoor tree . 
  what 's all this about pizza from you and / u/danger-moose ? 
  is rva a pizza town ? 
  i will admit , i 've never been there . 
  i 'm a ny transplant , so i am very passionate about my pizza . 
  i 'll take it !, 
  transgender simpson 's barkeep . 
  i 'll put it on the list . 
  thanks . 
  i 'll keep my eye out now that i 'm a celebrity of my own making . 
  excellent !, 
  * rubshands, 
  paper big brother, 
  ha , i would not know what to take a screenshot of . 
  anyway , those things are easily faked . 
  my son tried pulling that crap on me with his grades . 
  something about his behavior told me to make him hit the refresh button . 
  little turdfondler !, 
  i deny nothing !!, 
  i thought it was google cardboard . 
  i just ordered some yesterday . 
  the nsa has articles of famous people authored years before they are famous . 
  that was then a day, 
  cinq you very much . 
  sex !, 
  huit a minute , you forgot about latin . 
  something something colon . 
  trump is a symptom of `` hillary '', 
   it was only a dream, 
  this explains so much . 
  this is the most twain thing ever to come out of a water treatment facility . 
  the arrows could be up/downboats, 
  bacon . 
  and beer . 
  and the religion of beer . 
  this clearly shows intent . 
  not sure why a reasonable prosecutor would n't want to take this on . 
  the latest edition does not mention atheism . 
  edit : i found it in this book : https://www.amazon.com/legal-aspects-health-care-administration/dp/0763780499/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1468155755&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=9780763780494, 
  pozgar wrote that chapter in the book you link to . 
  i built a support out of the solidified saliva of swiftlets from south-east asia . 
  works great !, 
  wait !, 
  this is all in present tense . 
  is this a megathread ? 
  i 'm a bee keeper and a hop grower and last year i tested my bees for mites and found a few . 
  after that , i harvested some full bines and piled them around the hives . 
  mite count went down to zero for the rest of the season . 
  anecdotal for now , but one year of data logged . 
  checked `` new '' comments just to see if anyone was saying this . 
  the letter is bad . 
  we 're moving soon . 
  when we get a new place , i will be doing just that . 
  edit : it will also be useful because the bees enjoy shade in the summer and sun in the winter . 
  the hops are perfect for that . 
  no , i put a lot . 
  just cut the bine down and dragged it over to the hives . 
  my hops were in their sixth year , so i had too many . 
  hopguard is not recommended above 85f , so it 's not an option for me for another month or two . 
  central va. 
  i was growing lots of varieties in se mi , but the `` three c 's '' were the most robust . 
  more than triple the size of any other variety . 
  they are usually well suited-up at these programs . 
  full face mask , etc. 
  next situation : media shitstorm . 
  to be fair , they were really big baby ducks . 
  forward !, 
  someone mentioned an `` about us '' page , but i ca n't find it . 
  i plan on waiting for them to contact me via the email i signed up with . 
  because they move around it . 
  better ? 
  i love puerto rico up there . 
  that 's a long time now . 
  a long time . 
  they were $ 9.99 when i put hem in my cart and $ 14.99 when i checked out . 
  very annoying . 
  that was it . 
  that is super annoying . 
  i 'll call them . 
  thanks . 
  called and they fixed it . 
  one minute 58 second phone call . 
  i think you want to dry them faster than one month . 
  i do the window screen/fan method in my basement, 
  she kills your father in 2059, 
  the only thing i was registered for was emails from the whitehouse . 
  i need that little wolf meme to howl #demunsub, 
  leaving together now sends the strongest message . 
  another beek here . 
  yes , this is mostly true about varroa but , as you know , there are a whole host of other factors weighing in against bees , not just varroa . 
  other pests , numerous diseases , lack of forage , etc.
