  each `` thing '' is handled in a different way . 
  the generic term is `` technical debt '' and it will catch up with them if they ca n't clean it up . 
  round fish, 
  i 've been talking to upper management for some time about this and one thing i 'm very careful to point out is that this is not a cost-savings exercise . 
  sf is more expensive than whatever we 're doing now . 
  but if we spend more now , and in the long term , we will reduce effort ( manipulating spreadsheets ) and frustration and end up with better data . 
  that is a good problem to put in front of them . 
  i know you know this ; all those work-arounds end up costing more in the long-run . 
  or start out with something weaker , [ bar keepers friend ] ( https://www.barkeepersfriend.com/ ) . 
  popeye arms at 8:57, 
  apple fiber donut, 
   ash carter said last week while visiting central command headquarters in florida that the boat crews had `` misnavigated . '', 
  . . ending up in the persian gulf . 
  ironically , you can watch these kinds of videos on the internet now . 
  thousand-yard resolve . 
  many humans find value in shared experiences . 
  some of even love it . 
  people wish to protect this valuable thing . 
  a team that wins , in general , has a better chance of continuing to win . 
  likewise , quality posts beget more quality posts . 
  when things are allowed to become eroded at the edges , it 's a slippery slope downhill . 
  it 's nice to get out out of the house . 
  what 's with all the crosses ? 
  it looks like they 're yelling at the jumper , `` jesus , jesus , jesus , jesus , jesus , ... '', 
  maybe they 're comparing musk to tesla ? 
   no sky-power for you !, 
  the least famous scientist in the world :, 
  [ alvin e. roth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alvin_e._roth ), 
  it 's an autonomous electric vehicle !, 
  finally , / r/teslamotors people can post in this sub !, 
  the black socks tell you it really is / r/engineeringporn, 
  not sure why i clicked `` continue this thread '' but glad i did . 
  thanks / u/erietemperance and / u/8arrows, 
  they zoom in at 9:15, 
  thanks . 
  off to murder, 
  back soon, 
  i love the full conus loop page . 
  subs are dangerous !, 
  your school should have a ton of resources to help , with people who want to help you . 
  the dean of students can point you in the right direction . 
  the counselling center should not be looked on as an `` option of last resort '' to be embarrassed about , but rather as a partner in helping you move forward . 
  if that 's not enough , realize that you are already paying for these resources and you should go get your money out of them . 
  did you walk out and see your intended target sitting in his cube ? 
  but they were so thin, 
  alligators are from the south , so it 's both, 
  if only we had some kind of a distributed ledger system whereby we would n't have to trust a central authority . 
  engineering sloppy seconds . 
  wapo is now blocked from my google results . 
  they no longer exist for me . 
  looking sharp though . 
  i 'd hit that . 
  the bentover box . 
  `` free international lawyer for 1 year or 50,000 miles , whichever comes first '', 
  `` in january 2017 , one of president trump 's first executive orders as the new president would have disastrous consequences ... '', 
  close book . 
  cry . 
  they used to say it in the old car commercials when these deals first started coming out when i was a kid, 
  hot dipped / r/engineeringporn . 
  nice . 
  it would smell bad . 
  like at the dmv . 
  you 're probably better one-on-one with people . 
  leverage that strength and invite a new contact for coffee . 
  after the meeting , enumerate for yourself the benefits of going through with it . 
  this triggers an internal reward . 
  repeat over time to form a new habit of meeting new people one-on-one . 
  keep your goals in mind and `` push through '' toward them by reminding yourself that , as an adult , you are in charge of your thoughts and feelings . 
  when should we do it ? 
  3 pm on thursday ? 
  we can meet up at the mini-mall and we 'll hold up some signs for the passing traffic . 
  that should do it . 
  people at stop lights would love to honk for us . 
  tl ; dr : there are no `` streets '' here , only roads . 
  they probably got lathed off . 
  look at this incredible subreddit / r /, 
  i like how the sponge gets it in the end . 
  it 's his hair 's hairpiece , if that helps clear things up . 
   swell shark, 
  cousin to the neato shark . 
  why ? 
  are you able to update that post to reflect that info ? 
  can you post it in another sub ? 
  i did n't get a chance to read it and it 's being linked by lots of people . 
  thank you . 
  i asked / u/gyp-rotmg to post this somewhere as it was removed from another sub and i wanted to read it . 
  good info . 
  the treasure is in the box . 
  someone linked a video . 
  the dog is not dancing . 
  ocd . 
  not sure what you 're saying here . 
  the dog in the video obviously shows symptoms of canine obsessive compulsive disorder . 
  the dancing ( stereotypy ) is a symptom . 
  the head-bobbing in the video is another manifestation . 
  the cage is small . 
  the ground in front of the animal is well worn from the behavior . 
  it 's a pretty clear-cut case . 
  we tried . 
   rather simple design,
