  slide belt, 
  some people call the mission belt a `` slide belt '' . 
  it 's also been called a ratchet belt , an auto-belt , a zip-belt , a no-holes belt , and the greatest belt ever made . 
  all the terms fit but the mission belt is much more than just a slide belt . 
  it 's a piece of fashion that helps you stand out in a crowd and lets you be as comfortable as humanly possible . 
  no other belt , slide belts included , is as good looking as a mission belt . 
  it is sleek , stylish , understated , and unique . 
  anyone who handles a mission belt will automatically recognize the toughness and thoroughness of the design . 
  often times beauty is in the eye of the beholder but thanks to the modern scientific method we can empirically state that the mission belt is a cut above the rest . 
  why slide belt ? 
  why do some people call the mission belt a slide belt ? 
  the answer is in the buckle . 
  unlike your traditional holes belt , the mission belt uses a unique buckle that allows the user to `` slide '' the belt into the buckle where a special mechanism catches the belt in place . 
  it 's the perfect fit every time because you can adjust the mission belt down to the millimeter . 
  after a big lunch you wo n't feel the squeeze , unless you want to , and after a good couple of days working out on the running trail you wo n't have to punch a new hole into your perfectly good belt . 
  it 's the best of all worlds really . 
  it looks great , feels great , and lastly , the mission belt is helping fight hunger around the world by giving hungry families a hand up to make their lives healthier and fuller . 
  so whether you call it a slide belt , ratchet betl , or auto-belt , the mission belt will solve all your belt dilemmas and even help other people 's hunger dilemmas around the world . 
  so grab a mission belt today and get hip , comfortable , and charitable . 
  favorite comment :, 
   good job mission belts -- nice flaccid-phallus logo, 
  lol, 
  a pedant is a person overly obsessed with precision , where as a pendant is an object that hangs down . 
   lick my pendant balls , you pedant !, 
  you may find the comedy more effectual . 
  chicken is the most delicious of all the dinosaurs . 
  best hat makers !, 
  pawpaws are , coincidentally , delicious . 
  and al-gebra is a arab conspiracy . 
  roses are reddit . 
  by mass , you are probably correct . 
  dat tax rate . 
   if they 're so rare, 
  they 're named `` rare '' because they combine easily with other chemicals and are seldom found as consolidated ` ore ' . 
  their value is proportional to the ease of extraction and purification , not their abundance or lack thereof . 
  they could always pound on the bottom until stuff comes out . 
  chickbutt . 
  you too can participate in the rich heritage of sport hunting in the uk . 
  you 'll need the correct plug . 
  probably not a huge issue in the short time it takes you to swim back up to the surface . 
  anyway , oxygen toxicity is better than dihydrogen monoxide in your lungs . 
  if accurate , this should be top post . 
  someone on the internet please accuratize this . 
  nicely done . 
  thanks !, 
   incompatible life positions, 
  even good marriages develop `` incompatible life positions '' as they progress . 
  years do that . 
  you work through it . 
  you give a little . 
  it 's these two other points in this thread that matter , mindset and heartset . 
  everyone should give thanks , obama will be out of office soon . 
  it might be stale by then . 
  or at least try to clean them up a bit . 
  i am not a welder ( ianaw ) , but would n't you at least clean up that splatter on the second pic ? 
  robot ass wipers for everyone !, 
  if you start to act like you know grammar , then you will begin to find that you know grammar gooder . 
   `` it 's something from a book i read . '', 
  * attention fades . 
  buddha has since deduced otherwise . 
  bollard is the word you 're looking for . 
  a good word . 
  also welcome to reddit !, 
   international system, 
  and like `` frames '' is a scientific unit . 
  nice try , you presumptuous , pal-watching butt-munch . 
  yeah , apologies for being harsh , but most people who know imperial also know si . 
  no need for pedantry . 
   where exactly did i say that frames are an si unit ? 
  in your comment . 
  the left side might be the same , or similar , letters , but in the reverse order . 
  google does not think that means anything ... 
  i saw . 
  i suck . 
  i know , right ? 
  who posts this crap ? 
  seriously , though , the ar platform has an image problem in the media . 
  it 's important to pay attention to `` popular media '' like this . 
  even the humorous stuff . 
  well , maybe it 's not important for this subreddit to pay attention , but someone should . 
  contact the school . 
  there are [ a ton ] ( https://eoss.asu.edu/dos/srr/studentadvocacyandassistance ) of resources to help you . 
  they want you to succeed . 
  finding and building your small cohort of interesting people will help make the school feel smaller . 
  join a pre-med or life sciences student org , that 's close to the forensics track . 
  find what it is you want to contribute back . 
  and you know that there has to be good food somewhere on campus . 
  ask around . 
  actually , two dudes on the internet really want you to live a happy life . 
  that 's so they can measure them as they dole them out to us . 
  ... until that square meal you had a few hours ago tries to exit your round hole . 
  the crawl calls them, 
  but shutter stock has clogged up the google search results for that term worse than these people 's arteries . 
  it really puts the porn in / r/engineeringporn . 
  ccw - concealed chopstick weapon, 
   service to the island of sodom, 
  ... through the legendary `` fourth tunnel '' . 
  awesome . 
  on several levels , thanks !, 
  you do get a grade and a little badge at the end .
