  no credit . 
  edit . 
  unless you pay , of course . 
  that 's new . 
  for those concerned about the chemistry , here 's my anecdote . 
  i took chem 1 in college decades ago so i knew how to read and balance an equation . 
  or , at least , it was easy to re-learn . 
  i also had bio 1 , which came in handy with reproduction . 
  for the chem covered in this course , which was not unsubstantial , i was able to pick up the vast majority of what i needed in the free textbooks used as the main resource , as well as wikipedia , etc. 
  i had to actually study the material and reread it several times . 
  it was a good bit of work , but not impossible . 
  i 'm glad i know this stuff now and it was fun to talk about lipids and detergents with my 7th grader and be able to help with homework . 
  the questions on the test are multiple choice , so i only had to learn how to `` read the stuff '' , but not how to `` manipulate the stuff '' . 
  in other words , in regular organic chem courses , you need to learn how to write out formulas and manipulate them as a series of reactions occur over time . 
  you have to be able to map out on paper where a particular ion comes from and where it goes . 
  in this course , you are presented with four possible end-states to a question and you have to select one . 
  you still need to know what happens to the ion , but you have a discrete set of possibilities to choose from and you do n't need to write it out from memory . 
  much more manageable . 
  the chemistry is also only about half your grade . 
  the process of brewing , history , etc. 
  is also tested for and was pretty straightforward . 
  i had come to a similar conclusion myself after running the following thought-experiment :, 
  most ( all ? ), 
  organisms have some capacity to recognize when conditions - environmental or biological - are not optimal for reproduction and have various mechanisms to inhibit , restrict , or abort their reproductive processes . 
  : my barley plants will not route nutrients to their seed head if conditions are not right , resulting in inert seedlets . 
  humans have their own mechanisms to inhibit , restrict , or abort their reproductive processes that leverages their own unique talents in the animal world ; intelligence , speech , and social support systems . 
  tl ; dr : women 's bodies ** do ** have a way to `` just shut the whole thing down '' . 
  by using their bodies they can pick up the phone and make an appointment with their doctor . 
  it 's our own unique `` natural '' mechanism that has made us such a successful species . 
  robotic manicures ? 
  chemically active nail polish ( ph ) you use to solve crimes ? 
  engineer your hair ? 
  bio-food : make and eat living food ? 
  ( yogurt , cheese , etc. ), 
  `` windows internet explorer required '' , i suppose ? 
  south alabama : ball pay-nus, 
  looksa like jar jar binks . 
   i can buy a single satoshi and change its value, 
  you can change the price , but we have to agree on the new value . 
  if it sells for $ 410 we 've changed the value . 
  education is on the brink of a revolution . 
  moocs , peer-review under fire , big data , grassroots academies ( khan ) , etc. 
  we need people who think differently about what we teach ourselves to help shape it . 
  you are the last generation to learn the same way i did , 40 years ago , and generations before me . 
  search this thread for `` motivated '' , etc. 
  there are some good exercises do do to find what might move you . 
  remember , goals can be big , but all the steps are small . 
  my mantra when i 'm feeling defeated :, 
   `` keep moving forward '', 
  a simple concept , but it 's the best thing you can do for yourself . 
  do n't do those things . 
  my wife calls it `` your little voice '' . 
  listen to it . 
  the relationships will work themselves out for the best if you listen to yourself . 
  i had the same issue in physics . 
  you do need to get specific at some point , but take it one class at a time . 
  you will change your mind . 
  take classes that appeal to you . 
  if you 're doing poorly in one , even if it 's core to the program , consider what 's that 's telling you as far as your interests go . 
  i had this with a german girl . 
  god , she was hot . 
  anyway , i 'm back . 
  love is a gift the other person gives to you . 
  it 's a gift you give to people . 
  it takes work and courage . 
  you have infatuation . 
  it comes much easier and has the symptoms you describe . 
  it could turn to love , sure , but it takes time . 
  i suffered from infatuation with girls for many years . 
  in retrospect , it was selfish of me . 
  love is a partnership . 
  my infatuation was a neurotransmitter cocktail that i was addicted to . 
  i still get a rush sometimes when i look at my wife , but mostly i just think about what i can do for her . 
  when buying a larger kettle for biab , calculate the size you 'll need for ag and consider buying that , even if you do n't switch to ag right away . 
  i broke my cl freezer because i did not know this :, 
   if it has been necessary to transport the refrigerator on its side , it should be stood upright for an equal amount of time as it was on its side before plugging it in . 
  if on its side for more than a day , leave standing for 24 hours before running . 
  ( if laying on its side just briefly to service , clean or adjust , just a few minutes of stand time will be enough . ), 
  i just let them sit for 24 hours after any move . 
  no biggie . 
  ... and they bring it to the table next to you . 
  sorry for such a long delay . 
  i wanted to try this out again before replying since it 's been years . 
  i used regular long grain rice , but i will try sushi rice next time . 
  i used just peanut oil . 
  i left the butter out in the beginning because i remember it getting too dark on occasion . 
  heat up the pan , add a little oil and the rice and just stir . 
  it gets a little puffy and toasty . 
  keep going longer than you think needed as it 's hard to toast all the grains evenly . 
  add butter and cook some more until the butter smells good . 
  pull off the heat and add salt . 
  remove to a bowl and let cool for a good 5 or 10 minutes or you will burn your tongue . 
  reply for / u/weareyourfamily / u/fatjennie and / u/kaneshadow, 
  next time , i will also try it with the lid on a bit and shake the pan like popcorn . 
  hummm , maybe try it with no oil . 
  ... lots to do , lots to do ... 
  this looks awesome . 
  you can also cover the pan and the top of the egg will cook over - for those who do not like the whites runny . 
  on my cast iron pan , i put the lid on and take the pan off the heat . 
  set the timer for one minute for a delicately cooked top , but crispy edges .
