  ( rally sign ), 
  someone shop a little sign under it :, 
   how do we measure success ? 
   transparent metrics !, 
  it 's the `` live up to it '' part that 's hard . 
  he just kind of throws it out there . 
  even the name is sexy . 
  ... until reddit \u00ae . 
  for a while , my weekly `` commute '' from nc <  mi brought me through charleston and i always enjoyed seeing that building . 
  or just ... apocalypse . 
  would you like to purchase a ticket ? 
  unless periodically reauthenticated , the rig should silently move to `` recovery mode '' and walk the dude into a hole . 
  i 'm old . 
  i ca n't remember anything without my wife . 
  wheeee !, 
   approached by george lucas, 
  \\* shudder *, 
  sign me up . 
  plus , i can brew some juniper beer . 
  i 've put the tip of a racking cane on the end of a dip tube . 
  that works to keep sediment out of the tube . 
  soda kegs , btw , were designed to get every last drop of syrup out of them . 
  we want to leave a bit of beer behind . 
  it 's been around a while . 
  let us know how it goes . 
  you could do that . 
  i did n't want to cut it . 
  i put the red cap on and , yes , the top of the tube was a little proud of the seat , but when you screw your valve , it seats . 
  i have n't done it much . 
  i usually just drink the yeast . 
  op delivers . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm sorry your buddy had to bear the brunt of that . 
  i hope ellison took some calls . 
  the lakes and ponds are man-made . 
  there are no rivers in central park . 
  i ca n't recall that there are streams either . 
  this is all i could find . 
  it 's a brook . 
  they sell these in the museum gift shop . 
  my son 's is rattling around in some shoebox in the basement . 
  no myth involved . 
  if that 's an o2 bottle in the background , unsecured , they 're going to have a bad time . 
  had some noodles the other day at my local noodle shop and they were terrible . 
  i wrote a scathing review on my blog . 
  you 're the first to mention that this is actually a primary ferment and that most new brewers like to rack to secondary before bottling . 
  not sure why it 's bottling day if it has n't been in secondary . 
  that said , i no longer rack to secondary at all . 
  i slap that stuff in a bucket and forget about it ( literally forget about it ) and come back weeks or more than a month later and finally see it sitting there . 
  a couple weeks after that , i might find some time to bottle or keg . 
  everything comes out fine , even better , when it has a nice long sit . 
  now , this is my winter laziness . 
  in summer , i 'm a bit more careful to keep the production line moving . 
  are far enough apart from each other that the bines do n't get entangled . 
  by the time mine get to the top of the pergola , they all become one . 
  still tasty . 
  `` hold my beer and watch this . '', 
  - very relevant last words . 
  but really , this beer should be fine . 
  i 've had several batches that looked like this . 
  i suppose they were a little sour , but with a slight fruity ester . 
  i do n't disturb it . 
  when you rack the beer , the pellicle tends to cling to the sides of the bucket as the beer drains . 
   $ 200 million dollars !, 
  it ai n't enough . 
  is the tanker fuel separate from the jet fuel ? 
  if you run low on gas , can you switch tanks ? 
  how long could you stay up , ignoring fatigue , with all that gas ? 
  in case you ca n't tell , i 'm thinking hollywood plot lines here . 
  this thread says it 's because the ph remains stable due to the low volume of liquid . 
  personally , i think tannin extraction in homebrewing is a myth , like autolysed yeast . 
  thanks for all these answers and , of course , for your service !, 
  maybe , but the is / r/homebrewing . 
  you have no power here . 
  i do appreciate your input to this sub , but it 's apples and oranges . 
  it 's very hard for a homebrewer to have problems with autolysis , hot side aeration , tannins , labor issues , heat recapture systems , town board meetings , and a whole host of other problems that pro brewers deal with . 
  they are all simply not probable enough to warrant my attention . 
  homebrewers who like to `` play the numbers '' are , of course , welcome to account for all those things for themselves . 
  i just cook and everything turns out fine . 
  most of us spend the money on the good stainless equipment for boiling and kegging . 
  maybe not blingman-level quality , but good enough that it retains much of its value . 
  you could get away with only counting depreciation and not the total capital expended . 
  i 'm double that because i like rich porters and iipas . 
  $ 25 for 5 gallons . 
  that 's still only $ 0.50 per bottle . 
  local micro sells similar for 3x what i make it for . 
  i 've averaged one brew per month for the past three years . 
  that 's $ 650 per year difference . 
  i do n't spend that much on equipment . 
  edit : i 've also gained 35 pounds in the past three years . 
  lol, 
  i 'm working on my taxes today , so - you 're welcome !, 
  i never thank military folks in person unless i 'm in a one-on-one conversation with them and the opportunity comes up ( read : rarely ) . 
  i lived in san antonio and worked at brooks for a couple years , so i got used to being around dod folks , but i still do n't know the rules on how to address them properly . 
  it certainly was not meant to be offensive . 
  maybe you did not realize that 's a movie reference in that first line . 
  anyway , i 'm coming up on 25 years of home brewing myself . 
  i 've never seen either . 
  i know they exist but these items are on a long list of home brewing boogymen that are propagated in these communities as areas of concern and new brewers simply do not need to concern themselves with them . 
  there 's even a thread today on this very topic .
