  there is plenty to criticize about american gun culture , but this is not a well formed argument . 
  yeah , i saw that . 
  my use of the term `` liberal '' here was only as a setup for the cheap joke . 
  the original ( serious ) question about bacteria was humorously interpreted to be a set up for a joke . 
  christians , and all theists , sit somewhere on a continuum that leads to the taliban on one extreme end . 
  the christian belief in a sky fairy lends a degree of credibility to all other sky fairy beliefs , including extremist ones . 
  `` protect and serve up '', 
  i was watching him work with the video on 2x speed and then he started playing . 
  i was like , wow , this guy is good !, 
  : : facepalm : :, 
  so long as it 's anti-globalism , they do n't care . 
  haha , yeah , maybe . 
  it 's all gilligan 's island after that . 
  sorry about your inbox , but [ power take off ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/power_take-off ) is also a valid answer . 
  i felt compelled to add that to the discussion because `` power take off '' sounds so cool . 
   every time he does a good job , cheer for him . 
  maybe to be more clear :, 
  every time he uses good form , cheer for him , whether he catches it or not . 
   the universe eventually suffocates under the weight of children 's drawings, 
  this effect can also be directly observed in college theater productions, 
  bump tiny little pushers ? 
  it 's perfulent . 
  many people have been making the `` energy independence '' , etc , etc. 
  arguments for many years, 
  it is not a mistake to lead off with the climate change argument because that is , in fact , a solid argument by itself and reason enough to drive policy change . 
  the responsibility for understanding the science behind climate change lies with everyone involved in climate policy and those people who willing repudiate the overwhelming evidence are derelict in their duty . 
  it 's not that `` we did n't make the right arguments '' , it 's that there is willful negligence on the other side, 
  her suggestion at the end for opponents to run their car in their closed garage is disgusting , irrelevant , and invalidates her as a reputable voice, 
  just searches for `` complete ass pull '' on pornhub probably outrank ntd . 
  i came here to mention i have this exact sink . 
  just got it . 
  i like it so far . 
  it 's good to leave bottles in upside down to drain . 
  the drain basket on one side is extra deep for all the chunky goodness to collect , but it made install tricky and i was lost . 
  my contractor figured it out by putting the dishwasher drain in horizontally . 
  tmi . 
  fwps . 
  sick sink [ link ] ( http://www.blanco-germany.com/en_us/en_us/sinks/sink_accessories/sinkgrids/sink_grids_overview.html?acctype=3 ) , for ya bro !, 
  a reddit algorithm does fuzzy voting . 
  tell her $ 200 just flew in . 
  yes , the right ones . 
  yeah , that was interesting . 
  these two huge combs ( probably more than 4 square feet total , were not really being used . 
  a diagonal 2x4 marked a separation between the active hive and this ( too old ? ), 
  they had pollen and nectar stored in maybe 5 % of it , but otherwise no activity . 
  we filled one deep with brood and honey comb . 
  we were left with these two pieces - one is on top of the other . 
  so about equal amounts of active comb and this inactive comb . 
  palm or back of hand ? 
  i got stung on the back of the hand last year and it swelled up just like that . 
  it hurt unless i kept it elevated . 
  i got stung on the palm this tuesday and all it did was itch a bit on thursday . 
   release of milt on eggs, 
  yeah , even worse . 
  typo : bronze star meal ( 2 awards ), 
  yum !, 
  [ sound waves ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/woahdude/comments/6ct4pf/sound_wave_visualised/ ), 
  added to the / r/reallifedoodles request thread, 
  my wife does it too . 
  feed us different vegetables like asparagus or corn to see who does n't flush . 
  the audience members were all holding up legal pads with their sentiments written on them . 
  not sure if you missed that . 
  poorly upvoted is still ... shit , i 'm still poor . 
  he already mentioned , he has n't got game . 
  good work . 
  sleep well . 
  i 'll most likely kill you in the morning . 
  yes , it 's called clothes . 
  you have developed a valuable skill here for the future . 
  i am hobbled by self-doubt . 
  plant on raised beds . 
  throw a few egg shells in the planting hole . 
  when they are getting close to ripe , be careful how you water them . 
  keep the soil consistently moist , but not saturated . 
  harvest any near-ripe tomatoes before any drastic influx of water , like a big rain after a dry spell . 
  source : i did not plant a garden this year and i am regretful . 
  this might be true , i do n't know . 
  i posted it because the calcium is needed by the plant to regulate water uptake . 
  probably something to do with ion channels , idk . 
  a man/lady . 
   ostriches normally spend the winter months in paris, 
  nice . 
  metric units are the best units !, 
  never piss off a kid with a whistle . 
  shoo goo worked for me, 
  i 've heard that too . 
  i wonder what the name of the product is that 's grabbing on to that share ? 
  or last year 's shirt for me . 
  because robots . 
  a nice place to form a new political party ( which will transform the practice of politics in the usa ) . 
  in their own language . 
  raw rice . 
  hot pan . 
  a little oil and a little butter . 
  fry hot for quite a while . 
  each grain will puff a little and turn white on one side . 
  they will start to brown and smell nutty . 
  almost constant stirring is needed until they are evenly crackled and brown . 
  remove from heat and add salt . 
  make sure it cools enough so you do n't burn your tongue as the rice retains heat well .
