   so what ? 
  centre-left and centre-right parties take votes from each other all the time , does n't make them the same . 
  who said they 're the same ? 
  also : centre-left and centre-right parties are often extremely similar . 
   fascism and communism share one thing in common , and one alone : they both seek to appeal to the working class . 
  thats it . 
  much more than that . 
  for instance mussolini was a communist once and the nazi party was half socialist for a long time ( until ' 34 ) . 
  then there are also all the similarties between stalin and hitler , the propaganda , the dictators , the labour programs of the nazis , the expansionism , etc. 
  and yes , i know that stalin is n't a communist in theory but he and the sovjetunion are the one big claim to communism we 've got in practice . 
  but there is some truth to this . 
  for instance in eastern germany the afd took a lot of votes from the left , maybe more than from any other party . 
  the parties obviously stand for rather different things but there actually is some overlap ( for instance they both advocate for direct democracy which no other major party does ) . 
  however much more than the actual program , it 's the voter base that 's somewhat similar ( protest voters ) . 
  that sounds like a quite inflated understanding of left-wing but again there are different defintions of left and right . 
  according to the political compass the only major left parties seem to be sdlp , scottish nationalist party , plaid cymru and sinn fein , all of which are parties from the other british countries , not england . 
  however the political compass understanding of left is very much in the economic sense . 
  i personally find that quite agreeable but many people look more on social stuff . 
  labour does for instance not seem like a left-wing party to me , it does to others , what can you do ? 
  however i still think that relative to other european countries england is quite to the right . 
  i mean they do n't have a relevant green or new left party . 
  both of which germany for instance has ( and in their best year they scored about 1/4 of all votes ) . 
  a good measure to compare could be the groups in the european parliament . 
  greens -- european free alliance & european united left -- nordic green left are the 2 more left-wing factions and there is only one english party in one of them , the greens , but they are insignificant and scored 0.2 % in the last election ( actually 3.8 % but you know , the english system handles those numbers differently ) . 
  the political system in england itself is kind of the problem because there more or less only are two major parties when it comes to governing and the rest is a frustration button . 
  labeling traditional labour parties as left today is often problematic . 
  in germany ours do almost the same as the conservatives and have willingly coalitioned with the conservatives over the greens and the left when they could have formed government together . 
  and from what i 've heard labour actually sounds more to the right than the spd . 
  however those big parties are collectives anyway , i 'm sure there are both left and right wing members of the labour party . 
  lib-dems focus on free-trade and them coalitioning with the conservatives sound very much not left-wing . 
  in other countries you usually have a relevant much more to the left option than the lib-dems and labour , that 's sort of my point . 
  so from my pov they might be right and from your pov they might be left but they are definitely to the right of the greens and the left in germany , to the right of enhedslisten in denmark and to the right of unsubmissive france or after hamon 's takeover also the socialists in france . 
  all these parties do as good or better than the lib-dems btw ( at least when going by their last election scores ) and they are significantly to the left of labour . 
  an interesting comparison would even be to pit front national and macron against labour and see which is more to the left . 
  i 'd say labour might be to the right of both in which case france would only have one major party to the right of the most left wing party in england . 
  that 's my impression at least . 
  the political compass agrees with me https://www.politicalcompass.org/euchart and there do n't seem to be any significant left-wing parties . 
  however it 's not an accurate science . 
  so i guess you could look at it from other perspectives . 
   about english speaking it differs immensely from country to country . 
  in scandinavia about 90 % of the population speak english ( and often quite well ) , that 's more than in canada . 
  in france less than 40 % do so ( and i assume on average worse than the scandinavians ) and in spain about 20 % and in russia only about 5 % ( i assume you do n't want to go to russia though ) . 
  as a rule of thumb : if the native language is small and the country rich , people are more likely to speak english because they are culturally very imersed in english culture and do n't synchronise movies and stuff . 
  another rule of thumb is that younger people and business people are more likely to speak good english . 
  netherlands and slovakia should be fine , germany and austria are probably worse but as you 'll mostly interact with young and educated people you should n't have a problem as they are very unlikely to not speak halfway decent english . 
   where would you people recommend as a country to attend college in ? 
  i do n't really know . 
  there are tons of different rules about colleges in the different countries and then it also differs from college to college . 
  in germany obviously berlin is great but also steadily becoming more expensive . 
  some of the former eastern cities are quite cheap still though . 
  i 've heard that leipzig is quite good for instance but i 've never been there personally . 
  vienna is also a fantastic city but also rather expensive . 
  again in countries with smaller languages you should be more likely to find english courses . 
  i know denmark has a lot of education that is completely in english for instance . 
  in germany i think that 's less likely to find . 
   so my final question is , is there a violent anti-american sentiment where you are no , not at all . 
  i 've never heard of something like that . 
  most western european countries are extremely oriented towards america anyway . 
  totally agree with you about this . 
   that regularly happened in my school with exchange students from one particular country ; at least one ended up hospitalised each year . 
  is it possibly a 3 letter name that starts with u and end with a ? 
  no seriously , i made a presentation about alcohol in america once and now that 's what i 'd call an unhealthy relationship to alcohol . 
  it seems to be exactly the way you describe it there :  an `` adult '' , slightly dirty , alluring secret makes it really desirable and can lead to irresponsible use once they get access to it . 
  i mean personally i have the most positive image of scots which i think are quite distinct from the english , also concerning their history and tradition ( i mean everyone knows the cilts , the bagpipes and the highlands ) . 
  the scottish mentality also seems vastly different , they 're presumably one of the most left-wing countries in europe , while england is one of the most right-wing . 
  last of all the scottish accent is also relatively well known ( probably one of the most well known english accents ) . 
  wales is ( if i 'm not mistaken ) actually very similar to england and their language is n't spoken much . 
  this would make walisians mad , would n't it ? 
  but is there at least some truth to it ? 
  i do n't know enough about northern ireland today , we only had the troubles in school , not so much the situation today . 
  however i would assume they 'd be more at risk to be lumped up with the irish than with the english . 
  i also think that most people are aware that at least scotland is not england but still britain and england are at times used interchangably ( even i did it sometimes by accident ) . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nzfbt9mnee0 for instance . 
  nah , most of them are nothing like trump . 
  trump is much funnier and knows far less about politics ( i 'm not sayign the afd is particularly knowledgeable but they try at least , trump fully embraces that it does n't matter what he says ) . 
  i 'd say maybe h\u00f6cke , `` deutschland muss seine m\u00e4nlichkeit wiederentdecken '' - was definitely aiming at trump levels of wtf . 
  i live at the northern tip of germany , so yes , they are very common but it 's mostly danes buying cheaper food . 
  wilhelm ii , need i really say more ? 
  for those who want a little more detail : 1 . 
  after bismarck unified germany it was easily the biggest continental european power . 
  bismarck relied on stability and good relations t surrounding countries . 
  he set up a system of alliances that made it impossible to fight against germany and he maintained good relations for instance also by going towards britain in terms of colonies ( german colonies produced a massive deficit anyway ) . 
  the along came wilhelm ii , who wanted to controll things himself and got bismarck removed to install a puppet government instead . 
  wilhelm was a megalomaniac . 
  he craved a `` place under the sun '' for germany and put much more pressure on the colonial race . 
  he also blew germanys no-attack-pact with russia ( even when they wanted to prolong it ) and then he said no to an alliance with britain ( which they offered to him ) because he did not want to ditch the size of his fleet ( which there was no urgent reason to have anyway , expect the colonies that produced a deficit anyway ) ... 2 . 
  ww i and massive territory losses for germany 4 . 
  ww ii and even more territory losses and also an entirely different world ( remember that when this happended germany was a bigger power than the us or russia and germany was a substantially bigger country than it is today and could have conceivably become central europe , even without major wars ) . 
  it 's not even that bitter , really ( try to comapre it to pilsner urquel for instance ) but in comparison to danish beer it surely is . 
  however i find that all german beer i ever drank had a heavier taste than danish beer , so i do n't think it 's distinctly northern german beer being that bitter , i 'd assume a guy from bavaria would have similar thoughts about danish beer . 
  now we only need to find someone from bavaria to confirm it . 
  economically rather centrist . 
  socially quite to the left . 
  pro eu the big difference to the real europe is the lack of conservatism and socially right wing positions . 
  also it 's economicly slightly more to the left . 
  i might be wrong though , it 's only a guess . 
  they put the european governments on the compass aswell and supposedly they 're all comfortably right-wing authoritatrian . 
   and not particularily radical socialist in real life . 
  left-libertarian does n't mean you 're a radical socialist though . 
  as a left-libertarian you 're closer to ghandi and chomsky than to stalin .
