  think about it for once , if you think about the political situation in russia , is putin really that bad ? 
  he 's no gorbatschow but he 's also far away from being stalin 2.0 . 
  i think if he would disappear someone worse would take his position . 
  those are n't dogmas though , only guidelines . 
  if you try to apply your thinking to other advices , they 're all misleading if you want them to be . 
  can you prove he was n't ? 
  i was n't saying it 's better . 
  i do n't have enough experience with the system to make such estimations . 
  my bet would be that no threshold at all is somewhat stupid though . 
  5 % on the other hand is possibly a little high because it makes it really hard for new parties to take footing . 
  nobody wants to coalition with pvv or afd ( in germany ) either . 
  that does n't mean they are politically castrated . 
  you do n't have to be in government to make an impact . 
  however those really small dutch parties that only grab a few seats ( like the animal party or 50 + or denken ) do probably not actually help the political climate . 
   the colombia of europe lolololol they seem to have a sense of humor at least . 
  the girls in 17th century new england were teenagers , not adults . 
  did i say anything about muhammad ? 
  the debate is n't about if men married women younger than them i 'll gladly quote you again . 
   that married people their own age . 
  i recently saw another chart on youth alcoholism and they also forgot denmark , seems to be a trend . 
   and if so then is n't a man who convinced hundreds of millions of people to waste so much of their lives and their vital energies on a fantasy actually sounds pretty impressive if you ask me ( at first i thought you were trying to portray him in a positive light actually ) . 
  if you consider that life has no inherent meaning and that there is no objective truth , i do n't see the evil in giving people some . 
  and seriously dude , even as a non-christian i fully approve of jesus , try to explain where he is particularly misleading please ? 
   the vast majority of people , something like 90 % were peasant farmers/third estate that married people their own age . 
  nope , men usually took a younger bride . 
  even in 1890 in the us the average age difference was still 4 years . 
  in the early 17th century in new england it was at least 7 years . 
  as a peasant men usually had to have some property before they could marry . 
  https://historymyths.wordpress.com/2014/07/06/myth-136-women-married-very-young-in-the-olden-days/ http://www.infoplease.com/ipa/a0005061.html, 
  were n't the jews in the old testament the slaves ? 
  i mean ehrm ... 
  it 's a little hard to get from `` hey i 'm god , ima help these people escape slavery into the promised land '' to `` nah , you know , slavery is n't so bad after all '' . 
  personally i would rather switch to the anti-abortion or anti-gay-marriage team than to abandon my economic prospects but i suppose that might go against popular opinion . 
  i guess the problem is that it 's hard to find a middle ground whereas you could always talk about 50 cents more here and 50 less here , etc. 
  still i think these economic compromises often stink but i guess you could do it better than the examples i 'm thinking of . 
   the primary policy should be to demand that the rich gulf nations pay for safe habitable refugee camps in the middle east , and attempt to lead a middle eastern effort to solve the crisis . 
  talk about pie in the sky . 
  not that i agree with the way the eu handles the crisis but if we want to treathen the gulf states ( what else do you think of when you say `` demand '' ? ), 
  we really need to get our shit together because it would probably require sanctions against their oil . 
  the eu is so far away from politically being able to do that ( just from the organizing standpoint it would be incredibly easy but you would never get enough agreement about this ) . 
  also : the refugee/migrant crisis is not what you should be voting on dude . 
  that 's beating a dead dog . 
  most good solutions seem realisticly impossible because they would require a unified european commitment ( not gon na happen ) . 
   lefties are always the first to resort to insults . 
  also the first to groupthink and then discriminize ? 
  seriously : the left-right dichotomy today is poison and shatters all real political discourse into some you said this and you said that game ( not a very funny game i might add ) . 
  yup , this sounds pretty similar to the other new left parties ( for instance melenchon in france and die linke in germany ) yet people are very quick to jump the anti-eu gun it seems . 
   vvd/cda/d66 / gl this would likely implode gl though . 
  in their position i would not do it . 
  are you sure they said that in the east ? 
  because there `` nach dr\u00fcben gehen '' involved risking your life and stuff ( at least after the wall ) . 
  they did throw their ~ ~ troublemakers ~ ~ artists who where too big to silence out though . 
   when a green candidate won in austria , the media did n't even give attention . 
  got quite a bit of attention in germany . 
  lol , yeah . 
  these arguments are always very funny . 
  by us standards anyone outside of the classical liberal or conservative parties is probably a communist . 
  i mean in the us even the cdu would be on the left ( or at least center ) and die linke would probably burst their spectrum . 
   you also do n't want to be the one christian party in a secular coalition , or the one secular party in a christian coalition is this really that important in the netherlands ? 
  could n't they just form a coalition together ? 
  honestly seems like the much more obvious way to go ( if the results look anything like the prognosis of course ) . 
  vvd should be much father away from their ideals than the other left parties . 
  edit : i just realised i mistook the seat number for percentages ... well , now it looks a little more tricky . 
  if you get a left coaltion it would be with a lot of concessions towards the center but it would still be somewhat logical to try to keep vvd out . 
  you mean seven years ? 
  in egypt ? 
  i do n't know man , like i do n't want to call you a liar but it just seems really improbable , like reeaally improbably . 
  i mean seven years in egypt ... 
  i doubt even egyptians could do that . 
  well , in some countries your party has to get more votes than are sufficient for 1 parliament seat . 
  for instance in germany , either you get 5 % or more , or all the votes you got wo n't matter . 
  this is done because back in the weimar republic the small parties jammed the system ( the coalitions were too big to work well together ) . 
  in the netherlands every party with 0.67 % ( you need that much for one seat ) or more gets into the parliament . 
  so the dutch system really is extremely representative . 
   arent each other the party leaders though ? 
  yes but merkel is not representative of the cdu , she 's further to the left than most there . 
   if one of them win the elections , they will form the government not necesarily . 
  the cdu could get more votes and schulz could still become kanzler if the spd coalitions with the greens and the left ( if they would have a majority ) . 
  it 's unlikely that the cdu will be able to coalition with anyone but the spd though and another grand coalition is very likely . 
  so it is likely that whichever party gets more votes will set the chancellor but it 's not given . 
   its for seats in parlament right ? 
  yes , each party gets seats in the parliament in accordance with their percentage ( and then there are a few additional rules concerning direktmandate and the 5 % rule but that 's roughly how it works ) . 
  the parties are not their candidate here in germany ... 
  they 're the laughing stock of the nation . 
  also as bad as the fdp is , thank god they 're not the republicans . 
  oh , that 's sad to hear but it 's interesting to hear about the sudetenland outside of history class . 
   that graph is a mess , and it 's just an opinion . 
  you keep using it as if it was some sort of authority . 
  no i said the fdp was the most right on all charts i 've seen . 
  this is merely an example . 
  opinions will vary but try a google search ( all graps i looked on there agree with me aswell , i only looked in the first line though ) : https://www.google.de/search?q=germany+political+axis&amp;newwindow=1&amp;client=firefox-b-ab&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewj16jx2_czsahwyzpokhftqdzyq_auiccgb&amp;biw=1680&amp;bih=939  explain to me how a party can be socially progressive only for the rich my point was that being pro-gay right and being pro-legalising weed is n't progressive , it 's liberal . 
  socially progressive would encompass working against the growing devision between rich and poor . 
  what are liberties worth anymore if your job takes all your time to earn enough to survive or if you have to live on the street in poverty ? 
  also progressive is no synonym for left . 
   fyi , there are junkyards all around germany of course there are , i was n't trying to smear poland or anything , i literaly just narrated my impressions and i was very surprised that passing the border was so notable . 
  socially progressive only if you 're rich . 
  if they really were progressive they would attract more young people . 
  i mean why do the libertarians allign more with the republicans in the us ? 
  similar with the fdp , they allign most with the cdu ( the last time they governed with another party on federal level is also 35 years ago ) . 
  here is one example of a graph : https://www.politicalcompass.org/germany2013,
