  please if you want to mention it , mention the entire thing . 
  the us had max tax rates that were even higher than this and this was under eisenhower ( aka . 
  the golden age for conservatives ) . 
  all hail the new president of france !, 
  `` what do you have to say to your overwhelming victory against miss le pen mr. 
  president ? '', 
  `` as you say your goatness ! '', 
  oh boy , you 're delusional . 
  you really need to do your reading a bit better . 
  i summed up what 's wrong about that in the post below . 
  so i 'll just give you the same response : https://www.truthofgujarat.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/hitler-on-lies.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/35/34/06/35340686494fd7241dfbef025a7876f2.jpg hitler 's speeches were full of bullshit . 
  he even admitted that himself ( same with mussolini btw ) . 
  hitler 's politics leaned to the right . 
  he was no liberalist but he had no problems making deals with big corperations , who supported him because he promised not to collectivise them ( a promise he kept ) . 
  you can call hitler an anti-capitalist but not a socialist . 
  in hitler 's vision the state had the power , or maybe the aryans , the people did not have the power ( that would be socialism ) and the money did not have the power either ( capitalism ) . 
  so hitler and his regime stood above people and money . 
  he belived in hierarchical structure . 
  everyone had his place . 
  socialism is based on class struggle . 
  hitler wanted to overcome that and capitalism too . 
  everyone should accept his place and work together for the good of his country . 
  if you 're a poor worker be happy for that and work for nazi germany because at least you 're still better than a rich jew . 
  but in general the people were small . 
  hitler believed that the germanic people had the say and that does not refer to the living people . 
  that refers to every german that ever lived . 
  so in practise the people living right now were not representative of the entire german people . 
  people were pretty worthless in hitler 's vision . 
  the nation was bigger than all of them . 
  hitler 's party had a socialist wing btw ( or used to have one ) but he killed off the entire leadership of that in 1934 and afterwards the nsdap was basicly done with socialism . 
  hitler was part of the nationalist wing . 
  he cared jackshit about socialism , apart from using socialist rhetoric to further his goals . 
  this is not socialism . 
  socialism and nationalism are opposites . 
  hitler 's idea was to fuse these opposites but calling the end result socialism reveals a servere lack of education . 
  the end result was fachism . 
  fascism has similarities to socialism but it 's not socialism . 
  https://www.truthofgujarat.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/12/hitler-on-lies.jpg https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/35/34/06/35340686494fd7241dfbef025a7876f2.jpg hitler 's speeches were full of bullshit . 
  he even admitted that himself . 
  hitler 's politics leaned to the right . 
  he was no liberalist but he had no problems making deals with big corperations , who supported him because he promised not to collectivise them ( a promise he kept ) . 
  you can call hitler an anti-capitalist but not a socialist . 
  in hitler 's vision the state had the power , or maybe the aryans , the people did not have the power ( that would be socialism ) and the money did not have the power either ( capitalism ) . 
  so hitler and his regime stood above people and money . 
  he belived in hierarchical structure . 
  everyone had his place . 
  socialism is based on class struggle . 
  hitler wanted to overcome that and capitalism too . 
  everyone should accept his place and work together for the good of his country . 
  if you 're a poor worker be happy for that and work for nazi germany because at least you 're still better than a rich jew . 
  hitler 's party had a socialist wing btw ( or used to have one ) but he killed off the entire leadership of that in 1934 and afterwards the nsdap was basicly done with socialism . 
  hitler was part of the nationalist wing . 
  he cared jackshit about socialism , apart from using socialist rhetoric to further his goals . 
  this is not socialism . 
  socialism and nationalism are opposites . 
  hitler 's idea was to fuse these opposites but calling the end result socialism reveals a servere lack of education . 
   socialist yes , yes , hitler the big socialist ... 
  i think he murdered the socialist wing of his party by accident , no ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_of_the_long_knives he did oppose smoking ( and drank very little ) . 
  that was probably the best thing about him . 
   it will sound horrible , but maybe its good that ww2 happened before everyone could build his own nuclear bomb . 
  we were so close to destroying this planet , maybe we do n't even realize it :( yeah probably . 
  they said that ww i was the war to end all wars but it really seems like there was another one building regardless of hitler . 
  if we would have had that in the 50 's ... god forbid ... 
  but on another note : the atomic bomb was actually developed during the war and the war pushed technology so it 's incredibly hard to predict anything when deleting such a gigantic event from history . 
  ca n't we have someone else as europe 's most famous person ? 
  ( i do n't know , is he really ? 
  it seems so who is if he is n't ? ), 
  considering putin is still at 80 % , i think we might be playing with fire . 
  sure , that 's why i said `` in relation to '' . 
  afterall she was part of the more radical group that drove the former `` moderates '' away ... hopefully this kills the afd . 
  bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke for bundeskazler i would rather not . 
  that would make me yearn for the afd as it used to be . 
  of course it 's not . 
  i was merely aknowledging that it happens all the time . 
  we hear about this story but how many do we not hear about ? 
   ukrainian soldiers rape russian grandmothers , drink a blood of russian newborns it 's the same as with `` fake news '' . 
  you only believe that shit if you want to believe it . 
  and it 's excactly this climate that makes people want to believe hocus pocus . 
  your narrative is basicly : they 're against us either way . 
  there is a lot of brainwashing going on but people are not blind . 
  if we do really well and russia does poorly , they will not take the propaganda any longer ( or at least less people will ) . 
  if we antagonize them , they will take the propaganda no matter what . 
  hopefully . 
  i get the feeling they were more like the guys who let the others do the groupwork for them and then at the end they ask if there name is surely on the document . 
  i doubt they were as enthusiastic about the number 12 . 
  more like a mild `` whatever '' . 
  now that i can get behind . 
   even though he 's old enough to be my teacher ( ) i see what you did there ... 
  dangerous times for europhiles !, 
  yesterday some colleauges saw my blotting pad with a europe map . 
  they beat me up and then bought me a new one with a naked women and i asked if that would n't be inapropriate . 
  they just said that i should shut up and thank them that my boss did n't see what i had on my desk before . 
  surely i would have been fired , when i hear your story , i think it could have been even worse . 
  i think i should better thank my colleauges . 
  i like how you say that , `` they picked twelve because it was a good number . '', 
  sounds like the meeting was like : ** luxembourg ** : so what about our flag ? 
  i mean everything needs a flag nowadays . 
  we also have one . 
  people sometimes confuse us with the netherlands .
