  note : i hope it 's okay if i steal schnitzler from you , austria , and frisch from you , switzerland ? 
  from my personal experience : yes . 
  there was a relatively big balcon dedicated to that which was filled in every break ( 20 people there at once were no rariety ) and teachers would occasionally smoke with the pupils . 
  in lower grades ( 7-10 ) you frequently encountered it aswell but it was more secret . 
  this is up to date btw . 
  i finished last year . 
  we have a rather conservative care model reliant on family and friends ( a bit similar to britain ) but society today is becomming more anonymous and i do n't have the feeling we 're generally the most hospitable people . 
  there is quite a bit of political polarization aswell , which has become very apprarent because of the refugee crisis but i think it goes deeper aswell . 
  especially lower class people seem frightened about the situation and they are actually in the right because future here looks pretty crappy for them if we maintain the current course and they might actually be disadvantaged by the refugee influx because the refugees will create pressure on the lower end of the job market ( even if they have a good education getting a job that matches would be hard ) once they are allowed to work . 
  for the record : we did not have such a siuation since perhaps the weimar republic ... 
  it 's not half as bad as back then but the afd will probably be the first nationalist party to enter our parliament since the nsdap and likewise with 6 parties that may get in we 'll have the most parties in parliament since weimar and generally i have the feeling germany today bears an uncanny similarity to the weimar republic ( do n't get me wrong , we 're doing fine right now but a lot is building up ) . 
  as the guy above said : we 'll see . 
  economy - great on paper but it becomes messy ( with tons of `` dumpingl\u00f6hne '' and `` zeitarbeit '' as we say in germany and also a questionable ethos concerning the way we treat our southern neighbours ) if you check the details . 
  socially - meh . 
  polarization because of the refugee crisis but perhaps it 's cooling down now . 
  the social situation is very much linked to the economic situation aswell though because like in most countries right now rich and poor go further apart and our politicians do the opposite of working to solve it . 
   i do n't think i need answers from my southern neighbours thanks . 
  would n't it be [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/30/the_fighting_temeraire%2c_jmw_turner%2c_national_gallery.jpg ) ? 
  yeah , wanderer \u00fcber dem nebelmeer is my favorite painting actually . 
  i 've seen the real thing in hamburg . 
  differs quite a bit in germany but in the north it 's usually flat and grassy ( with lots of fields ) and there 's quite a bit of sea . 
  disclaimer : these pictures look way too nice , because you should n't fool yourself , our summer is rather crappy : https://www.ecosia.org/images?q=schleswig+holstein+landschaft we have some relatively nice seas aswell though and forrests and quite a few old buildings ( because the north was n't bombed so much during the war ) : https://www.ecosia.org/images?p=1&amp;q=holsteinische+schweiz, 
   '' we need to get away from portraing hitler as all evil '' or `` later generations will have a more differentiated view on wwii '' i 'm on the left and i support that ( but more getting a more differentiated view about the third reich and the social conditions there and not hitler personally , i think today we all seem to agree that he 's more funny than evil or at least it seems that way in the media ) . 
  today it is viewed as the absolute evil and i think it seriously stifles the political climate and makes us more likely to relive those very bad memories , not less . 
  quite a few people on the right however seem way too sympathetic about hitler , that 's even more delusional than the general stigmata . 
   william ii , erich honecker who likes those guys ? 
  bismarck is a fair answer although i think he is actually relatively well liked . 
  i have no idea about your parties but this was hillarious . 
  sounds amazing . 
  i would love to watch either metropolis or nosferatu with a live score but i think it 's unlikely to happen where i live . 
  i 'd highly recommend the others aswell . 
  as i said , i believe der himmel \u00fcber berlin is probably the one that would appeal to most people . 
  yes , that 's a great one . 
   nattvardsg\u00e4sterna definitely , that would have been my # 1 pick . 
  [ der himmel \u00fcber berlin ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0093191/ ) - postmodern drama about angels in berlin who watch over the city , made shortly before the wall fell ( and it 's not cheesy in the slightest , it got a rather poetic tone ) . 
  i think almost anyone would enjoy this , it blew me away when i first watched it . 
  [ fitzcarraldo ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0083946/ ) - adventurefilm about a mad guy who wants to build operas in the amazon forrest . 
  [ aguirre , der zorn gottes ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068182 ) - adventure film about spanish conquistadores searching for el dorado [ nosferatu ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0013442/ ) [ ( both of them ) ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0079641 ) - my 2 favorite vampire films . 
  [ metropolis ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0017136/ ) - one of the very best science fiction films and most certainly the best german science fiction film ever . 
  [ berlin alexanderplatz ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0080196 ) - 15,5 hour long tale of a psychologically impaired ( somewhat ) guy in berlin at the end of the 20 's . 
  it really is one of the best films i 've ever seen though because it becomes so intimate with the characters . 
  and do n't worry , it 's not meant to be watched in one sitting or anything , it 's a mini-series . 
  incidentally it also has the highest imdb rating of all the titles mentioned with an 8,8 average . 
  i have a different approach to the riddle . 
  i 'd say we do know who the dicator is because the only person i ca n't outlive is myself so i must be the dictator . 
  ok , if you want an answer : i 'd probably flip a coin because that bit of excitement is the last joy i 'd get in a long time . 
  or now that i 'm thinking about it : maybe i 'd pick the left wing dictator because they seem to be less likely to go to war . 
  not more than in other countries aswell . 
  i do n't really get why people burst friendships with people only because of political affiliation . 
  i mean obviously if you often have arguments about it this can lead to the end of a friendship but this sounds like you would just end a friendship based on political affiliation alone even if you would never had any arguments . 
  it 's the most interesting to discuss if you disagree and it 's also important for democracy so i disagree with your overall sentiment but it does to a considerable aspect reflect reality in germany . 
  i think it 's a big loss to our democracy though , unwillingness to discuss is the first nail in the coffin . 
  can you recommend a good brand of cider which i would likely also get in schleswig holstein ? 
  i 'm sort of curious to taste it if i 'm honest . 
  i only ever drank the swedish/danish ciders but they 're quite different from yours if i do n't misunderstand . 
  yes but tradtional german apfelwein ( which the duden also defines as cider ) is often more bitter than cider in other countries . 
  so there is a somewhat confusing understanding about what cider is but it 's actually a very old drink which has now been popularized in sweeter and lighter ( less alcohol ) forms in some areas ( scandinavia for instance ) . 
  according to wikipedia the difference between apfelwein and apfelschaumwein ( which is considered cider is most other areas ) is the `` moussierung '' or possibly the `` fermentierung '' . 
  wikipedia even has 2 german pages on this which echo the confusion about the word : there are https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/apfelschaumwein ( english : cider ) and https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/apfelwein ( referred to as apfelwein also in english but then the article says it 's the german word for cider which it actually is ), 
  as others have stated it varies among the different regions in germany but it 's not popular in the north . 
  the only contact i ever had with it was when preparing the duck for christmas and in relation to denmark where it 's much more popular ( but their cider is also very different from german cider which is more of a traditional apple-wine while the danish cider is more of a sweet alcoholic drink for girls ) . 
  i 'm not a fan of the danish cider but i 'd like to taste german cider sometime . 
  but your country is freaking gigantic ... 
  many places in schleswig holstein ( where i live ) in mecklenburg vorpommern ( twice ) in berlin ( twice ) in munich and bavaria ( once ) in hamburg ( multiple times , if you count all the stays at the railway station it goes beyond 20 ) . 
  i have similar feelings as you , should visit more of the rest but then again , germany is big . 
  funy you ask , last thing we discussed was actually `` the end of history '' ( the book by fukuyama ) and `` clash of cultures '' ( book by huntington ) at the end of year 13 ( which was the last year aswell ) . 
  we pitted both theories up against each other . 
  clash of cultures was also very much related to islam and the end of history was about capitalism and western democracies winning the ideological fight after the cold war . 
  both theories are a little meh if you ask me but they provide for some good discussion and it 's very contemporary . 
  we also had a cross-subject project which we worked on for one entire week while having no other classes ( with history , social studies and geography working together ) about the refugee crisis . 
  i graduated last year . 
  at least in western european politics . 
  in germany it 's a little complicated . 
  traditionally we had 2 `` volksparteien '' ( people 's parties ) , the cdu and the spd and then the economically highly liberal fdp ( comparable to american liberarians i assume ) . 
  traditionally the cdu was a relatively normal conservative party and the spd was quite leftist until 1959 when they decided to become more moderate because the cdu won all elections . 
  however even after 1959 it was probably a normal left-right dichotomy with the cdu being the 1 big ( center ) right party and the spd being the one big ( center ) left party . 
  however today the situation looks different . 
  cdu and spd are quite close together , merkel is part of the reason for this because she dragged the cdu much to the left , while people like schroeder dragged the spd to the right ( in the late 90 's ) . 
  this opened the door for new parties : the afd which is more conservative than the cdu and has quite a few former cdu members and the left which is to the left of the spd and was even founded by a former spd leader and candidate for chancellor ( oskar lafontaine ) . 
  he also was the finance minister ( probably the 3rd most powerful minister position ) under schroeder but left because he did n't feel he could stand for schroeder 's policies which he ( and his newly formed party ) thought went against the original spirit of the spd and their commitment to the working class . 
  so that 's the dichotomy we currently have , 2 almost indistinguishable centrist parties ( i would argue they 're more to the right than to the left but many would disagree ) and 2 parties that run on the traditional platforms of these 2 parties ( maybe slightly to the left and right of them respectively ) . 
  aditionally we also have a succesful green party which ca n't decide wheter they are left or right or anything . 
  they are in my opinion quite inconsequential ( also because they are split into 2 wings ) . 
  but i like their leader in my state at least and would consider voting for them here but not on the federal level . 
  if you wondered about the fdp , they 've been the joke of the nation for a long time but they might get into the parliament again this time ( they currently poll at about 5 % ) . 
  so i guess the answer is yes but we have a mutated form of it . 
  i do n't necesarily . 
  in theory it 's a good and practical idea but with the vastly differing strength of european economies , it 's not working properly because we 're not living up to our promises of solidarity , people apparently do n't want that people allover europe have similar living standards . 
  i mean just look at what germany is doing . 
  further you ca n't really measure how good a currency is by pitting them up against each other . 
  for instance 1 euro is worth about 9 norwegian crowns , yet last time i checked they were doing pretty well . 
  likewise it 's dubious how much the southern countries benefit from it , it 's a much stronger currency than theirs and thus they have problems selling their stuff . 
  germany benefits big time from the euro . 
  another thing to take note of is that some countries that kept their currency have nontheless linked it to the euro . 
  for instance it 's quite limited what denmark can do with the crown alone , i do n't think they can devaluate for instance . 
  of course it 's lovely not to have to change currency though and the euro is kind of necesary in the long run if the eu wants to compete with america ( which i think we should , no use in being their lap dog ) . 
  i think that back then they should have made a long time plan with maybe france , germany and benelux joining first and then other countries joining when their economy is comparable or at least something more considerate than we got . 
  quick reality check : so their stances have nothing to do with them being labeled a protest party ? 
  of course i am not saying they are the same . 
  the afd is the party i would least likely vote for and the left is the party i would most likely vote for , still there actually are similarities .
