  you lack the belief in the same proportion that you have it . 
  your coin metaphor is a very poor one because flipping a coin is not a binary option . 
  the coin can very well land on its side like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/71/10-shekel_coin_standing_on_edge.jpg ) . 
  agnostics believe not that the coin will land on either side but that it 's a coinflip that 'll never be resolved . 
  he is the difference between atheism and nontheism :  atheism is , in the broadest sense , the absence of belief in the existence of deities -  nontheism or non-theism is a range of both religious and nonreligious attitudes characterized by the absence of espoused belief in a god or gods, 
  no , pure agnosticism is excactly inbetween . 
  if you say that both god 's existence and his nonexistence are excactly as likely , then that 's no lack of belief , then you believe in neither his existence nor his nonexistence . 
  you believe that it is simply unkowable , which is also a belief about god . 
  now in the end this is a game of semantics and it 's an odd position , that 's hard to describe . 
  nontheism i think could serve as an umbrella term , atheism alone is too strict already , even in its broadest definitions . 
  i find [ dawkin 's scale ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-ed2d93d0ab0b0bf30c96b740cd12b1b3 ) on this is quite interesting . 
  yay , hope something happens . 
   an agnostic may think religious people are stupid for believing in something they ca n't know . 
  religious people can also be agnostic . 
  many would not claim to absolutely know that there is a god . 
  they merely believe in him . 
  many atheists would also not claim that they know there is no god ( although some do and they 're worse than religious people ) . 
  that depends . 
  gnostic and agnostic are really expressions of knowledge . 
  so you can be a theistic agnostic and a an atheistic agnostic . 
  i suppose most people would not claim they know god exists . 
  however you can also be agnostic in the sense of belief if you 're absolutely 50/50 on god . 
  is this possibly an action to scare away americans ? 
  `` no way in hell i 'm wearing that flag '' * leaves *, 
  that 's because they do it on the backs of other countries ( being a tax heaven ) ... 
  yeah , you 'll absolutely still need a federal system but there are different ways to ensure that . 
  the individual state governments in germany also still have say over what the government does but they do n't elect the chancellor . 
  this is n't to say that 's necesarrily the model the eu should adapt but i think actually electing the government would gretly improve peoples identification with the eu . 
  the parliament is more like our bundestag . 
  the bundesrat is the equivalent of the council . 
  the problem is that the parliament does not elect the comission , they only approve it . 
  in the end the federal governments elect the comission . 
  that 's the problem . 
  of course it 's not entirely undemocratic because afterall the people did elect the federal government . 
  but the problem remains that the comission is accountable not to the people but to the federal governments . 
  it is so indirect , that it ends up stifling democracy because people have no direct leverage over the comission . 
  if you want another comission all you can do is hope that the party you vote for federally also wants the kind of comission you want because it 's never a topic in federal elections ( the eu most likely is a topic in some scale but not the comission ) . 
  edit : fixed a mistake in the 2nd sentence . 
  well , there is a contract between the european comission and euronews but i 'm somewhat concerned about their independence . 
  half of the stakes are owned by a crazy egyptian billionaire . 
  1/4 is owned by nbc . 
  maybe a state-funded programme would be better . 
  why ? 
  discussion it what solves problems . 
  if you leave it like it is , the pot will just continue to boil until it erupts . 
  yes , in general with the eu that 's a huge problem . 
  people do n't care about the elections and then they claim they are n't represented . 
  the parliament is n't the government of course ( that 's the comission although i think the parliament got more and more responsibilities ) but many people did n't even try . 
  same with `` charlemagne '' in other languages ( like german ) . 
  i remember the day i learned he was called differently in different languages . 
  it was the horror . 
  do n't take our karl from us !, 
  common euro minister of finance ? 
  we need this anyway with the same currency . 
  minimum tax rate ? 
  stop making shady deals with apple ? 
  yes , please . 
  here are a few important points : 1 . 
  if my government does not agree with necesarry reforms please do n't make half-hearted deals with them . 
  do n't under any circumstance make sch\u00e4uble the european minister of finance or give him any authority over european financing . 
  give sch\u00e4uble a hug instead . 
  find a way to involve the european population in the discussions . 
  let the population elect the european government . 
  make it a process , not one decission . 
  maybe declare this year or next year ( or both ) the official year of european reforms ( this would be a good pr move to drive people in ) where we have large scale debates on the most important topics all over europe one topic at a time ( depending on how many topics are being discussed of course , if there are many make it groups ) . 
  make as much effort to trandescend national and language borders as best as possible . 
  usually i would not be a fan of this but : make it a campaign , make pr , be sure that it is reported what is going on . 
  make it a big media event like the us elections ( maybe not quite as big , us is crazy ) but with actual substance . 
  actually do something . 
  my wishlist list is probably pie in the skye but so far macron 's presidency is shaping out better than expected . 
  if he keeps making an effort he might win me over despite major disagreements in certain fields ( winning me over as in : i 'm ok with him ) . 
  if he would achieve anything positive in the eu at all , i would be pleased already . 
  [ you just earned a free home theater seat to watch d.w. griffith 's intolerance ( 1916 ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syqdqnoxa70 ) - feel free to invite your new greek buddy !, 
  the problem is that it 's not the judges regulating this but that it 's the companies themselves and because they do n't want to risk beinf fined and have no way to check all comments , they will just install blanket filters and delete as much as possible . 
  you can already drag someone to court over a facebook comment or a tweet if that 's what you want and that 's the way it should stay . 
   it 's not the fault of the people what our government does well , there is the minor detail that they elected them ( but not me , i was not old enough to vote last time ) . 
  if it 's really not the german peoples fault they now have the oppurtunity to make cdu+spd drop below 50 % so that the coalition can not be reestablished . 
  but they still interpret them differently at times . 
  but this law is unfortunately not about judges . 
  the very point of the law is to let private companies enforce it themselves . 
  yes , please . 
   -  an accurate expression of heiko maas right now . 
  surely the ideal would have been to let loose the baltics as early as possible and then to reform the rest while slowly disintegrating ( and possibly keeping countries like armenia which do n't seem to want independence anyway - at least that 's the picture i get from the graph ) . 
  that might not really have been possible though . 
  as another user suggested , you would presumably have to have started earlier with reforms to pull through that way . 
  none of that makes the statement `` the policy after ww ii was to ally with germany '' `` wrong '' . 
  whatever their initial plans may have been , it does not change what actually happened . 
   we 're not doing `` relatively well '' , we 're doing very well . 
  and what about latvia , lithuania ? 
  i mean in relation to the other former sovjet countries , i do n't think you can measure it in absolute terms . 
  latvia and lithuania are also doing relatively well but i singled estland out because they seemed to do the best . 
  they are improving massively , while russia is regressing and they 're also a world-wide superpower , while russia has decreased into a regional power . 
  that 's more what i meant . 
  life expectansy in china is also 5 years higher if we 're running statistics now . 
  this was about germany 's will to take revenge , was n't it ? 
  of course the marshall plan did n't do everything but it was important in securing peace . 
  the policy after ww ii was to ally with germany . 
  the policy after ww i was to keep them as weak as possible . 
  that 's the difference . 
   the military restrictions were never abolished , germany just flat out ignored them and the western nations did n't enforce them , but appeased .
