  russia increases it 's military spending aswell ( and spends a much higher percentage of gdp ) and has been involved in numerous wars . 
  nato ( but primarily driven by the us ) do the same . 
  it 's a vicious circle . 
  apart from that russia is no real threat to nato like people keep propagating ( unless they suddenly decide to use their nukes which would lead to the total anihaltion of russia within one day ) . 
  nato outspends russia by about 12 times . 
  the problems are all the small skirmishes and diplomatic quagmires nato and russia keep getting involved in . 
  wow , you sure have been manipulated by propaganda . 
  in the war in ukraine 2.400 civilians were killed . 
  in iraq alone that number is 103.160 -- 113.728 . 
  you mean the bully that spends less than 10 % of what natospends ? 
  what will more military spending do to help us excactly ? 
  the nato got about half of the military expenditures of the entire world . 
  we litterally have a budget to take it up with the entire rest of the world . 
  well , you have now . 
  i 'm for less military spending . 
  the eu has the 2nd highest military spending in the world already . 
  why the fuck should we spend even more ? 
  we should make a deal with the us , china , russia and india ( and also pakistan because otherwise the contract with india wo n't work ) about spending less . 
  however actually the only two countries which are conceivably a threat to the eu are the us ( the biggest threat as they spend 3 times as much ) and china ( who spend slightly less than we do but have way more people ) and we actually have decent relations with both . 
  we eclipse russian and indian spending by about 4 times but they spend a higher percentage of their gdp . 
  this omits the oil emirates of course who spend an inconceivably high percentage of their gdp on military ( oman spends 16,7 % ) but it 's unlikely we will be able to forge a deal with them . 
  we still outspend them by miles though . 
  their monarchies are not unlikely to collapse in the near future , that 's why they are so militaristic and expansionistic . 
  if we should do any interventions they should be agaisnt saudi warfare ( they spend 10 % of their gdp on military btw which is 3 times as much as the us ) . 
  it would also be a good idea if we 'd stop supplying them . 
   five years ago , most of europe and the us were deciding between the traditional left and the traditional right , which are not that different . 
  actually i 'd say they were deciding between the new left and the new right . 
  look at germany for instance . 
  in 1990 the spd ( our traditional left party ) had oskar lafontaine as their candidate for chancellor and he was also for multiple years the leader of the party . 
  however in 2001 while he was minister of finance he abandoned the spd and his position in government because he did not agree with schr\u00f6der 's course ( which shifted the spd to the right ) . 
  he later was an instrumental figure in founding the left ( the party ) and is still one of the leading figures today . 
  the left to a large extend incorporates old spd points that the spd abandoned by now . 
  you can see the exact same shift in the us with the new democrats ( bill clinton & co. ) and in the uk with blair . 
  a somewhat similar shift can be seen within the conservatives in the 80 's with kohl , tatcher and reagan . 
  the afd in germany largely rehashes stuff the cdu said years and years ago . 
  of course this does n't mean that there is no shift . 
  in france things look entirely different and le pen was able to build the largest national socialist platform since hitler in europe . 
  in spain and italy you have major left movements and in greece the largest party is socialist and the 3rd largest party are neo-nazis . 
  the trouble is while most of the problems really are internal , that 's not a truth many want to abide by ( and it 's hard to present easy and compelling solutions ) and that makes it easy for demagoges to extrapolate the fears back unto the external . 
  just think about the quagmire in the middle east . 
  why do we even intervene there in the first place ? 
  why do people give their good will to this ? 
  because they believe that 's where `` the real danger '' is comming from . 
  `` who knows why we pay our taxes ? '', 
  i hope this was a rhetorical question ... 
  he has a few good points but it 's sandwiched inbetween bullshit . 
  i think his point is that there will be no european state . 
  however i also suspect that he has no clue about europe like many americans . 
   nowadays , young people seems to want more military , not less . 
  heavily doubt it . 
  i do n't think any young people in germany want conscription back for instance . 
  conservative parties which are the most pro military are primarily supported by old people . 
  relative to their total numbers the cdu ( our conservative party ) does the worst among young voters and the best among the oldest . 
  in southern europe the high youth unemployment leads to radicalization but in that case it 's not because the youth is actually more militant but because they have no oppurtunity . 
  if older people would be in the same situation it would probably look worse . 
  hell , the parties which benefit from the situation in spain and italy are n't even right wing . 
  schulz could easily attack merkel 's integrity on the subject . 
  she 's been chancellor for 12 years and still the condition in europe has continually worsened during her reign . 
  merkel has absolutely no plans for the future . 
  schulz 's problem is that he does n't either . 
  as for the southern countries : why are they a bottomless pit ? 
  a wellfucntioning state works through balancing out the regions within it 's realm to adjust them to each other . 
  we ca n't have a monetary union without doing the same in the euro zone . 
  a chain is only as strong as its weakest link . 
  austerity politics ala merkel/sch \u00e4uble will be the demise of the eu and i frankly do n't see on what basis merkel wants to cooperate with macron if she has led a government that did the excact opposite of what we need now . 
  by hoping he will accept half-hearted agreements that end up changing nothing ? 
  in that case macron will go the same way as hollande very fast and i think he knows that . 
  of course there are structural problems in southern europe that need to be solved but there also needs to be major investment . 
  spain is more than 1,5 x as big as germany yet it barely has half the population . 
  is the idea now to drain spain for people as they will all have to go to germany to find a job ? 
  this is no rhethorical question , this is what we 're currently doing . 
   that 's one of the arguments that schulz uses against merkel : that the cdu could have done all these things a long time ago , and also that these are not ideas that the cdu had in the first place . 
  but will the voters care about that ? 
  not if schulz does not offer a clear plan . 
   that was not just about her willingness to support reforms . 
  her problem was also that hollande has been a weak partner . 
  she is and always has been open for reforms , be she has also always very cautious about the implications of such reforms . 
  with macron she now has a strong partner she can work with and who has the necessary support to get things done . 
  all of the southern countries want reforms . 
  it 's not hard to find partners . 
   or that merkel was never really open to european reforms until macron which indicates that she still is n't . 
  sch\u00e4uble 's strategy sounds like he is ok with giving away money but only as long as he decides what happens with it . 
  if he would really support an european minister of finance ( like he claimed some years back ) he could have pushed for that for 8 years and more importantly : he would have had a different line of politics in general . 
  merkel is in line with sch\u00e4uble as long as she does not settle for another minister of finance ( she appoints the ministers after all ) . 
  here 's a ( very recent ) article ( in fact it 's only 2 days old ) of sch\u00e4uble and gabriel disagreeing on how they should respond to the eu commisions paper on further integration within the monetary union : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/europaeische-waehrungsunion-sigmar-gabriel-und-wolfgang-schaeuble-streiten-ueber-zukunft-des-euro-a-1150482.html if you do n't understand german the bottom line is that for sch\u00e4uble austerity goes above everything . 
   you also simply can not really base a campaign on an issue that the candidates are very close on unless you want to go really deep at which point you get the issue that then you are demanding stuff that wo n't be popular with the population ( think eurobonds and shared debt ) there 's enough room to differentiate yourself if you 're schulz . 
  he just does n't dare it because that would mean going against sch\u00e4uble who is incredibly popular in germany ( certainly more popular than schulz ) . 
  trust me , we 're the worst at car politics . 
  our government constantly snuggles up to car companies . 
  our only green minister-president even claimed that clean diesel exists ... 
  stoning is usually used for adultery . 
  if anything gay men are hanged . 
  however today both stoning and excecution of gay people is rare . 
  usually gay men are only excecuted over rape crimes . 
  however that kind of stuff is considerably worse in saudi . 
  on the annual survey of political and civil liberties saudi arabia frequently scores the very worst grades possible ( in fact the same as north korea ) . 
  on their scale from 1 to 7 , they have 7 in both categories . 
  iran has 6 in both . 
  what you should consider is that at least iran is open enough for us to know stuff about what is going on there . 
  usually with saudi arabia you will find `` no data available '' .
