  if you 'd tell your average german that a guy who was with the communist party could have potentially won the election , his head would explode . 
  if you 'd tell our spd ( the equvivalent to your socialist party ) that their leader campaigned for universal basic income , they 'd be outraged ( not even our left or green party supports basic income , though a few members do ) . 
  almost everyone in germany was for macron , that 's how full of bullshit our political discourse is . 
  the conservatives , the greens and the social democrats are almost indistinguishable . 
  on top of that the liberal party used to be conservatives in another flavour ( and perhaps they are still , it 's hard to say ) , the afd is much closer to the conservatives and liberal party than most would dare admit and the left is the social democrats 25 years ago ( + a few communists ) . 
  at least in france you had 4 distinctly different choices . 
  i do n't know how you take it . 
  you seem to think i try to paint france as some sort of `` evil fascist country '' and that i suggest germany is better or something . 
  why else would you suddenly suggest that neo-nazis are a huge problem in germany when numbers are sufficiently small and nationalism is incredibly surpressed in germany precisely because of the german past ? 
  fascism is also weak in italy , portugal and spain because they had it already . 
  i 'm not talking about certain countries being superior , that 's bullshit , i 'm talking about the current situation and where it might lead , not about you all being fascists but about the very real dangers of what happens when macron fails as spectacularly as hollande . 
  germans , frenchmen , spaniards , italains , etc. 
  are all equally dumb . 
  there 's nothing to be proud of . 
  do you think i 'm proud of sch\u00e4uble 's austerity politics which are potentially the demise of europe ? 
  of course not but it does n't make germany a country full of evil people who want to destroy southern europe , we 're merely making dumb , ill-informed political descissions which is excactly what happens in france aswell , just in different ways ( and honestly when it comes to reforming the eu , i 'm probably on macron 's side - though i 'm skeptical of him - not on merkel 's ) . 
  those are macro-societal problems , not some infantile dick measurement contest . 
  but if you want the dick measurement contest france wins . 
  germany has less social unrest but cultural output post ww ii is incredibly crippled , intelectuals have been wilfully outcast from public debate ( germany barely have one public intellectual , france has at least an entire handfull because there simply is a culture of debate ) . 
  film industry in germany is a trainwreck compared to france , if i 'm not mitaken france got 4 times the public funds ( despite having less money overall ) and i 'd willingly bet i 've seen more french than german films over the years despite not understanding the language . 
  what do you think this means for german culture ? 
  it 's very stiff , very conservative . 
  sure , in some aspects the politics of small steps works but it lacks severely in public debate and in time we 'll ( which includes all europeans sadly , not just germans ) get a very huge bill for electing merkel/cdu again . 
  not that there are great alternatives but that 's the problem , people lack the balls to present an alternative in germany . 
   ok german dude , teach me french politics . 
  right . 
  this are yersteday 's results . 
  fn : 13 % left-wing : 28 % . 
  i 'll teach you sense first . 
  we were talking far-left or far right . 
  now you weigh up left-wing everything with the fn . 
  what we are actually discussing is : fn : 13,2 , fi/pcf : 13,74 . 
   ( and btw , until 30 years ago , the communist were still doing about 25 % of the votes ... and they 've been in a few government , got appointed ministers etc and melenchon , which made a deal with them got 19 % at the presidential , far-left wing is a thing in france ) . 
  did you overread the part where i said they used to be the strongest party ? 
  you also got the numbers wrong . 
  about 25 % was their absolute peak ( 28 % actually ) . 
  30 years ago they had about 11 % . 
   you should n't talk about france 's politics if you do not understand that people vote very differently depending on elections , mayor / ` region ' / `` europe '' / presidential / mps ? 
  this is n't unique to france , you know ? 
  just about every country has a set of different elections which work in different ways . 
  i 'm well aware that eu elections have low turnout and that euroskeptic parties tend to get a disproportionatly large share because they mobilize voters ( ukip for instance won the british 2014 eu elections ) if that 's what you 're referring to here but you originally said that a xenophobic party never won an election in france which is just plain wrong , no matter the circumstances . 
  i never suggested that fn was actually your biggest party or anything . 
  due to the 2 round system they barely get any seats . 
  their potential was higher than 13 % ( they even did worse than in the polls , probably because supporters just did n't bother ) but due to the dumpster fire after the presidential elections and surging macron support , 13 % sounds like what one could have expected . 
   people vote for the fn as a protest vote on the first round because they know that they can change their mind in the second round . 
  which is why the fn still gets more percent ( of voters , not of seats ) in the 2nd round ? 
   another exemple `` divers gauche '' does n't exist in presidential and yet they just got 10 % of the vote ) . 
  that 's wrong on so many levels . 
  `` divers gauche '' is not a party , it 's a term for left-wing candidates who are not members of a large party , in a presidental election they would either seek a party or run as an independent . 
  they likewise did not get 10 % . 
  they got 1,57 % . 
   le pen never were anywhere close to win the presidency which is just what i 've been saying ? 
   or maybe they 'll vote far-left and not far-right . 
  far-left already governed a few time already that 's a more likely scenario than far-right actually . 
  the far left in government is n't anything too noteworthy . 
  they only governed for a very short period without too much influence , they never had a president or pm . 
  if you want to suggest that the far left has a strong foothold in france , you 'd do much better in citing that the communist party used to be your biggest party . 
   `` if x or y fails we 'll have the fn '' is the same horseshit that we 've been hearing for the last 30 years and the fact is , there are too hated to ever win a presidential . 
  they could n't even win `` regions '' . 
  well , i was n't saying it back then . 
  in the past surely it was bullshit but now there 's a real possibility and the numbers show that . 
  the fn used to be a fringe party . 
  they 're not any longer and that 's a recent development . 
  if people said `` if x fails , the fn will govern '' in the 90 's they must have had a couple of drinks too many . 
   so as it is , no the fn is no threat , today nor tomorrow . 
  why were they able to double their 2nd round support from 2002 to 2017 then ? 
   i did n't know we elected nostradamus . 
  well , you elected him , not me . 
  i 'm merely paraphrasing what he 's been saying . 
  take that with macron , not me . 
  you should know that marine got about double the votes of her father in 2002 ( in 2nd round that is ) . 
  the current climate heavily benefits neo-fascists like marine and if macron fails the climate will worsen and people will become more desperate . 
  i 'm not personally saying it 's given that the fn would win , they could run a horrendous candidate . 
  however if macron fails , the next election will be the first where they have an actual shot . 
  it was clear from the beginning marine was n't going to win this election . 
  if macron fails , it 's anyones guess nextime and it would probably be as close as the american election or brexit . 
   and yet you 're the only country in western europe where the xenophobic party actually won an election . 
  ehrm ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_parliament_election,_2014_ ( france )  we just had one . 
  but hey , ` next time ' right ? 
  ( hint : it 's been `` next time ' for the last 40 years . ), 
  to be fair : macron himself said that if he will not succeed it will be fn and frexit . 
  and him succeeding is a shot into the blue . 
  noone 's got a clue if it will work out or not . 
   you know when it will start tho : mars 2019 . 
  the uk will exit earth for mars by 2019 ? 
  well , that escalated quickly ... 
  i suspect these are rather the uncertain times than a surge in bipartisanism . 
  people who are against the conservatives did n't want to risk them winning their constituency , same goes for people who are against labour or scottish independence referendum 2.0 . 
  in short : people are actually voting about something concrete this time around and from their perpective it 's not something they can afford to lose by high ideals . 
  if you would question people who voted conservative and labour how many actually think it 's a great party , results would certainly be lower than in 2001 & 1983 . 
  death penalty in islamic countries is usually reserved for homosexual rape . 
  it 's rare that people are executed for being homosexuals these days . 
   the other party that would be associated with catholics is the sdlp . 
  i 'm not sure what they 're like . 
  they 're kinda irrelevant . 
  did n't they get 3 seats the last time around ? 
  that 's a rather big share of ni seats ( about 1/6 i believe ) . 
  trump is also not a racist , he 's just insensible . 
  i guess kasich would be better than trump but ryan likely not . 
  ryan would be much more effective than trump and not about things either you or me would like .
