  if poverty and high fertility rates are directly linked , the solution is actually simply to reproduce less . 
  if there are less people , there are more ressources per person , as long as they can still garner all the resources . 
  so it 's a bit more complex . 
  reproduction & poverty are an evil circle . 
  to the poorest africans , their offspring is their life insurance for old age and a source of income ( if they either let their kids work in other jobs or let them help in their own buisness - for instance on a farm ) . 
  however in the end higher fertility only causes there to be less and less per person , which in turn leads the individual to create even more offspring to ensure their place in society . 
  fundamentally it is a problem of poverty but the high levels of offspring are central in this because africa 's fertility rate is unsustainably high . 
  their life expectancy is climbing faster than their fertility rate drops . 
  a big problem in this is actually catholicism which forbids condoms & other forms of coitus interruptus . 
  islam is more open to this [ which is why the muslim north does a lot better ] ( https://www.newsecuritybeat.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/madsen-fig1.jpg ) . 
  the south is dominated by protestants and irreligious people , they also do a lot better . 
  central africa is the catholic mainland . 
  poverty of course is also a big part . 
  if you have no money for birth control , it does n't matter wheter your faith allows it or not ( take niger for instance ) . 
  so we may not adress problems today , only because our granddaddys caused them ? 
  let 's rather just ignore it then or what is your solution ? 
  arguing about colonialism in a serious manner is extremely conservative . 
  you 're only looking back and you wo n't fix anything . 
  the only serious things are those that we still do . 
  economically we do a lot to keep africa down today . 
  unfortunately their governments do not forbid it but they 're not excactly in a good position to do so either and it might be even worse today after so much exposure to the west . 
  if you want to argue about colonisalism , please argue about what we do today , not what we did decades ago . 
  one of those we can change , the other we ca n't . 
  playing the blame game like you do is completely useless and hinders productive solutions . 
  our colonies were taken from us . 
  we 're still mad \u0ca0_\u0ca0 / s our educatiional system we recently ripped apart by reforms . 
  it 's still relatively good in comparison to other countries but it used to be better . 
  i think this article might blow things a bit out of proportion . 
  how many people did he legitimatly anger with it ? 
  clicking retweet or like is a very easy task and way faster than seriously thinking about it . 
  honestly , i could just see people skimming over their screens in their echo chambers and being like : `` yeah , that sounds kind of bad , let me retweet it '' and then never spending another thought on it . 
  the vast majority of people would think this is a perfectly fine statement ( otherwise i have completely lost touch with the world - and i mean completely ) . 
  there 's not much news in this imo . 
  you ca n't please everyone . 
  even if i said `` africa has problems '' some people would say it 's racist . 
  in the end one should n't feed the trolls over something like this ( now i know many people are totally serious about this but it does n't make much difference actually in an instance like this ) . 
  i can find you just as many academics who disagree entirely with that article . 
  the guy who is cited in the wikipedia paragraph has a phd in political science aswell . 
  i would say yes but the entire british election was very populistic after brexit which politicized many people and made the entire country uncertain and somewhat chaotic . 
  i can disagree with the text , ca n't i ? 
  wikipedia says the same thing about populism and centrism . 
  it 's not like i 'm making this up :  populism is a mode of political communication that appeals to the `` common man '' , often contrasted against the `` privileged elite '' . 
  populism tends to be centrist on the traditional left -- right political spectrum , as it sees both bourgeois capitalists and socialist organizers as having an unfair domination in the political sphere . 
  i find labeling populism an ideology very unfitting . 
  it 's not a solidified worldview but a temporal engagement , usually around one topic and it 's actually usually somewhat center ( got to be popular ) . 
  i do n't really know any major party or politician that runs on an elitist platform ( which would be the opposite of populism ) . 
  populism merely means appealing to what 's popular . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  introducing gay marriage in germany was a populist move for instance . 
  it was popular with the people , that 's why the parties went for it . 
  everyone in the french election race was a populist , maybe some less than others but you ca n't just use it as a scam and then only for the candidates you do n't like . 
  merkel is extremely populistic , she merely maintains a calmer brand of politics . 
  i do n't think it 's really possible to win elections today anymore on a non-populist platform . 
  but it probably worked earlier in less democratic systems ( jefferson was a bit of an elitist - though left wing - if i 'm not misinformed and back then the majority of americans was not allowed to vote ) . 
  there 's a much better word for people like le pen , wilders , farage & co. : demagoges . 
  looks like a cartoon, 
  to be fair , you could argue he was . 
  centrism is a very vague description . 
  it only means you use ideas from different sides and balance them out somehow . 
  hitler did so . 
  macron and merkel do aswell but still they 're obviously pretty far away from hitler . 
  you could litteraly take the excact opposite ideas as someone else and still both be centrists , though obviously your outlook is vastly different . 
  that 's why it 's imo a stupid term . 
  it reminds me of the argument to moderation fallacy . 
  i do n't really see bush being a centrist though . 
   without being seriously for the little guy the spd 's problem is that noone belives they are for the `` little people '' ( can you really say that in english ? ), 
  anymore . 
  i think their problem is that the right wing is in charge but that the actual basis of the party is more left . 
  they do n't make much of an effort to differentiate themselves from the cdu . 
  do n't do anything 2 . 
  if the majority opinion sways much in one direction switch your own position according to it 3 . 
  do [ this ] ( http://bilder2.n-tv.de/img/incoming/crop10580521/3624996026-cimg_16_9-w680/3bfu0816.jpg ) every once in a while 4 . 
  go back to point 1 it works because the other parties ca n't come up with anything popular enough to topple this system and if they do , merkel 's move would be to just adapt it . 
   this is a scene you would expect to see in some third world country . 
  cars burning is no rariety in germany sadly . 
   when is antifa going to be declared a terrorist organization ? 
  this was n't antifa . 
  this was n't antifa , this was the [ black bloc ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_bloc ) . 
  dunno if it makes much difference but still . 
  why are the portugese so much more fearful than the spanish ? 
   they reproduce with a fertility rate of 1,2 they actually do n't if you look at it from a macroperspective . 
  so a single portugese could be considered life but not the portugese ( not that we are much better in germany ) . 
  it 's the lowest fertility rate the world banks records though . 
  now we know what they are n't doing , then what are they doing ? 
   this has got to be the most clutching-at-straws argument i 've ever seen . 
  it 's not an argument . 
  i was just saying that a coin-flip is not binary . 
  agnosticism is not the coin landing on its side . 
   so in that case you 're an atheist by default . 
  i hate to burst your `` i 'm occupying the middle-ground '' bubble huh ? 
  i 'm not . 
  i would desribe myself as a theist . 
   that is not a difference at all . 
  they 're both the absence of belief in god . 
  just worded differently . 
  no , nontheism is a broader term . 
  atheism is the lack of belief . 
  nontheism is the lack of espoused belief . 
  that 's not the same . 
  if someone asks you to bet on a specific horse at a horserace and you say you ca n't know whether the horse in question is going to win or not , you do n't lack the belief that it 's going to win but you have n't made up your mind yet .
