  there is no use that educated refugees stay around here in poorly paid jobs when they could be the elite of their home country ( and especially poor countries need educated people , however many of them go to the west ) . 
  apart from that if the refugees have poor oppurtunities in the future ( which they will have because there 's not nearly enough resources used on integration ) they are much more likely to become criminals . 
  studies about terrorists show that often terrorists are underachievers but rarely total loosers . 
  a frequent pattern is that they have a good education but no oppurtunities and no money/status . 
  the cdu ( merkel 's party ) had more than 40 % last time around . 
  now they 're polling at about 30 % . 
  her popularity has definitely taken big hits inside of germany . 
  lots of people inside of germany also do n't like her . 
   would n't it entirely depend upon the circumstances ? 
  of course it would . 
  if nk attacked britian ( to take the most extreme example ) , they would of course retaliate . 
  you have to take this in context of the situation right now . 
  if north korea decides to actually go full retard , things would look much different . 
  what he is really trying to do is to appease the situation . 
  if he would say , that the uk should get involved , that would increase the conflict . 
  common , that 's just a typing error . 
  they said they would n't form a coalition before the election back then . 
  i think such promises are bullshit but if you made one , you 're on the shitter if you then break it without some pretty good reasons . 
  that 's only because they have klamarunion 2.0 . as a backup . 
  they are merely socially left . 
  their voter share is significantly wealthier than linke , even spd . 
  their average voter earns about 10.000 euros more pr . 
  year than the average linke voter , making them the party with the 2nd wealthiest voter base ( tied with cdu voters - actually cdu voters earn about 9 euros more pr . 
  month but that 's statistically insignificant ) . 
  fdp voters are of course the wealthiest . 
  [ source on page 600 in earnings pr . 
  month ] ( https://www.diw.de/documents/publikationen/73/diw_01.c.562050.de/17-29.pdf ) now do n't get me wrong , they certainly have a left wing but they are not the majority of the base . 
  they ( the actual party base ) elected \u00d6zdemir for god 's sake , even despite him being the least charismatic candidate for grabs . 
  which left party would ever do that ? 
   unless we shoot them at the border ( like the afd proposed ) if you refer to petry 's `` shie\u00dfbefehl '' , that was actually a more interesting comment than most people would give it credit for because it adresses a central probelm : if there is too much illegal immigration , you ca n't stop it unless you use force . 
  now i suppose petry intended to fish for the people who actually want to shoot people at the border so i do n't commend her for the comment but it 's still an interesting thought experiment because if there were enough illegal immigrants , i think shooting people at the border could become a mainstream position ( which is a frightening scenario ) because at a certain point the crowds would just be to big to stop in a peaceful way if they really want in . 
  now of course this assumes numbers that far outmatch the current numbers ( which is again why petry 's comment is somewhat resentful the way she said it ) but it should be a wake-up call to adress the causes of illegal immigration . 
  this is also why i dislike what merkel did . 
  she barely thinks 2 steps ahead with this . 
  she should use the crisis to adress the issue ( because in this century we will see immigration in proportions that dwarf the current `` crisis '' if we do n't do anything about the situation ) and instead she sweeps it under the rug with stuff like the turkey deal . 
  bad discussion culture , especially regarding immigration . 
  in the public the discussion seemed to be mostly about being pro- or anti-immigration which people relegated to left and right and at times also nazi and not nazi . 
  the entire discussion just was incredibly silly because actual solutions or attempts at solutions took the back hand in favor of feel-good talk or demagogery . 
  i assume it it 's similar in other countries , just there people are less afraid and less likely to be compared to nazis ( and they also care less ) . 
  the cdu is also great at swallowing competition . 
  that 's their core strategy , it 's really frustrating . 
  because the cdu is relatively liberal in comparison and because the fdp is relatively conservative . 
  if you would fuse them together , you 'd probably get something like vvd ( netherlands ) or venstre ( denmark ) . 
  germany is relatively conservative though but it 's kind of been that way since the 2nd empire ( i.e. 
  the foundation of the modern german state ) , if not for longer . 
  big countries tend to be more conservative from my experience . 
  germany is the most populous european country ( excluding russia because they span 2 continents ) . 
   the greens advocate a more ecological economy , european integration and broader rights for minority groups . 
  ** their leadership is centrist ; their membership farther to the left . 
  ** this is actually a dubious statement . 
  it applies much rather to the spd . 
  it was a multivariate regression analysis so this should be accounted for in the study already . 
  source : https://phys.org/news/2017-08-greater-access-higher-reversed-eu.html, 
  it was a multivariate regression analysis so this should be accounted for in the study already . 
   what ? 
  we have plenty of predatory birds . 
  where did you get that from ? 
  i mean on your coat of arms . 
  i think the programms actually do not have that much overlap though i did not study them . 
  but once fdp is in government it will probably be the same old story . 
  csu and cdu are much closer than this . 
  i do n't see too much major disagreement , the drama is all pussyfooting around for votes . 
  i 'm a little sure about how to read the placements otherwise . 
  are the placements meant to be in relation to the current landscape or are they meant to be total ? 
  if the later is the case , the placement of linke is odd because it positions them as economically communist which they are not ( apart from some very few members ) , the placement of fdp and afd would also be odd because neither want a minimal state as far as i 'm concerned . 
  if the placement is proportional to the current situation they are about right but i would still say that in the grand scheme of things ( not in proportion ) , spd is currently to the right . 
  they used to be much more to the left , hell they used to be a socialist party . 
   i know one of the important party members is a baroness interestingly she 's also the grandchild of hitler 's finance minister . 
  you mean something along the lines of [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6sak1xk.png ) ? 
  i 'm sorry , but you have no more predator birds since the 15th century . 
  if you want something that shows your enemies , you are not to be messed with , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ikjtuls.png ) is the only way . 
  looks like you 're about to slay ze frenchman . 
  you already turned his flag on ze side . 
   honestly , im surprised that the cdu is still leading , sure , i did n't expect the afd to win , but cdu to be over 10 % ahead ? 
  the cdu is kind of in a sweet-spot . 
  the afd is incredibly incompetent , i think very few people want them to govern and they have a very bad image aswell . 
  they 're not really respected as a credible political party in the mainstream and thus the opposition to the cdu from a right-wing conservative side is small but the current climate ( = the refugee/migrant-crisis ) still leads people to want for right-wing conservative policies . 
  it 's a little ironic because the cdu led government actually created the situation but they just slowly backpaddled further and further and now many people do n't really see an alternative as they do n't want to vote afd but still want law and order kind of policies . 
  that 's the general tactic of merkel cdu , wait for the others to say as much bullshit as possible ( which inevitably always happens ) , while you yourself say some very few things that are popular among the majority . 
  still in actuallity the cdu probably has the fewest solutions to anything and i also think that the spd is closer to mainstream opinion ( or possibly even the greens ) but the cdu will remain popular until the left gets their shit together and currently they most certainly have not . 
  the thing is that the cdu is very clever in a tactical way . 
  they play their good cop/bad cop game with the csu but they actually work together about this , signifying that both positions are reasonably represented in the party ( both the more hardlinder csu and the more lenient cdu position ) but that the party is still overall unified and able to work together . 
  with the greens and linke people rather have the impression that there 's a lot of arguing inside the party and that they do n't work together as well . 
  spd has a lot of trouble with how to adress the schr\u00f6der reforms . 
  currently in leadership is still the schr\u00f6der-wing . 
  i think they need a leaderhip change that significantly distinguishes them from the schr\u00f6der years ( which does of course entail a different position overall ) . 
  currently they have no real chance at believably distancing themselves from schr\u00f6der wheter they actually want it or not . 
  yes , something along the lines of that would most likely have to go along with a referendum but currently the russian leader has to appear as a strongman , so i do n't know how many concessions even a president who wants to appease the situation could make without enraging the population . 
  mainly changing taxes and ending foreign intervention . 
  at least those are their biggest talking points . 
  i very much think it would but not currently . 
  and i think it could happen faster than anyone expects if the right situation arises . 
  for instance if cdu and fdp get enough votes to forge a coalition and their government ends up being unpopular , i could see it happen in 2021 already if the spd gets a more leftwing leadership ( as since the schr\u00f6der years they have been significantly to the right of where they historically stood ) . 
  it simply takes the right kind of climate . 
  the climate does also change the parties . 
  if linke gets more support , that could lead to more moderation , if spd gets less support that could lead to change . 
  my preferences are that there is peace in the region . 
  i 'm totally aware that the area is majority russian and in theory i have no problem with it becomming russian if the people want that . 
  what khrushchev did back then is commonly interpreted as actually being illegal and the area is still majority russian . 
  what is the problem are the means by which russia took crimea .
