  apart from that people who vote left are usually more educated ( i do n't say it as a slur , that is actually the common statistic ) . 
  melenchon probably has a fair bit of uneducated people on board aswell but surely less than le pen and not necesarilly more than fillon or macron . 
  le pen and trump are very different . 
  le pen is an experienced politician with a vision . 
  trump is an exhibitionist who likes to act out his ego on stage . 
  he really seems to have no clue of what he is doing now in the white house ( all his decissions seem incredibly guided by his top advisors or fox news ) . 
  there are a couple of points you should consider : 1 . 
  this is literally what the normal civil right wing parties thought in the early 1930 's and le pen is literally a natioal-socialist . 
  melenchon 's tax is a 90 % tax on everything people earn above 400k ( so at 430k , only the last 30k would get the 90 % tax ) . 
  i know noone who earns that much . 
  le pen suggested a retirement age of 60 aswell . 
  melenchon adresses your fears of tax evasion as that 's one of the main points he wants to re-negotiate with the eu . 
  well the french basicly have a relevant communist party . 
  they had 1/4th of votes after the 2nd world war and even though there numbers declined after that , they held onto 5-7 ,5 % ever since the 90 's without much shift in anything , that 's only slightly less than our non-communist left party in germany gets today . 
  and if anything france 's far right candidate is fillon . 
  le pen is a national-socialist . 
  she has quite a bit of leftism in her programme aswell . 
  it 's definitely right wing in the end but more nationalist than anything else ( not far right ) . 
  i mean comparing the afd ( our actual far right party in germany ) to the fn is quite inconsistent . 
  the afd would flip their tables if someone told them le pen suggested retirement at 60 ( i do n't think she campaigned much on this but it 's definitely a reflection of her goals ) . 
  fillon on the other hand actually suggested to privatize health care ( which is truly a far right position , especially in france ) . 
  no , i did not forget about sweden . 
  sweden does tax a lower percentage of their gdp than france as another user recently informed me . 
  denmark is probably more left than sweden ( they do actually tax more gdp than france ) . 
  france is more conservative than the scandinavians but i would n't say more to the right . 
  it 's debatable though , there is no final say on that . 
  well hamon is definitely not going to make it . 
  i mean he seems nice and all but he flunked his oppurtunity . 
  i was speaking only going by the 4 candidates that are reasonably close now . 
  edit : i thought you were getting at basic income but now i see you actually meant fillon lol ... 
  this is an actual concern . 
  no idea where you got that downvote from . 
  if anything it should be linked to other emissions aswell ( and nox 's should be more costly than co2 ) . 
  just read his stuff i would say . 
  `` either/or '' is his main work . 
  i do n't think it is usually considered as being that hard . 
  he is far less theoretical than other philosophers . 
  he wrote `` either/or '' as a dialouge between people with different models of life . 
  even better than johannes v. jensen ? 
  i definitely want to get to kierkegaard ( i like him a lot from the little i have read ) but i would find it hard to believe that he could beat jensen . 
  that 's honestly perhaps the best part of being a german . 
  go a few generations back and our litterature is more rich than all european litterature ( fully includes english , also from america ) and german is usually seen as harder to translate to english than french or spanish . 
  indeed , he is an a grade poet , he 's no rilke but still among the very finest ( but some of the thing he wrote sound rambling in english and wonderful in german ) . 
  ah yes , that 's the sentence they say is intranslatable ( because of the word maman ) . 
  also did anyone else think the first chapter was way beyond the rest ( not that the rest was n't good either but the first chapter was the shit ) ? 
  it 's even more confusing because that 's definitely tolstoy . 
  macron vs. melenchon would be the non corrupt set up . 
  however i think le pen will potentially be weakened by getting to the 2nd round and then losing big time in the direct face off , while fillon would be validated for the shit he did . 
  still getting him there after all that shit would be like : `` yeah , we know you 're corrupt but we care horseshit about that , you know we 're dumb , please fool us , actually we love you and that corruption thing was a minor mistake ... really , it 's not a big deal , here is a free hug '' . 
  if fillon loses it might actually get his party to think . 
  maybe their tollerance for corruption will vane off ( a little at least ) . 
  as for le pen , she 's corrupt either way ( but what she did was not as bad as what fillon did ) . 
  her party will not look at themselves as the reason they 'll lose the election . 
  if they barely miss the 2nd round , they will cry out for the `` manipulated election wolf '' and blame everyone else . 
  if le pen misses second round by say 0,1 % it will look to people as if the fn is strong . 
  if she loses in the 2nd round by 20 points ( or even more ) it will clearly show that the people of france reject le pen . 
  le pen is corrupt too, 
   i never saw a poll missing the result by 20 points . 
  they are very accurate within the margins of error . 
  http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/mn/minnesota_democratic_presidential_caucus-3585.html it 's not like it 's long ago . 
  he was given a 0,1 % chance or so ( 1/1000 ) ... sure it was a caucus , polling was insuficciant and all but polls and end results had nothing to do with each other . 
  with so much polling like in the french election and no weird caucus systems , it seems unlikely that the polls would be that off . 
  but can i just repeat , that one of those polls was 50 points off ( because it 's honestly kind of funny ) . 
  you would likely have been better of making a blind guess or throwing dice or so . 
   le pen best chance is go to the second round with fillon , where she is losing by only 14 points . 
  in her best poll she was 5 points off . 
  of course that seems like an outlier but it should be said . 
  france is potentially the most to the left country in europe . 
  their ideas of communism do look different than what you got from russia ( which was double awful because first and foremost it was imperialism ) . 
  i mean france even had more revolutions than russia , they 're also a much richer country ( and that 's where marx said communism would start , in the richest , most developed countries not in a poor peasant republic like russia ) . 
  likewise they 're communists , not socialists . 
  you never had communism ( as it 's an utopia ) . 
  just giving some perspective . 
  there really is quite a bit of nuance to it and there are quite a few reasons it has the support it has and it would have been interesting to see how a communist republic of france or germany would have been different from the sovjet union if either had formed after the 1st world war . 
  and i say that despite not believing in communism . 
  ehrm ... like i do n't want to point at the flag besides my username but ... ok , really that 's just what i 'm doing . 
  2nd round polls look too clear to get the winner wrong ( safe for fillon vs. 
  le pen and possible melenchon vs. macron - which also do look incredibly clear but not definitive ) . 
  the only thing that could change the outlook would be if macron misses the 2nd round and if this poll is remotely reliable that seems unlikely - although take 2,5 from macron and give it to fillon ... ( unlikely but not impossible ), 
  yeah , if corrupt politicians make it to the 2nd round , that 's dope . 
  they both strike me as the kind of people that would puke on your lunch intentionally . 
  only difference is , fillon says sorry ( in a very smug manner while wiping his mouth ) , while le pen stands up after puking and declares `` vive la france '' only to then leave without saying another word . 
  your comment basicly boils down to what i considered writing myself . 
  hitler and stalin are very close . 
  a prime difference is that in stalin 's sovjetunion people were actually poor as fuck and corperations were owned by the state . 
  but otherwise stalin was never hesistant to pick up fashist ideas . 
  this would boil down to the age old : who 's a real socialist discussion . 
  i do n't really want to have that right now , so let 's just say stalin broke with many of the major socialist ideals and ran his country in a nationalist way ( russians were allowed to be nationalist , not the satelite states ) . 
  was he a socialist ? 
  yes and no ( not in principle but in practise his actions were connected to the idea and they ended up creating some kind of equality - i.e. 
  everyone safe for party leadership being poor ) . 
  hitler on the other hand very clearly warped the understanding of state into a national one ( which is not the socialist understanding where the state is rather seen as a necessary evil ) . 
  the state was subjugated to the nation which is an anti-socialist ideal . 
  socialism does explicitly call for world revolution ... 
  if we go into this territory we start to argue about definitions and there is no substance left . 
  you can make everyone a socialist today if you really want to , the definition has become very flexible because it has been used in so many ways . 
  however i do n't see reason in that . 
  hitler 's approach clearly breakes with traditional socialism ( in the line of marx ) and so do most states that claimed to be socialist over the years . 
  the crux is probably in wheter communism is even possible or not but that does n't mean we can just throw around labels like shit . 
   he wants a 90 % tax rate ... only on the money earned above 400k + ( thus if you earn 430k , you pay 90 % on the last 30k , not on the other 400k ) .
