  our neo-nazi party ) . 
  the afd is nationalistic aswell but they are also economically liberal . 
  poll : * 100 % of germans do not elect the french president . 
  well , lafontaine has said that they basicly have the same political beliefs and he used to be spd leader ... 
  i 'm just saying ... 
   i agree that ideally democracies need to have strong oppositions . 
  is there a risk in germany that grand coalitions become somewhat inevitable ( if afd/linke stay as permanent features ) ? 
  i guess there is always a risk . 
  as for the afd : if they stay as unpopular as they are noone will coalition with them and in that case they definitely encourage a grand coalition . 
  if they normalize themselves , they could coalition with cdu and fdp ( ugh ) . 
  as for linke : they could be part of a coaliton government whenever the spd is willing to give into the concessions and with schulz the spd basicly started to campaign in an area where such a coalition would be the obvious next step . 
  it 's only a matter of wheter they keep that course and keep their promises . 
  one more thing to consider is that the conservative electorate is old . 
  in a [ poll from december last year ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/spon-wahltrend-update-civey-so-haben-sie-in-der-sonntagsfrage-abgestimmt-a-1126576.html ) the afd+cdu got more than 50 % in the 65 + demographic but less than 1/3 in the youngest demographic . 
  of course some of these people will go afd/cdu when older but i think it 's unlikely it 'll balance out their drop in the older part of the population . 
   well part of the problem is that we have die linke and probably now the afd sitting on the extreme ends of the political spectrum who nobody wants to work with ... and they themselves dont really have any interest in that either ( do what we want or no coalition ) as they would loose their protest party status . 
  that 's not really true . 
  petry effectively worked towards normalizing the afd so that a coalition with the cdu would be possible . 
  cdu/afd differences are n't that big either , the only problem is that the afd is so incredibly unpopular that cdu polling would probably drop big time and thus they would n't do it . 
  as petry lost her fight for leading candidate now , i think we can rest assured that there is no way this could happen this election . 
  for the left it 's different . 
  they do want to work together with the spd and greens if they get a sensible coalition deal with enough concessions . 
  public opinion of them is n't as devastating as of the afd either . 
  schulz has said that he 'd like rrg before paddling back to saying that he 'd prefer rgy . 
  it smells very much like grand coalition though . 
  a weak rrg government ( with just over 50 % ) would likely be problematic and greens and fdp are likely to weak for anything but jamaica which i do n't see happening . 
  cem is popular ? 
  coalition on state level is a little different though . 
  we also have red-red-green in berlin for instance , which is highly debated on federal level . 
  we also have red-red in th\u00fcringen . 
  because a large part of their electorate is not the kretschmann wing . 
  if they become indistinguishable from the cdu people might aswell consider voting cdu ... and then the left-leaning part of their electorate will vote the left and their party is dead ... 
   another thing to consider is that people are also looking at all the political decisions happening in other countries ... ... which have led to `` colourful '' results over the last 24 months . 
  brexit , trump , the shit going on in poland ( dont even get me started on turkey ) have probably been better pr for merkel than she herself could have ever conceived . 
  the problem is that her immigration politics might have actually been what tipped brexit , trump and that shit that 's been happening in poland over the edge ... 
   but damn , why do germans like merkel so much ? 
  i mean , i like her ( especially for a right-winger ) but she has been winning election after election . 
  somebody explain . 
  merkel is the incarnation of subtle populism . 
  she swings a lot with public opinion . 
  she has the ability to appeal to almost the entire right-wing ( especially considering that afd are on a downhill trend ) and she appeals a lot to the center aswell . 
  i hold basicly the opposite beliefs of her party ( and i dislike them in general ) but i 'm not really sure if any of the other candidates for chancellor would be better . 
  if schulz lays out a plan to reform the eu and to improve our job market , i would prefer him but the only thing he 's done is being super vague and not particularly trustworthy . 
  i do like wagenknecht but she 'll never be chancellor , if she would be , she would be antagonized immediatly . 
  holy cow , what 's happening to the cdu ? 
  she is definitely left on economics in relation to macron . 
  if she is left on economics in general is debatable but i think as off now it makes much more sense to compare her to her opponent . 
  however le pen 's proposals are more expansive than you say . 
  she also wants to cut income taxes for the poorest , she wants no new trade deals and protectionism in general . 
  apart from that she also opposes privatisation of state owned companies like la poste . 
  that 's no far left policy or anything but it 's to the left of what france has already and france is already among the most to the left countries in europe , only denmark pays more taxes . 
  does she actually want to do something about climate change ? 
  just curious . 
  rather in direct opposition to everything the republicans stand for . 
  generally left-wing people will probably prefer macron on the social issues and foreign policy but prefer le pen on economic issues . 
  i think you do n't really understand the french election then . 
  try to look at how both le pen and melenchon antagonized the current german politics . 
  even macron himself has distanced himself from germany by criticizing german economics ( after even sch\u00e4uble said he 's behind macron ) . 
  meanwhile virtually all german parties except the left ( which supported melenchon and described macron a neoliberalist but would prefer him over le pen ) and the afd ( which i 'm fairly sure support le pen ) have been really enthusiastic about macron . 
  and it does n't look particularly good if your neighbour country is that mad about you in a time of nationalist resurgence and also not considering that the french do n't seem particularly enthused about german economics and certainly not about a guy who would be its lapdog ... 
  i understand why people see it that way but to me liberalism is inherently right-wing . 
  i think that social policies are more a question of liberalism vs. authoritarianism and not so much left/right . 
  the sovjetunion was an extremely oppressive system as i mentioned in another post but they were very much to the left . 
  likewise libertarian parties are also pro gay marriage and pro legalising canabis and stuff but they 're also some of the most right-wing parties . 
  i do understand that liberalism has become something quite different in the us but for once i do not like the way they use it and further i think in europe we 're largely still going by the classical definition . 
  for instance our liberal party in germany is at the same time usually considered our most right-wing party , the fdp . 
   i do think the solution must and should come from the eu and not a french president . 
  i do think that part of the eu ( the richest ) should come closer and move towards federation . 
  yeah that would be preferrable but going by the way germany has been `` leading '' the eu for the past years it seems like we 're currently doing the opposite ( * hail sch\u00e4uble ! * ) . 
  i think the interesting part of melenchon 's plan was that he would actually force the change despite all the conservative elements in the eu leadership , because he 's got the leverage when he has a frexit referendum in the other hand . 
  however he got 20 % in the first round and france only has about 10 % of the eu inhabitants so it could backfire pretty horribly . 
  in germany i do n't really know where we 're going right now . 
  schulz actually supported hamon in the first round ( the former spd leader , gabriel , supported macron but gabriel is known for his right-wing politics ) , that might be a good sign and he obviously knows quite a bit of the eu but he 's been super vague so far and i have n't really seen a plan for reform from his side . 
  merkel would certainly mean continuing the current path ... schulz could , too but it 's hard to say . 
  i 'm not too informed on brexit but personally i do not see the gain in it when everything is said and done , especially not considering that you might have an actual 50 % torry majority now and scotland possibly seceding . 
  i mean sure , theoretically you could restructure your society in a better way but that 's not usually achieved by following idiots . 
  apart from that i somewhat agree with you . 
  some of the more intelligent people i spoke to where more in favor of trump than hillary while the averagely intelligent were very fast to write trump off as an idiot dickhead and americans as stupid for voting for him without reading deeper into anything ( same with le pen , afd and brexit ) . 
  however my impression is also that the 2 or 3 most clever people i know were ultimately agaisnt brexit , trump , le pen , afd and everything along these lines . 
  i know it 's a slightly resentful example but think about martin heidegger for instance ( i think we can agree he was quite intelligent ) , he legitimately was a nazi for some years before starting to oppose them , likewise hermann hesse was for ww i before it began ( he even wanted to fight in the war but they did n't take him because of his physical condition ) but also deeply regreted his opinion later and took a full 180 . 
  i think the reason intelligent people are fooled by this is because the general population is vastly ignorant to a lot of the implications ( for instance that the eu is extremely problematic in its current form or that clinton was a terrible , terrible candidate ) . 
  however then people start to construct theories around it that only work in a laboratory and ignore some of the real life implications ( for instance the insurgence of the torries in your country now and how they are basicly swallowing ukip ) . 
  as i said already , i would not advocate for it . 
  one argument could be that we 'd better get over the catastrophe sooner than later because now perhaps france could still shake off le pen and the fn , while in 2022 it 'd be more likely to succumb to an actual fascist society . 
  another perspective could be that macron wo n't fix any of the problems you think important , le pen will neither . 
  that 's 10 years down the gutter . 
  le pen getting in could mean 5 years regress but then a candidate you actually like and 5 years actual progress . 
  of course the flaw in that thinking is that 5 years macron could also lead to a leftist winning in 2022 ( but to be fair , i think 5 years macron helps the fn more than the left ) . 
  another perspective yet again is that macron is the compromise of compromises . 
  few people are passionate either for or against him while a lot of people downright hate le pen . 
  thus le pen could motivate much political opposition and lead to a reform of the left . 
  against le pen the left would look strong , against macron they would be weak beacuse they 'll likely have to compromise with him in some way , otherwise people would blame them for an unfunctioning government . 
  meanwhile they could oppose le pen and people would love them for it . 
  i do n't think that anything justifies voting le pen as i 'm fairly convinced none of this will pay off but it 's more complex than people give it credit for . 
   that 's not an argument against a macron 's vote though . 
  if you 're afraid of le pen in 2022 , why not being afraid of her now ? 
  it 's a good reason not to endorse macron . 
  i think people who have those thoughts do n't want le pen to win , which practically means they want macron to win ( at least between the 2 ) but they do n't want him to win big time and they would prefer if he would win without their vote . 
  apart from that one could hope that getting le pen now with a super slim edge is better than getting her 2022 with a 60/40 win . 
  it 's not my line of thinking mind you , i would vote for macron but there are a lot of variables .
