  -  disdain for intellectuals and the arts - fascist nations tend to promote and tolerate open hostility to higher education , and academia . 
  it is not uncommon for professors and other academics to be censored or even arrested . 
  free expression in the arts and letters is openly attacked . 
  -  fraudulent elections - sometimes elections in fascist nations are a complete sham . 
  other times elections are manipulated by smear campaigns against or even assassination of opposition candidates , use of legislation to control voting numbers or political district boundaries , and manipulation of the media . 
  fascist nations also typically use their judiciaries to manipulate or control elections . 
  but obviously none of these if part of her programm ( it would be stupid if you would promise that shit to people ) but when you 're in power ... 
  things suddenly start to look different . 
  apart from all this le pen is litterally a national-socialist . 
  that should be enough already . 
   on a real note : a family has special rights according to the gg . 
  especially the mother is mentioned there . 
  do you really think they meant some gay couple , when they wrote this paragraph ? 
  of course not but what does that matter ? 
  the gg is from 1949 , we should expect it to be outdated on some points . 
  these are n't god given laws that are objectively right or something . 
  it is a reflection of how a bunch of people in 1949 thought our society should look and while i the vast majority of people find it generally agreeable , there are a few laws and paragraphs which do not fit into our world anymore today . 
  it obviously reflects women 's position in society at that time ( because many did not have a job and needed that protection ) . 
  if it were made today , i do not think this part would be included . 
   and sex education in biology should foremost be about reproduction and protection . 
  if they then want to say a few sentences about homosexuality whatever . 
  but there are people who want to push a more sex focused education . 
  meaning it is more about what kind of sex practices are possible and a relativistic view about gender and family is pushed . 
  which is exactly the kind of point people from the afd massively overdo . 
  i litterally finished school last year and homosexuality was not mentioned once in biology . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  she is technically not a candidate for chancellor because the afd can not hope to provide a chancellor and she 's also part of a 2 person team with gauland but i still think it 's okay to call her their candidate even if it 's a simplification . 
  considering their stance on homosexuals ... ehr . 
  i mean you 're not going to argue for their `` they are free to do this but the state should not support it '' bullshit , are you ? 
  that 's basicly implying that you want to subsidize marriage but not same sex marriage . 
  thinking of same sex marriage in terms of subsidies ( or no subsidies ) implies choice which is absolutely ridiculous . 
  what exactly is the state hoping for by not subsidies same sex marriage ? 
  that less people will be homosexual ? 
  it will only result in less marriages which is actually the opposite of what they want on paper . 
  on an appending note : of course this is marriage only before the state . 
  churches are entirely free to decide wheter they want to let gay people marry there or not as we live in a secular state . 
  really , their arguments resist logic . 
  their stance on climate change is even worse . 
   dared to talk about global warming . 
  ** how dare they !? 
  and what are libertarians ? 
  \u00af \\ \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af thank you monsieur !, 
   the problem is that left/right is n't that simply defined other than conservative/lberal conservative and liberal are n't opposites . 
  the opposite of conservative is progressive and the opposite of liberal is authoritarian . 
  the point of the political compass is exactly that they have a clear defnition of left and right ( a purely economic one ) . 
  it will likely not match with most peoples understanding of left and right but even if they mean something different for you , you 'll be able to see where they 're comming from . 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af i literally copied yours and it still wo n't work :(, 
  meh , they 're a split party . 
  some of them want to be on the left ( but more in the social sense , the greens in my state want to privatize our trains ) and others go pretty well along with the cdu ( their most succesful ministerpresident is usually accused of this , even within the party , he got about more than double the vote in his state than the greens got anywhere else , 30 % , and became the biggest party ) . 
  so they could n't really join up with any party because in various aspects they resemble all the other parties ( expect afd i would assume ) . 
  linke 's stances on ecology are quite similar ( they focus a little less on ecology and a little more on welfare and equality but their general stances tend to be similar ) but they have a much more distinct ( and actually left ) economic platform . 
  the greens are always like : \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af `` comunism , neoliberalism , where 's the difference ? 
  we 'll just do whatever . '', 
  note : i do n't get why my dude is missing his arm . 
  it 's sad . 
  both are enviromental concerns . 
  apparently conservatives do n't like conservativism when it comes to conserving the enviroment . 
   pretty much everyone agrees that climate change is a real thread . 
  but plenty of parties refuse to take the consequences . 
  tell that to the afd ( aka . 
  maybe our 3rd biggest party in the bundestag by fall ) . 
  the afd are doing very weird stuff . 
  for some time it seemed like they would shoot themselves so badly in the knee that they would vanish ( by derailing into full on extremism ) and next thing you know they nominate a lesbian banker ( basicly the 2 things they hate ) for chancellor . 
  but maybe their opinion on homosexuals is rather that lesbians are cool and gays are bad . 
  i do n't really know and i do n't know if i want to . 
  and i also have no clue what the current situation means . 
  it seems like their decission strengthened them in polls but it might be more of a momentary effect . 
   the far-leftist cdu yes , these crazy cultural marxists far left wingers . 
  they want to tax everything , i 've heard they rip the last shirt of the poor peasants because the state should own it for their own means . 
  their 45 % tax rate is exactly what keeps the poor germans down . 
  they have to give everything away to the evil cdu government . 
  merkel is basicly stalin , did you know she speaks russian ? 
  the communists did too , it 's basicly proven that she is the next commie dicator now , the signs are incredibly clear , we need to take action . 
  good that we have putin in russia now who would be an ally against her crazy regime . 
  surely the `` c '' in `` cdu '' stands for `` islamic '' , the `` d '' stands or `` marxist '' and the `` u '' stands for `` dictatorship '' . 
  everyone knows that , only stupid people do not . 
  and everyone knows the only thing that will keep the cdu from reinstating a tax on capital gain is the afd . 
  noone knows what the cdu will do , it could be a 100 % rate on capital gains basicly tomorrow , they are completely mental , their brains must have melted when they went so far left that they reached a new reality . 
  i missed the part where he called the soviet union a communist state ... 
  well , the flag is not a political position of mine . 
  in principle i do not like nation states but i think we 're not in the position to get rid of them right now and should adhere to their rules . 
  i put the flag there because then people know where i 'm from . 
  in theory i sympatize more with the idea of a eu or a `` world government '' . 
  i think that the political compas does somewhat represent a more complex and layered understanding of politics than used in everyday life ( it also does have the libertarian/authoritarian axis , not just left/right ) . 
  in everyday life left and right have close to no meaning - they 're more mock words than anything , different parties always want to paint their opponents as one thig or the other , conservatives might say that the main left party are far left even if the left party in question might think they 're moderate . 
  where excactly is the truth ? 
  in my estimation : nowhere if you go by the common definitions because they 're incredibly vague . 
  many people have noted that they want a globalist/nationalist axis aswell . 
  personally i think authoritarian/libertarian encapsulates that conflict already . 
  of course reality is always more complex but i find that politics look more like a game show . 
  we rarely actually even have a sensible debate about the really compressed reality that the compass represents . 
  so it 's a weird form of complexity , it might exist in everyday life but it 's not taken to the debates . 
  i think you simplify . 
  the euro is too weak for germany , thus germany is hurt by it because saving money is much harder than it should be ( low interest rates ) , at the same time exports run at record levels ( technically an advantage but at a high price ) . 
  at the same time the euro is too strong for countries like italy , spain or portugal which are also hurt by it because they have a hard time competing with other countries export . 
  apart from that the agenda 2010 is quite unpopular here . 
  schulz even announced that he wanted to reversve major parts of it . 
  our workers rights are fucked over in so many ways , it 's not even funny . 
  part time job sector is amazingly big . 
  many jobs are so worthless that you might aswell consider hart iv , etc. , etc.
