  iran is a relatively progressive society ( by middle eastern standards ) with an opressive government . 
  they 're the only middle eastern country which produces films that are also relevant in the west . 
  the goverment has a habit of ceonsoring stuff like that but the society itself has a rich cultural tradition . 
  saudi arabia in turn is a backwards society with an opressive government . 
   there was also attacks not before elections , did they surprise you too ? 
  your sentence makes no sense as i said i was n't surprised by these . 
  my point was that it seems like we get an extra load of terror attacks before elections which are clearly meant to disrupt the election . 
  it seems like a pattern to me . 
  why am i not surprised by a terror attack just before elections ? 
  if you 're leading a good life , you 're very unlikely to blow yourself up . 
   iran has their own islamists too ( it is a theocracy afterall ) . 
  they are n't better , shia is just the smaller sect so their radical retards are less influential no , they are better . 
  wahabits are ulta-conservative , puritan sunnis and most of them live in sa where they even get state funding for their teachings . 
  compared to that iran is moderate . 
  that 's just how you do it in britain it seems . 
  may does exactly the same ( with different talking points of course ) . 
   no he does n't , his planned reforms were designed to fail . 
  he just needed an excuse for a frexit ( the neoliberal eu elites do n't like my leftwing plans ) because he does n't want to be seen as a nationalist or an fn copy . 
  i 'm sorry to disturb you but where is the evidence and what does melenchon plan to gain by this ? 
  your entire speculation hinges on the idea that he 's some kind of evil mastermind . 
  why ? 
  he was a heavily pro-eu candidate who believed in the idea of the eu , just not in the execution . 
  thus he wanted to reform it . 
  i think the commitment to saving the eu shows how much it means to him . 
  in my mind he 's more pro eu than merkel for instance ( people will disagree because a lot of people here hate melenchon and buy whatever the media says about him ) . 
   sanders was running against a woman who seemed like she actively hated every single voter . 
  and he still did n't win . 
  clinton was running against the most unpopular candidate in recorded history and she still did n't win . 
  sanders was making up for a 60 point lead . 
  he was trailing clinton by that much and noone believed he could make it , yet it still became close . 
  besides : the party leadership stood firmly behind clinton and she had much more money to spend . 
   the term [ neoliberalism ] has been used in english since the start of the 20th century with different meanings sure , neoliberalism as we refer to it today is something else . 
  i was never denying that . 
  but the chicago and freiburg school are neoliberalism aswell , just still not the same as someone like reagan . 
  ordoliberalism is a sub-category of neoliberalism . 
  most not inherently conservative ideologies have progressive aspects ( even a generally conservative agenda can have progressive aspects ) . 
  but the bottom line is that sanders was not far away from becomming president . 
  how far left can he be if so many people agree with him ? 
  the far left in america is probably the green party . 
   anarchists , libertarian marxists , communalists that 's the rather extreme end i 'd say but yeah , it 's the direction . 
  i guess maybe i was thinking a little too much in the context of the presidential elections ( where i think left wing libertarians going for macron over melenchon was somewaht conceivable ) whereas in parliamentrary elections real left-wing libertarians would probably go for fi . 
  if you argue like this you can also say fdp and cdu want the 20s back , when business in general was much less regulated . 
  lindner is actually more progressive than wagenknecht . 
  and yes , he is a fan of neoliberalism ( the actual neoliberalism from the freiburg/chicago school , not what 's commonly described as neoliberalism ) and that originated in the 20 's ... well , maybe by this point you have noticed that i am talking about individual persons . 
  the fdp as a whole is not progressive ( and prescribing lindner as such might be a bit of a stretch but within the german political landscape you could do it ) . 
  the left as a whole is not conservative ( they probably have the most progressive members out of any party i would assume but also a huge chunk of conservatives like wagenknecht ) . 
  progressive does n't mean doing whatever is new btw . 
  it entails working for actual progress . 
  however all wagenknecht says is `` jobs , jobs , jobs jobs '' . 
  it 's not just economic policies , it 's her worldview . 
  did they seriously have full information about what their job included ?? 
  shh , winners do n't get trialed for war crimes . 
   basically in 2009 the law was changed so that where previously there would have to be evidence that the defendant was actively responsible for the killing , there was a warcrime review which meant people who were complicit could also be prosecuted . 
  are the laws not usually not applicable to past stuff ? 
  i mean if you operate under a certain set of laws you should be judged by that law . 
   the us is right wing looney land the republicans are right wing looney land . 
  you have to remember that we were n't far off from a president sanders . 
  the afd wants the 50 's back . 
  wagenknecht wants the 70 's . 
  you can see that here : https://www.youtube.com/wahttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=38vatvhkpgitch?v=38vatvhkpgi, 
   sorry did n't register the bundestag part . 
  who are you talking about ? 
  gabriel is n't a conservative either . 
  what the fuck are you the german version of a ` bernie-bro ' ? 
  i 'm talking about wagenknecht ? 
   and yes , american ` liberalism ' does exist in germany no , `` liberalism '' here is fdp . 
  in america they call that `` classical-liberalism '' . 
   `` corporation '' is not a bad word . 
  your entire economy rests on the back of private businesses and capital , and every party - including the left wing parties - has to account for that . 
  did i imply they were ? 
  the bad word here is massive donations . 
  i would n't want them to take massive donations from private persons either . 
   a serious party acknowledges the interests of everyone in the society , not only their core voting bloc . 
  if policies that would benefit low wage workers create problems for the rest of society and slow down the economy , then you can no longer justify having these policies . 
   objectively ranks * laughs *  and wtf is that last paragraph . 
  progressives is a label used for people staunchly on the left . 
  liberals occupy the centre left to centre right , conservatives the centre right to right , and the far-right is self-explanatory . 
  no , you can not be progressive and a right-winger . 
  please stop redefining established terms in a discussion , it confuses everybody . 
  progressivism is a belief in progress . 
  conservatism is a belief in conserving the society of a given a time . 
  both are often interlinked with respectively the left/right but that 's not what either of the words really means . 
  if you use it like that it becomes a cheap label and loses all meaning pretty fast . 
  liberalism means small state ( `` everyone is the architect of his own happiness '' ) . 
  the american `` liberals '' does not exist in europe . 
  are you from the us by any chance ? 
   and no , martin schulz is not a conservative . 
  martin schulz is also not the leader of our left party in the bundestag . 
  he is n't even in the bundestag . 
   yes they were , and yes it does . 
  it just was n't the traditional social democrat left , it was the new left - the kind of left that was needed to actually win elections in the us/uk . 
  ok , got it the kind of left-wing that takes massive donations from corperations but who are so much better than the old left because they can do it without it affecting them in the slightest . 
  / s also the kind of left-wing who can fuck up pensionists and low wage workers and still be re-elected . 
   yes , and so was an equal part of their original platform and narrative in the 1920-1930 . 
  sure , clinton tried to sell herself as left-wing aswell . 
   because given a long enough time , some ideas become de facto superior to others , and thus the political spectrum moves to address that . 
  islam is the fastest growing religion . 
  is it the superior faith ? 
  well , in that case i would have said ( danish ) netto in germany and not german netto but i see what you mean . 
   clinton is one of the most left-wing politicians in the us that would make the us right wing looney land .
