  if the cdu does it and the spd is in opposition , they always go after them . 
  one of the problems is that the cash always flows back while it really should stay in the south . 
   what would be a good way to solve a problem like this for other eu countries ? 
  abandoing the euro for instance but it would feel like chopping of your foot to save the rest of your body . 
  not a particularly pleasant solution . 
  another option could be fiscal union , get european countries to be closer , more like the american states ( but without reducing spending ) . 
  the problem with a fiscal union is that people do n't understand that money has to be spent on greece for instance . 
  you could imagine the hypothetical scenario of an eu dictator . 
  he would look to advance the eu in its entirety and make massive investments in the weakest parts . 
  but we are very far from doing something like that because there is no agreement . 
   oh , really ? 
  but its the german government that tries to dictate its policies on everyone else . 
  so really its not their responsibility . 
  its ours . 
  as has been said multiple times in the thread , it was france that pushed the hardest for the euro . 
  germany never excactly forced others to join this union . 
  the current situation also leads to problems in germany , our currency is much worse for saving than it should be , housing prices are inadequate , worker salaries get pushed down to oblivion because we import so much workforce from other countries ... etc. 
  we need to make our own interests our prime motivation . 
  if you say we need to send money to jordania because it 's our responsibility for isntance , you wo n't get it through . 
  if you say we have to do it , because it 's in our interest that people stay there and do n't `` flee '' to germany , it 's an entirely different discussion . 
  in politics we need to think pragmatic , not this responsibility bs . 
  - oh and in the long run the euro hurts everyone in europe . 
   how exactly would you reduce the popularlity of german cars abroad for example ? 
  well recently vw had some idea on how to do this i 've heard ... 
  yes , you 're right . 
  we do n't need the tooth and nails policies to press salaries that low but `` import more '' is no solution . 
  it 's simply not how that stuff works . 
  the other countries would have to import less which would increase their production . 
  but the eu prevents them from creating barriers for german export . 
  but it 's not really in our interest that they should have them ( maybe in the long run it is because if global economy has problems we will be hit too sooner or later ) . 
  a very tricky situation to solve in practise because it goes beyond our system of nation-state capitalism . 
   much of this surplus is from trade with countries outside of the eu though . 
  which strengthens the euro and in the process is to the detriment of the countries who need a weaker currency to be competitive in export . 
   it 's really not . 
  only in the 1st round is this happening . 
  macron still dominates the 2nd round against all opponents . 
  that 's excactly what he 's saying . 
  the most likely way for macron to lose is by not advancing to the 2nd round . 
  in the 2nd round he is very likely to beat anyone . 
   same as if it 's melenchon just with the right voting for him . 
  le pen voters also really like melenchon so that 's not a given . 
  it depends on which right-wingers you are talking about . 
  fillon voters will go to macron . 
  le pen voters will be split . 
   and he 's still the most popular in the 1st round if only just . 
  true . 
  right now it seems more likely that le pen would not reach round 2 . 
  macron has consistently been among the top 2 candidates in every single poll since fillon 's scandal i think . 
  well , luxembourg 's economy is in reality practically nonexistent . 
  they have half a million people , they are n't rich because they are particularly great at producing stuff . 
  they 're doing well because they 're a tax heaven . 
  what positions has he to change the eu then ? 
  if he has none his position is `` it 's just fine '' . 
   dude , germany tried to invade the whole europe a couple time last century . 
  being cautious about germany 's stance toward its neighbourg is expected . 
  ww ii is excactly why germany today is less nationalist than france , argumenting this way with germany 's past is an incredibly stupid and uninformed argument . 
  as for the mps : germany has 16 million more people and representation is already constructed to give smaller countries a more than representative share . 
  surely one could argue that the leadership structure of the eu should be changed but to simply crave more french mps is nothing short of power-hungry . 
  but because i ca n't understand french i have no idea what he actually said . 
  melenchon seems like the only one with a genuine vision for the future and who actually is serious about fixing the eu problems but statements like this make one hesistant . 
  could you perhaps give a direct translation of what he says ? 
  well , schultz is campaigning for it but i do n't know how believable that is . 
  well , it 's the `` necessary reforms '' that build the groundwork for what you describe in the second paragraph . 
   but if workers from , say , spain can just move to germany and work there , is any of this really a problem ? 
  is n't that the point of free movement in the eurozone ? 
  it 's a bit of a double-edged sword . 
  often foreigners we `` import '' get less pay ( there are various loopholes for companies to do that ) and/or they get to take jobs noone in germany wants to have . 
  the `` fachkr\u00e4ftemangel '' ( lack of trained labour ) is something big companies love to preach because then they can press salaries down but often it 's not really existent ( it does exist in some fields , in others there is a lot of fuss about nothing , in theory there are enough people but companies want that there are more obviously because competition reduces prices ) . 
  likewise i assume it 's probably not that great for spanish people to be forced to leave everything behind and go to a country where they ca n't even understand the language in search of a job ( surely some love their new home but that 's far from always the case ) . 
  spain is also a much bigger country than germany , bigger even than germany , austria and switzerland together . 
  preferable would be to have balance in the world and not push people around with constructed economic promises like that . 
  in the end the big companies are the real benefactors . 
  wherever there live people , there are also jobs , if there are no jobs it 's because of vast outside imports . 
  why not let spain produce their stuff themselves ? 
  right now spain pays young peoples education then they get no job and go to germany ( aka . 
  i think they could use their educated workers themselves , no ? 
  and on the other side young people in germany would gain more leverage against big companies because they ca n't press salaries as low anymore . 
  germany really is the king of keeping salaries as low as possible . 
  we always find a way . 
  that 's the secret behind low unemployment , a worker who makes about as much as hartz iv also counts as employed . 
  very good writeup . 
  this covered many of the essential points . 
  however convincing people is really difficult as countries always work to maximise their economic output . 
  the problem is that the eu gridlocks other countries so that they ca n't lock out german export . 
  ideally it would be up to them to fix it but they ca n't the way the eu is currently set up . 
  in that way it 's a vicious circle , germany wo n't fix it because they profit from it and the southern states ca n't . 
  the uk was benefitting quite a bit from the eu . 
  as they leave , they 'll likely have to pay the same without having any say . 
  do n't spain and italy have some of the highest youth unemployment in europe ? 
  short term the euro of course was a boost . 
  but what are consequenses long term ? 
   was the reunification really that costly ? 
  in western germany we 're still paying a bonus 5 % tax to rebuild their infrastructure . 
  and re-unification was before i was even born . 
  many east-german towns look a little like ghost towns . 
  they are very unattractive for young people . 
  the east is quite different , when i went there for the first time and got the the trainstation of strahlsund , i had never seen such an ugly city ever before ( maybe the trainstation is particularly bad , i do n't want to insult anyone who lives there ) . 
  likewise they have the lion share of extremism in germany ( left and right ) . 
  some of the bigger cities have attracted people for the low rents and some other places do really well because people go there for holiday ( mainly at the coast of the north-east ) but otherwise ... one positive thing i can say is that the east german part of berlin can be quite pleasant because it 's so lively as rents used to be rather low ( of course they are shooting up now though ) . 
  apart from that i think some eastern states do better than others ( th\u00fcringen for instance has the highest average on exam grades of all states in germany ) .
