  i dislike that we ( nato ) often get a free pass on this ( especially in south america but also in the middle east ) . 
  and in the end what we did in ukraine was also politics based on spheres of influence . 
  the one thing putin has going for him is that the crimeans might have possibly actually wanted to become part of russia ( the referndum looks shady but if they would have had a real referendum who knows what would have happened ? ) . 
  this is not to justify anything but in chile the americans basicly toppled a democratically elected government , simply because they disagreed with the politics ( allende was not allied with the sovjets or anything ) . 
  when america intervened somewhere it was just about always against the will of the people and left nothing but chaos behind and they still do it to this day ( and on a global scale on the other side of the world , while russia stays in the neighbour regions ) , trump attacked syria only a couple of days ago , he droped a huge bomb in afghanistan and he threathenes to attack north korea . 
  not that that the regimes are n't oppresive but we 're idiots if we think us morally superior as long as we follow these guys and you must have realized their constant war mongering - in that respect the americans are much worse than russians and we bite their bait if we buy into the propaganda . 
  i 'm sure you will somehow turn this again into me justifying putin 's actions but whatever ... 
  there is no question wheter there is `` a right to maintain a sphere of influence '' . 
  it exists , plain and simple . 
  obviously the feelings of russia should concern us because it 's a powerful country . 
  we do n't have to like it but we should n't step too much on their toes if not necessary ( but we should n't `` love putin '' either like trump ) . 
  and it does n't even require backwards thinking to realize the importance of crimea to russia . 
  it 's their port to the mediteranian sea , they have their flleet in the black see and without crimea they are completely cut off ...  maybe , if putin would rule his illiberal oligarchy a bit more on the sane side putin actually toned a bit down on the oligarchy aspects in comparison to that drunk guy the russians had in the 90 's . 
  it 's still insane how much of the russian wealth they have though . 
  sure , in international comparison merkel is really popular ( and hollande incredibly unpopular ) . 
  she 's no putin that regard ( his popularity is constructed by propaganda but russians really do love him ) but still really popular , probably because she 's usually rather moderate and swings with the general opinion sooner or later . 
  also hooray for the `` meh '' rating !, 
  we should have that in germany . 
  when did i justify it ? 
  crimea was part of russia and khrushchev gifted it to ukraine which was seen as unconstitutional back then . 
  i am not trying to apologize his actions , i do myself not agree with them , as i think i made clear . 
  i merely think people are gigantic fools for not understanding our part in it and the historic implications of the region . 
  forswearing it is such incredibly intellectually dishonest propaganda , it 's hard to take . 
   nah , the words are really harsh too in french . 
  i almost expected that but i could n't be sure . 
  ehr ... crimea has been a part of russia much longer than of ukraine . 
  in fact russia gifted it to ukraine in the sovjet days because then it was all the sovject union anyway . 
  surely it is to their interest what happens with that . 
  as i have already said : i do not support putin 's actions but if he wanted to maintain russian influence over crimea that was his only choice . 
  noone would have given him a referendum if he would have asked , even if it would have likely ended with crimea becomming russian . 
  yes , i know it but i only ever heard it from brits , thus i was wondering . 
  thaks for trying to help nontheless though . 
  great way to deflect . 
  i 'm quite convinced merkel does not hate russia if that 's what you 're curious about . 
  yes but in that case i do n't know if he gets what he hopes for . 
  but generally i 'm all in favor of waiting out elections before doing such big actions . 
  we moved kneedeep into russia 's sphere of influence and wanted to connect ukraine to the west . 
  negotiating closer ties with the eu is a very offensive act to russia . 
  i do not agree with putin 's actions but it was the only thing he could do to maintain russian influence there . 
  do you think that he would have gotten a referndum ( which btw might have very well ended with crimea moving to russia ) if he had asked for one ? 
  no fucking way . 
  try to read their argument for why he is anti german ... 
  yes , it 's an ambiguous relationship . 
  trump won , she wants to present herself as in the line of that phenomenon . 
  do you think she would talk about him if he lost ? 
  probably the sad reality ( and maybe it 's as bad with other car companies ) . 
  taking crimea was a defensive act ( surely noone here will belive me when i say this but a lot of intellectuals agree about tat ) . 
  maybe we would do better in not being too intrusive in former sovjet teritories , especially not the far eastern that have considerable russian populations . 
  russia is a former superpower deeply affected by the loss of its superpower status . 
  we should be happy putin is no megalomaniac like erdogan . 
  and generally we should be vary of provocation when it is not necessary . 
  crimea was a shitty move by putin but in that story we are assholes too . 
  if he would take estonia , that would be an entirely different story but i do n't see him doing that . 
  we need to work together with russia if we want lasting peace . 
  that does n't mean we have to behave like putin 's lapdogs and ca n't critize him when it 's necessary but right now we 're acting like spiteful childs who fell on the playground . 
  former sovjet states obviously hate russia but often their governments strike me as less sympathetic and less clever than putin . 
  of course we should not leave them alone against russia but we 're idiots if we move heavy military there . 
  yes , that 's the problem . 
  exporting much increases the value of your currency usually ( see usa for instance ) but germany does not have its own currency and the euro is controlled by the central bank which devalues the euro to make it easier for other eu countries to export . 
  germany is actually hurt by that because we ca n't save money ( investment rates are poor ) , housing prizes are inadequate ( creating a bubble ) and on top of that we have lots of bad jobs that barely pay anyones living if at all . 
  then it would again boil down to economics vs. social stuff . 
   omg 53 % . the horror : o if you consider that she was close to 80 , that 's quite bad . 
   meluche wants sanctions for poland and hungary and other countries that refuse refugee quotas . 
  so ... yeah.i 'm sure he 's super popular in germany . 
  is meluche some sort of slur for melenchon ? 
  i 'm sure he would be neither popular nor unpopular because most people have no clue who the fuck he is . 
  also i 'm in favor of refugee quotas but against merkel 's refugee politics . 
  refugees should be distributed across europe to have as few as possible live close together ( sure , if they 're families but major communities work against integration ) . 
  i do n't know if you could impose quotas like that though , i think poland/hungary would probably come out hating you bigtime . 
  i do n't know about others but from what i heard i agree more with melenchon on refugees than with merkel . 
  well , the west did breech kneedeep into former sovjet territory . 
  otherwise putin would have never anexed crimea . 
   who also do n't have much time for nationalism or protectionism from the left or right . 
  is that a british saying , `` to not have much time for something '' ? 
  her popularity took a big hit as of late : http://themarketmogul.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/11tmmchart14797303465832e4aab528d.png approval is still high but it got a lot more mixed since her decisions in autumn of 2015 . 
  the problem in germany is that there is barely an alternative . 
  a left alliance would likely be so fragile that even i would prefer to continue the dreadful grand coalition with merkel at the top . 
   because we think that germany is way less social than us . 
  ( could be true or not . 
  i tend to think it is . ), 
  definitely is true . 
  merkel is quite to the left though for her parties standards . 
  you should be glaid she 's not the guy they got to campaign against schr\u00f6der back in the day ( who then lost ) . 
  that 's purely financial . 
  i find it somewhat agreeable and i 'm a german . 
  what i do n't like are the words ( but they are a translation , maybe it 's not as bad in french ) . 
  great write-up . 
  you know , if that was possible i would tell you to wage that for yourself as i want nothing to do with it . 
  but sadly that 's not possible as i would be dragged into this war aswell . 
  yes , just yes !, 
  of course we could never see that we 're also the assholes in this situation . 
  what we did in ukrania directly provoked that shit from putin and now we play moral highground , yay !, 
  yes , surely a guy who actually speaks german himself hates us the most ... / s, 
   the left and right dichotomy has been outdated since the 70 's , maybe it 's time to move past that ? 
  that 's excactly what they are trying . 
  their left is soley economic protectionism , right is economic liberalism . 
  authoritarian vs. libertarian applies to social policy ( legalizing/banning weed , gay marriage , etc. ) . 
  reflation v austerity is interesting but it seems to mostly weigh macron up against melenchon . 
  le pen 's policy makes no sense in that regard , cut taxes but increase spending . 
  pro- / anti-globalisation means no sense because fillon 's and melenchon 's positions do n't establish a general narrative on that .
