   the fdp meanwhile would be opposed on principle . 
  well you could sway the fdp by the money that 's in green energy because realistically we will gain a shit ton of money if we 're at the forefront of green energy and other countries suddenly find out that they either run out of fossil fuel , or that their enviroment goes down the gutter . 
  i mean look at the chinese . 
  they do tons of fossil fuel but they 're at the forefront of green energy . 
  if it stays like that , europe will slowly turn it 's head to the east when china overtakes the us . 
  i do n't know if the fdp is receptive to reason though . 
  i never tried . 
  politically they are probably closer to the fdp than to the cdu but the image of the fdp is very bad so i do n't know about that . 
  as for being sane ... meh . 
  there are a lot of their politicians i do harshly dislike , i would probably prefer petry to them . 
  but they do have great politicians aswell ( i think one of my 2 favorite politicians in germany would probably be from the greens ) but at times it seems like they are the rarity . 
   without that , without government participation , your political positions do n't really matter not true . 
  try to look at the agenda politics . 
  why do you think the cdu could never pass something like that ? 
  politically they would shoot themselves in the knee and probably drop out of the parliament next time but the greens are the # 1 party when it comes to shooting oneself in the knee like that and we all know what happened last time they were in government ... 
  liberalism basicly ( but not the american liberalism ) and recently they have been rather conservative ( but they 're also trying to change their imagine because they did poorly in the last election ) . 
  they want a small state . 
  mostly they 're understood as the party for rich people . 
  they are quite conservative for a liberal party . 
  translation for outsiders : it 's only good if the afd does not get into the bundestag now because in relation to the people that will take over now miss petry was a moderate . 
  meh , my understanding is that we 're somewhat to the left of you . 
  labour i think would traditionally rather match with spd . 
   aside from the fact he is a socialist the spd dropped that probably before my mother was born ... 
  he 's the exception . 
  usually our politicians rather make up some fake education than admitting they have little . 
  i 've only ever heard it brought up in favor of him . 
  that he 's an ex-alcoholic is also used as a positive . 
  comedy gold, 
   plus that whole rrg thing seems scary . 
  it would n't work because if at all , they would barely get the numbers neccessary and that would be too instable to work in practise . 
  i do n't see whats so particularly scary about it though . 
   half of that party consists of populist who will say anything to get elected bullshit , the biggest populist in germany is merkel herself who sways 100 % with public opinion . 
  linke is perhaps the most principled party . 
  they are very far removed from the sed aswell . 
  that 's mainly a belief that old people hold from my experience . 
  nah , we germans laugh at the fdp too . 
  maybe it 's intentional on their side to show the french what kind of party they are very fast . 
  do i smell a reference ? 
   btw i wanted to ask a question . 
  if german 's punished spd for going right wing with agenda 2010 , why did they punish by voting even more right wing party ? 
  well , the spd 's agendapolitics was more or less the reason a new party to the left of the spd was formed ( die linke/the left ) . 
  perhaps the biggest guy behind the formation of that party was actually oskar lafontaine who was a former spd candidate for chancellor in the 90 's ( and also their party leader for some time ) and then later he was schr\u00f6der 's minister of finance ( which is often seen as the most important ministy ) but he resigned precisely because of the agenda . 
  the left usually gets somehwere around 10 % . 
  as another comentator has said : spd people are one of the least likely groups to vote afd , the afd rather eats cdu votes ( but also many non-voters ) . 
  if the question was about why they vote cdu that 's because cdu and spd have become almost indistinguishable and in some cases the spd had a better chance to pass right wing policy because noone ( few ) goes after them , while they would go after the cdu if they did it . 
  people are way too self important about this . 
  the only country where gay people are more accepted than in germany is spain : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/societal_attitudes_toward_homosexuality#/media/file:societal_attitudes_towards_homosexuality_2013.svg wheter we have gay marriage or not is a detail as long as gay people are better off than in the us where it 's actually allowed in some places . 
  homosexuality has always been more of an american concern and so has racism and womens rights and identity politics in general and that 's because they actually have more racists , misognysts and homophobes . 
  yes , the thing is : our conservative party often seems to the left of the democrats in the us because they eat most of the other parties popular programmes even if it 's not particularly conservative . 
  well , it shows that she does have values . 
  if she was only guided by science she would basicly be like this when it came to gay marriage : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=usschoqttyq, 
  yes but sh\u00e4uble is # 2 ... 
  nah , she is actually significantly to the right of le pen . 
  the npd would be closer to le pen . 
  probably worth . 
  i mean if you job is to put flags beside le pen how good was that job anyway ? 
  where is the facepalm button here ? 
  i think i found it but it looks sinister and much too opitmistic and also way too much like a pirate : http://www.telegraaf.nl/buitenland/article22645494.ece/alternates/sectionimage1500x1500/erdogan+facepalm, 
  holy crap , the z\u00fcrich picture made me realize switzerland got to keep ( more of ) their age old germanian architecture for keeping out of war . 
  i totally need to go there . 
  oh , i see that one could take it that way now . 
  that was definitely not what i meant . 
  i think total tax rate in norway and sweden is still higher , your gdp per capita is higher aswell though , which means that in the end the government probably has more money ( relative to citizens ) than in france . 
  i might have slightly underestimated the french tax rate though but they are some of the most leftist people in the world . 
  i would like to know how it boils down tax rate to one number though . 
  their vat is lower than in all 3 scandinavian countries , so is their max income tax ( and minimum is 0 ) which is actually also lower than in germany . 
  their corporate tax is rather high but i do n't know if it 's that . 
  the world bank also has other numbers : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/gc.tax.totl.gd.zs?locations=fr-dk-se-no, 
  i 'm not saying they were n't . 
  i 'm partly a dane myself , i 've been there lots of times and i also have family there . 
  i was only saying that taxes are very high for their system to work ( which is why before holidays danes often flood the streets here - not because they could n't afford it in denmark but because they save quite a bit of money by buying here ) . 
  macron actually wants to lower taxes and france already has considerably lower taxes than denmark now . 
  i just do n't like when papers shittalk about that . 
  macron does not stand for a nordic model . 
  thanks a lot for the effort !, 
  the ultimatum thing sounds weird , especially as germany does not controll the ecb . 
  he definitely implies germany has a lot of power , probably more than it actually has . 
  the 2nd one i do n't think is xenophobic but it sounds sort of redundant/silly . 
  it means less than melenchon thought it does when he wrote it . 
  sound a little like prattle . 
  i actually think he has a major point in the 3rd one . 
  i thought about this myself on various occasions . 
  we are starting to be totally uprooted from ww ii and in a way ww ii was an experience that showed people something very valuable . 
  we do n't have that anymore . 
  you have to be like 75 and beyond to have some concious memory of the time . 
  the war generation build the eu based on that awful memory . 
  today we shoot it to shreds because we have no idea about the consequenses/alternative . 
  and you can see this in angela merkel , she does not care about europe the way previous chancellors did . 
  she cares much more about the usa , europe just exists and maybe she likewise takes it a bit for granted . 
  the not appeased part sounds vague . 
  i guess you could say it but i 'm not aware of any major incidents . 
  the csu does perhaps fall in that camp . 
  one of their top politicians said that loyality to 2 states is impossible and i live in the border region with denmark and am basicly partly a dane ( and i speak it fluently and grew up with danish culture and everything ) . 
  so that was somewhat insulting . 
  but minority stuff at the german/danish border is actually some of the best working in the world , it 's just that politicians in copenhagen or munich are extremely detached from that and have no sense at all for the worth of it . 
  my bad , maybe i switched something around there . 
  i do n't think you understand me . 
  i did not say they were in the right , i merely explained that putin 's motivations are quite obvious . 
  we act in much the same way if we feel threathened . 
  what america did in the 1973 chilean coup d'\u00e9tat was much worse for instance or vietnam .
