  yes , excactly that 's why people vote for anti-establishment parties . 
  / s i agree that there are no progressive visions for the future but people do n't vote for anti-establishment parties for fun . 
  we have very evidently not got everything we want ( for instance we have no plan for the future ) , the middle class is unraveling , lots of people are very dissatisfied and not only in a 1st world problem kind of manner , they ( rightfully ) fear for their future . 
  le pen not elected = times are changing ok , got it . 
  seriously , right now she is on track to get less than the fn got in the eu elections from 2014 . 
  her poll numbers have been in a downward spiral for about a month now . 
  i know there is less participation in eu elections but i do n't see your argument . 
  the fn has been strong for quite a while in france already ; if le pen gets the numbers she is on track to get , it 'll show nothing . 
   this is why the french election system is flawed tbh . 
  if it ends up being melenchon vs le pen then the election will end with 80 % of people being very dissatisfied . 
  now that 's a number you pulled out of your ass . 
  more than 20 % could live with le pen or melenchon . 
  le pen has consistently had more than 20 % in polls and still about 40 % would vote for her if she 's up against macron . 
  melenchon vs. macron is still in favor of macron but closer . 
  the closest poll ( also with the largest sample size ) has them at 47/53 . 
  of course there are also spoilt votes and stuff but i think any candidate ( of the 4 who have a shot ) would get more than 40 % who are sort of ok with him/her ( in the broadest sense ) . 
  voter abstention is slightly lower in melenchon vs. 
  le pen than in melenchon vs. macron btw . 
  generally the most dissatisfying matchup would be le pen vs. fillion , then abstention numbers get close to 40 in polls , second most abstained seems to be macron vs. filion with slightly over 30 , then melenchon vs. macron . 
  melenchon vs. 
  le pen has the 2nd lowest abstention numbers ( only after macron vs. 
  le pen ) . 
  i do n't think abstention would be as high in the election but the numbers show that people want a choice , where the candidates diverge in their position , in that case they are more likely to actually vote for someone ( which i think suggests they `` could live '' with the candidate they vote for even if they might have considerable reservations ) . 
  melenchon is n't as far left as people make him out to be , le pen is n't as far right ( especially not with someone like fillion in the race ) . 
  furthermore macron 's approval is not remotely as high as you make it out to be and enough people reject his right-wing economic plan to make him vs. filion the 2nd least liked matchup ( by a slim margin but still ) . 
  source : the polls ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017 ), 
   i like macron and all , but i think him elected would just push the problem back 5 years . 
  if he 's anything like hollande ( not unlikely given that he served in hollande 's government and was part of the same party wing ) , it will not just push problems back 5 years but it will increase them . 
   with the referendum in turkey going thru , i think it 's pretty likely le pen will win . 
  especially if erdogan does something stupid brexit , erdogan ( for sultan ) , trump = very close elections . 
  le pen against literally anyone = 20 % behind in polls ( in 2nd round ) . 
  noone has yet explained to me which magic trick le pen has in her sleeves . 
  i think the wording you are looking for is `` alternative grammar '' . 
  nah , you have people for the nitty-gritty . 
  being president is a whooooole lot of talking and winning people over . 
  now that you say it , i 've heard it before but i think those were americans . 
  maybe they got the name when they emigrated to america . 
  i do n't know if we have it in germany . 
  i 've never heard it here at least but it could very well be . 
  though i think that one design for all coins is boring , i find that the harp is a rather nice way to go if you only get one design, 
   all of the first coins minted in denmark we did with the english king on them , untill , iirc , svend fork-beard wanted funnily enough svend was also king of england . 
  agreed . 
  yeah , i like all of your coins aswell and i thought about mentioning one of them ( either the swans or the crazy lion ) . 
  i have a few of your old coins aswell . 
  in germany we have `` deutschmann '' ( which translates to `` german man '' ) . 
  core of europe would mean the highest level or european integration . 
  while other countries also in the eu could chose not to be part of certain cooperations ( like the euro for instance ) . 
  not much really , only when comparring historical figures of money ( like : that thing used to cost x mark ) . 
  the rule of thumb is 1 euro = 2 mark ( although i doubt it 's entirely accurate ) . 
  le pen is definitely to the left of trump . 
  she wants to maintain the 35 hour work week , to cut taxes for the poor and to not privatize . 
  le pen somewhat alligns with trump in her populist rhetoric and her stance on immigration but a 1:1 comparisson does n't work . 
  the macron/clinton comparrison is very spotty . 
  clinton actually wanted to increase taxes , macron wants to cut them . 
  if you want to compare him to hillary clinton , he is hillary clinton with a lot of libertarianism but also still more to the left because france is generally way to the left of the us . 
  `` i have the best words , trust me '' ... 
  considering that the nazis did not have atomic weapons , i think he is 100 % spot on . 
  the president practically has the ability to launch a preemptive nuclear strike whenever he pleases as he himself employs the secretary of defense and the republicans love the military and war . 
  danger is not the equivalent of damage btw , it expresses potentital damage and the us has by far the most expensive military complex of all time . 
   i think germans care more about continuity and stability in politics , while most of french are ready to break the status quo to create a new idealistic system well , certainly after the third reich but beforehand i 'm not so sure . 
  1848 , 1871 & 1968 are all also important in german history ( we had a similar revolution in 1848 & 1968 and 1871 was more revolutionary for germany than for france - because before germany did n't even exist ) . 
  and the reformation for instance came from germany ( and that 's certainly one of the biggest revolutions ever ) . 
  likewise communism actually is a german export and on the 9th of november 1918 during the novemberrevolution , liebknecht even announced the `` socialist german republic '' on the same day that scheidemann announced the `` german republic '' . 
  the socialists ended up losing but germany as a socialist republic would not have been unthinkable . 
  it 's not like any of your revolutions were really succesful . 
  oh , i did n't know jussi adler-olsen was that famous . 
  i know that he 's the most famous crime fiction writer in denmark but i did not expect that it would reach much beyond scandinavia . 
  you 're right , i completely forgot about blixen . 
  i 've actually read something by her ( and i 've also seen out of africa for that matter ) ... and to be fair , i said close to no internationally well known books . 
  i knew that there are a few which are not written by andersen aswell but i did n't want to list them all ( it would be a little sad to do because it really is a list that exhausts pretty fast ) . 
  now that i think about it , kirkegaard is also relatively famous around the world and then of course fr\u00f8ken smilas fornemmelse for snee but somehow i often think that it 's from sweden or norway ( maybe because they have more snow - unless you get at me with greenland of course ) . 
  thanks for the write-up . 
  i actually do n't think it 's a bad plan . 
  i think the eu should be heavily decentralized but that it still need the political power to act on a global scale , melenchon 's plan advances the former but does little to improve the later . 
  however it 's not like the eu has massive global power right now either . 
  i 'm a little sceptical on his position on the eu regulations , many of them obviously are n't particularly well handled but i think in theory equal standards are a good idea , as long as it 's a compromise on a high level . 
  but he could be against the regulations and still be in favor of similar standards i guess , it would be nice to have examples on which regulations he is against . 
  i 'm very much in favor of some points ( `` leveling labour and tax codes across the eu to avoid abuses '' for instance ) and mixed on some others ( generally the things that seem to go against similar standards but i think in those cases the devil is in the details ) . 
  right wing = economic liberalism 2 . 
  `` anarcho-capitalism is a political philosophy that advocates the ** elimination of the state ** '', 
  yes but france has a stable economy . 
  with the current situation in greece everything could happen and spain has mass youth unemployment and high unemployment in general . 
  so i think a shift like that seems relatively likely aswell but in france there a fewer factors which would enhance something like that . 
  perhaps the high percentage of immigrants ( from the colonies ) creates a lot of tension ... 
  i do n't know . 
  from my experience people believe that african countries are more similar than western countries . 
  yes , this seems like a likely explanation i think . 
  do you think the rest of hamon voters ( or more than in current polls ) would regroup behind melenchon ? 
  because by now hamon seems like he has no chance at all . 
   there has never been a socialist wing in a party funded by a society of over-the-top-rightwing-blood-worshippers https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_of_the_long_knives, 
  does melenchon have an actual party or is it the same as with macron ? 
  yes , this is excactly what i 'm curious about aswell . 
  i gathered the general situation with hollande being extremely unpopular and the different wings in the parties but i 'm curious if you would know how melenchon completely bypassed hamon . 
  last time i checked they were pretty even and directly after the primary it even seemed as though hamon had a decent chance . 
   this leads to a far right leader ( fillon ) for the moderate right party he ca n't be involved in a scandal like that and be far right in a moderate right party and still get 19 % of the votes . 
  i think he must at least be reasonably close to the line of his party . 
   `` announced '' far right ( le pen ) . 
  anti-migrants . 
  anti-euro . 
  did le pen say of herself that she is far right ?
