  if the referendum ends up in favor of russia , i 'm totally fine with that but a legitimate referendum is important for stability and peace . 
   there are several agressive neighbours and globabl threats to worry about , while most of the eu is effectively disarmed , barely able to maintain and operate tiny expeditionary forces , let alone wage a defensive war or any other large-scale operation . 
  yeah , when you exclude the fact , that the eu has the 2nd highest military budget in the world and is more or less allied with the country that has the highest budget ( us ) . 
   merely `` outspending '' a potential enemy is not enough , especially if some of those `` potential enemies '' cook the books to mask their actual spending , or get cheaper military production due to a more centralised state and less concern with citizens ' welfare . 
  which does not at all make up for the difference between the overall budget of nato countries compared to any other country . 
   of these , only the usa has a reliably functional military . 
  by your example , we should be aiming at the usa 's ~ 3.3 % of gdp spending instead of merely ~ 2 % which example ? 
   i agree that the 2 % figure is an arbitrary number , and that in itself it 's essentially meaningless . 
  i think the whole thing has been a bit of a mistake and that they probably could have found better ways of maximising nato defence capabilities . 
  however , germany is utterly taking the piss by spending only about 1.2 % of their gdp on defence , as are the other countries that do the same . 
  germany is widely regarded to be less powerful militarily than both france and the uk , despite having a considerably larger population and economy than either , which to me shows that it should be doing more . 
  why does germany have to spend more than and not the others less ? 
  which kind of enemy are you preparing against ? 
  aliens ? 
  nato already by far outspends any potential enemy . 
  i think france , usa and britain have a much too high military budget . 
  maybe that 's why they suddenly get the idea they should attack iraq and libya . 
  shut up and take my upvotes !, 
  if our government would do that i hope the population would hunt them out of office . 
  when i asked that question in the german sub noone answer me and i got downvoted instead . 
  anyway , i think the only option would be if russia would elect a new leader who allows a free referendum ( which is really unlikely but alas the only possibility ) . 
  but that would take a long time and currently i fear that russia 's post-putin leader will be much , much worse than putin . 
   also , the left and the greens and the spd are far away in many programmatic points it depends on who you ask . 
  there are no big barriers between the left faction of the spd , the left faction of the greens and the reform faction of linke and all of these factions are quite large but in the spd the left faction is n't part of the leadership and the greens are also currently dominated by their right-wing faction . 
  linke i think is relatively evenly split between more hardliner and moderate positions . 
  their 2 candidates , wagenknecht & bartsch , both represent one of the factions at least . 
  they do work together on the state level and they could on a federal level aswell . 
  i think what 's holding them back is mainly fear of a pr backlash and the spd and greens leadership currently being very much to the right by historical standards ( hell , in the 90 's lafontaine was the leader and candidate for chancellor of the spd ) . 
  though i assume that could change after the election . 
  it would be interesting if the spd would allow their members to elect the new leader . 
  the afd is not a succesor to the nsdap . 
  the npd is much , much closer but even they are no direct succesor . 
  almost the entire sed leadership was removed and the party was reformed into the pds ( party of democratic socialism ) and later in 2005 they made a union with the the wasg , a left-leaning west-german party . 
  today they are much more similar to a pre-schr\u00f6der spd than to the sed . 
  linke does really well in the east though , among the people who actually lived through the sed rule , i assume because these people prefer the past gdr to the current situation . 
  i guess you could compare them to the democrats in the usa and their history of being the pro-slavery party , yet also the party with the first black president and the mammut share of the black vote today . 
  the left was the only party that voted against netzdg ( which is more or less a censorship law ) for instance and i believe staatstrojaner too ( which allows the government to install a virus on your phone to spy on you ) . 
  if you 're against a surveilance state , linke ( and fdp ) are actually your best bet . 
  because the spd is doing really poorly and because the left is n't doing extremely well either ( i 'm not implying that the greens are currently leftwing with that kind of leadership but they do attract left-leaning people ) . 
  in the end the people got to vote for someone . 
  also some of the greens on the state level do a good job ( this very much varies state by state though ) , i would assume people are influenced by that aswell . 
  i did consider to vote for them in state-elections because i rather like the greens in schleswig-holstein but on the federal level , there 's no way currently . 
  i tried to explain that in this comment : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6s00w9/german_election_poll_cdu_38_spd_23_the_left_10/dl906m2/, 
  he was n't able to follow up on the hype . 
  that 's not certain yet . 
  the set number we have is 598 ( and you 'd need to have a simple majority coalition to win : 300 ) . 
  however due to regional representation we tend to have \u00dcberhangs - und ausgleichsmandate which basicly assures that everyone who won a regional seat gets just that seat , while also keeping the overall vote balance fair ( the smaller parties , safe for the left in the east , are not very likely to win particularly many regional seats but they will still get an overall number of seats that is adequate to the percent of the overall vote they got ) . 
  currently we have 631 seats . 
  yes , i used their english name because i thought it would be more accesible for non-germans . 
  the election is scheduled for the 24th of september ( in about 1,5 months ) . 
  public debate is relatively restrained yet . 
  like [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d2/jacques-louis_david_007.jpg ) the horse is not optional . 
   really ? 
  i read it more as a few polish right wing national parliamentarians want reparations well , someone gave pis the full majority ... 
  from my experience greeks tend to be relatively positive towards germans , they just do n't like our government which is a thing they could bond over with maybe half of the german population . 
  holy shit , no , i do n't want to be governed from copenhagen . 
  in that case i 'd rather we secede and make a new country with jutland . 
  in that case we demand reparations for the polish wars on the holy roman empire from 1002-1018 . 
  deadline is next year . 
  that would have been my guess . 
  hillarious guy . 
  what the hell is `` penisstorlekar '' ? 
  and do i really want to know ? 
  they have made regulations on their beloved dolls . 
  while melenchon is in the tradition of mitterrand , stuff like the 90 % top tax rate are nowhere to be found in that programme . 
  melenchon is definitely closer to mitterrand than the socialists today but directly comparing them does n't work . 
   there 's a reason why wikipedia clearly explains that the term has come to `` pejoratively refer to '' political support for laissez-faire economics , rather than defining it as such . 
  you mean like they do in the opening line : `` neoliberalism ( neo-liberalism ) [ 1 ] refers primarily to the 20th-century resurgence of 19th-century ideas associated with laissez-faire economic liberalism '' ? 
  the part you cited does not agree with you because it is followed up by the part i cited which disagrees with you . 
  maybe you should read the article a little more thoroughly . 
  if you know much more than us you should correct the wikipedia article because it disagrees with you in the first few sentences already : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoliberalism, 
   now a light keynesian socdem like m\u00e9lenchon is depicted in this very thread like `` super extra far left '' he is definitely often unfairly depicted to be some kind of an evil communist mastermind ( like when people always assumed he explicitly wants negotiations to fail ) but a `` light keynesian socdem '' he is not . 
   hitler was a socialist-lite socialist lite is a very bad description . 
  hitler 's ideology was rather a nationalist subversion of socialism . 
  actual socialism has a strong empathis on internationalism which is just one of the reasons why socialist-lite is a poor discription . 
   some call him the first keynesian again the nazis were a subversion of keynes . 
  their spending was n't sustainable and it was n't meant to be . 
  the plan was never to be thrifty as soon as the economy was in a good shape but rather to conquer new lands to fill the holes in the treasury . 
  hitler ordered the actual socialist leadership in his party murdered in the night of long knives in 1934 . 
  the remaining leadership tended to be increasingly decadent ( goering is a prime example of this ) . 
  along with the socialist leadership , the socialist promises were also eradicated . 
  instead of nationalising buisnesses , hitler simply made deals with the buisness owners . 
  yes , the entire spectrum is bullshit because people ca n't agree on what the definitive metrics are . 
  if we go with a somewhat marx-inspired definition ( which has nothing to do with being left or right but which has a major influence on our typical understanding of left and right ) , the economics are the definitive metric . 
  in that case nazis would probably be center right , while most conservative parties today would be to the right of them ( the british conservatives most certainly ) . 
  however usually the common understanding seems to be to start with the marx-inspired definition and then to shift it according to some vague social perceptions of what is left and what is right . 
  for instance racism , violence and law and order will usually land you in the right despite advancing a very powerful state . 
  while usually identity politics , feel-good talk and enviromentalism will land you in the left . 
  this does n't further a debate though because the right will claim that the left is violent and the left will claim that the right does feel good talk - and they would n't be wrong . 
  consistent ideology is very rare in the first place , these definitions do n't make much sense because there is no real consensus about which metrics are how important and many of those we commonly use are double edged swords . 
   socialism/communism is far left this grouping does n't even make sense because socialism covers such a broad spectrum , while communism is rather clearly outlined . 
  sanders is most certainly not far left by french standards for instance and he called himself a socialist . 
   not a single sane person would have expected something else are you referring to the french being dissatisfied with macron or to what he did so far ? 
  i think it 's simplicity . 
  i live in the north of germany which is also considered the happiest part and there 's really not a lot going on here , people are n't even perceived as being all that nice ( going by the stereotaypes that is ) but i would assume expectations are simply lower and there 's a reasonable amount of nature right outside ones doorstep , almost regardless of where you live . 
  there 's also more of a sense of community if everything is smaller . 
  big countries tend to be less happy than small countries . 
   france or sweden for example are far far higher . 
  the french are actually the # 1 baby makers in the eu despite being overtly cynical . 
  they 're also outperforming south korea in life expectansy .
