   traditional left wing values : equality ( so mariage for all is here ) it 's not a matter of equality , it 's a matter of liberty . 
  we had a gay vice-chancellor from our most right-wing party , the fdp ( and yes , they were pro-gay marriage ) . 
  now we ( very oddly ) also have a lesbian candidate from another right-wing party ( the afd ) but her party is n't too firm on homosexuals ( saying they 're against gay-marriage is an understatement ) . 
  the key difference between the 2 parties is that one is a libertarian party , while the other is a nationalist/conservative party . 
  both are far to the right but on most graphs the libertarians are further to the right . 
  i have no clue how the hell they elected a lesbian candidate for chancellor though . 
   the guy who made the chart wanted to convince readers le pen is a moderate and macron is the extremist to normalize her policies and make her appear a raisonable choice . 
  he wants to convince people that le pen is a moderate ? 
  if that was his goal he failed pretty badly when he called her a national-socialist and basicly put her in the dictator field of the chart . 
  [ he more or less literally compares her to hitler ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/images/axeswithnames.gif ) . 
   left and right wings are more than economic positions . 
  not on the political compass . 
   harder jail sentences ( she has the classic tough on crime right wing approach ) , blocking immigration , stance on lgbtq + rights ( no more gay mariage with the fn ) , stance on marijuana use , alliance with a far-right ploutocratic state in russia , anto-abortion ... this is what the center looks like to you ? 
  she 's textbook french populist extreme-right as we call it . 
  none of this is neceasrily right wing . 
  what does abortion have to do with being left-wing ? 
  what do lgbt-rights have to do with it ? 
  what does marijuana have to do with it ? 
  the other 3 would go through on most definitions but not all . 
  i 'm for more restrictive imigration polcies from a left-wing standpoint aswell . 
  it 's not really a left-right issue in and by itself , especially not if you want any practical sollutions . 
   politics can not be reduced to dumb charts , it 's better to actually read the programs from their site and various news outlets of different political orientation and make an idea for yourself . 
  lib\u00e9ration is classic left and le figaro is classic right . 
  le point is right , sometimes center . 
  i know what their policies are . 
  i think macron 's sound not too shabby on paper but i worry about his practical implication of it because i do n't think it will work out like he plans it ( he 'll save way less money than his plan foresees ) and i also do n't necesarilly trust him . 
  le pen 's policies are bullshit and it 's hard to find a person i 'd trust less . 
  still i would agree with how the graph places them . 
   maybe i should stop visiting this sub the time it gets a bit more rational . 
  that 's also a fallacy . 
  if the rational leave the debate they 're not making it more rational . 
  even if it means plucking through tons of stupidity you have to stay commited if you care about something because doing nothing always leads the other side to a win . 
  this is basicly the mistake academic philosophy is making , disengaging from everyday life . 
  note : this is a general comment . 
  i do not mean to insult anyone or to be overly specific . 
  immigration right now is more of a momentary crisis . 
  it will be a real problem if 20 million or so people start to come from africa and we 're not prepared . 
  the real problem of the eu is that financially it 's a clusterfuck . 
  we do have a lot of gain from it but in the long run the euro does not work with such diverse economies without closer cooperation ( i.e. 
  money from rich regions being redistributed and used in the poorer regions ) . 
  economically this is logical within the confines of a nation and that 's what all nations are doing , strengthening the weakest regions ( akin to the metaphor with the chain and the weakest link ) . 
  but europe-wide we do not have enough solidarity for something like this which is why youth-unemployment is major-league in the south . 
  then there are all the tax havens , the different worker 's rights and the complete lack of connection of the average eu citizen to the government . 
  and distrust in the eu is only growing . 
  maybe the crisis of confidence speech from jimmy carter does apply to our current situation . 
   pro-eu pro-eu on paper but has he offered any solutions to the problems of the eu ? 
  i agree with everything you said about the eu ( it 's basicly an excact reflection of my stance actually , could n't get much closer , if the eu breaks , we have no chance to deal with those global problems and we 'd be the toy of china and the us ) but i do n't see what macron does to make us keep the eu . 
  the problems need to actually be fixed or the eu will break regardless of if the french president says he loves it or not . 
  i would very likely vote macron still if i had the chance but i would fear what is to come . 
  where are they wrong ? 
  i 'm unsure what they mean by libertarian in the us sense . 
  if they mean he is comparable to the libertarian party , they 're probably wrong ( because french politics is generally way to the left of american politics ) . 
  if they merely mean he is a libertarian ( which is more of a us word ) compared to the political landscape in france , i think they 're right . 
  yeah , i misread slightly . 
  macron is too far to the right , yeah , but the general allignment fits . 
   then why is every government , pollster , and media group calling him a centrist ? 
  because that means nothing . 
  left and right and center mean something else everywhere and to everyone and if you want , you can call everyone everything if you only apply the suiting definition of left and right because they 've meant so many different things over the years ( or rather have been used in so many different ways ) . 
  in france macron is definitely a right wing candidate . 
  in the usa people would probably consider him left-wing . 
  in croatia i have no idea . 
  the articles that call him center are probably american or british . 
  their policits are generally more to the right than in france . 
  i think a majority would consider macron center in the uk ( maybe actually left considering the current situation there ) . 
  from a german perspective he mirrors schr\u00f6der , the guy that made the entire nation question wheter the spd is a left-wing party . 
  apart from that there is also the distinction between social stuff and economics . 
  many people consider gay rights , abortions and stuff a left-wing position but historically that 's bullshit . 
  you might even call it leftwing propaganda ( or neo-liberal propaganda maybe ) . 
  it 's a trick to label right wing a mock-work , not a word that would describe anything anymore . 
  and thus every politician has to be left-wing or center . 
  otherwise you 're the big boo-man . 
  i must add : i say this definitely being to the left by almost all definitons but there are some parts of the apparent `` left '' i really hate . 
  i like your comment , especially the part where you just blatantly started it with `` honestly , fuck you '' -  ( \u256f \u00b0 \u25a1 \u00b0 ) \u256f \u253b \u253b, 
  if you believe that 5 years macron will higher le pen 's chances to win in the next election , you 're actually enabling fascism by endorsing him . 
  now you may say that this is wrong , however in that case you should still respect when someone acts in accordance to his beliefs . 
  le pen will almost definitely lose this and melenchon 's influence by endorsing is minimal . 
  let 's be real please . 
  he has very clearly spoken up against le pen in debates . 
  everyone should know what he thinks of her . 
  do n't get why you get downvotes . 
  this shows relatively well why they have major disagreements with macron . 
  they basicly want the opposite of his economic policy . 
  with his social stuff they are fine . 
  they are from the graph . 
  you 're right , it 's actually pretty close to 2 % . 
  i adressed your other point in another post . 
  yeah , that 's what i thought aswell but it 's the same up there in the graph . 
  actually a negative deficit should mean a surplus but i thought i 'd roll along with the graph to not cause confusion . 
  lol , yeah , just try to imagine something like r/policymemes, 
  no , -3 % deficit and about 135 % debt ( both % of gdp ) . 
  oh ok , now i see it ... 
   around 40 % of french voters voted for a populist candidate more like 2/3 , macron is a populist , too . 
  one thing to consider though is that cloured people are disproportionally represented amongst the poor and they decisively preferred clinton . 
  among white poor people trump may have actually outperformed clinton . 
  depends on your country . 
  also the education itself might be free but you 'll still have to pay for the price of living and you likely wo n't have a well paying job besides studies . 
  if you have a job already you would likely have to quit that and work in a worse job while studying . 
  i like how they have `` allied-held areas '' up there in that box but never use it . 
  fair enough . 
  i was n't 100 % sure if america really led this ( i would merely have expected it given your history ) .
