  germany introduced compulsory military conscription and rebuild its armed forces in 1935 , annexed the rhineland in 1936 and anschluss 'd austria in 1938 . 
  everything about that was against versaille article v. that 's the point . 
  not doing anything did effectively mean loosening up . 
  if the other states would have still had the same sentiments like in 1919 , they would have attacked . 
   if versaille was so bad , how could germany then start ww2 ? 
  because the other states loosened up ? 
  versailly prohobited germany from having an army larger than 100.000 . 
  if that demand was kept , germany would have been defeated within a year . 
  well , some of them are terrorists but i think that 's aknowledged . 
  - from wiki left-wing terrorism usually targets property and not people , that 's true . 
  germany was bombed to absolute shit in ww2 , far worse than what versaille could have ever done , and yet it does neither seek revenge nor does the population wish back the third reich it almost feels like you are purposefully omitting the marshal plan ... last time i spoke to an older german he was still mad about churchills bombings and he was by all means a peaceful and nice guy . 
   all that `` versaille was so bad '' was just nazi propaganda to lay the blame onto other countries and deflect from own mistakes . 
  then all the relaxations on versaille that followed were not because it was seen as too strict but because the other countries bought into nazi propaganda ? 
  do you have any evidence to back up that statement ? 
  sure , but you seemd to imply that they get off scot-free which i do n't really see . 
   but lacked stability and leadership to pull it off yeah , that 's sort of my point . 
  i agree with you . 
  yeah but why are they fine ? 
   whatever shit happened to russia , it was definitely worth for what they did to those countries . 
  remember versailles ... 
  many of the countries that became free are n't excactly doing well either . 
   we let them do whatever they wanted and what we have now ? 
  who are `` they '' ? 
   hate speeches , trolling , fake news , gas-lighting , personal attack everywhere all of which existed before the internet  we thought this aweful things are limited online , however pegida , brexit and trump have happend and they would not have been possible without internet ? 
  americans already elected reagan twice in an age where the internet was a non-factor , they elected bush while it was in its infancy , they made george wallace the 3rd most succesful independent candidate ever ( by electoral votes ) , running on what could n't be described otherwise than `` the racist ticket '' ( we 're talking resegregation , not a half assed 90 day travel ban ) . 
  britians have likewise always been rather skeptical of the eu . 
  you know that we had this minor thing called the third reich without internet , right ? 
  and besides that : let them protest as long as they 're peaceful . 
  the thing that internet really does is fascilitate discussion ( and that 's what certain elites are frightened about : they lose their opinion-monopoly ) . 
  people held all of those opinions before , just now they can discuss them , they can see that others hold them and others can see them aswell . 
  and that 's really what we 're scarred about . 
  we 're acting like we 're the bastion of liberty . 
  but we 're not . 
  clinton was a horrible candidate , the eu has very real problems and so has islam . 
  would clinton have been a better choice ? 
  probably . 
  was brexit a bad choice for the uk ? 
  probably . 
  is pegida full of simpletons ? 
  probably . 
  but still if you want to undermine it , i 'm your enemy . 
  i want all of this to be actually discussed and if we use way overblown fear of `` fake news '' and `` hate speech '' ( both of which has always existed ) to introduce state censorship i might aswell be an enemy of the state . 
  with brexit in front of the door , it seems for once that the eu is actually doing process and that a discussion about problems is furthered , with trump there is the possibility that the democrats will have a decent candidate in 2020 and that they will actually adress peoples problems and not structure a presidentital campaign around identity politics ( [ clinton could have attacked trump on policy all the time , yet her attacks were far less substantive than trumps attacks on her ] ( https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/3/8/14848636/hillary-clinton-tv-ads ) ) . 
  meanwhile in germany we 're doing bullshit and are about to elect merkel once again ( not that schulz has said anything much that would make him an alternative ) . 
  ehm , i did argue that for estonia it was a good thing . 
   communists regimes were unreformable very , very hard to reform certainly but i do n't know if it was necesarilly impossible . 
  i can certainly see why it happened the way it happened and i 'm not saying i could have done it better but saying the transition could n't have been better is naive . 
  how exactly the sovjet union could have been dissoluted better is probably soemthing for a phd thesis . 
  but that 's excactly the problem : if you persecute the companies that incentivises censorship ( companies will not risk their ass over wheter your comment is `` volksverherzung '' or not , they will instead delete anything that could be ) , if you persecute the individual people they will get a fair trial . 
   what is ` gramtic ' ? 
  - . - common ...  old law could n't force against them because they are using several servers which are locateed outside of germany . 
  did n't you just say people were already persecuted ? 
  the idea of gorbachev 's reforms was to stop that . 
  i 'm not arguing the soviet union was doing well or anything and i would n't want them to keep their messed up system but you could have changed that without handing it all to the oligarchs . 
  yeah but that was while brezhnev was in charge ... a transition does require leadership that is somewhat willing to perform it . 
  oh yeah , there 's the difference between just the satelite states and the real union , i forgot about that . 
  gdr and czechia were also not part of the union and they are also among the countries doing the best . 
  i was n't meaning to put estonia leagues above the other 2 baltic states ( they are obviously all doing rather well compared to other former sovjet union states ) but i singled them out because they seemed to be doing the best . 
  getting rid of that messed up form of socialims surely was a good thing . 
  but china for instance did that without changing their regime and they are doing better than russia . 
  this is a thought experiment though : i 'm inclined to say that all taken into account it was the right decission to dissolute it but the transition that followed was an utter mess and not at all good . 
  i think slowly disintegrating it would have been better but that might not have been possible . 
  that 's a really poor comparisson because age is a rather factual thing , while `` volksverherzung '' is more vague . 
  you will not have a court rule about wheter someone is 18 or not but you will have it rule about wheter something is `` volksverherzung '' or not ( and in fact the bundesverfassunggericht has already overruled previous instances in some cases ) . 
   `` recently over 25 persons are detained for posting hate speech on facebook . '', 
   `` they will '' do you see the gramtic difference ? 
  what you reference is before the law . 
  what i allude to is what will happen with the law in place . 
  you could already drag someone to court over hateful comments ( which you just said yourself ) , this is not what the law changes . 
  it 's only meant to incentivise companies to delete . 
  was it by all means a good thing ? 
  in many instances after the dissolution , the oligarchs took over ( especially in russia itself ) . 
  an actual transition would have been better than this rushed mess . 
  in principle the dissolution was a good thing of course but in practise it 's a more blurry picture . 
  of course it differs from country to country . 
  poland and estonia have been doing relatively well transitioning , others performed rather poorly . 
  edit : oh yeah , i forgot , downvotes incomming because i 'm obviously praising the soviet dictatorship and imperialism / s. 
  [ sure , i mean clearly this is child pornography and is not at all historically relevant ] ( http://www.readingthepictures.org/files/2013/09/nick-ut-uncropped-version-napalm-girl.jpg ) context : [ facebook censored the norwegian pm over this ] ( http://www.faz.net/aktuell/feuilleton/medien/facebook-zensiert-ikonisches-vietnam-kriegsfoto-14427324.html ) this is what happens if you put the rule of law in the hands of facebook ( thank you government / s ) ... 
  sure , it 's not trump 's bill . 
  he likely does n't know jackshit about that kind of legislation . 
  but republicans could not pass it without him . 
   crimes must be persecuted , whether they happen online or offline . 
  they will not be persecuted , they will just be deleted and it will not just be stuff that is liable under the law that is deleted . 
   but antifa are fine despite destroying stuff ? 
  while it is terrible , it 's not unlikely to be overruled by the bundesverfassungsgericht in a few years . 
  if trump passes trumpcare or sudenly decides to go into syria for real , that 's easily much worse . 
   opinions and thoughts are not covered by it . 
  that 's not true . 
  if i say : `` the nazi regime was good '' that 's an opinion and it could be illegal . 
  it 's not that i think it is a good or particularly informed opinion but the law is especially strict towards anything concerning the third reich and in that area it purposefully covers opinions aswell . 
  otherwise it 's a blurry line . 
  here is an example where the bundesverfassungsgericht overruled what the previous instances said : https://www.bundesverfassungsgericht.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2010/bvg10-013.html the case here is a sign advertising to return foreigners for an augsburg where life is worth living . 
  according to the bundesverfassungsgericht that 's an opinion ( which i agree with ) . 
  according to the previous courts , it 's hate speech . 
  obviously in this case the wording is indicative but it 's still an opinion ( the courts job is n't to assume stuff but to rule about what they have at hand ) and you can very well argue for the benefits of a homogenous society : most of europe has much more relaxed race relations than america for instance , suddenly an influx of refugees happens and the situation is tense . 
  but this is n't what i 'm trying to argue about , i 'm just saying there are arguments . 
  what i 'm actually trying to say is that the law is still subject to the opinion of those who put it into action . 
  it is meant to not cover opinion ( as long as it 's not about the third reich ) but there is no guarantee for that . 
  in the last instance it depends on the judges . 
  no , it 's a law determined to scare private companies into deleting anything that seems dubious enough , even if it 's not `` hate speech '' .
