  the better solution back then would have probably been to have kept 2 germanies for the first while and try to slowly work towards reunification . 
  and this is n't an unpopular opinion among economists as far as i gather . 
  the german minister of finance is one of the most powerful people in europe , one should not underestimate that . 
  i do n't know how well known he is in other countries but he 's likely more well known than the head of state of some other eu countries ( estonia or cyprus for instance ) . 
  i think it 's about 2/3 melenchon , 1/3 macron , maybe even 3/4 melenchon ( i assume the people that opt for macron do so because they think melenchon is too extremist , not because they are particularly entised by macron , macron likely represents the hollande wing of the socialists and hamon worked against that wing aswell ) . 
  do n't know how many will swich though . 
  not all people are reasonable . 
  some might think all other candidates are similarly bad ( although i doubt that 's a popular opinion given how awful le pen and fillon seem ) . 
  she is not the same as trump . 
  le pen is an experienced politician . 
  trump is an idiot who makes politics based on what is on fox news and what his top advisors tell him . 
  and i 'm not saying that because i 'm in favor of le pen but it 's a bit of a false equivalence . 
  the new right parties in europe all seem somewhat hesistant of trump , they wanted him to win , sure but beyond that they 're only midly optimistic if anything . 
  macron is a right-winger economically speaking . 
  his economic policy is basicly a toned down version of fillon ( the conservative ) with some social stuff on top of it . 
  people like him are the reason people lose their faith in the established left parties of europe ( like the socialists in france ) . 
  it 's the same in germany . 
  the spd starts to do right-wing politics and suddenly a party to the left of them is formed ( even by a former spd candidate for chancellor ) . 
   likely : medium-term dissolution of the eu . 
  it really is this dramatic . 
  brexit was never the great threat and geert wilders was never going to be pm in nederland . 
  the end game was always france . 
  unlikely . 
  with le pen all bets are off . 
  i have no clue what would hapen but le pen is almost certain to lose . 
  melenchon wants to negotiate with the eu . 
  if the other option is to shoot the eu to shambles , they will likely reach a conclusion . 
  everything else would be kindergarten-spitefulness . 
  and if negotations fail , it 's everyones fault , not only melenchon 's . 
  i would certainly blame my elected officials aswell . 
   what happens if it is ( far ) left vs ( far ) right in the second round ? 
  melenchon is overwhelmingly likely to win the 2nd round if he 's up against fillon or le pen . 
  that is if the polls are anything to go by at least . 
   germany 's are weak but at a historic all time higher after ww ii . 
  but is n't that in the parliamentary election ? 
  it would be weird to decide that with numbers from the presidential election . 
  but voters could do it , could n't they ? 
  i mean now , it 's practically certain that hamon will not win and in this election he will gain nothing by having 8 % because there is only one winner , no proportional representation . 
  so i assume it 's likely his voters could be pragmatic in the end and split between macron and melenchon ( depending on who they prefer ) . 
  a vote for hamon right now is practically the same as not voting , i.e. 
  a vote for everyone , also for fillon and le pen . 
  i do n't think they want that . 
   even fillon vs melenchon is not something i would completely rule out . 
  i think that one is very unlikely . 
  i would assume either fillon or melenchon could make it but both seems like a stretch because in polls they 're almost always 3rd and 4th . 
  they are on completely different ends of the spectrum though , maybe the 2 candidates with the biggest differences between them . 
  but you 're right , it 's all possible . 
  people read the poll numbers and forget to discount for margin of error . 
  we saw that in the eu elections ... / s, 
  he has a better chance than le pen because she will inevitably lose in the 2nd round ; she could only make it against fillon ( and even then he 's the favorite ) , melenchon beats fillon and le pen by about 20 % in 2nd round polls , he trails macron by about 10 % . 
  if melenchon gets into the second round with le pen ( which is unlikely but firmly within the realm of possibility because numbers are so close ) , he practically made it , i 'd say . 
  if he gets in with macron ( which is a tad more likely than with le pen ) he also has a chance but macron is the favorite . 
  however right now it seems that it will be between le pen and macron but polls are close and seem to suggest that melenchon has a better chance than fillon to make it to the 2nd round . 
  so likely the 1st round decides it . 
  even though macron likely beats everyone in 2nd round , he is not set to make it there ( only very likely ) . 
  le pen vs. melenchon is the most likely 2nd round set-up assuming macron does not make it ( which is a big if but still ) and in that case i 'd bet everything on melenchon . 
  honestly if we the eu follows the path of people like fillon , we 're better of shooting it to shambles sooner than later because with politics like this , the demise of the eu becomes inevitible ( meaning next time le pen might get 30 % ) . 
  so if the options are a slow death or a quick one with faster chance of recovery , i prefer the later . 
  although both is shit . 
  i guess saying that you misunderstand melenchon is to no avail ... 
  we tried for texas : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/adelsverein would have been new germany . 
  and who are you to tell us texans do n't secretly call it that way today ? 
  yeah , they 're the austrians of southern europe . 
   and fringe parties can sell a more radical plan than the centre ones who are basically upholding the society they created . 
  a few percentage points of tax and funding here and there , but nothing ` revolutionary ' . 
  i do n't think any party sells a vision for the future . 
  i 'm not knee deep into french politics but at least in germany no party has any real plan for the future , it 's either `` wait and see '' ( centrist parties ) or `` we need to go back '' ( afd/the left ) and then greens and fdp are somewhere inbetween but there are no new ideas for society on a grand scale , even though we are desperately in need of them . 
  right now the only `` vision '' for the future are the enemies that we create in our own picture , wheter it 's russia or islam or the middle east in general or some mad dictator who we used to collaborate rather well with ( or people that do n't buy our stuff , there is nothing americans despise more and that 's why trump 's travel ban targeted iran and not saudi - not that i 'm for it but at least ban the right places if you have to ) . 
  generally as i see it we have 4 rather substantial problems right now : * climate change * distribution of goods ( 1/7th of people live in oecd countries , technically the refugee crisis was a joke compared to what could come , likewise even within rich countries we have growing problems in that department ) * our financial market assumes ressources are infinite and will probably crash again * our model of society is not fit for the technological advancement of the future all 3 are interconnected and while you could in theory solve all 3 by moderate means it does n't seem particularly likely because they all go against our ingrown understanding of the world ( which is also an ideology ) . 
  another pretty huge problem is that these are all global . 
  one country can do pretty little alone ( if you 're not china or us or the eu pulling on one string ) . 
  as for french politics , i think melenchon 's proposals are the only that sound remotely sane - not in the sense that it 's necesarily a great plan but in the sense that it actually has a firm grasp of future ( while with macron and fillon we would be at the same place in 5 years , only worse - and le pen could shoot everything to shambles ) . 
  however of course melenchon 's proposal is also somewhat dangerous and while it fixes some problems in the eu , it could also create new problems . 
  well , if that is fillon 's golden ticket , he 's doomed . 
  as has been said multiple times melenchon is not anti-eu . 
  he does merely not like the eu in it 's current form which is not an unpopular opinion . 
  melenchon could easily frame fillon as corrupt and as a neoliberal jackass ( i mean fillon 's financial plan does look like the pest ) . 
  many people are much more concerned about that . 
  i also think that fillon is the most likely to drop out in the first round of the 4 . 
  hm ... the government ( which is democratically elected by the people ) acting against it 's own interest to enact a democratic result ... hm ... 
  the macron/le pen & melenchon/le pen polls look incredibly similar ( 20 + % against le pen ) . 
  either way she has no chance . 
  brexit and the us election were both tossups according to polls ( within the 3 % margin of error ) . 
  i do n't know what estimates were on brexit but the probability of trump was about 30 % as estimated by fivethirtyeight . 
  in the end us polls were 1,2 % off on the federal level : http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton_vs_johnson_vs_stein-5952.html that 's completely normal but people were too moronic to consider that it would not take that much for trump to win . 
  apart from that data in some non-battleground states was rather poor , partly because there is not sufficient polling and partly because hillary did not think it was important to campaign there . 
  so if this is dungeons and dragons does that make the establishment the dungeon keepers ? 
  some polls have her in the margin of error . 
  fillon is unlikely to make the 2nd round i think but if he does end up against le pen we should be prepared for surprises . 
   fillon beats melenchon imo according to polls this is less likely than melenchon beating macron . 
  what does emulating germany even mean ? 
  do you want france to match our export ? 
  how ? 
  do you want to dump salaries and import cheap workforce from the east ? 
  well ... in germany we actually worked that out in simple terms so france could always phone our politicians , i 'm sure they would help . 
  likewise try to look at demographics . 
  france 's population is younger and grows faster ( in the sense that germany 's population shrinks ) . 
  on top of that life expectansy in france is actually considerably higher ; if you add the divergence between france and germany 's life expectansies ( 1,4 years ) , france would have the highest life expectansy in the entire world . 
  does n't filion want to privatize yours ? 
   we 've got all we want and nothing to fight for or against .
