  well , it 's not like the current rules are really preventing the german government from dominating the eu , no ? 
  imo the entire eu parliamentary structure should be changed so that eu elections span across the countries and so that the parliament forms the government . 
  then there 's no need for a veto if everyone is represented justly in the eu government or at least the veto could be made less powerful . 
  sure , i 'm just saying that they could always split it to 2 markets again , in theory at least ... 
   everything they ever stood for has been achieved , aside from the normalization of pedophilia good joke ... 
  they are currently on their way out of the parliament if polls are any inidcation . 
   or a father who gave you a small loan of a million dollars !, 
  b-b-but it has not been easy for him ( he even repeats it twice so it must be true ) ... `` it has not been easy for me . 
  it has not been easy for me . 
  i started off in brooklyn . 
  my father gave me a small loan of a million dollars . 
  i came into manhattan , and i had to pay him back , and i had to pay him back with interest . '', 
  it 's not the kind of story the european council would tell you , right ? 
  yeah , you know now that i 'm thinking about it ... 
  the rule of the two ... marine eliminating her father from the party ... 
  it all makes sense ( in very , very dark ways ) . 
  ehrms ... my numbers are ppp per capita already ... just look it up here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( ppp ) _ per_capita comparing full gdp numbers ( not per capita ) like you do is really useless though if you want to compare living standards ( which is what i was trying to do ) ... russia has much more inhabitants than all of the eu countries if you look at them singlehandedly . 
  in total they might make more than luxembourg but their economy in general is doing much worse . 
  in total the eu has more than 5 times russias gdp ( still ppp ) . 
  china is actually at the top of the world market outperforming both the eu ( which ranks 2nd ) and the us ( which ranks 3rd ) . 
  imo worry about russia is incredibly overdone . 
  they will slowly become more and more obsolete in international affairs while china and india are the real powers in the east and they also have national tendencies which are much more dangerous than putin could ever be because china and india actually have the resources to pick a fight with the west . 
  you might have a point about military spending though , ppp numbers are hard to find on that so russian military spending might be slightly higher than one would expect . 
  however in any case it will still be comfortably below eu and us military spending . 
  * edit : fixed link *, 
  honestly , i have no clue what goes on inside his head but i would assume he shows true colors now . 
  in the 90 's he got arrested for non-secular politics already ( or something along the lines of that , he also spoke out for sharia ) and then he was released from prison and made different politics that were quite democratic . 
  it seems that maybe what he did back then was facade to get into the eu but maybe erdogan does n't think that 's it 's profittable anymore and shifted focus . 
  and really , turkey would probably be much stronger as the leader of some arabic eu-counterinnitative ( not that i 'm for something like this , especially not under erdogan leadership ) . 
  as i said though , it 's complicated and after so many years in office erdogan might have lost his grip on reality and have succumbed to some kind of megalomaina , i do n't know . 
  i think you got something wrong . 
  she 's clearly a jedi , not a witch . 
  but thankfully macron seems resilient to jedi-mind-tricks . 
   how generous of him !, 
  if you want to put it like that ...  fuck it , i knew it 's our fault . 
  i never said it was our fault . 
  it 's a layered issue . 
  probably it 's mainly khrushchev 's fault for creating this whole mess but back in the day he could have had no idea about the situation today . 
  what i tried to explain to you is that putin 's actions are basicly realpolitics 101 . 
  the west acts in a very similar matter . 
  if you ask me iraq , afghanistan and libya were much worse , the death toll was astronomically much higher and we drew our interest spheres on the other side of the world while putin intervened in a neighbour country . 
  i hope you oppose all of our shit aswell . 
   so the plane that was shot down ? 
  the 5000 civilians killed in the ukrainian war , that 's rational for you ? 
  are you some sort of crazy person ? 
  so war is inherently irrational ? 
  when the us fought the nazis and killed millions of germans that 's irrational ? 
  btw they also killed tons of civilians for no legitimate tactical reason in mass bombardements ( mainly the brits actually ) - take the dresden bombardement for instance ( over 20.000 deaths in dresden alone ) , it 's a much bigger atrocity than what putin did ( it 's basicly terrorism and a massive war crime and the net gain was probably 0 ) . 
  putin did it with a clear motif in his head and so far it worked out for him . 
  i do n't think it 's good but i do n't see what 's inherently irrational about it . 
  if you think it 's irrational you might want to do a dictionary check on the word . 
  i do n't know about the details but what i read sounded like voting turks in germany could n't vote in embassys either and that it somehow fits with our law . 
  i 'm in no way sure about this or any procedures . 
  it was just a wild guess . 
  regime change in syria is a terrible idea btw ( because then we really get an isis state ) . 
  i would not have done it even if it was legal . 
  not that assad is a non-terrible option but the alternative would be the most terrible scenario imagineable . 
   maybe because the baltics are in nato ? 
  only since 2004 . 
   so not the guy that invaded ukraine and fuels a war over there ? 
  okay ... again , putin did not take crimea for 14 years . 
  he took it because the west wanted to bind ukraine closer to itself and because afterwards it would have been a lost cause forever ( and crimea is a historically very russian part and was gifted to ukraine in an unconstitutional way in the 50 's ) . 
  i 'm not for his actions but they were not irrational ( which is the definition of mad ) . 
  he did it from a very clear motif ( western expansionism ) . 
  trump on the other hand does anything people tell him and flip flops on a daily basis . 
  gee , do all the east-european countries ( at least people here on reddit ) push for war with russia ... russia has 10 % of us military budget and only about 20 % of eu military budget and putin knows that . 
  he is no madman . 
  i said it before and i gladly say it again : putin is relatively tame if you look at the alternatives . 
  russia was one out of 2 superpowers not long ago and now they 're incredibly weak ( their gdp pr . 
  capita ranks below greece ) . 
  putin has been in office for like 16 years or so ( a little longer actually ) and he has still not taken the baltic states . 
  if he really was a madmen we 'd have either no more baltic states or ww iii . 
  i 'm definitely not for putin but if we start to call this war and putin a madman in what direction are we going ? 
  btw : the actual madman who really has no clue what he is doing sits on the other side of the world and rules over a military that could pick a fight with the entire world . 
   i do n't know much about denmark/belgium/finland / etc. , but i would n't be surprised if the story is very similar . 
  well , it definitely is n't in [ denmark ] ( https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/venstre#resultater_ved_folketingsvalg ) . 
  rutte 's party also had more seats already 35 years ago and they 've been pretty constant since then . 
   and from my limited understanding , macron is definitely a similar story , primarily the same collapse of the social democratic party . 
  but also the weakening of the traditional right parties . 
  i do n't know . 
  they actually have incredibly high taxes in france , massive unemployment ( especially among the young ) and the country has been in a downward spiral since 30 years or so . 
  was that really the same in the netherlands ? 
  the belgian pm 's party actually only has 10 % of the votes . 
  [ the finnish party has solid 20 % since 100 years . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnische_zentrumspartei#wahlergebnisse ) [ dp has also been strong in luxembourg since ww ii . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luxembourg_general_election,_1945 ) i just really do n't see where you get your resurgence of liberal parties theory from ... my theory is that macron is simply doing well in france because they have no tradition for it and right now macron offers a solution to some very old structural problems and people are willing to try something new . 
  [ ano in the czech republic might be an actually good example of what you 're searching for . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/abgeordnetenhauswahl_in_tschechien_2013 ) but i still do n't see it as an euro-wide phenomenon . 
  it depends fully on the countries position . 
  in germany for instance we have little need for the fdp in it 's current form because the cdu and spd have fully integrated the concept of dumping salaries already . 
  you missed the really unbelievable thing about this : erdogan was the guy that abolished death penalty ... 
  democracy is part of european law though ( no dictatorship may join ) . 
  ** `` among the values protected by article 2 we find democracy , the rule of law , human rights , freedom and protection of minorities . 
  '' ** from this [ paper on the democratic deficit in hungary ] ( http://www.lse.ac.uk/europeaninstitute/leqs%20discussion%20paper%20series/leqspaper79.pdf ), 
  it 's a violation of rights either way . 
  according to german and european law death penalty is illegal and seen as a violation of human rights . 
  i think we can agree that : human rights  democratic rights, 
   the thing i know is that they ca n't actually go into the embassy/consulate willy nilly . 
  so how are they gon na check if people are voting and having referendum inside the consulate ? 
  i think if they even allow the vote , the embassys are breaking the law and then police can go in there willy nilly .
