  clinton is the right wing of the democratic party . 
  schr\u00f6der and blair are again the very right-wing of their party . 
  let 's please not make this everyone to the left of the republicans is left-wing thing again . 
  edgy internet liberalism drives me mad . 
   also you , do n't need to be dovish on foreign policy to be a left-winger . 
  but you need a damn good reason to use the money of the people to bomb other people in far-off iraq ( a reason which in this case was completely made up ) . 
  with schr\u00f6der it 's more about breaking the precedent of germany not involving itself in shitty wars after ww ii . 
   let 's please not do this `` everybody to the right of chavez is a conservative '' dafuq ? 
  our left-wing party in germany is led by a conservative ( at least in bundestag ) . 
  conservativism is completely compatible with being left . 
  the opposite of conservativism is progressivism which is again completely compatible with the right-wing . 
   the image you linked is an entirely different chain to the danish netto . 
  yes , sure . 
  it 's the german netto like i said . 
  being in a left party ( which the democrats were n't under clinton and labour was n't under blair ) does n't make you left . 
  i mean 1/2 wings of the nsdap was left . 
  quick primer on german politics under schr\u00f6der : in 1990 oscar lafontaine ran as chancellor for the spd . 
  in 1998 schr\u00f6der wins and lafontaine becomes minister of finance . 
  in 2001 lafontaine leaves because he feels unable to stand for the spd 's kind of politics ( keep in mind he was the former leader of the party and candidate for chancellor ) . 
  in 2005 lafontaine is a key figure in forming the left ( party ) which as off today always made it beyond 5 % and into the bundestag . 
  before schr\u00f6der that was unthinkable . 
  what exactly happenend here ? 
  possibly a switch to the right ? 
  and what would you make of someone saying gabriel ( former spd leader ) is more right-wing than merkel ( cdu leader ) ? 
   i mean the left-centre . 
  people like hollande , third-way types . 
  like schr\u00f6der , blaire , clinton , that kind of political space . 
  by no estimation is clinton left wing . 
  the last left wing president the us had was probably carter ( maybe there is debate about obama but only because american mainstream is far-right ) . 
  i 'm having a hard time considering all of these left . 
  especially considering they were all pro-war in the end and how schr\u00f6der and blair fucked up the social system . 
  third way is excactly what fucked up the left . 
  labour yes because of the british 2 party system ( although people like blair - of which there are many in labour - are right wing ) . 
  if you 're left in the uk and want to be a politician , you 'll have to pick labour if you have any hopes of being elected . 
  spd is n't really left ( legend has it they have a left wing but they must be hiding in a cave ) , they 're about to privatize our beloved autobahn :( - if they continue this way it 's only a matter of time until the left ( party ) overtakes them in elections ... 
   and the liberal left went to macron if you mean left-wing libertarians , i assume that 's more 50/50 if not leaning melenchon . 
  so the socialists are eaten and split up between em and fi ? 
  ... until the next election ?? 
  as i see it there are 2 options . 
  either the us rearranges that path after trump or they 're a country of the past . 
  ehrm ... well , hopefully ... https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/mar/28/only-sweden-germany-france-pursuing-paris-climate-goals-study in all honesty , it will probably be china . 
  i do n't know if they are on track to meet the goals but they 're putting the most in green energy . 
  in china ( and possibly india too now ) they 're massively pushing for electric cars for real . 
  in germany merkel is pushing to uphold cars that drive on fossil fuel and our only green minister-president claimed that there is clean diesel ... germany is doing better than most countries though but when it comes to our car industry ... gosh ... 
  you have a different netto than us dude ( yours is a lot more expensive if i 'm not illinformed and it tends to look good inside - for a supermarket that is ) . 
  i was actually used to the danish one ( because i live at the border ) and then i saw the german one and god damn , [ their label is so horrendous that it makes the whole shop look unappealing ] ( https://static08.kaufda.de/geschaefte/netto-marken-discount.v2143.jpg ) . 
  mr. lidl goes to washington ? 
  are n't we usually criticized for not consuming enough . 
  the graph does surprise me to be honest . 
  i hate to allign with facebook but ehr ... 
  what about [ that guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jos%c3%a9_mujica ) ? 
   they voted to leave europe . 
  lol , that would be fun . 
  i wish they had a second referendum about leaving the continent and then the remain campaign will have signs saying `` how do we even do it '' and leave will just say that they should take care of that after voting . 
   welp . 
  looks like america 's * regressive * mental illnesses are leaking into europe . 
  fixed that for you . 
  i 'm not even trying to be snarky but that has nothing to do with progress . 
  just claiming to be progressive does n't make you progressive . 
  this is strangely fascinating ( but maybe that 's just because i 'm tired ) . 
  never read it before . 
  thanks . 
  it is n't . 
  everyone knows the rules beforehand and agrees with them by running for president . 
  i think you could win an election with like 28 % of the vote in the us . 
  it 's a stupid system but they accept it time and time again . 
  she 's a bit of a narcicist aswell ( right now her only reason to become elected is to stay chancellor , she has no plans at all ) but not nearly as much as clinton ( to be as narcicistic as clinton is hard though ) and she hides it much better and is more conservative in her personal nature . 
  i guess that confuses trump . 
  sad !, 
  this is n't what i said . 
  so you think crimea will go back to the ukraine anytime soon ? 
  russia realistically speaking . 
  it will not be part of ukraine again . 
  this is n't saying i support putin 's actions or anything , this is just how i think the future will look . 
   it 's the same , old shit . 
  i 've heard it before , and i have no doubt i 'll hear it again after the next attack . 
  because there will be another attack , because people like corbyn will do nothing to stop it . 
  and people like may will ? 
  or who excactly will ? 
   i especially enjoyed him naming uk involvement in libya as a cause . 
  because social democrat parties across europe were massively in favour of that involvement , and extremely supportive of the `` arab spring '' in general . 
  should n't you cheer him for going against the social democrat parties then ? 
  corbyn is from another wign of the labour party than blair . 
  yeah , the trend is right but i looked at the other polls and this is the single poll with the lowest conservative lead since may became pm . 
  this seems like a bit of an outlier but also like labour is actually closing in . 
  it 's no `` objective truth '' or anything but it 's an interesting perspective that a lot of people shrug away from immediatly as it does not allign with their worldview . 
  their test is trashy though . 
  it 's going by the campaign promises . 
  trump campaigned on economic protectinionism and rebuilding infrastructure aswell . 
  the problem is that his `` plan '' ( or lets rather call it talking points ) make no sense as they are so contradictory . 
  true . 
  this graph is an estimation of his campaign promisses ( which is why he is to the left of clinton ) but it 's pretty clear trump does whatever people tell him ( provided they are relatively soothing speakers ) . 
  it would be interesting to see if suddenly a guy like sanders would be his top advisor . 
   literally only have two choices , and two ideologies . 
  the problem is that your 2 choices usually are n't even from opposing sides : https://www.politicalcompass.org/images/us2016.png, 
  the irony is that scandinavia 's movie industry is doing exceptionally well for such small countries . 
  danish cinema is practically more relevant than german cinema despite only having about 1/16th of the people and little tradition compared to germany . 
  however i guess it has something to do with the size also ( small countries have an easier time being innovative ) . 
  interestingly around ww i germany blocked all film imports from the entente which led to a golden age in scandinavian cinema in the 10 's and then later to a golden age in weimar germany . 
  so obviously i 'm all for whatever quotas we can get ( the german film industry really needs to get thrown that bone ) .
