   they were successful , the ussr is what successful communism looks like . 
  the ussr would make marx roll in his grave . 
  yeah , a big part of me ached when i worte left-wing there . 
  they basicly stand for neoliberalism with a social flair . 
   additionally , communism has been implemented you got to have some eathshattering insight about an unknown country right there ... 
  well , in communism you do n't stop owning stuff , you just do n't own it alone and their is no clause in communism that calls for censorship of anything . 
  lol , me 2 please . 
  i think we can aknowledge that prageru is right wing propaganda while still aknowledging that something like vox is left-wing propaganda . 
  that it 's propaganda does n't mean that it 's not worth listening to though , it gives you an idea of the different sides ( although this video is really , really stupid and i could have done without it ) . 
   commies did n't ruled in chile . 
  what was allende then ? 
   you ca n't create classless society without death why ? 
   does n't change the fact that communism has killed more people than nazism ever did or could have , every single time it 's tried . 
  communism ca n't kill people , it 's an economic model . 
  you mean that many people who wanted to implement communism ( but failed ) killed tons of people . 
   all societies goods are now owned by the people vs. a country where it 's own race come first . 
  fixed that for you   both nazism and communism are shit why are we having this conversation because you replied ? 
  i 'm not a communist but equating it with nazism is one of the fastest ways to discredit yourself intelectually . 
   are you a commie per chance ? 
  if you would have actually read my comment you would know i 'm no communist ... 
  but reading is overrated anyway right ? 
   nixon was not evil . 
  the dncleaks are way worst than watergate . 
  i am pretty sure you are not willing to equate hillary with hitler . 
  oh , i vastly prefer nixon over hillary ( although comparing the dncleaks with watergate is ridiculous because at least she never spied on her opposing party ) . 
  i also do find hitler more sympathetic than hillary but i would still vote for her over him . 
   ah lol , the good old `` communism has never been implemented right '' well , that 's a fact . 
  you could ask stalin , lenin , mao , ho chi min , castro and co. 
  they would all tell you the same , that communism never existed and that they had a socialist state . 
  i doubt that communism is even implementable , as i said before , communism is an utopic vision . 
   what makes you think that murder and economic and social ruin are different from communism , when they 've happened hand in hand in every single communist country and place , every single time for the last 100years . 
  that 's not true from various positions . 
  try to look at allende 's chile for instance . 
  sure , the murder came , but not from allende but from a right-wing military coup backed by america which then installed a dictator , pinochet . 
  try to look at china , they 're still led by the communist party ( although they are surely not a communist country and the party is oppressive ) but they have the highest gdp ( ppp ) in the entire world today , that 's not economic ruin . 
   always chile ? 
  ehrm , there are collectively run companies already and a lot of people think the presidential system is shit . 
  but therein lies the fallacy . 
  there is no inherent call for murder in communism , in nazism it 's pretty explicit . 
  think allende 's chile for instance . 
  where was the murder there ? 
  oh yeah , right it came from the guy 's that toppled allende ( who was btw democratically elected ) ... 
   you do n't compare evil . 
  evil is evil . 
  lenin said `` there are times when the interests of the proletariat call for ruthless extermination of its enemies in open armed clashes '' ok , if there are no shades of evil we might aswell equate nixon with hitler . 
   conservative people tend go into business related jobs , management , the army etc. 
  left and conservative are 2 different terms . 
  the leader of our german left-party for instance is also very conservative . 
  but in that case he must be implying that there should be less controversey around it . 
  mkay ... are you sure you did n't drop this : '' / s '' ? 
  oh yes , bernie sanders , the next socialist dictator . 
  or even better jean-luc melenchon , the next socialist dicator ( despite him being the only one to abolish the presidential system which would effectively put him out of office after reforms ), 
  ok , seriously . 
  5 questions to prageru : * lenin is as bad as stalin ? 
  * if the left is overrepresented in academia , is there perhaps a reason ? 
  * vietnam was a `` good war '' ? 
  * what the hell is a `` good war '' ? 
  * what is true communism ? 
  ehrm , i 'm sorry to tell you , but communism is at it 's core a humanist idea ( humans  nation ) . 
  if you 're a communist , chances are you 're probably a nice enough guy . 
  nazism is anti-humanist ( humans < nation ) . 
  if you 're a nazi , chances are you 're probably a dickhead . 
  then there is also the fact that communism was never implemented on macrolevel . 
  nazism was and i think we know how that went . 
  if communism would have ever been implemented , people would have probably loved it , because it 's an utopic vision . 
  stalinism is very far away from that though . 
  i 'm no advocate of either but you have a much easier time finding a nice communist than a nice nazi . 
  and it 's pretty easy to see why : communists believe that everyone should give society as much as he can and take as much as he needs . 
  nazis believe that the nation is above all else , if you have nothing to give , you do n't deserve to live , if you 're not part of the nation/race , you 're inherently inferior . 
  sometimes prageru is baffilingly stupid . 
   however a couple of the measures necessary for the latter ( like prolonged relaxation of the debt measurements and slightly devaluating the euro to make the problems less for southern europe ) will never pass because it would potentially weaken the northern countries , especially germany . 
  it will not pass because it 's at it 's core a stupid solution . 
  germany is the biggest low-wage-sector in europe already . 
  the only solution is to strengthen the other regions and to give the german population a bigger share of the econimic succes ( because right now in reality germany has such a big surplus largely because we do n't buy stuff ) . 
  this would require a closer union . 
  it should be fully feasible to invest in the poor countries in the eu and that 's possible if the entire eu guarantees for them ( instead of for the big banks ) . 
  right now people are afraid to put their money in greece but that 's exactly what we need to encourage , a better distribution of money in the eu . 
  the money has to go where there is potential for investment . 
  germany has to stop importing spanish workers for instance . 
  spain is even considerably larger than germany , they just have much less people . 
  if you devaluate the euro , it will increase that development and we 'll import even more eu citizens to work here . 
  the only solution is plain and simple : financical redistribution , strengthen and invest massively in the weakest regions while staying more low profile in the regions that do well . 
  the only alternative to that is no more euro , which will hurt us all tremendously in the short - and mid-term . 
   well , you could argue that a smaller country might get hit harder by a crisis but can then just climb out easier . 
  iceland seems to be getting back on it 's feet decently . 
  yes but they also have less control over worldwide developments . 
  if a foreign power like the us or china suddenly decides to swallow iceland , they themselves have nothing to say but they rely on the aid of another power . 
  it 's the same with the financical system . 
  there are billions of things you can not produce in iceland . 
  they rely heavily on trade and they have an interest in some kind of controlled and not unchained trade aswell . 
  uncontrolled trade leads to the middle class vanishing . 
  nobody wants that . 
   and on a weird note , do you actually think the migration crisis is global ? 
  because it seems to affect essentially sweden , uk and germany and then just the countries on the way to it ... 
  it was a topic i never paid much attention to . 
  sure , germany , the uk and sweden are not the goal of people from neighbouring countries but from people on the other side of the world . 
  it 's a question of shifting narratives and a democratication of information and a globalisation of problems . 
  if people in africa suddenly learn through new media , that life in the eu is much better and that they have no chances for future in their countries as it stands right now , what happens ? 
  if the sahara widens and farm ladn and water resources diminish in the warmest regions , what happens ? 
   environmental effects yeah ... those are humanity wide , but we 'll never agree on those .
