  there 'll likely be new elections by the end of this year or 2018 . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the napoleonic wars ? 
  you 'd only have to go back 60 years to the '57 election which the cdu won with 50,2 % . 
   if directly voted , in both sh & nrw the spd candidate would have won . 
  torsten albig 's popularity was tanking in sh shortly before the election because he gave a stupid interview in bunte where he talked about his wife in a manner many deamed condescending . 
  apart from that this is a poor comparison because it excludes the other parties . 
  if you could only vote spd or cdu , the spd would have won both electios . 
   if they go full nuts to the left . 
  why is it between `` full nuts to the left '' and schr\u00f6derism ( aka . 
  right-wing ) . 
  i only asked for a proper left campaign that they actually follow up on . 
  there is a reason noone buys their `` soziale gerechtigikeit '' paroles now . 
   hell , based on your standards we have n't had a winner in a german election yet https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/bundestagswahl_1957 i said majority , not coaltion . 
  my standards are that it 's laughable to speak about a winner anyway . 
  but if one must talk about it , it 's the absolute majority or you did n't win . 
  so if you want : no , since adenauer and cdu noone won the federal german election . 
   but as long as you cross the finish line before anybody else does you 're still the winner the point is that they did n't actually cross the finish line . 
  they were pushed beyond it by the dup ( a party so conservative that this is n't going to sit well with a lot of voters ) . 
  apart from that new elections soon are likely and labour is surging in post-election polls . 
  theresa may 's goal was to improve the majority and get a `` strong and stable government '' , yet she ended up losing the majority and got a shaky coalition , i think we can be pretty confident that this is not winning . 
  i mean she would have been better of by doing nothing ( i.e. 
  not calling snap elections ) . 
  why could n't mr. 
  reasonable win the labour leadership election then ( they even had 2 of those but could n't get rid of corbyn ) ? 
   if that looks like a win to you i don \u00b4 t wan na know what you \u00b4 d consider a loss did you actually read my comment ? 
   but in britain noone has a majority . 
  noone `` won '', 
   winning in this context is defined by becoming pm ehm ... 
  try asking miss may if she feels like a winner . 
   the fdp also proposed yesterday that homosexual marriage is the sine qua non of their coalition demands huh , is this official ? 
  if so it 's gon na be some interesting post election talks because then there 's only groko left for the cdu without gay-marriage ( and it would look silly if the spd would n't demand gay marriage as a condition aswell if fdp is doing it ) . 
  but i ca n't say i trust the fdp . 
  would n't be surprised if they flip in the last minute or make a fishy compromise . 
   and cdu-greens works fine in schleswig holstein and hessen cdu in schleswig-holstein is actually pro gay marriage . 
  yeah but if you look at the polls again , you will see that the spd got about as many votes as the pre-schulz polls predicted . 
  the last 2016 poll and the first 2017 poll had the spd at 32 % . 
  they ended up getting 31,2 % . 
  in sh it 's the same . 
  they got 27,2 % in the end . 
   if the play the radical left , do n't do another grant coaliation even if this would be the only viable option , they lose the moderates . 
  why is that certain ? 
  when was the last time they ran a proper left campaign ? 
  oh yeah , that was ' 94 , the time they got 13 % more than currently in the polls . 
  the reason they lose votes is because they are inconsequential , not because they are too far to the left . 
   the usual go-to coalition partner is the fdp ( liberals ) but at the moment , it seems like the only realistic option for a majority is a grand coalition of cdu and spd . 
  not really . 
  in the last allensbach poll ( 20.06 ) , cdu+fdp got 50,5 % ( and realistically you need less than 50 because not all votes are for parties that get in ) . 
  it 's gon na be close but cdu+fdp is a likely option . 
  if the afd or greens do n't get in ( which is also an option , although unlikely ) , it 's probably sealed . 
   the current leadership of the green party is leaning towards the ~ ~ middle ~ ~ right fixed that for you . 
  the greens in sh are actually more to the left than the leadership of the federal greens ( i did consider voting for the greens here but i already know by now that i wo n't do so on the federal level ) . 
  further the cdu in sh is less conservative than the federal cdu/csu . 
  even though everyone sells it that way , it 's a very poor indicator for anything on the federal level . 
  we also have rr and rrg in some states but that still does n't mean it 's gon na happen on the federal level . 
  mostly on the state level , you need relatively practical solutions . 
  on a federal level , it 's more complicated . 
  the reason we even get jamaica here is because the fdp does not want to coaltion with the spd . 
  but very unlikely . 
  the greens made homosexual marriage a condition for a coalition . 
  what would either the greens or the cdu gain by stepping down from their position regarding this ? 
  actually by some estimates the csu is more left-wing than the cdu . 
  left/right is a very vague dichotomy and you can get it to mean whatever you want . 
  better to say merkel is n't conservative enough to scare non-conservatives away . 
   most likely even 8 years . 
  hell i wouldnt bet money against merkel for the 2029 elections at this point . 
  i 'd very much bet against you . 
  i think next election is where shit gets real but this is basicly over , yeah . 
  groko or fdp/cdu . 
   think sch\u00e4uble yuck ... 
  corbyn did n't lose . 
  i do n't really get what people have with their winning and losing in politics anyway ( as you 'd need to get 50 + % to actually `` win '' anything ) but in britain noone has a majority . 
  noone `` won '' . 
  and in relative terms ( in terms of gaining seats ) , corbyn/labour did actually `` win '' . 
  what really wins in the end is the compromise . 
  if one party gets 49 % but is n't able to make a compromise with any other party , the other parties will govern ( provided they can make a compromise ) . 
   lost three state elections schulz was no up to vote for this , neither was merkel . 
  the spd in the individual states `` lost '' the elections . 
  if any of the 3 elections would be representative of the federal level , the spd would be happy because they performed much better in all 3 states than they currently do in the federal election polls . 
  oh yeah , i drew this map of where the parties get their votes from ( not necesarilly where they really stand - the size of the circles is also not related to how many votes they get ) : http://i.imgur.com/hsgwbik.png of course the spd has gigantic problems because they 're basicly between a hard place and a rock . 
  why do 11 % say the euro ? 
  the way it has been implemented is extremely flawed . 
  i 'm very cautious of this . 
  big armies are not just there for fun . 
  chances will increase you will wage stupid wars ( see us ) . 
  if the overall budget is actually shrunk ( as there will be lots of money saved ) , it could be a good idea but only if we have policy that makes an attack on foreign territory much harder than it currently is . 
  armies should be used for defense not to invade iraq or some other shit . 
  apart from that i would never ever give an army to the eu comission . 
  if we want a common army we need proper eu government that is actually elected by the people . 
  and still even then we could potentially get warmongers in government who would control the 2nd highest funded army in the world ( or maybe 3rd highest after uk leaves ) . 
  in any case there would have to be some really good regulations which need to be discussed publicly . 
  not as far as i 'm concerned . 
  [ this poll from 2015 ] ( http://www.mmnews.de/index.php/net-news/39880-umfrage-deutsche-bei-frage-nach-eu-armee-uneins ) is almost 50/50 . 
  i am personally against it ( or at least very , very cautious of the idea considering our current use of our army where it really should n't be ) . 
  do n't know avout france . 
  this is everything people need to know really . 
   while that 's true , the old saying remains relevant : germany is too big for europe and too small for the world from when is this quote ? 
  in the late bismarck era germany could be seen as the leading superpower . 
   merkel is one of the best chancellors this country has ever had . 
  i must disagree .
