  czech republic actually still has the highest gdp per capita today of the former sovjet bloc . 
  the shit is belgium doing there ? 
  they 're acting like they invented the lightbulb . 
  meh , try to look at yugoslavia for instance . 
  serbia 's gdp per capita is about half of poland 's today . 
  multiple former sovjet states are also doing better than portugal . 
  however unsurprisingly it 's the western regions which have been the most developed for a long time . 
  the very east of europe would lag far behind the west even without russia . 
  i 'm not saying russia was n't a factor , i mean in germany you can still see the influence of the gdr today throughout almost all statistics . 
  poland would probably be the farthest developed today if it would still be germany but i do n't think that 's what you want . 
   and america has better freedom of speech laws laws are one thing , practice is another . 
  many european countries have age-old laws that restrict freedom of speech but are just about never brought into action . 
  in america freedom of speech is basicly settled by the free market and an incredibly normative society . 
  you 're punished much harder there if you 're not in line , just not by the laws . 
   it 's the best place for freedom of speech says who ? 
  which place has more freedom of speech then ? 
  as for freedom of press you can look that up on the world press freedom index : https://rsf.org/en/ranking, 
  it 's by and large the best place for freedom of press in the entire world at least ( of course there is quite some diversity among the individual countries as we also got turkey and belarus and so against norway or denmark ) . 
  i know it 's not the same as freedom of speech but it 's an indication at least and if europe has no freedom of speech , which continent has ? 
  why would 1st vote macron voters vote le pen ? 
  wait until they find out he 's the head of the lizard people ... 
   how are they center ? 
  well , they try to build a broad appeal . 
  the leader of the party in our state said that he wants to transform the green party into a `` gesellschaftspartei '' ( party of the entire society ) . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the greens have their second best result here in sh , only outperformed by baw\u00fc . 
   still , germany emits reasonableness . 
  i guess it 's not any stranger than the afd 's existence overall , though . 
  oh , we also have gigantic problems . 
  do n't let yourself be fooled . 
   it is genuinely bizarre to me that there are germans who do n't want gay marriage . 
  well gay marriage and christianity are a difficult match and our leading party , the cdu , is a christian party . 
  the majority of germans want gay marriage . 
  well , in sh the only party that wants g8 back is the cdu and they are the people who freaking implemented it in the first place . 
  the cdu/afd overlap on the different points is extremely high . 
  one difference i can come up with right now is that the afd wants free choice between g8 & g9 and that the cdu wants gay marriage ( i do n't actually know the afd 's position here but i assume they 're not for it ) . 
  of course the wahl-o-mat is no 1:1 representation but they do cover the central themes and if 2 parties manage to get 50 % apart , that 's quite indicative . 
   the three most highly-respected green representatives are all conservatives ( katrin , cem , kreschtmann ) i 'd argue that habeck is more popular . 
  he 's the most popular politician in sh at least . 
  i do n't think cem and katrin can say that about themselves in their state . 
  kreschtmann probably can . 
   now if only china 's gdp was n't fucking imaginary yes , that 's why we never see a product labeled `` made in china '' . 
  yup , and chiles president ( before the pinochet coup ) . 
   macron is going to oppose the imperialism and unending oil wars of the united states ? 
  if they continue the path of trump they 'll guide themselves into irrellevance pretty soon . 
  the us is 3rd already when it comes to gdp ( ppp ) after china and eu . 
   sure , we just need an ocean around us . 
  what i 've been saying all along . 
  he 's not delusional ( like le pen ) but hopefully he knows how to convert his thoughts into action because mass-deplacement on a global scale is no realistic solution . 
  it 's only a victory for europe if macron can keep what he promised and if he ( together with other european leaders ) succeeds in reforming the eu . 
  but of course if the other option was le pen , it 's a step in the right direction . 
  still the cdu/greens overlap here is low . 
  cdu overlaps very good with afd and fdp . 
  cdu probably overlaps more with spd here than with the greens . 
  you can take a `` wahl-o-mat test '' and end up with 80 % greens/left and 30 % cdu/afd ( of all parties they might have the best overlap btw ) . 
  our greens even advocated for a universal income testrun here . 
  their coaltionpartners spd and ssw said no . 
  i think it 's safe to say the greens here are our most left-leaning and progressive party in the parliament now as linke did not get in . 
   i see . 
  danke , for the input . 
  still find a bit strange to see greens and christians democrats collaborating . 
  it 's by no means sure they will . 
  people say it 's a likely coalition but i 'm pretty sure the greens will lose support in the next election if they do it . 
  i have the feeling that our green-party is relatively pragmatic center-left ( so to the left of the greens in general and more pragmatic than the greens in general ) . 
  and habeck is the most progressive politicans i 'm aware of in german politics . 
  i also have the feeling he might personally prefer to go opposition and to take leadership of the greens party after the election because on a federal level they are tanking right now and he only lost the leadership election by a very slim margin - 0,22 % or so - and probably mostly due to him being less known . 
   so , the greens wo n't colligate with fdp and cdu ? 
  fdp and greens are cool but the greens prefer spd ( and wanted to keep their existing coalition ) . 
  the fdp prefers the cdu . 
  possible coalitions are cdu/fdp/greens , cdu/spd and spd/greens/fdp . 
  i think if the spd would n't have performed so poorly the later would have been locked but the fdp leader commented that he saw this as the voters deciding against our current minister . 
  the greens leader said he wants progressive politics ( which is the last thing the cdu stands for ) ... 
  this is schleswig-holstein though . 
  they did a good job here and elections reafirmed them , i do n't see why there 's need to argue . 
   why are your greens like a cdu who likes trees and flowers ? 
  no , we 're not baw\u00fc . 
   just read it . 
  seems like you 're a communist , which does explain a lot about your comments . 
  as i said before , if every time someone tried to implement my preferred political ideology/economic system it ended up killing tens of millions of people , i 'd probably deny the examples were legitimate as well !, 
  ok , so apparently you ca n't read ... 
  i do n't have anything more to say . 
  have fun in your parrallel universe i guess . 
   national socialism is definitely an economic model , as is communism , and both of them are ideologies as well . 
  so what is the grand economic scheme of nazism ? 
   are you a communist yourself ? 
  if so i can understand why you would be so eager to distance yourself from the ussr and maoist china . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  if you can try to read my top level post again . 
   every country where someone has ever attempted to implement it . 
  ussr , china , etc. 
  denying these are communism because they did n't succeed is like denying wwii germany was nazist because they did n't succeed . 
  nazism is no economic model . 
  nazism is an ideology . 
  it was implemented as soon as hitler was f\u00fchrer . 
  and no : none of these countries were ever a communist society . 
  it does n't get less wrong if you repeat it . 
  there is no objectivevity in the media . 
  you can try to present both sides , but i 'd still rather hear both sides from some of their leading outlets ( even though it 's often painful to listen to all the bullshit ), 
   no you know exactly which countries i mean and you know exactly what i 'm arguing . 
  no honestly , i do n't know a country where communism has been implemented . 
  you 'll have to tell me .
