  pence is an establishment republican . 
  he would only attract republicans and probably not even all moderate republicans because he 's a hardliner himself . 
  to most independents he will seem shitty enough , that they 'll vote for almost anyone other than him . 
   that 's one of the plus sides of trump . 
  the biggest positives about trump : - he 's not pence - he 's not ted cruz, 
  that 's east germany for you ( the part of germany that generally has the least refugees btw ) . 
  no real reason to be surprised . 
   that 's not even the problem with the electoral college imo , it 's the fact our vote does n't matter that 's true but not for the reason you cite . 
  it depends on the state if your vote matters and on the election . 
  if you live in california , texas , alabama , etc. 
  you might aswell have stayed at home in the 2016 election because it was certain who was going to win there beforehand . 
  effectively more than half of the states do not matter . 
  the electoral college is technically not oblegated to vote what they are told but this has never changed the outcome of the election ever and in most circumstances it would be next to impossible to do . 
  so far 5 people who won the highest share of the popular vote have not become president though and on top of that the system discourages political engagement because you only matter if you live in a swing state . 
   destroying peoples property just shows you how dumb and dangerous these people are . 
  this is obviously already illegal and will be punished if the criminals are caught . 
  i really do n't see what people want and i somewhat doubt they know it themselves . 
  that 's not true . 
  we 're relatively pragmatic about this , political afiliation matters little , what matters is if they comitted a crime . 
  tbh , i doubt it . 
  the majority of germans has concerning views regarding privacy is my experience . 
  we 're still very much a conservative country and not a liberal one like the scandiavian countries or the netherlands . 
  there is vocal opposition though , make no doubt about that . 
  oh and hamburg probably had an impact but what i 'm saying is , that i doubt it 's that huge . 
  even without hamburg , the majority would still stand by this is my guess . 
   meanwhile data storage and similar causes huge uproar which is why after the recent laws concerning this the grand coalition is trailing in the polls ... oh wait , they 're excactly as strong as in 2013 ... 
  this is about specifics though , not about abstract law . 
  in reality only a mere 2 parties have ever been banned ( the srp - followup of the nsdap - and the kpd , the old communist party ) in germany and that was in a much more uncertain time where i can actually understand the bans . 
  the parties were likewise banned because they were directly associated with the downfall of the weimar republic . 
  banning a party today is an entirely different thing and would only strengthen the positions of extremists and polarize society further . 
  why do my fellow countrymen have to be such idiots ? 
  i do n't want to trade in my freedoms because old people are being scared by the news . 
  i ca n't answer this question without my lawyer . 
   that particular sport is very popular in denmark and when the national team is playing it is shown on the public tv stations . 
  yes , i 'm aware of that ( which is why i guessed it ) but i was obviously not in denmark at that time . 
   how often are elections to the european parliament held ? 
  any european has as good a shot as a dane at answering this . 
  and the `` when did this happen '' questions you could reason your way to based on a little knowledge of european history . 
  women 's right to vote should be obvious if you knew that denmark is one of the most progressive european countries and when other european nations got it ( germany in 1919 for instance ) . 
  when the un was founded is common knowledge and has nothing to do with being danish . 
  the nordslesvig question you should know if you know about 1864 and ww i. 
  in theory it 's frankly about the same as asking about alsace-lorraine . 
  it 's the same kind of story ( a territory conquered by germany in the wars of german unification and lost after ww i ) . 
  the artists i can imagine are hard for someone with little exposure to danish culture and even to some danes themselves who prefer to ignore culture . 
  though the question about olsen-banden is easy if you 're into film ( because 2 of the directors offered as answers are very famous and have definitely not directed it ) . 
  i do n't necesarilly think that a question about sport is unfair but just asking which gold medal they won in the last olympic games is really random . 
  then at least ask about the european football championship of 1992 or something that is a little more established . 
  i actually got both the sculptor and the handball correct based on a qualified guess . 
  i knew denmark has a good handball team and i knew that if the guy were a poet or a composer i would have heard of him . 
   well , handball is quite popular and denmark yeah , that 's what i figured so i actually got it correct based on frequently having heard that the danish national handball team is really good . 
  based on my understanding of danish craze about sports i can actually sort of understand it but i still do n't think it fair ( and it seems like the odd one out among these questions ) . 
  there is one fatal flaw in this : it will only work as long as the russians do not have a pact with the monguls . 
  32 points , passed ( but i went to a danish school and took the original danish one you linked so i would hope so ) . 
  or  in which of the following olympic events did denmark win a gold medal at the summer olympics in rio de janeiro in 2016 ? 
  i have to follow the olympic games to become a danish citizen ? 
  what is this , are they testing if i 'm interested in sports or if i 'm aware of danish traditions and culture ? 
  i could totally see danes only being willing to take people who are interested in sports though , felt almost like the next question was going to be : `` which team is better , br\u00f8ndby or fck '' . 
   sorry , but in that regard , you are just wrong . 
  due to crimea and current situation in ukraine , proxy border conflict and annexation is a valid concern . 
  you mean anexation of the entirety of ukraine , right ? 
  i think putin is cautious enough to avoid this . 
  after causing such a big stir with crimea i would expect putin knows that all eyes are on him and the region . 
  i do n't really see what he expects to gain either . 
  the population of crimea is actually majority russian ( 58 % as opposed to less than 25 % ukrainians ) , wheter the majority of them support the annexation is very uncertain because the referendum is n't trustworthy but it 's at least reasonable that people there would still be a lot more supportive of it than the rest of ukraine . 
  if putin should annex the rest of ukraine he would probably unleash an entirely new wave of terrorism in russia ( there is already nationalist terrorism now but this would be on an entirely different level ) and as opposed to the annexation of crimea , i do n't excactly think the people would love him for it either ( at least not after they experienced the hot mess this would cause ) . 
   maybe , because of ` investments ' like nord stream 2 ? 
  maybe , it 's hard to say . 
   could it be that we started it with ukraine and quite strong invitation and support for them joining eu ? 
  certainly but people generally do n't like when you imply that . 
  the article would have you a far right or far left loony ( granted they talk about nato , not eu ) :  from the extreme left to the hard right , germany has lots of them . 
  they often combine varying degrees of anti-americanism with ** a belief that russia in recent years has only been reacting to years of nato provocation ** . 
   nobody is willing to go to war with russia !, 
  i think you 're certainly underestimating some people ( especially some americans ) but the general population is n't willing to do it , true enough . 
  however what i 'm worried about is what consistently antagonizin russia could lead into . 
  we wo n't go to war now or tomorrow but in 10 to 15 years everything will look different and we might once earn what we sow . 
   and i believe it 's a valid concern nowadays . 
  certainly . 
  i 'm not saying we should be lenient against what russia does against us , just that we have to remember not to shoot beyond the goal . 
   ok . what did you meant by `` to go it 's own path '' ? 
  did you meant to strongly decide to either just block any economical connections with russia or do n't at all ? 
  open to hearing more on that topic . 
  i was rather meaning that we should n't just blindly step behind america like we did since ww ii ( not to say we should n't maintain good relation , just not follow them into stuff like iraq and perhaps even consider sanctioning them for that ) . 
  for instance macron talked about working with russia in syria , that 's the kind of stuff i want . 
  but all this only work if we have a united europe . 
  as for sanctions , i think it 's a difficult debate . 
  i can see both sides but i 'm leaning towards them not being particularly useful . 
  afterall trade is usually what binds nations closer together and helps avoiding situations like this but after something like crimea we ca n't just pretend like nothing happened either . 
  neither solution is particularly appealing . 
   in the same post where you reject objective morality ( conception of good and bad ) you appeal to it when talking about `` leading better lives . '', 
  i was saying we should further the narrative , not that you can objectively prove we do lead better lives . 
   you berate people for a narrative that portrays russia as evil . 
  implicit in that is the idea that there is a good narrative and a bad one or a better one . 
  there is another narrative which we would find would lead to results we would find preferable - is what i actually imply . 
  but in common sense we would just call it a better narrative , yeah , but not an objectively better one . 
  it 's like when i say : `` the dark side of the moon is the best album of all time '' , in that case i 'm not saying that it 's objectively the best album of all time but that i subjectively think it is , like i do subjectively ( but with arguments ) say that there is a better narrative . 
  wheter anyone finds my proposal agreeable is his/her choice . 
  the impact of narratives on our modern lives is certainly worrysome though ( not like narratives were n't impactfull before but back then they did n't travel so fast ) . 
   this is always the problem with all kinds of relativists . 
  i 'm not a relativist , i 'm a theist . 
  you say that like being an absolutist would be great ?
