  x ] on this point i 'm actually almost certain that we will , the only thing uncertain is what will the cost of transition be and to what new world will it take us ? 
  eventually oil will just be no more profiteable , at the very last when we 've run out of it and eventually poisoning the enviroment will also be no more profiteable , at the very last when we all start to die . 
   i get the idea of doing a bit of a loose federation , kinda ala usa , but i think there 's too heavy an historical past to get past it . 
  also , the eu was made from the top down and i do n't think people wil lever relate with the `` supranational '' level enough to do what you 're proposing . 
  we have an excellent historical foundation to build upon . 
  the ammount of divisions in europe are actually really small . 
  we are historically devided between the romans and the germanic/slavic folk , between early and late industrialisation , mercantilism and feudalist agriculture , catholicism and protestantism & between western enlightenment thinking and eastern darkage . 
  and i think on most of these levels we can easily reach a compromise . 
  the world wars actually do n't matter much , germany 's relations on a culutral level with poland and france are fine for instance ( economic relations are questionable but that would be superficial change ) . 
  germany and france have certainly lived from the same culture ever since the renaissance ( and benelux , austria and switzerland should be added aswell ) , or at the very least in a culture that was built on constant exchange . 
  the uk , italy , spain and portugal i 'd say are also connected to that network and scandinavia , while very rural had it 's connection aswell . 
  the only cultural integrative problems are with the eastern countries of europe which lived in a medieval darkage for a much , much longer time , probably mainly because they were landlocked and not sandwiched between regions of cultural prosperity ( like switzerland between germany and italy ) and also partly because of what happened after the world wars . 
  i do n't think it 's a secret that if the east german parts that are distributed among poland and russia today , would have stayed german , they 'd be more closely linked to western european culture ( and presumably also more prosperous ) than they actually are today . 
  kant for instance was born in k\u00f6nigsberg , back then it was the prussian capital , today it 's quite hard to sense the past cultural grandeur . 
  it 's a long and complicated story with wars and more wars but it does n't take a genius to see that we share an incredible cultural proximity . 
  the prime problem that shakes this solidarity is that we always talk about it in terms of strong and weak . 
  we say we must help greece because they ca n't handle it otherwise and then we start to seem them as inferior . 
  what we really should do is to look at each other on eye-level and then europe follows all by itself . 
  if we all build a narrative of national supperiority it wo n't work , however if we can aknowledge that homer and plato came from greece , that dante came from italy , that shakespeare came from the uk and that goethe came from germany but that they 're all the fathers of our modern civilisation despite speaking different languages , we 're halfway there already . 
  we need to unite through culture , not through politics . 
  but if we have cultural unity ( or rather cultural convergence ) , politics will follow suit . 
  for instance we need a cinema of europe again . 
  we had that in the past , tons of european collaborations between the eastern block countries and the western block countries , making really big movies that could compete with the usa . 
  today we have in large part lost that ideal and surrendered our market to the us but there is no good reason why . 
  we have 2x their people and 10x their culture , that should be enough to make better movies . 
  and this goes through the entire cultural production basicly . 
  in my estimation those are the forces that will unite europe . 
  reality check : macron said that if status quo remains there will be frexit . 
  if we get frexit the eu is dead and the treaties will matter shit then . 
  what i 'm saying is : the only alternative to changing the eu is disbanding it . 
  if the members reach no agreement between themselves we will have a new union of states that can find an agreement pretty soon . 
  naaaaaaah , power politics still play a role in europe today . 
  the treaties are more flexible than people assume . 
  unless a major player leans up against it , i do n't see what they plan to do . 
  if france , germany , spain , italy & portugal forge a deal together i do n't really know what the other countries plan to do . 
  and apart from that you could combine tax harmonisation with altered spening . 
  or you could set up a more flexible tax harmonisation with only a basic eu tax and then some room for countries to decide themselves . 
  the options are either a reform of the eu or disbanding it and possibly restarting it from scratch . 
  there is n't much choice and it 's honestly much more intuitive and less problematic than people think in the long run . 
  we only need to see a clear incentive and we 'll be running towards europa . 
  unless le pen , may & co. suddenly come up with a masterplan , people will see that their approach is a failure and if the eu finally learns to democraticize their process , the euroskeptics will lose their arguments ... 
   my friends that know a little bit about china do n't seem to fear that the red dragon is going to take over any time soon . 
  there is some truth in that . 
  their demographics are on a verge of massive change . 
  they will soon also be an old society . 
  however their gdp ( ppp ) is the highest in the world already today . 
  i mainly meant an economic crisis ( a job and influence crisis to be specific as a result of the globally unchained financial markets ) btw but there are different other crisis that are much more important than china , for instance a potential massive refugee influx from africa or rising sea levels . 
  thing is : you ca n't handle a global crisis alone . 
  the chinese will have a way to meaningful transition , luxembourg alone wo n't . 
  i am btw for a smaller and a bigger state at the same time . 
  i want more local and direct influence but also a solid framework around europe . 
  this would really mean distributing many of the nation-state competences between the eu and regional governments , effectively making regional governments stronger , national governments weaker and the eu government stronger . 
  for instance we need some form of tax harmonisation if we want a way forward . 
  and we need a state that can stand up against apple , google & co. because in any case i still trust the eu more than big companies . 
  there might be an agreement soon . 
  as i understand it positions like macron holds them ( although to be honest macron copied that from melenchon , not that i hold it against him , i do n't care who does it as long as it 's done ) become more and more widely spread . 
  even schulz might be on macron 's line on this . 
  even sch\u00e4uble said he 'd vote macron ( in first round even ) , although i doubt they 're on the same wavelength in this matter . 
  i think the fractures that happened from the 2008 crisis onward are too big to fix that soon . 
  between austerity , the migrant crisis and brexit i do n't think even the best natured version of the eu stands a chance of becoming more united ... well , we 're on our way into a massive crisis and crisis creates change . 
  i think there is a good chance that we will eventually see that we have more in common inbetween us than with the chinese , the us or the arab countries ( even right wing nationalists should essentially be able to understand that ) . 
  if we do not learn this , you might aswell start your chinese lessons today . 
  not really . 
  the euro is a much weaker currency than we 'd need right now which makes saving money problematic . 
  currently we actually invest quite a lot . 
  the euro fucks over keynes entire model if we do n't have a full union . 
  depends . 
  we also have elections this year . 
  it 's unlikely the current coalition will stop but other parties in germany do have a different line and even if the coalition is maintained , sch\u00e4uble is 74 years old ( they could probably find a replacement with the same positions but one can hope , eh ? 
  well , it 's either agree now or learn chinese in 10 years . 
  nah , i think the uk is vassal state # 1 . 
  germany has for a long time advocated for a stronger eu to be able to stand up against the us . 
  we have also commonly advocated for better relations with the east . 
  think willy brandt for instance or even steinmeier being against the russia sanctions . 
  on top of that germany has been pretty good at keeping out of wars . 
  i 'm not denying we 're a pretty big vassal but compared to the other eu countries , we 're among the more independent ones . 
  i 'm for instance partly dane , partly german and from my experience denmark is incredibly much more us oriented than germany . 
  probably also because germany is the most populous eu country . 
  we have the biggest interest in a powerblock between us and east . 
  merkel is very america oriented thogh , schr\u00f6der / kohl ( her 2 direct succesors ) were much less so . 
  they were some of the prime figures in shaping the eu . 
  merkel seems like she does n't care but maybe in that perspective trump is good because merkel will definitely have better relations with macron & co. than with trump . 
  perhaps trump could reinforce our will to build a strong and united europe ( we really need to kick out sch\u00e4uble though ) . 
   but how does his voice matter more than france/italy/spain / portugal all together ? 
  good question but honestly i got the feeling it does because germany is doing so `` well '' economically . 
  it would be fixable by a closer union with more eu authority . 
  if we 'd run a model like the united states that would fix many of the problems but it also seems very hard to implement in the eu because so many people are against it . 
   we need inflation !, 
  well , the problem is that we ( the nordic regions ) do n't need it . 
  different regions need different monetary value . 
  the entire euro thing was misimplemented . 
  the only solution is united states of europe or disbanding the euro . 
  inflation alone is n't a solution , it would simply shift the problems to other countries . 
  he 's also ferocious about a certain ww i event . 
  for hitler it was the versailes treaty , for erdogan it 's the armenian genocide . 
  but i mean you heard him , we are the nazis . 
   or are you suggesting , that germany and france should leave the single market ? 
  not my personal suggestion but a possibility . 
  macron already said that frexit will happen if the status quo is maintained . 
  yes , technically they are turkish soil but i got the impression that somehow german law can still prevent a vote there because it 's inside their territory .
