  thanks for the information . 
  i 'm happy that germany kept out of it though . 
  i meant this more as a general point . 
  i 'm only 20 so i never voted on who sits there now . 
  i 'll probably look it up come next elections . 
  angelsachsen is actually more like schleswig-holstein + niedersachsen ( and hamburg and bremen too ) . 
  so basicly : north and nort-western germany . 
  source : live there . 
   and it was not encouraged if saying you are willing to break eu laws is n't an encouragement i do n't know what is . 
   and african `` countries '' such as libya libya used to be the african country with the highest human development index , higher than multiple of the eastern eu members and higher than russia aswell . 
  today we have to put country in quote signs ... 
  thank you , usa ... 
   europe without the eu is the us . 
  not really . 
  the single countries have the benefit that politicians are checked better . 
  i have no idea who represents me in the eu and my fellow citizens have no clue either but most people know who sits in the parliament and who sits in the state parliaments ( at least the top politicians ) . 
  you might even know who governs your local district but with the eu , no idea . 
  when the spd ( in germany ) for instance does shady corrupt stuff , that 's a scandal and people hear about it ( of course not about everything ) . 
  in brussels ? 
  the solution would probably be the run europe a little more like the united states , increasing the powers of regional governments and the eu government , while decreasing the power of individual nations . 
  but there are a lot of problems with this for sure . 
  still you should critize them on their policy . 
   racism , homophobia racism and homophobia are not concerns of the political spectrum . 
  i would n't say it 's a full lose-lose . 
  macron 's plan is n't awful and depending on how the parliamentary elections go , macron might want to build a coalition with them ( other option would be with les republicans ) . 
  the negative is of course that macron offers little to fix grand problems . 
  he wants to tweak and modernize the economy a little and probably fuck the poor a little in the process ( he says he wants to do the lion part of saving money on modernizing and making stuff more effective but it kind of sounds like an empty promise ) . 
  the only hope you have with le pen is that she 'll fuck everything up so thoroughly that people like melenchon have a better shot next time . 
  le pen also wants to cut taxes but at the same time lower retirement age ( it 's a somewhat contradictory plan ) . 
  she also suggested to bring back capital punishment , that 's where flirting with disaster stops for me . 
  yes but to actual ( or some would rather say traditional ) left-wing people like melenchon the economy is the more important concern because it 's the ground work for all the social stuff . 
  you can see this in marx aswell for instance , he described himself as a materialist . 
  today people who claim to be on the left are often all about identity politics while totally neglecting economic concerns . 
  note : i do not mean to compare marx and melenchon in general , only on the basis that they are both traditional leftists . 
  melenchon 's eu plan is progressive though and he seems more progressive than the left in germany ( which is already one of our more progressive parties but only because they are all quite conservative ) but of course he has conservative/reactionary elements aswell . 
  what he says about germany has some truth in my eyes for instance but he caters completely to germany 's past which makes little sense . 
  macron 's plan is kind of progressive aswell but he also looks a little like hollande 2.0 . or like a french schr\u00f6der . 
   borderline-communists what the fuck is a borderline communist ? 
  `` yeah , we 'll organize society in commues ... on second thought : let 's mix it up a little , maybe each commune can make a football team for the borderline communist-cup because , you know , we 're not really communists but we also kind of are '' . 
  maybe they wo n't bother now because they think she wo n't win ? 
  if you are so mad about quotes why do n't you give me one where a head sovjetunion claims that the sovjetunion is communist ? 
   black piegon speaks ugh , that guy . 
  i thought one of his videos was kind of good and subbed , everything i saw then was absolutely terrible . 
  i 've seen the video you recommend . 
  it might have been the one that i thought was ok . germany 's main concern is that we are not a kid-friendly society . 
  we do generally have the problem that we have more old than young people . 
  sigh ... https://libcom.org/forums/theory/lenin-acknowledging-intentional-implementation-state-capitalism-ussr-23032011, 
   the problem now is there are too many migrants , all coming at once . 
  you just simply can not help and accommodate them all . 
  not really . 
  [ from 2014 to the end of 2016 there were 2,5 mio . 
  illegal border crossings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis#migrant_routes.2c_development.2c_and_responses_in_individual_countries ) . 
  the eu has 510 mio people ( europe has about 750 mio ) . 
  is less than 0,5 % of eu population ( and even lower numbers for total eu ) . 
  the problem is much more complex than the raw numbers . 
  we do easily have enough resources for such a relatively small number of people but there are tons of pollitical issues related to this . 
  the eu wo n't work together ( for that i blame merkel ) , there is major backlash in the population , there is n't enough planning on how to integrate people well ( which can drive them to crime ) , some of their culture is at odds with western culture and there are some general problems in our job market . 
   automation is already going to replace many low skilled workers , what can all these people do to help themselves in the west ? 
  automation is another `` problem '' . 
  if automation goes as far as some progonisis show , there is no way around a basic income or a total change of society . 
   and when the war is over , god knows when , are these people going back ? 
  when the war is over . 
  at least that should be the goal . 
  syria needs people to rebuild their country aswell . 
   actually , that 's about the only thing f\u00e9lix faure is remembered for ... 
  i 'd say it 's probably one of the better ways to be remembered . 
  yeah , i know but that was like half his age still . 
  i agree . 
  i did not intend to defend the annexation comment , from what i 've read i do not like melenchon 's language in that book . 
  i only meant to say that this might be where he is coming from . 
  these are historic quotes goddamn . 
  have n't you been to history class ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_capitalism or try this and look at the classifications of soviet economy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_soviet_union, 
   i 'll need a source for staline and the like saying it was n't communism ok , source : they never once said it was communism . 
  lenin called it state capitalism . 
  later after lenin 's death stalin said it was socialism but that seemed incredibly half-hearted already and lenin would have probably not agreed . 
  i do n't think you understand what i 'm saying . 
  it is ** factually not communism ** . 
  and even the very people who led those regimes did n't claim that it was communism . 
  apart from that i said that i do not think communism works and you still accuse me of believing in rotten fairy tales . 
  i do n't think your comment makes a lot of sense . 
   there is n't even massive support in favor of getting rid of it . 
  i 'm not either . 
  as i said , the conditions are much worse than in the west . 
  i used it as an example of persisting problems . 
   citation needed . 
  i do n't think there is a citation . 
  it 's an interpretation of his actions that i think many people would agree with . 
  basicly to want to become a chancellor ( or president in other countries ) i think you have to be a little mad and a little bit of an egomaniac . 
  i have never seen a `` philosopher king '' who did it only as a burden . 
  maybe some came to the office more naturally than others , when it was offered to them to run but i think that 's the rariety . 
  anyhow you would never admit that you do something like that for your personal ego . 
  i 'm quite confident that there is no citation that could prove it , at best a few that might suggest it a little . 
   it 's almost like this should n't be a footnote but the main explanation . 
  sometimes it 's a good thing that overall petty squabbles like `` does this cost a few more bucks ? '', 
  are n't put above simply doing the right thing : in this case the will of the people to unite peacefully . 
  it 's not the money , we should probably spend much more . 
  it 's the fabric of the eastern society that is entirely dismantled . 
  it was built for a different way of life that does not exist anymore today and we are only left behind with the wasteland , so that slowly ghost towns start to emerge . 
  i think that 's a very scary enviroment for people to live in - and it shows in how they are voting , it shows in crime rates , it shows in demographics and it shows in extremism .
