   even though we tend to think we pronounce our language very clearly , or `` as it is written '' , and that danes just skip half the letters , that 's not really the case . 
  we just have very different phonologies . 
  i ca n't really comment on that . 
  i 'm from northern germany and in the danish minority we speak danish in a way that seems less touched by the way the danish speak it ( it 's probably also closer to how it 's written with maybe a slight german accent ) . 
  i 've already encountered danes where i had myself think : `` wait , this is supposed to be my mothertongue ? '' . 
  however that might have just been a specific accent ( some german accents can be hard to understand at first aswell but you get used to it ) , as usually i understand it just fine . 
  it 's kind of a relief to hear a swede say they ca n't understand danish . 
  danish is one of my mothertongues and when swedes talk really fast it seems like suddenly there 's no relation between danish and swedish anymore . 
  however with slower pronounciations ( like in bergman 's films ) , it 's usually fine , although there will always be words i ca n't understand . 
  yeah , i agree , intounchables was ok ( actually better than i expected but my expectations were rather low ) but i did n't think it was particularly special . 
  my favorite film is the green ray from 1986 . 
   at least stronger than they have ever been in a long time the strongest they 've been since the nsdap . 
  well , accoring to the political compas ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/germany2013 ) all but 2 of our major parties are on the right ( piraten have faded into irrelevance ) and the right parties will probably get 80 + % of the vote . 
  however if you mean the afd , they will probably be the 3rd strongest party . 
  they get a lot of support but compared to other similar european parties it 's quite restrained ( they are polling 15 % lower than front national for instance , at about 11 % currently i believe ) . 
  they get the support because of the refugee/imigrant crisis , there is no other answer . 
  before they were below 5 % and practically irellevant . 
   martin schulz is balding and ugly wtf nah , remember who previously held his position and reconsider . 
  nah , no need to be modest , danish cinema is maybe at the best it has ever been ( or at least it 's highpoint was post 1990 ) with lots of internationally renowned director and actors . 
  granted with 5-6 million people , you wo n't have that much variety in terms of actors unless you just pick them up from the street . 
  yeah , it would be great to have more awareness around the great things that are getting made ( or even the flawed but worthwhile original stuff ) . 
  for instance i always thought * die innere sicherheit * was thought of as a minor classic here in germany but it 's extremely obscure in reality and that 's sad because it 's a very good film . 
  i think in the 60 's and 70 's ( and then dragging into the early 80 's ) we had something which looked like a recovery of cinema ( with people like herzog , fassbinder , wenders , schl\u00f6ndorf , etc. 
  and also some smaller productions like die endlose nacht ) but that kind of faded away with fassbinder dying it seems . 
  fassbinder also made an internationally respected science fiction film ( a big rariety in germany ) with welt am draht btw , it 's quite 70 's but still very original and well made . 
  otherwise we also had films like alice in den st\u00e4dten , der amerikanishce freund , aguirre , der zorn gottes , die br\u00fccke ( admittedly from '59 but close enough ) , drei haseln\u00fcsse f\u00fcr aschenbr\u00f6del , fitzcarraldo , jeder f\u00fcr sich und gott gegen alle , angst essen seele auf , die blechtrommel , berlin alexanderplatz ( a tv-miniseries but still ) , die ehe der maria braun . 
  however they 're all from the 70 's or the early 80 's . 
  der himmel \u00fcber berlin is actually my favorite german film , it 's from 1987 and it seems afterwards german cinema seriously slowed down in putting out worthwhile films . 
  the next great one i can think of is probably lola rennt from 1998 but that 's 11 years ... 
  you have the dardenne bros at least . 
  two days , one night was great . 
  yeah , love arte 's filmselection and at this point i 've probably seen more french than german films despite not speaking the language . 
  even my favorite film is french . 
  i wish germany would get it 's shit together sometime but it seems like germans generally care less for art than the french . 
  i 've always wondered if that 's really a cultural thing or just my impression . 
  yeah , our film funds are kind of like `` vetternwirtschaft '' , you need to be friends with the right people to get the funds and we also do n't invest pasrticularly much ( france has 3/4 of our population and double the budget and a 10 times more relevant industry - and they are also a bigger market ... despite less people ... ) . 
  for the past 20 years or so even denmark has been much more relevant when it comes to cinema . 
  what i dislike most about german cinema is that since the 90 's the only relevant stuff we seem to make are historical dramas ( with few exceptions ) . 
  and that is despite weimar-cinema being the melting pot most genres originated from . 
  back then there were big horror films like nosferatu , big fantasy productions like nieblungen or faust and even the biggest sci-fi prodution for multiple decades with metropolis ( and on top of that we even made great ** contemporary ** dramas ) . 
  in the 20 's i do n't think any other country could hold a candle to german cinema but soon afterwards germany was screwed pretty badly . 
  nazis had no clue about great art ( riefenstahls docs are good though ) . 
  however lately there have been victoria and toni erdman , both completely contemporary and highly original ( and toni erdman is even a comedy , something germany does n't excactly excel at ) . 
  i have n't seen either yet and 2 films do n't mean a revolution but maybe we are slowly moving in a different direction . 
  phoenix ( 2014 ) was also great but it 's a historical post wwii drama ( but very intelligent and original ) . 
  well , that 's my point . 
  i can see why they continue from the neighbouring countries . 
  however many of these problems could be solved if we really concentrated our efforts on that . 
  massively improving conditions in turkey , iraq and israel is possibly a little out of reach ( although the west made the problems in israel and iraq ) . 
  it would help though if we would n't make deals with dicators and if we would n't have had an extremely onesided view of israel for decades ( the us at least - and i 'm aware obama took a different approach which i also do not 100 % agree with ) . 
  however you practically only need to give lebanon and jordan money and that would help a lot already . 
  i do n't really see our leaders stopping to suck up to the gulf countries in the near future , just look at mr. trump 's travel ban , he banned iran and not saudi arabia ( i do n't think he should have banned any country but iran was the most unreasonable inclusion and saudi arabia the most unreasonable exclusion ) ... obviously the gulf states would be a good match though . 
  good post btw . 
  yes , i 'm absolutely sure . 
  i like cider even less , it 's way too sugary . 
  i would possibly enjoy less sugary cider ( as i like apples a lot ) but not the kind they drink in denmark/sweden . 
   i believe the same is true for bombed out countries . 
  yes , that 's why people flee . 
  i do n't really seee your point . 
   second , if every member state would have taken a fair share of refugees the crisis would have been much easier to handle if . 
  merkel 's policies made that much , much less probable and that 's my problem with her , she disrupted the trust in the european union . 
  they worsened the climate between the states in the eu and now other eu states are less likely to do something . 
  that 's what i meant when i said she worsened the situation . 
  i 'm basicly saying that merkel 's approach made the involvement of other countries less likely and you say that if other countries would have been involved , it would have been easier to handle , where do we disagree ? 
   you think someone facing death because of the consequences of war shouldn \u00b4 t be able to apply for asylum ? 
  i think that \u00b4 s wrong , and i think that there are even examples in germanys history . 
  where do you get that from ? 
  i think ideally they should be able to apply for asylum in the ( safe ) state they first get to . 
   there are already enough selfish bricks in the eu . 
  i actually think merkel 's policies massively worsened the situation and i do n't think it 's inconceivable that this was the final scale that tipped brexit . 
  she basicly subverted european law and then afterwards she expected other countries to help her . 
  that was n't very popular with other countries and an extremely disruptive and insensible act in my opinion . 
  well , you get money from the state if you study . 
  there are a couple of rules about it , but that 's basicly it . 
  well , imo merkel should have done nothing alone . 
  with greece and italy having big problems a european solution would have been much more likely . 
  after merkel took in the refugees other countries basicly said `` screw you '' . 
  i think her intentions might have been honest aswell , i still think that her actions were a total trainwreck though . 
   but i wouldn \u00b4 t risk my life for only economic reasons . 
  `` only economic reasons '' ? 
  you say it like that 's something one could just shrug of as nothing . 
  servere poverty can mean death . 
  i find it perfectly understandable that you would risk your life to get away from there but you 're not technically fleeing war anymore . 
  i do n't say that to deligitimize the fleeing people but to stress that we should take a different approach , that seeks to help reugees as soon as they have fled their country because right now we pay anyway , we just wait until they come to us . 
  why not start earlier ? 
  the refugees that are here now are obviously here and we have to make the best of it . 
  however i 'm not a fan of the overall narative . 
  i 'm all in favor of saving people and making life better allover the world but then i 'd like a concentrated international effort that seeks to help all refugees and not just the selected group that gets to europe ( getting to europe is often connected to having money , being a young man or to sheer `` luck '' ) . 
  and i 'd also like to tackle certain problems ( the reasons people are fleeing ) at their root . 
  no , we practically do n't have them ( the uk has a few i think ) . 
  but universities are often tuition free ( it differs from country to country ) . 
  denmark even pays you to study . 
  search for local restaurants ( maybe not in london though ) away from the tourist heavy areas ( this will save you money and taste better ) . 
  rome : visit the vatican ( and go into st. peters dome ) , go to the roman forum ( the antique ruins in the middle of the city ) , you do n't want to miss the colloseum either but i actually found the other 2 more exciting . 
  be prepared for some people not speaking english or only poor english ( obviously not aimed at london but at the other 2 ) . 
  the cdu has dropped by about 10 % though ... 
  her party definitely loses a lot of power ( and i do n't think they will have much less inner division than before ) . 
  the afd wo n't get enough votes to be in any discussion on forming government but they will be in the parliament and vote in favor of hardline-conservative stuff , while they 'll might what tips the scale in blocking a progressive proposal . 
  it 's small change but not insignificant . 
  i 'm not even so sure anymore if merkel will win .
