  if they go to turkey for instance they could vote tough . 
   then we can periodically show or might by getting into wars nah , i 'm rather feeling the anschluss ... 
  well , the tax competition is really only a race to the bottom . 
  if we keep the current system without further integration we ( which likely includes me and you too if you 're not too old ) will wittness a world without middle class . 
  it 's kind of funny how macron now suddenly adopts melenchon 's positions . 
  he even mentioned that the status quo would inevitably lead to fn and frexit in another interview already which made the media look really silly ( if they 're for real i 'd like them to call macron an eu-skeptic or - enemy now aswell ) . 
  hopefully he will actually do something about it . 
  at least he adressed it in a somewhat serious manner but it still sounds a little like talking points to sway voters . 
  hopefully he will then actually be able to work together with melenchon on this . 
  yes but if your ensurance company has interests in your home not being taken by an authoritarian regime , they might still have an interest in covering your ass ( just imagine your situation lol , i see them in front of my eyes claiming your burnt down house as their mini-country within an other country ) . 
  simply because : `` people that do n't want into our union but are otherwise ok ''  `` authoritarian dictators '', 
  did n't merkel just break the dublin-treaty ( lol about the context ) concerning refugees ? 
  it simply depends on the situation . 
  treaties can always be broken . 
  for instance in 1935 hitler remilitarized the rhine-land and stocked up his army beyond the allowed 100.000 . 
  what did the allies do ? 
  in response ? 
  they let hitler take austria and gave him chechoslowakia on a silver plate ( they gave hitler the zone that was their defensive belt and then hitler blitz-invaded the rest ) . 
  literally all of this broke with the versailles treaty . 
  and if he would n't have invaded poland aswell there would have been no problemo . 
  now obviously i 'm not necesarilly for breaking treaties . 
  i think you should change them instead . 
  however if that 's not possible because countries with less than 1 % of eu population veto the shit out of you ... yeah , you get the idea ... 
  the big states are the market . 
  if companies want to sell their stuff there ( from ireland for instance ) they 'll have to pay customs as long as the coutnry they 're selling from is not part of the agreement . 
  i do n't necesrilly know if it 's a good idea but small countries rely heavily on their neighbours so they 'll think twice about not joining such a union if the big players want in . 
  in the end they 'll have to pay their share anyway to get access to the market ( in one way or the other ) but if they 're not in the close union they will have less to say . 
  that 's why point # 2 should be redistribution to/investment in the countries that do the worst . 
   the situation where macrosoft pays microtax is over :-), 
  thing is : with the euro it 's not down to themselves . 
  the euro makes them much less competitive than they 'd be otherwise . 
  sure , i made the netherlands point myself actually because it 's among the larger countries in the eu . 
  but not considering luxembourg small sounded kind of ridiculous . 
  i do n't really know if it 's a shift in continental europe . 
  as far as i 'm concerned the alde party in the netherlands was always huge ( and even shrunk this election ) because netherlands in general leans a lot in that direction historically ( they just love themselves their free trade ) . 
  and even in denmark venstre never got less than 10 % ever . 
  even scoring 34 % in their very first election in 1910 . 
  venstre also shrunk in the last election btw . 
  i do n't know as much about the other countries but i do n't really think it 's a general movement , more of a natural occurence concerning the current situation in france . 
  in germany the fdp ( our alde party ) actually fell off from the parliament for the very first time since ww ii after the last election . 
  they 're on track to get back in but currently polls suggest they 'll be the smallest party in the parliament ( greens and afd are on a downward trend though ) . 
  so i do n't see a trend in europe , really . 
  i think if anything macron rides on the populist wave . 
  luxembourg is really small . 
  it 's smaller than the german state i live in and that 's already one of the smaller states ... 
  likewise germany has 8 citites with a higher population . 
  denmark is quite small aswell . 
  i know the different areas of denmark better than the areas in germany despite never having lived in denmark . 
  [ netherlands is the 8th most populated state in the eu ... ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_rutte ), 
   so what i see now is macron attacking ireland 's 12.5 % corporate rate while french startups beg for a more dynamic and affordable business environment . 
  he should not impose the failing french tax policies on the eu . 
  he wants to lower them to 25 % already ( which is close to the average of the countries that do well ) . 
  if you combine that with an spending program in the countries that do worse , everyone would be fine . 
  in fact even ireland has a 25 % corporate tax on non-trading income already . 
  you can check eu tax rates [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_in_europe ), 
  actually a good idea if he implements it in the right way ( i.e. 
  by not lowering the average tax in eu countries ) . 
  i wonder how he will do it though . 
  no , kohl 's projects were europe and economics reforms . 
  the reunification would have been lafontaine 's project . 
  kohl just stumbled into it . 
  i could imagine much worse than merkel ( in fact from the cdu/csu i could almost only imagine worse ) but she 's not leading , she 's balancing . 
  her 2 biggest acts of leadership were the planned stop of nuclear power ( and perhaps her energy politics in general ) and the refugee crisis . 
  the former i think was good ( she could have been more energetic about it but it 's nice that our energy politics actually changed ) , the later was a disaster . 
  apart from that she has no vision at all for the future , she 's just chancellor to be chancellor . 
  just about all our previous chancellors ( at least those that lasted for a few years ) stood for some concrete plan or vision in politics . 
  they wanted to design the world . 
  merkel wants it as it is . 
  she just waits and watches in which way public opinion weighs ( and then she readjusts it slightly to cdu standards ) . 
  a german philosopher ( r.d. 
  precht ) said that in the future we will look at the merkel years as lost years and also that it probably was a bad career-choice for her to seek the position again . 
  i agree completely with him and i think that the next 4 years of merkel ( as she will likely win ) will probably stand as the worst period in her career . 
  right now we need a leader with a plan , not one with a set of axioms to provide stability and dominance . 
  merkel 's worst legacy will be that she split the eu ( both with her financical approach and with her refugee politics ) , while our former chancellors all helped to build it up . 
  sure , taxes should be applied in the right place but taxing the rich and corperations is really hard in a global financical market if you only have local governments . 
  i am for establishing a system that would allow higher taxes on the rich btw , not for over-burdening the poor and middle-class with taxes . 
   yeah , sure . 
  problem is : there 's no money to do that our society is as rich as never before . 
  if you maintain the problem is , that there is no money it will look excactly the same in 10 years even if we get even richer . 
  the problem is that there is not enough unity . 
  it 's hard to tax the rich more if other countries do n't follow suit . 
  lol, 
  it 's not free money . 
  it 's tax money . 
  in most models it would probably go hand in hand with more taxes ( but then you get a significant chunk back , maybe more than the raise , depending on how rich you are ) . 
   ( less complex , more idealistic ? ), 
  macron was the guy with the super vague plan and `` with the looks '' ( i mean seriously , i saw a comparison in german media with justin bieber , do n't the youngsters like that ? ) . 
  melenchon 's plan was actually incredibly expansive . 
  there 's no reason for ageism . 
  old people are stupid just like young people and there are pragamtic reasons to vote macron and melenchon ( hell , even le pen ) , it just depends on your outlook ( i would assume though that the vast majority of le pen votes are n't that conciderate ) . 
  ## #fptp, 
  no , they 're not the sed . 
  after the one-party-system ended , the sed was reformed into a democratic party , the pds ( `` party of democratic socialism '' ) and the personel changed . 
  then in 2005 they formed a union with the west-german party wasg and that 's linke . 
  further they are not anti-capitalist , that 's merely one out of 6 main wings of the party . 
  i like all of these ideas . 
  another advantage of # 2 is that politicians have to represent people in all countries . 
  i want the ** eu government and the regional governments to have more say , the national governments to have less say ** . 
  combined with some systemic reforms this would swtich the focus of people on the eu government . 
  the current problem of the eu government is n't so much intransparency or unelected officials , it 's that nobody blody damn cares what the eu is doing anyway ( and if you elect officials without checks and balances that 's not democracy but elected tyrany ) .
