  these parts of germany have been left behind . 
  stalin later claimed they were socialist after only a few years . 
  it seemed very half-hearted . 
  if your point was that that 's what people say , sure . 
  however you were very suggestively dismissing these peoples point without providing any counter-argument , only these little guys : '' - to suggest your passive dismissal . 
  so if i 'm just proving your point you agree that communism never existed ? 
   i can only talk about my situation as a student in france , but way too many people my age think communism is a good thing . 
  the few debates i tried to have were met with the usual answers : - `` look at history '' - `` but it was n't ` real ' communism '' . 
  you know that communism is an utopia right ? 
  saying it 's not a good thing is kind of ridiculous even if you do not believe in it . 
  we did in fact never have communism in any major state . 
  maybe in some mini community somewhere in the amazon or i do n't know but never on a remotely large scale . 
  i do n't believe communism is possible but try to read how communism is supposed to look and then compare that with the sovjetunion for christ sake . 
  even the sovjetunion themselves did not claim to be communist . 
   after the german chancellor in december 2014 described reform efforts so far in france and italy as insufficient , m\u00e9lenchon told merkel through twitter : `` shut your mouth , mrs. merkel !, 
  france is free . '', 
  not gon na lie : this is hillarious . 
  i imagine melenchon high on pot and then flying away like a bird . 
   this is some shit you would expect in the comment section under a conspiracy theory video on youtube , but not from a candidate for french presidency . 
  absolute madness nah , look at the others . 
  it 's not like the bar is high . 
   while i think the insults are out of line and unacceptable it 's the historical revisionism regarding germany annexing the gdr that actually pisses me off a lot more . 
  like , seriously . 
  a population was split in half for half a century and reunification is a sign of expansionism ? 
  it was n't the clever choice though . 
  look at east germany today . 
  we 're still paying `` solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag '' and no end seems in sight . 
  on top of that small east german towns are continuously dying as noone wants to live there . 
  keeping the gdr running as a separate ( but closely connected ) country and slowly working towards re-unification would have been the clever option . 
  the annexation point fits kohl a little i think . 
  he wanted to define himself through the unification ( good ol' german megalomania ) and payed little or no attention to the downsides . 
  it heavily reminds me of wilhelm ii 's prestige projects ( the colonies , the fleet , etc. ) . 
  however of course the people wanted it aswell . 
  telling them re-unification was n't the best option would have probably not have been understood . 
  this does not take into account that proceeding as usual is risky aswell considering all the problems the eu has right now and also considering that our financial system is at odds with physical laws ... 
  if the very survival of the eu is at stake , i suppose germany would be a bit more willing to compromise than usually . 
  ugh ... 3 points . 
  our refugee politics were awful ( merkel probably acted on best intentions but what she did was super inconsiderate and it backfired horribly ) . 
  i dislike such moralistic comments . 
  he is n't saying anything . 
  what does saving europe 's dignity even mean ? 
  dignity in the face of whome ? 
  maybe finally talk about the practicalities ? 
  this entire debate has been 90 % `` are refugees evil ? 
  yes or no ? '', 
  - that 's a below primary school level of comprehension and it 's been like this for almost 2 fucking years now . 
  can we please , please talk about what excactly the plans are for the future ? 
  you know stuff like how to get europe to work better together on this , how to integrate them as best as possible , how to prevent something like this in the future ( because right now i expect a real refugee crisis in max 20 years considering how well stuff goes in africa ) and about the future of syria maybe ? 
  well , say what you want . 
  if he does not endorse macron it 's a strategical move . 
  and besides : it 's not like he can command his voters to do anything . 
  according to the polls , no . 
  marine is on track to get 20 + % more than her daddy back then ( or more than 2x what he got in total ) . 
  she 'll ( very likely ) still lose comfortably but calling this a repeat is wrong imo , also considering everyone expected her to make 2nd round , which was not the case with her father in 2002 . 
   his voters are expected to split 1/3 , 1/3 , 1/3 between macro , le pen , and abstention . 
  source ? 
  nah , fillon looks like a douchebag . 
  now melenchon looks like a pirate or like [ napoleon in abel gance 's film ] ( https://1001filmstosee.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/tumblr_nnb3sq2gji1ut8brzo1_500.gif?w=342&amp;h=239 ), 
  one of their presidents died while getting a blowjob from some young girl and noone remembers that . 
  that 's more like it . 
  i like the french way though , why give a shit about who your president sleeps around with ? 
  it would be nice if they would stand up more against corruption though . 
   edit : for example , 538 had hillary winning wisconsin and michigan with a 84 % and 79 % chance respectively . 
  polls were heavily against trump there though . 
  considering trump was behind by 6,5 in wisconsin , 84 % sounds even a little generous . 
  i mean silver has to work with the data he has , he ca n't pull it out of his ass , no ? 
   are the stats only for salaried full time jobs ? 
  35h for germany sounds low . 
  i would expect not . 
  with schr\u00f6der we basicly did something that sounds eerily similar to what macron promises and as a result many of our jobs have been kind of devaluated . 
  unemployment is very low but many people work in shit jobs . 
  yeah , the the 90 % only applies to the highest bracket , excactly like in melenchon 's plan ( and then there are deductibles but i suppose you have them in france aswell ) ... 
  i was only trying to say that merely screaming out of fear at the 90 % rate is bullshit . 
  you can be for or against it , but it 's more complex than that ( like it was in eisenhower 's administration aswell ) . 
  more like macron beats melenchon beats fillon beats le pen there has n't been too much polling with melenchon since he only rose in polls recently but he beat fillon in every poll . 
  lol . 
  i mean we ( germany ) are almost as far away from a 35h week as you are from that 32h week . 
  besides : it 's not a good representation of how much you actually work because it 's not a rigid system . 
  according to [ this 2009 article in german ] ( https://www.welt.de/wirtschaft/article4224039/so-viele-stunden-arbeiten-die-europaeer-pro-woche.html ) you work 38,4 h and we work 40,4 h and lower worktime could lower unemployment ( which you right now have quite a bit ) . 
  in the long run we definitely need lower work times because jobs will vanish as we find digital ways to do them . 
  edit : found [ a 2015 article ] ( https://www.destatis.de/de/zahlenfakten/indikatoren/qualitaetarbeit/dimension3/3_1_woechentlichearbeitszeit.html ) , supposedly you work more than us . 
  i 'm not saying it 's necesarilly a good thing but everyone blows it completely out of proportion like melenchon rips the last shirt of rich people ( many people here on reddit say it 's either a 100 % tax or just say 90 % as if it would apply to all income ) . 
  and as i explained melenchon 's approach is different to hollande 's as he wants to stop tax evasion so you ca n't compare them 1 to 1 . 
  apart from that : look up eisenhower 's max tax rate ... 
  conservatives merely want to preserve one way of life . 
  often they idolize one specific time period like for instance 50 's america . 
  conservative can mean different things in different countries ( and even within the same country ) because the kind of culture they want to preserve can vary . 
  nixon for instance founded the epa as a conservative act , to conserve the enviroment . 
  conservative does often collude with the right but it 's not equal . 
  for instance our left party in germany is also relatively conservative ( they idolize the 70 's and willy brandt ) . 
  conservative is the opposite of progressive . 
  being to the right is even more vague than conservativism . 
  it comes from the french national assembly ( before the revolution ) and back then the royalists seated to the right and the revolutionaries to the left ( so right was conservative , it was about keeping the people that are in power in power and to opress opposition ) . 
  however that 's about 250 years ago and marx , the sovjetunion , liberalism & neoliberalism significantly changed our outlook on things . 
  we 've had opressive and conservative left parties aswell ( just look at most socialist dictatorships ) and liberal openminded right parties ( libertarians ) that wanted the state as small as possible . 
  personally i find that it makes the most sense to look at left/right in the economic sense only ( economic protectionism vs. free market ) , if you include other things ( nationalism , social rights , etc. ), 
  the lines do get really blurry and stuff gets contradictory because then maybe the sovjetunion really was a fascist regime ( they were incredibly nationalist and incredibly opressive ) and should be placed on the right . 
   he 's probably the worst liar of all candidates . 
  wheter he can actually achieve his goals is dubious but i 'm for once quite convinced that he believes what he says . 
  calling him `` the worst liar of all '' really sounds desparate if anything , especially if you have him running against someone like fillon who is the very incarnation of an untrustworthy politician , misusing his power for personal gain .
