  there 's a formal criteria , 100.000 inhabitants . 
  germany has a lot of larger cities . 
  in germany we have the term `` gro\u00dfstadt '' , i do n't know if there is a comparable one in english but it means that a city has more than 100.000 inhabitants . 
  germany has 79 of those cities which is the most in the eu . 
  in contrast , denmark has 3 `` gro\u00dfst\u00e4dte '' and l\u00fcbeck has about as many inhabitants as their 2nd largest city . 
  l\u00fcbeck 's population is even comparable to the 10th largest city in france . 
  in other words : l\u00fcbeck is still quite big for a european city . 
  hmm ... 
  if i did n't knew better i would think they were trying to make a point with that zoom in ... 
  nah , the us has been a succesful democracy ( more or less ) for almost 250 years ( and the term limit was an unwritten law since the beginning and then made law after fdr ) . 
  i think the term limit played a part in holding off dictators . 
  the bad part is that it potentially can take away stability . 
  whenever a president 's turn runs out you have a gigantic circus in both parties and allover the media and it 's all about `` change , change change ! '' . 
  however i think you could improve conditions there without removing the term limit . 
  that abc poll must have been an outlier . 
  polling has servere flaws but generally their inaccuracy is way overdone . 
  try looking it up here : http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/us/general_election_trump_vs_clinton-5491.html the average at the end was 3,2 % for clinton and clinton got 2,1 % more votes than trump in the end . 
  that 's comfortably within the margin of error . 
  likewise in the `` battleground states '' where there was a lot of polling , it was extremely accurate ( look at florida or new hampshire for instance ) . 
  polling was extremely inaccurate where there was almost no polling ( e.g. 
  california ) . 
  they also massively missed the mark in winsconsin ( where the polls where about 7 points off ) . 
  however winconsin was considered a safe bet for democrats and thus polling there was laxer than it should have been . 
  if fillion makes it to the 2nd round i think all bets are off . 
  he 's clearly not very popular and though le pen will in no way win with the current polling , i would expect the polling to shift once we get to the 2nd round ( or maybe in the weeks leading up to the election already ) . 
  macron against le pen is no contest imo . 
  i do n't see how she could win that . 
  yeah , i would also prefer gysi at the head of the party but who would n't ? 
  he 's too old though , or at least that seems to be his line of thinking . 
  i also prefer lafontaine over wagenknecht actually but he said that they have very similar views and he 's even older than gysi . 
  i 'm not sold on kipping . 
  this was n't really to discredit the party though . 
  they 're not worse than other parties and they have their up - and down-sides . 
  i actually consider voting for them in the general election ( but probably not in the regional elections ) , however i think they severly lack foresight and real plans for the future ( like all parties ) and i dislike parts of their agenda . 
  many of their more moderate ideas sound good but it 's just slight reforms and little real progress , it seems like they are in love with the 70 's ( ok , i 'm too but we need plans for the future , we ca n't go back to the 70 's ) . 
  if i were to build a party it would look very different . 
  while they do adress many of my economic concerns , they do n't really adress my enviromental and cultural concerns and i think these changes have to go hand in hand to work . 
  if they are really as educated as you say , they absolutely should leave as soon as conditions in syria are stable because syria will be in dire need of educated people when it comes to rebuilding . 
  apart from that asylum does n't mean permanent stay , it means providing shelter for as long as necesary . 
  further we 're not helping people in the war zones . 
  germany is one of the biggest weapon exporters in the entire world and we take a select few who often have to go through absolute misery to get here . 
  and when they get here they have pased a dozen safe and stable countries ( it 's almost impossible to actually flee from syria to germany ) . 
  you have n't seen a war zone for quite a while once you reach germany . 
  we could do much more through meaningful aid to neighbouring countries and controlled asylum ( where you would apply from another country and not rush into germany and then apply for asylum ) . 
  if asylum would be controlled we could also work against the heavy skew towards young men in terms of asylum seekers currently and we could take people from all age groups and half women , half men . 
  currently we 're possibly building towards a generation of young sexually frustrated men ( which is honestly a real concern ) . 
  i firmly hold the belief that we need pragmatic solutions and but we 're not currently working towards that . 
  we should look at the world as a whole . 
  how many people would like to live in germany instead of in their home country ? 
  much more people than actually live in germany i bet . 
  so many people live in abominable conditions and they are all potential migrants/refugees . 
  the pragmatic solution is not to take them all to europe but to help them out where they are . 
  for instance if we would actually do soemthing about climate change for real that would help africans a lot ... 
  while we might barely notice climate change here , in very warm and dry places it can mean the difference between dessert and farmland . 
  currently there 's often very little future in africa ( try to watch darwin 's nightmare , it 's a very good documentary but also deeply shocking ) , yet mortality rates sink ... 
  unless we do something we will have a real crisis that will put this one to shame . 
  i 'm not against taking refugees or against other cultures or anything ( i 'm both danish and german and i have family in iran , i do n't even like the concept of nation states , however as that 's our current system we should play by their rules ) , i just think we should make considerate steps . 
  we should primarily push for international agreements and solutions for this currently we practically only take the refugees because other regions were overloaded . 
  if we would have helped out in those regions from the beginning ( through international organisations ) , we could keep the refugees close to their home country and their own culture ( i have no problems with other cultures but it creates a lot of tensions on both sides and europe is quite homogenic ) , which would generally work out better . 
  aditionally we could make international agreements to distribute the refugees accordingly if some regions were too overloaded . 
  this would have the gigantic benefit that we could actually help the weakest who mostly stay behind the way it currently is . 
  globally we need to find cooperative solutions if we do n't want some major crisis in the future . 
  however the solution is not mass-displacement . 
  there is one difference though : le pen is extremely far behind in polls . 
  trump and brexit were both really close . 
  i think le pen could conceivably win against fillion but not against the others . 
  and even in filion 's case polls would have to shift beforehand . 
  there is no way le pen will win if the polls have fillion leading by 14 points . 
  it would n't even necesarily need another scandal . 
  fillion against le pen would seriously be dangerous but everything looks like macron will be the next president . 
  yeah , hitler was such a big socialist , he killed off the entire socialist-wing-leadership of his party , just to show how big a socialist he was . 
  hitler was a corporatist . 
  he made deals with all major coroprations in germany and he decisively advocated for huge social differences . 
  point in case : read up on your history dude . 
   a lot of countries in the west prefer to put a shroud over their dark past rather than face it tbh this is germany in a nuttshell . 
  germany has been extremely poor at facing it 's past , we 've mostly just tried to avoid it and to talk besides it . 
  the aftermath of ww ii was extremely inconsequential . 
  the only thing that happend was that the allies told the germans that nazism was bad ( when before they were told for 12 years that it was good ) and nowadays that 's a dogma . 
  a lot of stuff is falsely and overhastedly related to nazism and there 's even a word for it : `` nazikeule '' . 
  we did n't have a major nationalistic party for about 65 years , however that 's not because of self-awareness . 
  two excellent films about the inconsequentiality of post-war germany are the marriage of maria braun from 1979 ( the main metaphor in this film is comparing germany to a poor wife who loses her husband in ww ii and descend to a rich whore ) and not reconsiled from 1965 ( which shows the conflict between the different generations in germany ) . 
  yeah , they 're practically cdu-lite and gabriel was presumably more to the right than merkel . 
  no idea about schulz but i gather he 's from the more right wing part of the party . 
  they have been somewhat critical about trump 's election aswell ( although in general they were favorable of it i believe and certainly their followers were ) . 
  they 're not like trump but still the party i would put at the very bottom of my ballot if i were to rank them ( and i mean we got fdp and cdu ) . 
  but is n't schulz a populist ? 
  besides that the afd has no chance at winning anything in the general german elections , while the front nationale will almost surely be the biggest party in france regardless of le pen becomming president or not . 
  currently macron seems likely to become the president . 
  however the fn will occupy 1/4 of the parliament . 
   schulz , at this point in time , to me , stands for more action and taking clear stances . 
  most of what he said after being nominated has been hot air though and he has repediatly avoided taking clear stances ... 
  what 's so bad about electing wagenknecht ? 
  she 's better than most people in her party . 
  well , in the us you can only be president for 8 years , obama would have probably won if up for re-election . 
  an academic degree is mostly worth shit if you do n't speak proper german . 
  i 've heard about people who are educated doctors in the east and work as cleaners here . 
  this is of course not always the case but it happens often . 
  the entire human capital narrative is incredible degrading aswell and shows no regard for human life whatsoever . 
  the point is n't that these people are an investment of some sorts . 
  they flee their country and in theory they should almost all return ( noone knows how long the crisis in syria will take though , so this might not be practical ) .
