  i know , i only assumed wealth and income distribution would be more similar . 
  and yes , it 's probably the house ownership and low price estimates for german houses in some areas + maybe some east german heritage . 
  true but i 'm honestly confused at welath in the uk being significantly more evenly distributed than in germany , would n't have expected that , i always thought the uk was slightly more unequal but that it 's still about the same because that 's the situation for the income . 
  here 's some stats on income inequality where germany is slightly below the uk : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality, 
   east germany and west germany have very different economical backgrounds yes and in the long run it would have probably been better to not join immidiatly . 
  in the west you still pay 5 % more taxes to this day as solidarit\u00e4tszuschlag . 
  the east is still doing much worse than the west , when i was at the stralsund railwaystation some years ago i was shocked at how the city looked because i had never seen such an appaling looking city before . 
  i was even more shocked when i crossed the border to poland for the first time ( literaly the first thing on the polish side was a junkyard ) . 
  in berlin the eastern side is actually somewhat appealing but it 's such a dirty city compared to munich for instance ( which is extremely clean ) . 
  there are many other problems , people leaving the east ( especially small towns ) , the infrastructure is severely lacking behind and the afd scored about 20 % in the eastern states because people there feel disenfranchised and left behind by politics ( which to be honest they somewhat are ) . 
  i 'm no expert on this but `` wiedervereinigung '' was extremely problematic and the only reason it happend was because of emotional and political reasons , it was n't an economically sound plan . 
  i agree that an eu wide solution would be much , much better but it would probably mean lifting standards everywhere which will not be easy and which is not what the eu is currently doing . 
  again , the situation in many of the southern countries does not look good and i do n't see improvement . 
  however protectionism is n't rooted in xenophobia . 
  protectionism does n't mean you deserve more protection than others , it means that you protect yourself from buisness models in other countries you do not agree with or ca n't compete with . 
  this is one among the many problems of africa for instance , they ca n't build up their own industry as long as other countries obliterate their prices . 
  in this case protectionism is a very sane thing . 
  free trade always assumes that you can ( not true for many african countries ) and want to compete ( not necesarily true for some of the rich countries ) . 
  in germany we have an intense race to the bottom concerning wages which particularly involves people from other countries who work for less than germans would , at times even highly educated people who come here from poorer countries ( which in turn paid for their education ) . 
  this phenomenon is called brain-drain . 
  overall you could surely put a xenophobic twist on it as many new right parties do but there 's a very genuine concern behind all this . 
  the best solution would always be to work it out together but that 's not always possible and often we ( the richer countries ) rip poorer countries off aswell ( both by mass export and brain-drain ) , which i 'm also against . 
  and melenchon 's proposal is actually to try to reach an agreement within the eu first because he also thinks that 's the best possible option . 
  seceeding is only the plan-b if no agreement can be reached . 
  fyc : denmark is king in both student drinking and binge drinking ( they also make the top 3 on this graph , they just did n't get a percentage but they 're one among 3 countries in dark blue ) . 
  sweden and norway are relatively restrained in comparison because as a student you oftentimes ca n't ( or do n't want to ) afford enough alcohol to get extremely drunk because it 's extremely expensive . 
  on this stat denmark leads the field together with austria at 80 % : https://www.researchgate.net/figure/242596506_fig1_figure-1-percent-of-15-16-year-olds-reporting-drinking-in-the-past-30-days consider looking at those stats aswell ( basicly a stat on binge-drinking ) : https://atodblog.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/percent-of-15-16-year-olds-reporting-intoxication-in-last-30-days.jpg here 's a more elaborate report . 
  ( which might be a tiny bit older but still from the 2010s i assume ) : http://resources.prev.org/documents/espad.pdf, 
  i mean here 's a list of everything you may do at 18 : 18 may travel outside the us without 18 may rent hotel/motel room 18 may apply for credit card 18 may open checking account 18 may take out a loan or mortgage 18 may sign a legal contract 18 may give own consent for medical procedure 18 body modification without consent 18 join military without consent ( or be drafted if applicable ) 18 may hold public office 18 may vote 18 may marry 18 may view and buy porn 18 may buy and smoke cigarettes 18 may purchase lottery tickets 18 graduate high school , usually 18 may own real property 18 may drink liquor ( military ) 18-21 varies by state - take possession of `` uniform gift to minors '' 18 work in a liquor serving establishment , with restrictions 18 varies by state -- purchase long knife , prior to this there are restrictions 18 earns right to trial by jury !, 
  18 right to have legal representation of choice , without parental consent ** the most ridiculous are `` work in a liquor serving establishment , with restrictions '' and `` may drink liquor ( military ) '' ( hypocrisy much ) . 
  ** from : http://answers.google.com/answers/threadview/id/608781.html, 
  they would likely not start at 17 if there were no 17 year old fighter pilots . 
   so what 's up with this talk about uk being so unequal and having an elitist society ? 
  they have relatively few billionaires and wealth is evenly distributed . 
  does n't seem so unequal to me the top 1 % owning 1/4 of all wealth and the top 10 owning more than 50 % does not seem unequal ? 
  if we can trust this statistic the top 10 % now owns 10 % more than 3 years : https://bellacaledonia.files.wordpress.com/2013/05/ons-total-wealth-distribution.png in comparison to many other countries ( for instance the us ) it 's not particularly unequal though . 
   but classic liberal is moderate right , in france . 
  where is classical liberalism not on the right ? 
  i mean in germany the fdp is our classical liberalist party and on all charts i 've seen they were the most right wing party , even to the right of the afd and cdu . 
  thing is : it 's much easier to controll economics within your own borders , there 's a different system of liability . 
  for instance : maybe france does not want it 's meat production to compete with polish meat production as they perceive in poland people get to little money for their jobs . 
  as you could n't sanctionise polish meat , it would be a race to the bottom in france aswell . 
  likewise the eu is rather elusive , most people do n't know anything much about the most prominent eu politicians or about conditions in other eu countries ( at least not beyond the superficial ) and conditions are inherently different . 
  try to compare spanish economics with german economics for instance . 
  i would argue the problems in spain ( and most of the southern countries ) are caused partly by the eu because they ca n't compete with germany ( and also some other countries ) who mass export the other countries into obliteration and then even import highly trained workers from these countries ( which actually benefits the elites ) . 
  it 's a very problematic system in many ways . 
  i enjoy that the eu protects it 's own economic interests towards china or the us ( well , now we have ceta ... ) but economic interests within the eu are also vastly different and there 's too little empathis put on that . 
  if he 's elected it would be on the terms of france , i do n't see what 's the trouble and besides : the eu needs a reform . 
  do you believe britain left just based on their guts ( the campaigns were a total mess and i would have personally prefererred if they would have stayed but the eu clearly has problems ) ? 
  if nothing changes it 's not inconceivable that more will follow . 
  nah , that guy was n't really serious , noone really believes we need to change the danish-german borders and a war about that actually is pretty unthinkable . 
  in other parts of europe , things look different though . 
  balkan only had it 's last major war in the 90 's . 
  so i agree , that we live in frightening times but this story is more bemusing than serious . 
   but was ethnically divided since ancient times nah , if we go back to ancient times it 's decisively more danish ( at least schleswig ) and the duchies also belonged to the danish crown for centuries . 
  germans immigrated massively in the middle ages . 
   not really generous , rather standard between nations on friendly terms meh , not really . 
  relations are exceptionally good . 
  we even have european center for minority issues in flensburg because the danish-german minorities are some of the best functioning and most peaceful . 
  i mean try to compare this to s\u00fcdtirol even . 
  i 'm quite confident that the ssw is the only minority party that is excluded from the threshold , at least it 's the only minority party in any state parliament in germany . 
  the referendum was in 1920 dude , not 150 years ago . 
  that was when denmark lost the war to germany . 
   the schleswig-holstein question and the first and second schleswig wars were so much more complicated than just `` denmark was the bad guy '' or `` prussia and austria were the bad guys '' . 
  tbh it 's more like the danes & austrians were fooled by bismarck and by themselves . 
  i mean the danes went against the treaty forged by the european powers and tried to anex schleswig anyway , even when the treaty stated explicitly that they were not allowed to . 
  if you 're one of the smallest countries in europe , that 's a very stupid tactic . 
  likewise the danish actually fought against the germans ( while they had no chance in hell to win ) and then they did n't accept the peace treaty , even when the germans proposed a border that was pretty close to what we got today . 
  instead they fought on and ended up losing even more . 
  i mean they were n't necesarily the bad guys but they definitely were stupid and stubborn . 
  this is btw coming from a guy who is partly danish himself and visted a danish school in flensburg . 
  i mean if you ignore the public sector which is the opposite of what the us has got , yeah . 
  i 'm actually serious , danes come off as extremely american culturally ( then again lots of people have disagreed with me about this ) but they 're a more progressive society and if the us had danish taxes , 75 % of your people would be out in the streets within minutes . 
  if fillon makes it to the 2nd round we might have to deal with president le pen . 
  le pen winning against fillon is within the realm of possibility , i would n't be so easy about that . 
  i think when merkel first broke the doublin pact , people where in favor of that , then they were concerned by the massive influx of refugees and slowly her party and the german people went against her and then she turned her approach to be more restrictive ( merkel usually follows public opinion in her politics ) but other countries like turkey do the dirty-work for her . 
  the greens also changed to a more restrictive approach concerning refugees . 
  i do n't know about spd and linke but wagenknecht ( the leader of linke ) made some remarks that were much more restrictive than the party program and her party was mad about that . 
  i think generally germans are disappointed by the way the crisis was handled and they associate that primarily with merkel ( although the spd was also in the government the whole time ) . 
  the spd 's resurgence is n't due to their stance on the refugee crisis though ( it 's 100 % due to schulz ) , that 's somewhat of a dead horse anyway . 
  overall i think german 's want a stricter stance on refugees than in the beginning but most parties have somewhat made that shift already and it 's not really a big player in politics right now , more like an underlying conflict that might eventually erupt ( for instance if we get another major terrorist attack ) and shake things up . 
  holy cow , i looked that up and canada has perfect scores in everything it seems ... 
   some countries consider them so important that they changed their educational systems just so their kids will perform better in them germany says hello . 
  i 'm sure the french and the english have had an ongoing feud for longer than that ( and a 116 year long war on top of that ) . 
  same with the danes and swedes . 
  against ordinance bills that decriminalise the abuse of power . 
  had to look that up myself but if they did that in germany i would be out in the streets within no time . 
  holy cow . 
  are you hinting at your king leopold ii ? 
  if so : well played and i like your humor . 
  do n't ask those rhetorical questions , next thing we see is people out on the streets reading `` we want to be fooled '' . 
  seriously ? 
  he gets set back for this ? 
  neither of the comments is particularly relevant or even entirely objectionable and the other candidate is corrupt and noone cares ? 
  either this is double standards or the french just do n't give a shit about corruption . 
  is n't le pen in a `` scandal '' aswell ? 
  seems like noone cares about that though . 
  been there aswell and i can confrim absolutely worth it !, 
  honestly , it 's amazing . 
  a `` gro\u00dftstadt '' is not simply a city but a big city ( that 's the direct translation ) and of course you can compare .
