  she is perhaps the least visionary chancellor we 've ever had ( bar kiesinger ) and that 's in a time with the most change since rebuilding the german state in the adenauer era . 
  for a cdu chancellor we could do a lot worse though but in that case the cdu would get much less votes . 
   the cdu is doing very well . 
  they have already won a majority in states like saarland and nordrhein-westfalen , which by the way always used to have a strong connection to the centre left spd and is also the most populated state of germany . 
  that 's not really true . 
  the last saarland election where the spd got more than cdu was in 1994 . 
  in nrw it 's always been a mixed bag and the cdu result is the 2nd worst in history . 
  the spd had a [ really strong period from 1980 until the late 90 's under johannes rau ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a6/nrw_state_election_results.png ) but that 's about it ( note : the image omits the current election ) . 
  however even against spd with rau , the cdu always had better results than this election . 
  the spd truly is at rock bottom though . 
  since about 2000 you can see constant dissatisfaction with the government as the spd and cdu vote always goes up one election and down the next ( after they 've been governing ) . 
  meanwhile fdp had their best result ever ( they 're the real winners ) and the left had their 2nd best result ever . 
  that would be much better than anything the spd plans , yeah but as far as i understand they are not willing to put this on the table because it scares people . 
  however if tax union means we end up lowering to the lowest common demoniator ( i.e. 
  the eu country with the lowest tax rate overall ) it would be terrible . 
  some kind of fiscal union would probably be even better because you ca n't have the same curency without a fiscal union ( unless the countries are somehow really close anyway and work on similar industry levels ) . 
  if you have a better idea on how to distribute money properly feel free to pitch it to the guy who represents your region in parliament . 
  they do lift the threshhold by 22.000 admittedly which is quite a bit but obviously even higher thresholds for the top tax would be preferrable ( say 53 % at 500k ) . 
  inheritance tax is clunky for a number of reasons . 
  i do n't think it 's necesarilly the best option but among those currently considered , it 's probably the best and it 's hard to get rid of inheritance tax . 
  because if we have a system were people can get very rich we need a way to redistribute wealth in some ways . 
  gib them sweet taxes pls . 
  otherwise gtfo, 
   instead a renewed focus needs to be on companies moving their earnings to avoid taxes , and the likes from companies and privat citizens sure , that 's what the fdp says all the time but the reasons i do n't buy it is that they rarely explain how their actual plans will fix it . 
   but it has to be fair and the demonization of the `` rich '' has to stop yeah , the rhetorics of some left parties i 'm not on board with ( but still likely to vote left ) . 
  however it 's an actual issue . 
  if the distance between rich and poor grows , you have to do something about it ( you can look at america to see what happens if you do n't , the uk is also on that path but not as advanced yet ) and what you say about the rich is n't exactly true either , the 7 richest people in germany all inherited their wealth and did nothing to earn it . 
  maybe at best they increased it through investments but that 's still detrimental to society because it locks social mobility . 
  if you have an appartment building already ( for instance from your parents ) , it 's not that hard to get to the next . 
  if you have none however , it takes a lifetime to earn it ( if you 're not a soccer star or a manager ) . 
  of course the majority of rich people do work but i think there are much harder jobs which barely earn you a living wage . 
  and the problem is also that rich people is a blanket term . 
  the very richest people do by no means have to work and would still earn way better than even a manager but managers are usually also seen as the rich but they usually only earn an advanced employment check and work rather hard for it . 
  this is why i think you should differentiate between the rich and the super-rich . 
  i 've always liked [ this picture ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b3/if-us-land-mass-were-distributed-like-us-wealth.png/250px-if-us-land-mass-were-distributed-like-us-wealth.png ) to illustrate it ( it 's from america where it 's especially bad but the distribution is comparable in europe ) . 
  usually i think we 're inclined to call the top 10 % or maybe the top 5 % rich but the top 1 % owns more than the next 9 % combined and the lowest half of society owns almost nothing . 
  tax rates are hard to compare if it 's just one number . 
  a 60 % tax ccould mean very different things ( and it 's far from the spd 's actual plans ) . 
  you could actually lower the tax rate for average earners and higher it for rich people . 
  that actually seems to be what the spd plans :  the spd , currently the junior partner in merkel 's ruling coalition , would also raise the special income levy for those earning 250,000 euros or more to 48 percent from 45 percent . 
   schulz said the spd plans meant families with small and medium-sized incomes would pay 15 billion euros less in taxes every year . 
   schulz said the spd would exempt workers on small and medium-sized incomes from the `` solidarity tax '' that germany introduced after reunification in 1990 to support its poorer eastern states . 
  they also plan to change the capital gains flat-tax for a banded one like for labour . 
  but i 'm not sure if they could get that to work if not enforced in all of europe . 
  income tax might be a decent compromise within what 's possible but for 250.000 , i 'd rather it be a little higher ( 50 % for instance or 53 % like it used to be ) . 
  the best option would be to think about entirely different ways to tax people though ( transaction tax for instance ) and to talk about eu-cooperation . 
  what the spd does is highly conservative but better than the status quo i guess . 
  wow , 65.000 is n't a bad income . 
  crazy that you still could n't make a living in munich with that but i 've heard that it 's super expensive . 
  yeah , tax levels should be balanced out . 
  raise the max tax but raise when you have to pay it aswell . 
  the problem is that rich people are harder to tax because they are more mobile . 
  i would wish that the eu would work together around this . 
   thank god , taxes were lowered last time the left leaning party was in power in germany . 
  because a 53 % tax has nothing to do with `` justice '' , no matter which way you spin it . 
  no , they have very little to do with taxing rich people because you 're in the top tax bracket today already when you earn less than 2x the average income ( some say 1,9 x , other say 1,5 x ) and meanwhile actual wealth is not taxed at all and inheritance is n't taxed too much either . 
  most people who actually earn their money at their job will not be the super rich . 
   spd are socialists right ? 
  were socialist a very , very long time ago ( 130 years or so i believe ) . 
  so the vatican is n't with you on this one ? 
   people who are calling putin a dictator . 
  he is a semi-dictator as russia is n't really a functioning democracy . 
  of course putin is democratically elected but within a very dubious political system in which putin has a dubious ammount of power ( and ways to get rid of political enemies while getting away with it ) . 
  but otherwise i agree with you . 
  people look at this from some kind of ideological view ( `` putin = evil ) '' which is laughable . 
  practically speaking putin is bad news but the alternatives are probably worse . 
  it would be nice if we could aknowledge that inbetween nato and russia there are no good guys . 
  it 's one big game of power and no side is 100 % right or 100 % wrong ( although of course as a citizen you 're probably less surpressed here ) . 
   because it 's objectively one of the best and most gut wrenching war movies there are no objectively best movies of anything . 
  from my point of view it 's an awful film and objectively speaking i 'm neither wrong nor right about that because there is no objective truth about that , merely subjective truth . 
  at the very best there is a consensus among people where many subjective truths mesh together as many people think it 's a good film . 
  but that does not make it objective . 
  you forgot the [ russian flag ] ( http://www.russland24.at/information/images/udssr.gif ) on the baltics and the [ german one ] ( http://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/althistory/images/e/ec/flag_of_the_german_empire.svg/revision/latest?cb=20090126162207 ) on east-prussia . 
  for such a small state they have a lot of history inbetween being a very powerful state and the italian king confiscating land from the pope and forcing him back to the little state within a city we know today and them having a fued for like 50 years which of all people mussolini solved ( if you consider the vatican the succesor of the papal state ) ... beside that the st. peters dome is very huge . 
  on the way up there are multiple toilets and various kinds of stairs . 
  i managed to get up there despite acrophobia though so they get pluspoints for having a relatively acrophobia-friendly design . 
   lol . 
  alright i 'm done with you . 
  everything you claim is bs . 
  holly cow , you 're good at substantive points ...  the fn wo n't even exist in 6 months who was nostradamus here ? 
   keep on with the france is full of fascist narrative [ straw man ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man )  the fn vote is a protest vote you can win an election on protest votes . 
  i do n't see where you are contradicting what i 'm saying . 
   and coming from a german , that 's rich . 
  really . 
  i hope you 're keeping an eye on those neo-nazis that seams to have awaken since germany became refugeeland . 
  i thought you said i had no idea about french politics because i was a german . 
  why do you have such a good understanding about german politics now ? 
  our neo-nazi party , the npd , which resembles your fn fairly well , actually never got into our national parliament and it 's actually easier to get into it for extreme parties in germany than in france because we have only 1 round of voting and if you get beyond 5 % , you 're in no matter what . 
  as for the afd , which is our on vouge nationalist party , they do actually distance themselves from the fn , as even they think it 's too extreme ( the afd is nationalist/liberalist , fn is nationalist/socialist ) . 
  they were split 50/50 on wheter they preferred macron or le pen . 
  nationalism is incredibly weak in germany compared to the rest of europe . 
  the afd is polling below 10 % and there 's a legit chance they will not get into the parliament at all . 
  much of what the fn is doing would be considered taboo in germany . 
  not that that 's necesairlly a good thing , our politics are appallingly conservative and we do n't so much have a culture of debate . 
  france has the more vital political and cultural landscape but also more social problems . 
  germany has problematic regions in the east ( which i suppose might be somewhat similar to the french north ) but we do n't have riots in the streets like these in france . 
  so i do n't really see what you 're trying to say . 
  france has one of the biggest neo-nazi parties in the world ( they even have the biggest youth organization in france out of any party which is really worrying ) and social unrest . 
  in comparison the condition in germany is rather calm . 
  most german coverage of the french presidential election failed to grasp what the climate was actually like and melenchon was barely mentioned .
