  here is a video of germans discussing it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tq2gkrqgsza i think that might legitimately have been the only time i 've heard it in german ( they 're not entirely sure what it means either ) . 
  fiery , spirited , mettlersome , avid , fervent , kean , passionate , zealous , fierce , vigorous , eager , enthusiastic , horny ? 
  people in germany do ( thankfully ) generally not know what that means . 
  it 's such a bullshit word . 
  i 've always found that people who use it share a lot of traits with the people they criticise . 
  i do n't think it 's that surprising all things taken into consideration actually ( putin and his team are really good at pr ) . 
  yes, 
  [ no , it is n't ? 
  no , 51 % men are born as opposed to only 49 % women . 
  metropolitan areas are much more densely populated . 
  copenhagen metropolitan area has 3 times the population density of luxembourg and 2,4 mio people live there ( close to half of the entire danish population ) . 
  the population density of an actual city-state like berlin is 17,5 x that of luxembourg . 
  luxembourg is a grand-duchy and has basicly the same markup as germany ( as i said already , germany as a whole is more densely populated and you 're not going around calling germany the metropolitan area of berlin either ) with the exception that they 're a tax heaven and are a very small country . 
  if not for historical coincidenses they could very well be a part of germany . 
  the country is not metropolitan area , it 's countryside . 
  edit : and the numbers seem to be way off . 
  median income is not that well documented . 
  the only sources i could find which list germany , sweden and the us have them at about the same median income . 
  in this gallup poll the difference between us and germany is about 1000 , while sweden 's median income is about 3000 higher than the us ( and this really makes a lot more sense ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_income and this is the entire us , not just mississippi which is by all means one of the poorest states ( and also with less income equality than the average in the us which is already very poor ) . 
  that explains a lot . 
  i did n't say anything about purchasing power . 
  i simply think that median income does not make for a good comparison . 
  gdp per capita ( ppp ) makes for a better comparisson and by those metrics , germany and sweden are both at about the level of michigan and vermont . 
  huh ? 
  germany is substantially richer than mississippi . 
  a good comparison would be vermont or michigan . 
  the article has a very moot point in the median income . 
  median income does also not caputre distribution of income ( which is by all means more uneven in the us ) . 
  median income simply means earning more than half of the population and less than the other half which could give a very skewed picture . 
  i do n't see why that 's a good basis for comparison when we already know sweden has the lowest gini in the developed world while the us has the very highest . 
  you mean like the us gini index embarasses america ( here 's a hint , it 's worse than russia which is practically an oligarchy and barely better than china ) . 
  many african nations also have a better gini . 
  uk is 4th worst in europe btw . 
  [ here ] ( http://static5.businessinsider.com/image/557ef766ecad04fe50a257cd-960/screen%20shot%202015-06-15%20at%2011.28.56%20am.png ) is a nice statistic on wealth distribution in america . 
  clearly the middle class got the majority of the overall wealth , oh no wait they own 15 % and the poor ( bottom 40 % ) own nothing . 
  where the other 85 % are will always remain a mystery . 
   which europeans ? 
  all but greeks ( those lazy bastards ) , the polish , the baltic people , the icelandic , the irish and the portugese . 
  though metrics do not seem to exist for some of the poorest european countries . 
  source : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/maps-and-graphics/nationalities-that-work-the-longest-hours/, 
   luxembourg is a city without any less productive rural areas . 
  * - insert random joke about americans having no clue about european geography here - * in all honesty , luxembourg ( the country ) is not a city . 
  the city of luxembourg has about 1/5 of their population only . 
  population density in luxembourg is about the same as in germany ( actually slightly lower ) . 
  switzerland is n't competing . 
  the difference between average income in switzerland and income in the us is the entire average income of slovenia . 
  germany is even closer to the us than switzerland but cost of living is extremely high in switzerland on the other hand . 
  to be honest , i would assume california alone has more variety then ireland . 
  ireland only has 1/10 of california 's population . 
  of course every region that is reasonably large is bound to be somewhat diverse , even a single city . 
  but america is so large that it 's crazy . 
  in the us gdp per capita ranges from $ 186.172 in washington dc ( which is n't technically a state but still an individual region ) to $ 36.029 in mississippi . 
  in germany ( the most populous eu country ) , it goes from 25k $ in mecklenburg vorpommern to 60k $ in hamburg ( which is also like washington a single city region ) and in germany much of that difference is even due to germany being 2 states just 27 years ago ( the 5 poorest states are the 5 former eastern states ) . 
  in ireland you only have 4 provinces and the gdp per capita there ranges from 23k in ulster to 40k in munster and leinster . 
  of course gdp per capita is only an example but with almost everything you would find much less variance in a so much smaller country like ireland . 
  in the entirety of eu differences are pretty crazy though , much crazier than in the us . 
  the difference in gdp per capita ( pps ) between inner london and severozapaden in bulgaria is a factor of more than 10x for instance ( while dc and mississippi was about 6x . 
  the very point of this is that america actually pays the most of any country in the world on healthcare ( a whopping 17,1 % of their gdp ) but still is very far away from being top class in healthcare ( unless you are extremely rich in which case you really get the best healthcare in the world ) . 
  they do consistently not rank anywhere near the top in comparissons , outclassed by countries that pay much less . 
  germany pays 11,3 % of their gdp and is consistently considered one of the best in the world . 
  actually the gdp of sweden drops if you go by int $ as opposed to us$ . 
  cost of living in scandinavia is higher than the us in general . 
  however the us probably has areas where it 's much higher . 
  cost of living in the bay area is presumably way beyond average us cost of living . 
  i 'd assume life in west virginia or louisiana is rather cheap . 
  here is a ranking by cost of living : https://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/rankings_by_country.jsp, 
  still the gdp per capita in norway is considerably higher ( 70k in norway compared to 57k in the us ) which indicates the poor in america have next to nothing . 
  ireland , luxembour , iceland and switzerland also have a higher gdp per capita . 
  brexit and the torry pact with the dup are really shaking things up . 
  on top of that ireland and the eu would seemingly welcome them . 
  this election likewise is the first time the nationalists have about as many seats as the unionists in the assembly and sinn fein won more constiuencies than ever in the uk election , dup did too , making it basicly 2 parties in northern ireland getting all seats ( and one independent ) which was n't the case earlier . 
  i think this signifies increasing polarization which will lead to many undecided people making up their mind and others maybe changing it . 
  the times are too uncertain to predict excactly what will happen and a poll from one year ago clearly does n't give the most accurate picture , especially when brexit yet has to unfold . 
  irish unification is something a little different . 
  and also the most likely to happen . 
  keywords are `` good and steady '' . 
  last time i checked germany had the biggest low wage sector in europe . 
   this is just false . 
  while we could argue about the hypothetical prosperity of the continent africa has had states and empires just as long as europe or asia . 
  well , the states and empires were often based on tribes conquering other tribes . 
  but yeah , i picked the wrong words and was way too generalistic . 
  the meditaranian north has traditionally been relatively highly developed for instance . 
  i was thinking primarily of the area south of sahara ( which is what most people think about when they hear africa i think ) when i wrote this . 
  subsitute `` tribal '' with `` traditional and mostly tribal '' and let it be only about sub saharan africa . 
  that 's really what i 've been meaning to say . 
  a case of brain-lag i guess . 
   but this is only a result of the poverty countries like france have created `` sustained '' , not `` created '' . 
  africa was n't richer before colonialism . 
  overpopulation is actually mostly a result of western medicine knowledge being exported to africa and financial aid during drought and similar things . 
  fertility rates have dropped , not increased . 
  the population grows because people on average live considerably longer , while still being very poor . 
  the west does not have an interest in keeping africa poor because if people have no future in africa and know that life in the west is much better , they 'll simply come here . 
  economically we benefit from cheap raw resources from africa ( which we can then process and sell back to them at much higher prices ) but it 's faulty , unsustainable economics if conditions in africa do not improve . 
  companies have an interest in keeping africa poor . 
   17 % have hauptschule ( may or may not be able to read and write ) you forgot your '' / s '' and to keep your rant balanced : it 's much harder for these young people to find a good and steady job than it was for their parents . 
  this does not justify violence of course but it could explain some of it and what we have to do to prevent it ( if they had a good job , they would n't be out there on the streets ) . 
  that is because it 's one of the poorest countries in the world ( they have the 2nd lowest hdi of all countries aswell ) . 
  if you have no money , you wo n't spend it on birth-control . 
  the lowest birth-rates are in muslim north and protestant/nonreligious south . 
  if africa was never colonized and the west never interacted with it would still be a tribal society today , presumably with even lower life expectansy .
