  an opt out of eu laws ? 
  greater influence on what happens in the eu ? 
  and end to freedom of movement ? 
  going into efta/eea does n't affect trade : that stays that same , and a significant , even disproportionate , amount of that eu trade is with * ireland * . 
  the eu is also the uk 's biggest * import * market , accounting for half of the uk 's import trade . 
  going from being an eu member to an efta/eea member does n't get the uk out of its dues to the eu , whatever the tories and ukip might believe . 
  the uk will go from having input on eu law and the ability to negotiate opt-outs to having zero ability to do either . 
  what 's left is freedom of movement , and if that goes then your ' a huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day ' point goes away too . 
  you 'll also see a significant drop in fdi as the uk further marginalises itself . 
  of course , being irish , that 's to our direct benefit , as we 'll probably be the primary recipient , which might help compensate for the damage a uk exit would do to our economy . 
  the uk has a very weak negotiating position . 
  everybody knows what your hand is . 
  if the uk is outside the eu , do you * really * think the eu as a whole really gives that much of a damn about accommodating the uk ? 
  it 'll be efta/eea , or bugger off . 
  the only eu member state with skin in the game in that regard is ireland owing to our economic relationship and the common travel area . 
  the uk has thoroughly pissed away any negotiating position since thatcher came to power . 
  the norway option - going from being an eu member to an efta/eea member - would leave the uk in a worse position : they 'd be stuck with no say in how the eu functions , but all the responsibilities of being a member state . 
  is n't that essentially a given with the comments section of any newspaper ? 
  also , sauna . 
  nah , you germans have a sense of humour , it 's just that you always first the punchline put . 
  germany is responsible in another , though innocent , way : much of emu/eurozone monetary policy was driven by the needs of german reunification , which kept interest rates unnaturally low in countries other than germany that could 've done with having higher interest rates to keep their economies from overheating . 
  this lead to a constant excess of cheap money that should 've have been around , which caused a * lot * of damage . 
  indeed , and that 's great strength of more ` quasi-democratic ' ( for want of a better term ) authoritarian systems such that of singapore and the prc as opposed to the strongman regimes of russia and turkey . 
  sometimes countries can grow out of that , like south korea did after park chung-hee , but it can be a difficult process , as turkey is evidence of : atat\u00fcrk ought to have been a one-off strongman to guide the transition of turkey from the ottoman era , but unfortunately was not . 
  exactly , thus ` authoritarian capitalist state ' . 
  putin and erdogan have n't quite grasped what the pap grasped quite some time ago , and that 's ultimately what 'll ruin them and their respective countries . 
  nothing new about that : that 's the way things have worked in singapore for decades . 
  the one difference is that the people 's action party there have so far managed not completely screw up the country . 
  same goes for the prc since deng xiaoping lead the country , as he was the one who transitioned it from maoism to a one-party authoritarian capitalist state . 
   starting i think he 's beyond ` starting ' . 
  and yet , they did n't end up behind the iron curtain or annexed , unlike pretty much everybody else who had the misfortune of sharing a border with the ussr . 
  as pyrrhic victories go , that 's a pretty good one , and helped keep finland safe for a long time . 
  given the circumstances - finland was a quasi-axis nation - i 'd call losing 10 % of your territory and not ending up behind the iron curtain a victory . 
  oh , i 'm sure they could whip together some fiction based on karelia , or on finland having once been part of the russian empire . 
  so much room for activities !, 
  now that 's how you take pride in your work !, 
  wait ... they have uniforms ? 
  why not have both ? 
  thanks . 
  i do n't know how anybody could 've taken it even remotely seriously . 
  only if you rise up in rebellion against perfidious albion . 
  :-) edit : well , somebody has no sense of humour ... 
  it makes sense , given the history of scandiland . 
  the eu is n't the thing that has to do the integrating though : it 's the individual nation states that make up the union that do . 
  eesti can into nordics !, 
  limerick , basically ? 
  _ ducks _, 
  except moldova . 
  * facepalm * consider that a brainfart . 
  i do n't get much opportunity to use my french , though i 'm hoping to fix that . 
  you might be overanalysing the joke a bit : asterix would sometimes describe another langauge as ` essentially gaulish ' even if it was unrelated . 
  i ca n't remember for sure about breton . 
  i have a grammar survey of the celtic languages , but it 's on the other side of the country . 
  so , if asterix was romanian , he 'd say that everything is essentially romanian ? 
  at least it 's less ambiguous . 
  with yes/no words , it can be ambiguous when you 're answering a negative question . 
  some languages have additional words to remove the ambiguity . 
  for instance , in french , you have both ` oui ' and ` si ' , both of which translate as ` yes ' , but the former is an affirmative for positive questions ( e.g. 
  * '' - here , `` * oui * '' means ` yes , i do speak it ' ) whereas the latter is affirmative for negative questions ( e.g. 
  * '' - here , `` * si * '' means ` yes , i do ' , and responding with `` * oui * '' would imply that you do n't speak french ) . 
  irish , at least , does n't have this problem because you ca n't answer ambiguously . 
  edit : fixed the meaning of `` si '' and `` oui '' in response to negative questions . 
  i really do n't get as much opportunity to use my french as i 'd like . 
  it 's identical , which is n't surprising given it 's a consistent pattern across all the celtic languages . 
  they quite literally ... cut the cheese . 
  that makes sense and lines up with what i expected . 
  those are pretty big vehicles just for getting from a to b though !, 
  one would assume that more senior staff get the equivalent of a company car , which would have diplomatic plates . 
  it 's archaic , not ungrammatical . 
  grammatical , but archaic unless you 're using the contraction or the past perfect . 
  nope . 
  the common market was the predecessor of the single market . 
  you can have a common market ( mostly free movement of goods , with only non-tariff barriers ) without it being a single market ( almost complete free movement of goods with few if any non-tariff barriers ) . 
  these are different things , and should n't be conflated . 
  as / u/atomickoala wrote , a political union of * some * kind is a necessary part of a single market . 
  however , a political union is n't a necessary prerequisite of a common market . 
  main courses maybe , but desserts and snack food is another matter !, 
  yup . 
  yorkshire and the midlands . 
  it 's like they were trying to re-establish the danelaw or something ... :-), 
  yup , and past attempts in england have failed before . 
  sure . 
  from an irish perspective , keeping the uk in the eu would be a good thing . 
  the immediate impact of the uk exiting the eu would fall in ireland hardest . 
  would it be a ` major strategic risk ' for the rest of the eu ? 
  maybe , but i think most members would see it as minor at best , and it would mean less mewling from the uk , so there 's that . 
  there 's a massive downside for the uk government : it means they would n't have a bogeyman to blame their fuck-ups on any more . 
  the best option if the uk exits the eu for ireland would be the uk staying in the eea , but that 's one of the worst option from the uk 's perspective , because it means you have all of the responsibilities of being in the eu without any of the say over what happens . 
  it would have minimal impact on ireland other than the fact that ireland would have one less close ally in the eu , which by itself could be counted as a ` major strategic risk ' . 
  the uk is n't going to get any special treatment as an eea member : there simply is n't enough in it for the eu to bother . 
  the worst option from an irish perspective would be a total exit . 
  the uk and ireland are sufficiently intertwined that this would make like * very * hard for ireland . 
  there 's a good reason why we both joined at the same time , and while ireland is no longer anywhere near as dependent on the uk as it was back then , the two economies are hard to separate . 
  just to give you an example on a micro level , consider amazon . 
  amazon.co.uk covers the uk and ireland . 
  just consider how much more complicated it 's going to get for somebody ordering something from amazon in ireland . 
  even if the uk tries to keep the trade situation between the uk and ireland the same as when the uk was in the eu , that 's not necessarily going to be reciprocal : the eu might not allow ireland to special-case the uk as far as trade goes . 
  maybe there 'll be a way around it , but it 's not going to be simple . 
  i could go on , but i need to leave the office shortly . 
  it would actually complicate travel quite a bit .
