  the only real difference is that they would be keeping sterling notes in circulation north of the border . 
  edit : added last sentence . 
  posted a wee bit early . 
  i do n't know if i 'd describe ni as an exclave of the uk . 
  even if the scots vote for independence , it 's not like anybody from there has to go through foreign territory : ni 's situation is more like that of an island . 
  the map might make more sense from an ethnolinguistic pov : the areas marked as germanic in ireland were populated by english speakers . 
  obviously the map was made by a descendent of asterix . 
   the only word for transexuals is trans-sexuels ( the rosbifs took it from us ) . 
  no , they did n't . 
  ` transsexual ' is an example of [ international scientific vocabulary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_scientific_vocabulary ) , and is not a borrowing from french . 
  i say , bring 'em on . 
  at least here in ireland , immigration from central and eastern europe has been almost entirely a * good * thing , so i have no issue with romanian and bulgarian immigrants coming to ireland , and the polish community in ireland actually integrated pretty well with the country . 
  in english , the ` prince ' and ` princess ' * are * the correct translations . 
  for the heir apparent , you prefix that title with ` crown ' , though some monarchies assign specific titles , such as ` prince of wales ' . 
  you 'll notice this in the bbc article , where felipe is referred to as ` crown prince felipe ' rather than simply ` prince felipe ' for this reason . 
  the super interesting thing about that is that it 's the source of the names of russia and belarus !, 
  one of the , if not * the * major progenitor states of modern-day russia ( as well as belarus and ukraine ) was * kievan rus ' * . 
  one of the major theories is that kievan rus ' was founded by [ swedish vikings ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rurik_dynasty ) , and that the term ` rus ' orginally was applied to them , and later became the demonym of the east slavs living there . 
  of course , history being what it is , nobody 's 100 % sure about that , and that theory -- the normanist view -- is n't without its detractors . 
  i personally believe that the founders quickly slavicised ( much as the norman and viking settlers in ireland went native relatively quickly ) . 
  edit : fix link . 
  i 'm irish and was brought up speaking english , but had to learn irish , so i know the feeling . 
  now i wish child-me tried harder . 
   aaah , dutch , the language that when i hear it , my brain feels it should be able to understand , but nothing happens ... it 's uncanny !, 
  as an english speaker , i occasionally get the same feeling . 
  norwegian has the same effect . 
  danish , not so much for some reason . 
  that does make more sense now . 
  thanks !, 
   i got told off by a polish girl recently for saying my family was from wroclaw when it was called breslau . 
  that 's odd . 
  i wonder if a polish redditor could explain why this would cause offence ? 
  it may be true , but it 's presented wittily , and i believe that 's what / u/trucidator was referring to . 
  given it 's boris johnson , unfortunately no . 
  too soon ... 
  it 'd work if somebody could somehow get the croats to rename their country ` dalmatia ' ... :-), 
  back in the day , rendering it properly was much more of an issue . 
  it 's only with the emergence of unicode that it became practical to start using them again . 
  iso-8859-14 supported the celtic languages , but unfortunately it was n't all that widely supported itself . 
  as far as study goes , i 'd intended on going on to get a masters in linguistics after i 'd finished my compsci degree , but real life got in the way , so unfortunately i 'm simply an enthusiastic and relatively well-read amateur . 
  rather than ` latin ' , you should be saying ` italic ' , as latin was part of a family of langauges . 
  you 're also leaving out greek , tocharan , albanian , persian , and the indo-aryan languages of india and thereabouts . 
  also , goidelic is only a branch of the celtic languages , just as romance is a branch of the italic languages , and the italic and celtic languages are thought to be relatively closely related , possibly sharing a common ancestor between them and proto-indo-european . 
  there 's some historical evidence backing this up , such as the fact that the caesar is reputed to have understood much of what the gauls ( who spoke a celtic language ) said , so he switched to using greek . 
  strictly speaking , counting those as letters would be the same as counting ' & ' as a letter ( which it was at one point , at least in english ) . 
  those are scribal abbreviations . 
  they fell out of use not because printers refused to provide them , but because the saving they provided ( somebody 's time ) was no longer relevant . 
  the big irritation for me is the loss of the s\u00e9imhi\u00fa in the modern orthography , which truly does bloat up the language with all those extra ` h ' everywhere where and overdot would be much better and compact . 
  also , the second letter in the abbreviation for connacht was an 's ' , not an ` r ' . 
  the ` r ' resembles an 'n' with a decending left stem and a leftward-pinched right stem . 
  the real issue is that the latin alphabet lacks a decent way to represent palatalisation , so languages that need to represent it either have to resort to orthographic tricks ( as irish does with vowels ) or by throwing the likes of ` j' all over the place . 
  possibly . 
  though it does n't work at all in english as a metonym . 
  ` the blonde ' ? 
  why not refer to timoshenko by name ? 
  canada 's just cool like that . 
  the shorter cameron : `` we must destroy freedom to save it '' . 
  i agree . 
  in fact , that 's one of the reasons i 'm using luxembourg as an example : i do n't think it 's valid to reject a small state from membership solely due to its size . 
   i do n't really like the idea of such a small state within the eu such as luxembourg ? 
  sure , san marino has an order of magnitude fewer people ( 0.5 mil vs 31,000 ) , but you could make similar arguments about a country the side of luxembourg as with san marino . 
  and not just crappy conifers and the like : we 're talking ash , oak , sycamore , & c. 
  i think everybody can agree apfelstrudel is delicious . 
  vastly more forest cover . 
  eh ... the situation was more complicated than that . 
  from a cultural and legal standpoint , it was indeed one ` country ' , but with no actual central authority ( aside from the legal profession ) of real consequence . 
  and it would n't even be correct to break it down on a provincial basis either . 
  possibly the closest contemporary equivalent to ireland in those days today would be somalia with its xeer legal system . 
  in effect , it was a stateless society . 
  as / u/anders _ wrote elsewhere , finnish was the major inspiration for [ quenya ] ( http://folk.uib.no/hnohf/quenya.htm ) , while welsh was the major inspiration for [ sindarin ] ( http://folk.uib.no/hnohf/sindarin.htm ) . 
  there 's no one ` elvish ' language : tolkien developed whole families of languages , and middle earth was actually created specifically as a place for them to exist . 
  the elvish you heard in lotr was sindarin . 
  not unrelated , but distantly related . 
  irish is an indoeuropean language , just like most of the languages of europe , but the insular celtic languages became very odd on the way there . 
   schengen also works when flying to other schengen countries . 
  not in any useful sense . 
  we still have to carry id of some form . 
  ah , thanks . 
  historically , that seems an odd way to do things . 
  after all , it means that people could have used rabbit ears and the like to receive live broadcasts while avoiding paying the licence , and simply hide them if an inspector happened to come checking . 
  it 's what ... 30m across ? 
  :-) the really odd thing is that iceland is in schengen . 
  i can only imagine that the only reason it 's worthwhile to them is it might have something to do with visa handling , but i 'm not sure . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  it 's more that it 's particularly important to london . 
  but not in the schengen area . 
  largely a moot question given the only country they share a land border with is us here in ireland . 
  joining schengen would be nice , but would n't really make much of a difference . 
   financial services are an important part of economy . 
  more london than the uk as a whole . 
   they have a strange election system . 
  yeah , first-past-the-post is very silly , but there 's a folk belief that it 's necessary to have ` strong governments ' . 
  never mind that their closest neighbours -- us -- have been using stv since we were founded , and have simultaneously managed the same levels governmental stability as the uk has in spite of not having had a single-party government since the '60s . 
  all very daft , and it was funny seeing them get all flustered when they discovered that -- shock -- they 'd have to endure a coalition government . 
  the indignity of it !, 
   not true . 
  you only need to pay the license fee if you watch live broadcasts . 
  you do n't need to buy one if it 's just plugged into your xbox or dvd player . 
  the strict difference , i believe , is the same as the one we have here in ireland : if the device can act as a receiver , it needs a licence , but if it 's simply a monitor , it does n't . 
  after all , you do n't want people not paying the licence because they use rabbit ears ( though digital tv makes that moot ) .
