   it 's called eire ( i think . . ) ' \u00c9ire ' is its name in the irish language ; ` ireland ' is its name in english . 
  the use of ' \u00c9ire ' in english is often seen as patronising for complicated reasons . 
   out of the schengen area mostly because of the border with uk . 
  still easy enough for any eu citizen to enter . 
  actually , it 's not * just * because we share a border with the uk , but because we 've had a schengen-style agreement with the uk since before schengen even existed . 
  given we 're on an island and we 'd still have to present passports anyway , there 's really no benefit to schengen for us . 
  it 's taught the same was as you 'd teach a dead language like latin , rather than as you 'd teach a living one . 
  the single best thing that happened to the language in recent years was the launch of the irish-language channel , tg4 . 
  and a significant amount of its programming is actually better than the two state english-language stations !, 
   the irish potato famine was not just deadly because of there were not enough potatoes but because of unchecked market forces : most of the potatoes were exported , driving up the price of the potatoes consumed internally . 
  as many people in ireland were quite poor at that time , this lead to starvation . 
  you 're half right : it was due to market forces , but not in the way you think . 
  potatoes were n't grown for export . 
  they were grown on marginal land for consumption by tenant farmers . 
  the real issue was that * all * the other produce was aggressively exported abroad , thus once the blight hit , the staple food of most of the populous was wiped out . 
  interestingly , up until the blight hit , the irish had some of the highest life expectations in europe !, 
   i ca n't speak it myself but apparently there 's no direct word for `` no '' . 
  true . 
  you instead use the negative and positive forms of the verb in the sentence you 're replying to . 
  thus the replies to ` do you know x ? ', 
  would be ' i know ' and ' i do n't know ' . 
  also , irish has no verb for ` have ' , instead generally using what would be rendered in english as ` be . . at ' . 
  thus , ` t\u00e1 riomhaire agam ' is literally ' a computer is at me ' , but directly translates as ` is ( a ) computer at-me ' . 
  the verb comes first , and there 's no indefinite article . 
   dublin is a beatiful city , but it surprised me for being a little low-key for a nation 's capital . 
  that 's because planners are terrified of ` ruining the skyline ' . 
  it 's nonsense and just leads to urban sprawl . 
   low taxation . 
  bit of a myth . 
  it 's more that we 've fewer exceptions : you pay pretty much the official rate . 
  for instance , while our much vaunted corporate tax rate might appear to be much lower than , say , the french rate , the effective rate is only a percentage point lower than the nominal rate . 
  otoh , the effective rate in france is actually * lower * than the effective rate here in ireland . 
   used to have a strong economy , badly hit by the sovereign debt crisis . 
  that was partly due to a national fetishisation of property ownership owing to our history as a nation serfs and tenant farmers up until the early 20th century . 
   strongly catholic , even more than italy or spain . 
  that 's open to debate . 
   there are plenty of irish descendants in iceland down the female line , mostly . 
  the male line tends to be of norwegian descent . 
  consider the rather unfortunate implications . 
  :-( edit : ok , downvoter : read the wikipedia article on the [ demographics of iceland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_iceland ) . 
  that 's a statement of fact , not anything against iceland itself , which is full of lovely people . 
  history is messy . 
   ireland has one of the highest percentage populations of red haired people second highest . 
  scotland has the highest . 
  the difference is n't huge though . 
  irish catholicism has long been more a matter of habit than one of actual religious devotion . 
  it 's just that now people are finally ditching that residual element of their cultural identity , and it came none too soon . 
   had problems with feeding it 's population , because of rather bad land actually , no . 
  only the northwestern half of the island has poor or marginal land . 
  the southeast is * very * fertile . 
  the dividing line is the iapetus suture . 
  the island had a population just over half that of england and wales and over three times that of scotland in 1840 . 
  it was capable of feeding itself , but agricultural produce was aggressively exported due to there being what was effectively still a feudal system of land ownership still in effect . 
   electronics manufacturing . 
  pharma moreso these days . 
   neutral in ww2 . 
  that very much depends on your definition of ` neutral ' . 
  there was official neutrality , but unofficially on the side of the allies . 
  a large chunk of our defence forces were allowed desert to fight in the allied forces , for instance , as well of exchange of intelligence . 
  unfortunately , returning soldiers were poorly treated when they returned , in spite of the desertion being unofficially tolerated at the time : it 's only very recently that the state made amends for this . 
  the typical unambiguous way to refer to the island itself is ` the island of ireland ' , not ` the irish island ' . 
  ` republic of ireland ' is preferred if the official title of the country is ambiguous , which , strictly speaking , is its * description * , not name , but everybody treats it as a name , which is ok . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  you should n't have worried about it sounding sensationalist : the various pronouns do n't have any connotations of additional ` power ' . 
  in english , it reads as a general statement about turkish people , but does n't carry the connotation that it applies to * all * turks . 
  not really . 
  ` oneself ' is a reflexive indefinite pronoun , and the subject is in the third person , so to be correct , it would need to be ` the turks/turkish know how to protect themselves from tear gas ' . 
  unfortunately the castillian pronoun ` se ' maps to a lot of different pronouns in english !, 
  edit : added note about ` se ' . 
  just to be clear , g_morgan is correct in what they wrote : to be grammatically correct in english , ` turkish ' in the title needs a definite article in front of it . 
  it would be better had you written it as ` the turkish ' : using adjectives as nouns like that generally requires it be prefixed with the definite article . 
  to be honest , i could n't say . 
  i do n't work to a recipe and usually eyeball * everything * . 
  about the only thing i do n't eyeball is the temperature , which i usually have set to 200c , and it takes about 35mins to bake , depending on the size of the loaf . 
  i usually do half and half between wholemeal and plain flour . 
  i 'll be baking some tomorrow evening , so i 'll post another reply with the result of that , and i 'll take care to note down what i end up doing regarding proportions and times . 
  that said , any recipe on the internet you find that sticks to just flour , buttermilk , baking soda , and a wee bit of salt will likely be good . 
  the key , however , is not to overknead the dough : it 's a quickbread and the baking soda will do all the work for you anyway . 
  just to point out , wheaten bread is known in other places as soda bread . 
  as a man from the north west of ireland , yes , farls are bloody delicious !, 
  and it 's easy to make !, 
  you should give it a go . 
  for the genuine article , you want to stick with buttermilk , flour , baking soda , maybe a pinch of salt ( i do n't bother with it myself ) , and * nothing * else . 
  any recipe that tells you to add the likes of margerine , butter , sugar , & c. , is full of crap . 
  also , if you put fruit in it , what you have is what 's called ` spotted dog ' . 
  not unlike irish people and english people . 
  i do n't doubt it for a moment : close contact like that causes languages to preserve or share features . 
  i guess you could regard dutch and german as part of a [ sprachbund ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sprachbund ) . 
  i think where we differ is in pov : when i use the phrase ` more closely related ' , i use it in the manner of a linguist : genealogically , dutch and english share a more recent common ancestral language than dutch and high german . 
  the core everyday vocabulary of english is still germanic . 
  it might be a minority , but it 's the minority that gets used most . 
  personally speaking , i find it easier to get a gist of something written in dutch than i do in german . 
  what really surprises me is that splotch in the west spread across east mayo , south sligo , and parts of roscommon and galway . 
  i 'm from that area , and i would never have expected it to be as lit up as that . 
  you can disagree all you like , but a linguist would disagree with you . 
  :-) the key difference with english is that english , unlike its closest relatives , has gone through radical grammatical and syntactical simplification due to contact with other languages . 
  up until the middle english period , english was almost indistinguishable from dutch , frisian , and low german . 
  it 's later contact with old norse , welsh , the gaelic languages , and in particular french caused some pretty radical changes in the language , including the addition of large amounts of non-germanic vocabulary . 
  compounding this was the great vowel shift in the early modern english , which caused the language 's phonological character to differ quite a bit from the continental norm . 
  many of the same kinds of changes also happened in afrikaans , which , through contact with other langauges , came to differ quite substantially from dutch , simplifying its grammar and syntax quite radically .
