the construction sector was damaged because it was our first major boom . 
  we bought house on a hugh scale and the state built infrastucture on a huge scale . 
  i think this was inevitable going from a poor country to a rich one . 
  it was a bit more than that : it was the obsession with buying and owning property , and it was n't limited to irish people just buying property in ireland , but abroad too . 
  i fear that we have n't quite learned the lessons we ought to have about the construction and property sectors and that we may end up having another property bubble some time in the not so distant future . 
  it 's an ultimately destructive drive that i hope we grow out of as a nation . 
  the one _ good _ thing to come out of it though was the infrastructure projects , even if i 'm not a big fan of the way they were ran : there was far too much of a dependency on public-private partnerships . 
   the financial sector imploded due to mismanagment and lack of oversight . 
  mainly due to it riding on the coattails of the construction sector . 
  the financial sector and the construction sector set up a vicious circle that lead to their mutual collapse . 
  now , if only we did n't have a health sector that was n't ( justifiably ) nicknamed '' [ angola ] ( http://www.irishhealth.com/article.html?id=16091 ) '' . 
  you 're leaving out the latter half of the ` boom ' : the property bubble . 
  the initial part of the boom was indeed legitimate , but when it started being fuelled by the construction industry , that 's when things got dangerous . 
  not that the banks do n't have the lion 's share of the blame , but the government could 've dampened the property bubble much earlier if they 'd had the political will by banning 100 % loans , better planning , & c. 
  those within the hse who are happy with the current arrangement , consultants who profit greatly from the current two-tier system , and existing private hospitals , amongst others . 
  sure , it 's one of the most expensive , but it 's still not all that more expensive than the belgian , german , french , or austrian systems , so asides from the nhs , whose whole raison d'\u00eatre is cost control , it 's pretty much on par with other european countries of similar wealth levels . 
  it does a pretty good job of keeping costs under control . 
  comparing it to the us system 's a bit disingenuous , given the us spends almost twice as much per capita for less of a return . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  it 's not quite * that * bad , but it 's still pretty poor . 
  i very much agree with you that we 'd be better off with a system similar to that of the uk ( or france for that matter ) . 
  we 're putting plenty of money in health . 
  the problem is with how it 's being used . 
  remember how we were meant to be moving to a dutch style system , and recall how that never * really * happened ? 
  ireland is no more a tax haven than france is . 
  the * effective * corporation tax rate in france is * lower * than the effective rate in ireland . 
  vested interests are against the idea of an nhs-style system or even something along the dutch or german models of healthcare . 
  we were * meant * to be getting something along the lines of the dutch model , but that really has n't happened . 
  instead , we 're left with a ram-shackled version of the us heath system , with none of the benefits . 
  the only thing that works relatively well is cancer care and unsurprisingly that 's the most ` socialised ' part of the irish health system . 
  note entirely true . 
  a significant amount of the rural population always have been because they were part of group water schemes , which were n't free . 
  france is n't arrogant ; it 's paris that has the problem . 
  edit : well , obviously somebody out there does n't have a sense of humour ... 
  a good chunk of those of us under the age of 50 are doing our best to change things . 
  let it be known , however , that irish law is n't quite as influenced by the catholic church as you might think , especially since the '80s . 
  we 're just waiting for the older generation to finally die off . 
  of course , politicians with strength in their convictions would be good too , but we 're severely lacking in them . 
  the woman wanted to have an abortion in her _ first trimester _ , but was then constantly prevented from doing so , then force-fed after she went on hunger strike and made have a c-section at the cusp of viability . 
  it 's fucking disgusting what was done to her . 
  you did n't mix with the other students in the school then ? 
  which pubs were you going to ? 
  carlow has a pretty big polish population , so depending on which pubs you went to , it 's possible to not meet any irish people at all . 
  carlow , ireland : https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/-k7t43jxu8og/u-ev12qgy8i/aaaaaaaabhk/mrzghm5awjq/w1557-h875-no/img_20140810_183758927_hdr.jpg, 
  the chamber is only ever full for votes . 
  typically , tds spend more time in committees than in the d\u00e1il chamber itself . 
  normally there are n't a tonne of people in the chamber , and it 's easy to get in and out . 
  you can always do what we did and just gradually decouple yourselves once you 're independent . 
  common mistake : the parliament is the oireachtas . 
  d\u00e1il \u00c9ireann is simply the lower house of the oireachtas . 
   ireland : impractical as fuck in practice , it actually works just fine . 
  tds know where their seat is , and if everybody needs to be in the d\u00e1il at once , people file into their seats . 
  whenever i 've seen photos of it , it 's always reminded me of a rubber stamp . 
  now , whether that 's intentional or not is another matter ... :-), 
  i quite like the senedd building myself . 
  i 'm not sure how well it 'll age , but for now it 's attractive . 
  as far as ireland goes , yeah , the ducal palace part of leinster house ( which is usually what 's shot in photos ) does n't look too impressive , but the buildings themselves when you 're there are quite attractive . 
  one interesting fact is that the fa\u00e7ade of the ducal palace was copied in the white house 's northern portico , while the southern portico was based on ch\u00e2teau de rastignac . 
  which makes me wonder why poland do n't use that as their parliament building . 
  is there something about it that rules it out ? 
  vdsl in carlow , and i get a solid 50mb down and 20mb up . 
  european hegemony, 
  the method of selection tends to be more of a technicality than anything . 
  whether * de jure * the head of government is appointed by the head of state ( as is the case in the netherlands and ireland , for instance ) , or by the lower house through a vote ( as is the case in germany , on the suggestion of the bundespr\u00e4sident ) , they are * de facto * appointed to the role by virtue of their ability to control the lower house and thus form a stable government bloc , be it by themselves or in coalition with one or more other parties . 
  to be clear , i was talking about what the office of president tends to mean * in * general , not with reference to spain . 
  spain already has an equivalent of the german federal chancellor : it has a prime minister . 
  this is the direct equivalent . 
  both serve has head of government . 
  the word ` president ' can have many connotations , and does n't necessarily connote the head of the executive as it does in a us-style congressional system or french semi-presidential system . 
  however , it generally refers to the head of state of a republic , who may or may not have executive powers , and thus fulfils the same role as the monarch in a constitutional monarchy . 
  we do n't blame you , just cameron and his lackeys . 
  actually , pigs refers to portugal , * italy * , greece , and spain . 
  it 's only when you double the ` i ' that ireland is included . 
  blueshirts . 
  it 's the blueshirt flag . 
  i would say that they were more quasi-fascists than proper full-blown fascists though . 
  though there are some things in common , such as the heavy use of palatalisation that both irish and many of the slavic languages share . 
  it 's irish . 
  there are more irish speakers than scots gaelic speakers . 
  it determines how much weight you have to throw around . 
  nope !, 
  the isle of man is n't even in the eu !, 
  or the uk for that matter . 
  it 's a crown dependency , but not actually part of the uk or the eu . 
  it 's a subnational capital city . 
  if it were included , you 'd have to include all the other subnational capitals . 
  everybody should thank digital rights ireland for taking the action that lead to this decision . 
  they 've been working on this like trojans since 2006 . 
  actually , it would be perfectly acceptable in the uk to have photos of people from minority groups in england who were born and raised in england labelled as `` pictures of english people '' . 
  feel free !, 
  norn iron 's a bit of a money pit , and i do n't think anybody here particularly feels like burning money on them lot up north . 
  it 's a principal in uk english for everything after primary school too . 
  and then there 's estonian citizenship law , which completely fails to recognise reality by not allowing many of the russian minority to become estonian citizens , even if they were born and raised in estonia . 
  that kind of thing does n't help integrate them into wider society . 
  not entirely true . 
  it was founded by the founder of christian science , but it was intended to be a counterpoint to the sensationalist newspapers of its day , being more level-headed and objective in its reporting . 
  it is indeed a good news source though . 
  it makes perfect sense : they could create a currency called the [ pund/poond scots ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scottish_pound ) and tie it to sterling 1:1 . 
  plenty of countries have done the same thing before , especially when the smaller country has a close trading relationship with the bigger country . 
  for instance , this was the case for decades with the irish pound being tied to sterling , albeit at a ratio of approximately 1iep = 0.92 gbp for most of that period .
