  you might not see any downsides to that , but you can say goodbye to any companies who have established themselves in the uk to have a foothold in the eu , and the city of london certainly wo n't be happy because any fta will necessarily shut them out of the single market . 
  the only alternative is eea/efta membership , which is essentially eu membership without any say . 
   i think the uk 's economy is better able to deal with a shock than the reu economy , especially one that seems entirely incapable of dealing with greece and the rest of the periphery . 
  those issues have to do with how the eurozone was established , and are not to do with the eu per se . 
  that 's a * whole * other massive debate . 
   while reu trade as a whole for the uk is of course much bigger than uk trade for the reu , the point i made was that the trade deficit is in the uk 's favour . 
  another interesting point is that with each year that passes , the share of the uk 's exports that goes to the reu relative to the rest of the world falls . 
  each year the uk becomes less dependent on reu trade . 
  that 's a natural consequence of globalisation . 
  in fact , you could probably pick any other eu member state , especially the ones with older memberships , and find exactly the same thing at play . 
   as mentioned many times , i prefer the norwegian model to the current british model . 
  norwegians seem fine with it too . 
  there is no point trying to threaten me with norway or switzerland . 
  they are among the most prosperous free people on the planet . 
  there 's no threatening going on here , and the uk is n't either norway or switzerland , either in the way their economies work nor in the way that their economies are tied into the eu : they started on the eu periphery and they 're happy to stay there . 
  the uk , on the other hand , is stepping out of the core and into the periphery . 
  the uk has economic relationships with countries outside the uk what are partially dependent on the uk 's status as an actual eu member . 
  norway and switzerland have no such economic relationships . 
   to be honest , i do n't see them not wanting to come !, 
  the uk is not short of people that want to come here . 
  i welcome the high number of immigrants we will continue to have . 
  flow each way is pretty much equal . 
  iirc , the number of eu citizens in the uk is n't that far off the number of uk citizens based elsewhere in the eu . 
  the reason for that mobility is largely * because * the freedom of movement . 
  if the uk leaves the eu , that movement of people with drop quite considerably . 
  and many of the expats will have to go home . 
   why ? 
  i think the cta should continue and i think ireland want it to continue too . 
  to clarify , i think irish citizens should enjoy all their existing rights ( e.g. 
  voting in uk elections , being able to serve in the uk military , live and work in the uk without a passport ... ) sure , but if the cta exists , that complicates freedom of movement with regards to eu citizens living within ireland 's borders . 
  effectively , we 'd have to re-establish border controls within the cta , which is something of a bizarre situation for something like that . 
    the difference between those and the uk is that they are n't considering leaving the eu because their not members . 
  they 're not marginalised because they 're in no position to marginalise themselves in the first place . 
    i do n't really understand what you 're saying here . 
  i think we can both agree that many countries outside the eu are not marginalised . 
  in what way would the uk be marginalised if it left the eu ? 
  if uk citizens can no longer freely travel within the eu , that 's a form of marginalisation . 
  if foreign businesses are less likely to invest in the uk because it no longer gives them a foothold in the eu , that 's form of marginalisation . 
  if the uk has to abide by much of eu law , but has no say in it because they 've gone from being eu members to eea/efta members , that 's a form of marginalisation . 
   people would stop wanting to go there on holiday ? 
  no diplomatic relations ? 
  it would be kicked out of nato and the un ? 
  i 'm not really sure what you are saying ? 
  no , not saying anything like that . 
    it seems to me largely a selfish move that will end up backfiring on the uk . 
    why selfish ? 
  the uk should do what is in the uk 's interests . 
  selfish actions are actions performed without considering the consequences for others . 
  from an * irish * perspective , the uk leaving the eu is a selfish act because if does n't consider the difficult position it puts us in . 
  now , it is indeed the uk 's prerogative to do what 's in the uk 's interests , but that does n't stop them from being selfish . 
   i think the uk can do great outside the eu , like many countries in the world do . 
  sure , it might . 
  i might easily do worse . 
  neither of us have a crystal ball . 
   if you are really interested in these questions , i would recommoned you read the open europe report in full , which discusses them in considerable depth . 
  what the uk gets out of the negotiations , obviously depends on where those negotiations end up , and that is uncertain . 
  i 'm happy to tell you my own preferences and what i think is realistic if that 's what you are interested in . 
  that 's what i asked for . 
  i know what 's in the report , but i wanted your take . 
   yes , i have made the point that the reu exports a huge amount to the uk . 
  this strengthens the uk 's bargaining position . 
  you 've got it a little backwards : for the eu as a whole , the proportion of trade with the uk is * much * smaller than the uk 's trade with eu : if there are trade difficulties between the uk and eu , those will disproportionately be felt by the smaller party than the larger party , and in this case , the smaller party is the uk . 
  the uk is more dependent on eu trade than the eu is on uk trade . 
  that , in fact , makes the uk 's bargaining position * weaker * . 
   it does reduce those dues . 
  not to any significant extent . 
  the uk will end up paying pretty much the same amount without any of the benefit of having a say . 
  this is the way it is for norway , the much touted example of how things would be for the uk . 
   i am not arguing that the uk should join the efta or the eea , i think the uk should negotiate a new position . 
  however , i think that the eea or efta arrangement would suit the uk better than eu membership ( in the same way as these arrangements are preferred by the swiss and norwegian people ) . 
  exactly how do you think the uk will negotiate that ? 
  efta and eea * exist * explicitly for half-in-half-out countries . 
  there is * no benefit to the eu * - and this is the overriding point - to treating the uk any different from any efta or eea members . 
  those organisations only exist as stepping stones for potential future eu member states . 
  that 's one of the reason why efta/eea members are still stuck adhering to practically everything that comes down from brussels . 
  the single most important thing that eu membership gives them is a * voice * . 
   not really . 
  i think that the uk should continue to welcome many migrants from across the globe , without being part of free movement . 
  ( this is something that many countries in the world do , like usa , australia and canada . ), 
  in doing so , you 're restricting that ` huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day ' : you 're putting an impediment in their way . 
  you 're also leaving out the huge number of people from the uk who move to live in other eu member states every day : if the uk leaves the eu , any responsibility the member states had to uk citizens as eu citizens vanishes . 
  and as a bonus , i 'll hugely complicate ireland 's relationships with the eu and the uk regarding both freedom of travel and the common travel area . 
   the uk is not going to be marginalised any more than switzerland is marginalised . 
  as i am sure you know switzerland , canada , hong kong etc all receive huge fdi without being in the eu . 
  the difference between those and the uk is that they are n't considering leaving the eu because their not members . 
  they 're not marginalised because they 're in no position to marginalise themselves in the first place . 
   almost nobody in ireland wants a brexit true . 
   and everyone in ireland would like , if the uk left the eu , for a new relationship to be negotiated to ensure trade can continue . 
  and yet nobody here believes there 's the slightest chance of that happening . 
  efta/eea is the uk 's best and likely only bet . 
   i agree with them on getting the new relationship . 
  i do n't . 
  the uk 's bargaining position with the rest of the eu up until now has been on the basis of keeping them in the eu : leaving the eu throws that away . 
  it seems to me largely a selfish move that will end up backfiring on the uk . 
  well , i * was * going to write that , but i figured i 'd keep it narrow . 
   the uk is the reu 's largest export market . 
  a huge number of peple move from the eurozone to the uk to live every day . 
  on a range of diplomatic , military and trading matters it will be in the interests of the reu to have a relationship with the uk . 
  what exactly do you think the uk would get out of any negotiation ? 
  an opt out of payments ?
