  so even if a us state was to default , there 's no way it could collapse quite the same way as a sovereign state . 
  the eu is n't a federation , and asides from thing like structural funds ( which are a pittance compared to federal transfers ) , there are no equivalents of thing the us federal government does taxation - and transfer-wise , and there are no eu-wide bureaucracies that people deal with on a day-to-day basis like there are in the us . 
  for instance , unlike the us , social security/protection/welfare is done on a member state basis , whereas in the us , it 's dealt with federally . 
  it 's been over 150 years since a us state defaulted . 
  city defaults , on the other hand , happen more often in the us . 
  consider the situation if , say , berlin 's government defaulted : that 's closer to the situation with a us state ? 
  even if the state government defaulted , the other states via the federal government would still make sure that the city remained functioning . 
  an eu state defaulting is a much bigger deal than that for those in it , and , because there are no real mechanisms for helping smooth over the roughness , a much bigger deal for other eurozone states : the greeks have their hands tied behind their backs are far as what they can do to fix their economy because they 're in the eurozone , and for the rest of the eurozone , they 're basically a deadweight . 
  the greeks were required to absorb the impact of their bank collapses alone . 
  that would n't have happened in the us . 
  it 's a woman made up to look like a man putting on a camp voice . 
  it 's a reference to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hfzqbztt6e, 
  well , more england than the uk . 
  oh , and with better tv , natch . 
  :-) y' know , i made a similar remark to a guy from the uk who was trying explain who the uk was nothing like the rest of europe and that why is was n't `` european '' ( he also equated this with why irish people do n't like being referred to as `` british '' , which revealed a less than stellar understanding of history ) , and he genuinely did n't get it , and was strident that the uk was totally different . 
  then again , i do n't think he 'd ever been out of the country and been to continental europe . 
  and he was from ni . 
  * cough * cromwell * cough *, 
  danish has batshit insane numbers all due to it originally having a vigesimal ( base 20 ) number system , but the indicators for that ( unlike in french ) ended up being truncated . 
  the system suddenly makes a bit more sense if you keep that in mind . 
  it 's still batshit insane though . 
  english is n't purely ` modifier noun ' . 
  english switches to ` noun modifier ' for adjective phrases . 
  still not anywhere near long enough . 
  no , i was riffing on the audi slogan . 
  probably something similar to the austrians ... 
  more the spacing around punctuation , as you 've just demonstrated with ' ? 
  it 's ok . we write $ 1.50 here in ireland . 
  never mind those crazy french people and their funny punctuation and decimal notation . 
  i 'm afraid those are n't my tears . 
  it 's obviously something else good and salty , maybe even a little sticky , that must 've got on them . 
  what tears ? 
  if there 's anything salty on your popcorn , it 's not tears ... 
  go drown in it . 
  i was n't particularly interested : i just wondered if you were as much of a paranoid asshat has you as you seemed . 
  and guess what , you are !, 
  and what 's more , you seem to be a bigot !, 
  you just seem like a paranoid lunatic . 
  never mind the fact that i 've looked over some of your recent past comments , and you do n't seem like the kind of person i 'd want anything to do with . 
  * pats head * do n't forget to take your pills before you go to bed . 
  feel free to say in norway , where you have no say in the running of the eu and have to implement everything that comes out of it . 
  you 're not an eu citizen , so your opinion is moot . 
  that 's still pretty impressive , you have to admit . 
  or you could leave the eea , y' know . 
  will this entail france no longer lying about their corporate tax rate though the use of tax breaks , exemptions , & c. ? 
  because they do . 
  they bitch and whine about other country 's corporate tax rates while having an effective one of about 7 % . 
  screw those guys . 
  yup , that 's pretty much what i wrote . 
  no , it 's fine english in context . 
  it 's just that the nominalisation of adjectives is more restricted in english than in romance languages . 
  there are plenty of adjectives in english that can be used as nouns , it 's just that a lot of nationalities ca n't be used that way . 
  could be worse : you could have to say something as ridiculous as `` what is it that it is '' for something as straightforward as `` what is it '' . 
  ` briton ' would also be acceptable . 
  what 's danish pastry called danish again ? 
  so you 're telling me that turkish men are , in fact , wookiees ? 
  this is explains so much ... 
  it never , ever gets old !, 
  but your facial hair is magnificent . 
  even the danish do n't speak danish . 
  after all , they want to be able to communicate with each other , and you ca n't do that with a series of gutteral grunts and creaks . 
  ironically austria , the home of the pastry , is only 18 % . 
  i expected ireland and germany to be worse than that , and france and spain to be better . 
  hmm ... 
  i 'd disagree with that as far as english goes . 
  english is harder than french when it come to text-to-speech , but it 's easier than french when it comes to speech-to-text , mainly because french has lots of homonyms that are difficult to disambiguate even with context . 
  english is easier in that regard : most of the homonyms are relatively straightforward to disambiguate through context . 
  the big thing with english speech-to-text and text-to-speech is to recognise features of the word that indicate the origin of the word , and thus which which orthography to use and thus how it 's pronounced . 
  this is n't straightforward without heuristics , but it 's far from impossible . 
  the single biggest problem when it comes to speech-to-text is how much vowel quality varies between different accents and dialects of english . 
  even if english had a simpler , more unified orthography , you 'd still be left with squaring that circle in a reliable fashion . 
  all that said , compared to many other languages , both french and english are terrible as far as their orthographies go . 
  the only other languages that come close are danish and japanese . 
  people like to bash the orthography of irish , especially the modern orthography , but it does a good job balancing the language 's large and grammatically significant consonant inventory with the etymological principle and having a close to one-to-one correspondence between spelling and pronunciation . 
  french orthography is a hot mess , but it is at least somewhat consistent , if encumbered with centuries of historical baggage . 
  english , on the other hand , has basically three or four different orthographies mushed into on frankensteinian mess . 
  too soon ... 
  oh , i guessed that : it 's the party names that i wanted so i 'd know which range corresponds to which party . 
  i * really * hope , for finland 's sake , that the other coalition parties keep them leashed as far as getting their policies though , while letting them show what an utter disaster they 'd be if they could . 
  thanks !, 
  finns are also euro-skeptic and somewhat xenophobic . 
  should n't leave that out . 
  any chance you could translate the annotations in that image ? 
  to be precise , they were skirting the very edge of irish airspace , which is rather a dangerous and threatening thing to do to a country . 
  ireland has no issues with the raf sending interceptors into irish airspace when something like this happens : it 's as much in ireland 's interest as the uk . 
  this kind of thing is dickish and childish . 
  it 's like some kid waving their hands in your face while repeating `` i 'm not touching you !, 
  i 'm not touching you !, 
  you ca n't do anything ! '', 
  do n't worry : they enjoy it . 
  do n't forget england , now ... 
  downside : not being able to go through the chunnel for decent cheap plonk . 
  i believe / u/kevin-can is referring to ireland being separated from continental europe by a body of water , not that the irish are `` brits '' : nothing he wrote implied that he thinks the irish are `` brits '' . 
  better yet : morocco . 
  well , ca n't complain about the quality of the ladies ... 
  [ aside : i 'm ill right now , and i 'm due to go into hospital tomorrow for an outpatient procedure , so i likely wo n't be able to reply all that soon . 
  sorry about that . ], 
   my own person preference would be for the uk to take the `` go it alone '' approach outlined in the report and negotiate a fta with the reu along the lines of the candian one of the south korean one . 
  you 're talking about the likes of ceta . 
  however , you do that , and you 're effectively cutting off the uk from the rest of europe .
