  if i were to go to the us to work , i 'd really prefer to go over on a h1b or something . 
  quite the opposite , actually !, 
  i 'd love if somebody would come over here and start brewing belgian-style lambics and trappist beers . 
  but emigrating to the us is so much of a pain !, 
  move to ireland !, 
  things are about as fucked as they 're going to get , there 's some decent beer , and plenty of opportunity for decent microbreweries ( nudge , nudge !, 
  indeed , but at least they do n't get quite so annoyed as the scots and welsh have a habit of getting !, 
  oh , you would n't want to be bunching in all the british accents in like that . 
  you should at least be breaking them up by constituent country , because scottish , welsh , and english accents are quite different . 
  our wit and charm , naturally . 
  as to why norway is so far down , it 's partly a matter of the petroleum and gas industry there being so massive . 
  distinci\u00f3n , surely ? 
  probably due to the soviet union , who ended up with ` su ' . 
  you need to import some [ connacht gold ] ( http://www.connachtgoldfoods.ie/butter/detail/softer-butter/ ) then !, 
  just so long as you do n't leave it out to melt , it 'll stay soft and spreadable . 
  and yet it 's still actual real butter . 
  it 's great !, 
  we do , we just call them slippers . 
  inevitable once they pulled the trigger on presto . 
  there are still people who go on about the moon landing and the jfk assassination , so ... yeah . 
  same category of nutter . 
  it 's more relevant looking if i you emphasise the word ` is ' : the square mile is * hugely * important to london 's economy , and by virtue of it being important to london 's economy , it 's important to the economy of the whole of the uk . 
  it is in london . 
  mind sharing what country you 're from ? 
  could it be one of eu 's many * constitutional * monarchies , namely the netherlands , belgium , spain , the uk , denmark , sweden , and luxembourg ? 
  or one of its republics ? 
  i think the great tragedy of the uk in europe is that owing to its aloofness , it prevented itself from being a useful counterbalance to france and germany , something that left . 
  you make some good points . 
  i just hope the uk begins engaging with the eu in such a way as it can have a positive effect on it and its institutions . 
  the problem is , i think that ship sailed back in the late '80s . 
  if they were real , britannia would n't be on the coin , unless it was on the national side of the coin . 
  euro coins have two sides : a side with a pan-european pattern ( the side with the denomination on it ) and a national side , the design of which is up to the country minting it . 
  thus irish 2eur coins have a harp on the national side , german ones have an eagle , french ones have a stylised tree , & c. however , they all share a common pattern on the other side . 
  if britannia were to be on a uk euro coin , she 'd have to share space with queen elizabeth , and i ca n't see that happening even if the uk were to adopt the euro . 
  there 's no such thing as ` foreign ' euros if you 're in the eurozone : a euro is a euro everywhere , regardless of what the symbol on the national side of the coin is . 
  disappointed that did n't end with a twist like the original !, 
  we have them relatively regularly here in ireland , and it 's really not all that big a deal . 
  i think it 's more that people in the uk are n't used to referenda . 
  that has n't been the case here in ireland for about ten years . 
  there was a panic about jus soli being abused , so it was pretty severely restricted . 
  it still technically exists , though . 
  i was n't referring to the constitution , but to the [ republic of ireland act , 1948 ] ( http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/1948/en/act/pub/0022/print.html ) . 
  shhh ... you should know better than to be listening to denis o'brien like that . 
  we prefer the ` republic of ireland ' , given it 's the official description ( though not name : think of it as the state 's nickname ) of the state , if simply ` ireland ' is unclear . 
  . . or a stupid obsession with property ownership . 
  you mean * real * tayto . 
  if it 's true , i feel sorry for that poor budgie !, 
  could be worse . 
  could be heineken . 
  as long as you keep in mind that belgian beer is much stronger , it 's just fine . 
  in fact , i think i prefer drinking a bit less of something with a bit more of a kick : less need for toilet breaks . 
  well , if you count in the strength of belgian beer , that would likely even things out quite a bit . 
  everything is better with duvel . 
  anglo-irish , but not necessarily unionist . 
  after all , many , possibly even a majority , of the leaders of the nationalist movement over the years were anglo-irish !, 
  irish scientists tend to retain their citizenship , at least in my experience , unless their 's some overriding reason to give it up . 
  our problem is that our government is business focussed , so often does n't see the value in fundamental research ( the stuff that gets nobel prizes ) , instead preferring to fund applied research , which ought to be primarily the domain of private enterprise , in my opinion . 
  also , there 's a culture of not lionising the scientists , mathematicians , and engineers we produce , instead lionising our novelists , playwrights , artists , & c. i 'm all for being proud of our achievements in the arts , but i wish we had more respect for our scientists , mathematicians , and engineers . 
  everybody knows who joyce , beckett , yeats , kavanagh , & c. are , but if you were to ask them who ernest walton , robert boyle , george boole , william rowan hamilton , or lord kelvin were , they likely would n't have a notion . 
  those numbers include the arts , and does n't appear to be just for the sciences . 
  i know this because of the irish numbers . 
  unfortunately , ireland 's are heavily biased towards the arts . 
  i think there might be some for the sciences , but traditionally ireland has n't put much emphasis on fundamental science , which , i think , is to the country 's detriment . 
  it would 've been really hard not to make it look very , very silly . 
  i like that one because it 's something they changed . 
  after all , ozymandias 's ` enemy ' would 've have worked outside of the comic book . 
  i never noticed before that the screen says ` squid energising ' , which is a nice nod to the comic book . 
  okaaaay ... fair enough . 
  [ stupid sexy flanders ] ( http://www.manolith.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/10/sexy-flanders-halloween-costume.jpg ) . 
  i dunno : vlaai is pretty damned good . 
  recent ? 
  that 's been going on for decades . 
  if only they 're realise that you need at least one generation of school irish speakers to get proper native speakers . 
  being condescending to school irish speakers does nobody any good . 
  no , i saw all that , but compared to other countries , it was certainly less . 
  for instance , we did n't get anything like syriza or podemos . 
  actually , that 's kind of what did happen , at least indirectly , and it 's not really much to do with weaker economies being in a currency union with stronger ones , though that did contribute . 
  this mess goes back to the days of german reunification in the 90s , where interest rates in the emu were kept unnaturally low for an extended period to help ease the process . 
  that meant there was a * lot * of cheap money around , and it went to the places that were seeing the most growth . 
  some of those , like ireland , had fundamentally solid economies [ 1 ] , while others , such as italy and greece did not . 
  [ 1 ] up until the mid-2000s when property mania took hold , but keep in mind that too was a consequence of unnaturally low interest rates . 
  if ireland had control over its interest rates , the central bank could 've dampened demand and got that bubble under control . 
  but it did n't , so it could n't . 
  there were things the government could 've done at the time , such as outlawing 100 % mortgages , but that would 've been political poison , and politicians are rarely known for having much of a spine when it comes to these things . 
  no , they were forced . 
  the stick of the collapse of the eurozone and ` contagion ' was used to force them to do so . 
  and i doubt it had much to do with maintaining the country 's reputation . 
  irish politicians are generally a spineless , unimaginative bunch at the best of times , so it 's easy to enough for them to fold under pressure from the ecb . 
  in a nutshell , the us has federal transfers to partially subsidise poorer parts of the country . 
  there is no such equivalent in the eu aside from structural funds , and those are a pittance in comparison . 
   greece , ireland and all the other countries do n't understand that austerity is n't a bad word , it is n't an unnatural construct , it 's the fact that unless someone is willing to lend you money , you ca n't spend more than you earn . 
  i think you 'll find that ireland * did * take the austerity whip , and unlike the greeks , did n't grumble that much . 
  what some people , including yourself , seem to be forgetting is that the sovereigns of the periphery did n't take on tonnes debt : they were forced to socialise private bank debt because investors in other states made bad bets . 
  part of the point of bonds is that they are * not * guaranteed to pay out . 
  but rather than capitalism being allowed to function properly , which would 've been taking the bad banks , separating out savings , good debtors , and * maybe * more senior bondholders , and shooting the remaining zombie banks in the head , instead sovereign was forced by the ecb to socialise this bad debt . 
  so no , the problem people have is n't with austerity per se , it 's with having austerity forced upon them for the bad investments of others who are not also having to suffer . 
   you should have defaulted like a us state . 
  except that 's not how things work in the us . 
  a state default in the us is nothing like a default of an independent country , even a member state of the eu . 
  keep in mind that a us state is n't funded solely from taxes collected within its borders : it 's also funded from federal taxation and transfers .
