  qatar , however , has allowed labor unions and higher wages to these workers , so it 's not all bad . 
  that never made sense to me . 
  your entire country is armed and completely ready for war , why do you need an armed forces ? 
  gun control , lots and lots and lots of gun control . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous how much i hear about it , not that that 's a bad thing though . 
  edit : also , its fucking freezing up in the northeast . 
  gon na be about -4 c for the next few days here in new jersey . 
  the american map is misleading . 
  first thing that comes to mind when mentioning the netherlands is generally weed :p, 
  our money is pretty stinky , especially fresh banknotes . 
  i ca n't really describe the smell though . 
  be lucky all your banknotes are n't green , all the same size and smell funny . 
  i asked this not too long ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/11ihrt/question_if_belgium_theoretically_did_split_up/, 
  npr ? 
  `` everything is changing . 
  people are taking the comedians seriously and the politicians as a joke . '', 
  - will roger, 
  from what i see so far , not many people approve of the idea to have an armed guard at schools except hardcore conservatives now . 
  the more the nra talks , the more outrage there is at them . 
  even politicians are starting to shift away from the nra . 
  there just does n't seem to be enough support for the gun rights movement anymore . 
  i have the vibe that everyone 's angry at the nra now and the debate is leaning towards gun control . 
  gun control , the so-called `` fiscal cliff '' , and to the conservatives the benghazi attack . 
  but mostly gun control . 
  of course , which is why i would want a peaceful revolution more than anything . 
  but it 's unlikely just due to the very nature of capitalism . 
  i would hope bloodshed is minimal but the problem wo n't be with the first world citizens who are fed up with their own upper class , it 's more likely that the exploited peoples of today 's developing countries will rise up against them . 
  today 's globalist and connected society grants more powers and information to exploited people around the world . 
  i think you 'll see more isis-type wars ( little slivers of land being conquered around piece by piece in small regions ) except with promise towards workers revolution and not islamic liberation . 
  my hope is for the endgoal to happen with as little bloodshed as possible but it just does n't look doable based on common trends . 
  in the end , socialism would almost undoubtedly be greatly beneficial for the good majority of the world and while i hope bloodshed can be avoided , the amount that goes on due to the ruling class 's influence already is atrocious as it is , there 's not much a socialist revolution would do to top that . 
  neither do i , but for the sake of optimism i at least hope the coming socialist revolution happens in my lifetime , for the betterment of society and not the destruction of it of course . 
  but communism is a far off goal i wo n't see in my lifetime for sure . 
  this is probably the best comment here . 
  capitalism works off of somebody 's exploitation , whether it be the local working class , the third world working class , etc. 
  self-proclaimed `` marxists '' tend to forget , however , that capitalism is preferable to previous systems . 
  socialism is obviously more preferable than that , and communism is the end goal , but industrial capitalism is necessary for further revolution . 
  had little to do with it , it was primarily the banking crisis that destroyed cyrpus ' economy . 
  yeah , let 's just ignore the few periods of ceasefire that the pkk ** negotiated ** with the turkish government for . 
  never happened . 
  pkk broke that ceasefire because the turkish government is bombing kurdish cities and punishing kurds ( both turkish and syrian ) for helping out kurdish separatist groups in syria . 
  let 's not pretend this is a black-and-white scenario here . 
  not an affiliate , an offspring . 
  pkk does not associate themselves with that group no matter what the conspiracy theorists want to believe . 
  and neither did the russian revolution . 
  do n't equate stalin to lenin . 
  i remember the mumbai attacks being widely known throughout my local area in florida but that 's just me . 
  while the establishment gives us that choice , theres huge support coming towards the green and libertarian parties now , both polling over 5 % . 
  tourism counts as one of its largest sectors , yes , but to say dubai runs off of even mostly tourism is very incorrect . 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mk2friu.png ) is what dubai 's economy looks like today in a nutshell . 
  dubai hardly runs off of oil money now . 
  say what you will about labor conditions and backwards laws but they know how to diversify their economy . 
  emigration to the americas ? 
  some cereal boxes have multiple languages on the box , and i guess croatian and slovenian are similar enough that you cant tell the difference most if the time ? 
  someone correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfm9jglhgyq ), 
  if fillon wins the first round along with le pen theres a good chance le pen might actually win . 
  but the popular vote means democrats should 've won . 
  it 's only because cities get less seats that republicans won . 
  fucked up right ? 
  this is n't right , we are n't * sniff * that emotional dammit !!, 
  why am i always ridiculed ? 
  do n't , * sniff ** sniff * , do n't judge me !, 
  whoa , take it easy there buddy !!, 
  we do n't want smart * and * healthy people , do you realize how much freedom that would take away ?? 
  ` tis all good , my friend . 
  no , i 'm saying that mexicans are n't the problem at all , s2011 is blaming the problems on mexicans . 
  our test scores are bad , and illegal immigrants are n't the ones skewing them . 
  it is our own fault for our lack of education . 
  s2011 is claiming that the uk is alright because their immigrants come from india and continental europe and ours come from latin america , which is bullshit to say that it 's a reason at all for our educational problems . 
  it 's funny to me because there are a larger amount of legal asian immigrants than hispanics , and they also take up a much larger portion of our universities than the whole of our population , yet you like to claim it is our immigrants that skew the figures to make it seem like our education system is bad . 
  no , it * is * bad . 
  the tests prove it too . 
  we have much less understanding of math and science than most countries in europe and our geography/political knowledge is notably horrific . 
  these are american-born citizens i 'm talking about . 
  and trust me , i 'm a senior in high school still , in one of the most educated states ( new jersey ) , and it is still pretty bad . 
  the motivation behind learning is that if you do n't pass school , you do n't go to college and get money . 
  there is no incentive to remember what you learned . 
  the lists all say the same thing , that the usa is low in education compared to other developed nations . 
   we have the best * private * education system in the world . 
  ftfy, 
  i seriously wish the usa could take a look at the rest of the world and learn how to work an education system . 
  well there was a big controversy not too long ago where i think obama was saying france was our biggest ally , and the press got all riled up about it . 
  it 's probably not as big as in the british news , but it 's still big . 
  i do n't think he meant the `` special relationship '' of ours is media made , but the media just puts much more emphasis on it than there needs to be , and i agree . 
  it 's quite annoying over here too . 
  then i wonder why lebanon , jordan , egypt , iran and l all gulf countries but yemen have been doing so much better . 
  palestine could 've been supported and helped by israel all these years but instead the israelis have been enslaving the palestinians . 
  not only that , but lebanon even used to be the `` switzerland of the east '' until israel invaded the south and basically wrecked everything muslim . 
  palestine would be worlds better as its own independent country, 
  american here . 
  the us government was actually built specifically on this . 
  congress is structured on the relationship between the people and states , as is the eu with the eu parliament and council . 
  the council ( and our senate ) is there to respect sovereignty of states while the parliament ( and our house of representatives ) is there to respect democracy . 
  the relationship between the two is why you have a confederation and not a unitary state . 
  they have 14 % in official polls now , apparently , and they 're getting bigger grips on the police force in greece as well . 
  if you control the police and military , a coup is likely . 
  golden dawn is n't some small secret group anymore , they 're a force to be reckoned with . 
  fuck you , 8th germany is obviously least funniest . 
  what do you mean ?
