  there are a large variety of choices !!, 
  i mean , i personally chose germany , but there was also germany , and germany , even germany !!, 
  so many choices !, 
  my favorite italian film is la vita e bella . 
  so many laughs and tears from that film . 
  football is sweden 's religion !, 
  you could argue that the un 's existence greatly contributed to the lack of wwiii actually . 
  well i 'm in school still ( 12th grade ) but im pretty unpopular and only have a few friends who are at the same level or lower , and i 'm treated very nicely . 
  everyone loves me and while they do n't really talk to me much , when others do its usually a nice conversation with nothing mean involved . 
  sure , sports are a huge part of high school and the jocks are popular but in the 3 high schools i 've been in ( 2 in florida , 1 in new jersey ) they 've been super kind , though of course you have some assholes here and there . 
  it 's somewhat true in middle school however , but once you get into high school , the assholes are the ones who are shunned by most people other people . 
  high schoolers are generally too chill for that crap . 
  i 'm saying i do n't know where that came from though . 
  much of what they portray in movies is relatively accurate of normal high schools in my opinion , but the jocks are misrepresented . 
  i do n't know where that stereotype came from . 
  there are surely assholes , and there are cliques of sorts , but generally the ` jocks ' are really nice and act really cool to everyone . 
   there was a free bus that picked you up and dropped you off from home/school . 
  is it not like this in europe ? 
  also , most of this is spot on , but in high school , you can choose between electives based off of what you plan to do after high school , but most classes are required courses that everyone takes . 
  from the stories that i 've heard , during his crazier years he apparently had syphilis . 
  but it was still the ideology that led to such chaos , not a mental illness , so yes , you 're right . 
  although you can make the argument that hitler was insane , do the thousands of nazi prison workers count as insane ? 
  or islamic terrorists ? 
  i watch bbc and al jazeera mostly , but i also try to watch cnn international when i can . 
  fellow american here wondering the same . 
  just go home . 
  are you a deliberate troll ? 
  do n't tell estonia that . 
  you have to remember that it was the older generation that brought europe together , and the younger folks from that time period have grown up now . 
  new jerseyer here , and people tend to be much more intelligent and aware of whats going on ( do n't be fooled by jersey shore ) . 
  the schools also set high standards though and the state sits on the crossroads of philadelphia and nyc . 
  city folks tend to be smarter than rural residents . 
  does this mean poland can finally into space ? 
  it 's gon na be hard to make counterpoints to your argument seeing how the subject seems to change every sentence , but here i go . 
   contrary to popular opinion , scotland would not be better off : it is only 10 % the gdp of the uk . 
  scotland is about 10 % of the population , leaving about the same gdp per capita still . 
   that would make the uk essentially what north america is now : an extremely powerful , dominating southern state and a weak , friendly , follow-the-leader northern state . 
  yet canada 's population is treated better in most categories than the us . 
  also , scotland would still have very strong relations with england , giving scotland the same benefits of having a powerful southern neighbor like canada , like knowing that you have a neighbor ready to help out in any crisis or having a large navy protecting your borders . 
   people need to stop saying , `` scotland can have the nordic model '' because it can only have a canadian model . 
  i do n't get what you mean by this . 
  the nordic model has to do with social democracy , not anything you 've previously mentioned . 
  and i 've never heard of this `` canadian model '' , but even if it were a `` canadian model '' , is that supposed to by bad ? 
  canada is a pretty awesome country , you know . 
   the nordic model and the canadian models , while both give a fair degree of average happiness because of the welfare systems , are separated by the surrounding states and the fact they have different geography : the nordic states are not dominated by their neighors denmark is dominated by germany in the same fashion as canada is with the us , though i ca n't really say the same for the other nordic countries . 
   ( unless we 're being honest , in which case we call all acknowledge that sweden is the nordic model , and that it dominates north europe . ), 
  erm ... it does ? 
   then there are a host of problems : are they going to share currencies ? 
  we end up with a piigs problem . 
  scotland would probably want the euro as a first choice , though they might want the pound . 
  why would scotland be a piigs country though ? 
   how are they going to regulate the border ? 
  presumably , yes . 
  they have no problem with an open uk border , so i do n't see why a schegen area-type border would be a problem . 
   as an america , a split uk is easier to manipulate . 
  england is still powerful ( a 10 % reduction in economic size puts it around italy ) and can be a useful international ally . 
  1 ) american * 2 ) of course england would still hold much influence over scotland , and with an even more independent government , i do n't see how england can really hold control over scotland more than it does now . 
   he british navy wo n't disappear overnight . 
  yet , scotland becomes a paper boat on the waves of american economic dominance ( presuming that the coming european showdown results in a collapse ) . 
  i see no reason why a independent scotland would mean an indepedent-from-the-us britain . 
  i highly doubt an independent would depend more on america than england for assistance . 
  scotland would still hold great ties with america , but nowhere near the ties with england . 
  you wo n't elect conservatives who bow to our geopolitical will ? 
  how quaint , you do know we 're rich and can buy 2.5 million votes if its worth it ? 
  so you 're saying england would bend the elections ? 
  the fuck ? 
  explanation as to why ? 
  * twitch *, 
  well seeing how america got its influence from the british empire , i think it would be more sensible to chant england england england in this situation . 
  america never had a naming crisis . 
  our name , `` united states of america '' , suggests we are a union of slightly sovereign states on the american continent . 
  we never denied the fact that we stole land from the native americans . 
  we know this . 
  and of course it would be the greek on here that would make such a big deal over its name . 
  i do n't think anyone minds when cities or states/provinces are named after already existing regions , so why should n't the republic of macedonia be named as such ? 
  as an american reading about the macedonia naming situation , wtf europe ? 
  greece is going through its worst crisis in its history , the rest of europe is going through a debt crisis , the eu is in chaos , and you ca n't just let macedonia pick its own name ? 
  macedonia would have been in the eu about as fast as croatia if it were n't for greece and her silly antics . 
  the media definitely loves reporting on it , but i 've tried discussing it with my peers and they do n't seem to even care about that . 
  the most they know in europe right now is that socialism is popular . 
  this is only from my accounts , however . 
  i was always under the impression that azerbaijan was completely free and democratic . 
  i guess i 'm very wrong about that . 
  american here , but i have danish and british friends with a turkish/scottish friend living in spain . 
  i would 've never guessed there was a crisis if you had n't told me . 
  and i do n't think half the people in this country even know what 's going on in europe . 
  mount vesuvius is too far from the earthquake to have been related . 
  mount vesuvius is in campania , the earthquake was in emilia-romagna . 
  i 'm simply interested in european politics , history , culture , but mainly politics . 
  i love the idea of the european union personally . 
  well , if golden dawn hypothetically did seize power , then you could imagine they would easily control the masses . 
  well , it made a massive comeback after 1933 , but yes , it was n't until after wwii that it was fully recovered . 
  major communities with high amounts of immigrants have been shown to have voted up to 20 % for golden dawn . 
  hate to say it , but it definitely is immigration that is a driving factor behind golden dawn 's rise . 
  i think it 's appropriate in this situation to say this guy is literally hitler . 
  actually , according to wikipedia , it 's just below the eu 's total exports , again , or , at least in 2009 it was . 
  source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_oil_exports, 
  my guess is that they 're offshore . 
  i could n't imagine oil reserves on land . 
  well , with the way tunisia is coming out of the arab spring , i would say it 's definitely on a good path to democracy and freedom .
