spain : favourite : andorra least favourite : morocco ( they are beyond disgusting ), 
  obama is so weak on this issue . 
  every city has those buses you are not special, 
  do you really need papers to travel ouside russia ? 
  join us, 
  catalonia is not a country, 
  my sister speaks 6 languages she must be insane . 
  your mad, 
  there wont be any referendum because its illegal . 
  catalonia is spain, 
  im amazed that spain , being the worlds biggest wine producer , still preffers beer . 
  also snobish luxembulgarians and their appetite for wine . 
  dep in rip, 
  do you actually beleive what you are saying ? 
  there were tbousands of kids throwing stones to the police . 
  and you are telling me all of them were secret police ? 
  also you are justifying violent acts just because there is viollence on the other side of the espectrum too . 
  everything i posted is true, 
  thank god we have a great riot police . 
  left wing radicals are very violent in spain . 
  the demonstrators were all left wing extremists . 
  the spanish term is dog ~ flute . 
  its a kind of radical wich can turn violent . 
  there should have been more anti riot police . 
  we cant allow hooligan demonstrators to run our country . 
  they are probably poor russians trying to emigrate to a better nation . 
  starvin marvins . 
  what can we do to stop this ? 
  they are amerindian like this http://i.imgur.com/g6zgm8h.jpg, 
   argentina  white, 
  they voted on a constitution wich allowed that . 
  spain owes nothing to the catalans , i ` ts exactly the opposite . 
  why does n't america let kansas go ? 
  the whole independentist movement in catalonia derives from the huge debt mess over there . 
  the current ruling party in catalonia uses it as a tool to get better finance , and as a way to confirm ( failing btw ) their leadership in the mess that is catalonian politics . 
  i will link you to a comment i made months ago about why catalonia should n't be independent . 
  spain would be better off . 
  catalonia is financed by the spanish goverment since they are in a huge debt mess . 
  the basque country is financially independent already . 
  in spain you dont get a passport , you get a residence permit wich only applies to spain , so its not even like a visa . 
  also the house must be 160.000 $ . 
  prostitutes, 
  do you know the meaning of contraband ? 
   have i been reading the news wrong ? 
  yes . 
  get over it . 
  grow up, 
   back, 
  your flag is insulting to your nation . 
  im a spaniard in favour of the current status quo in regards of the gibraltar issue . 
  just as long as you dont interfere with our police catching drug traffickers who use gibraltar as a refugee . 
  and as long as you dont send your rotten nuclear submarines to fix them right on our coast . 
  having said that , i oppose any pressure on our side , and i acknowledge our faults like the fishermen who shouldnt fish in your waters . 
  we basically should support your integration as neighbours and treat you as if you were andorra , basically . 
  and im glad the regular brit would downvote you . 
  peace . 
  get over it, 
  that it is not european . 
  bullshit article . 
  bullshit newspaper . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  british economic newspapers should be banned in this subreddit . 
  but i would like to stay in europe . 
  i want to vacation in greece now :(, 
  nice proof, 
  great britain is not a country, 
   they are already corrupt give names . 
  people here canalize their anger throug protesting . 
  its a way of showing the terrorists that we , united are stronger than them . 
  in the demonstrations against the terrorist bombing of the atocha station in march 2004 , about 25 % of the country went to the streets . 
  in madrid 2 million people gathered ( half of the city ) source : http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/reactions_to_the_2004_madrid_train_bombings, 
  there is tons of corruption in the history of podemos, 
  spain has great infrastructures, 
  pp is just a conservative party . 
  the populists are podemos . 
  and he is the best president we ever had, 
   turkey  european, 
  but you are a dictatorship , not a democracy . 
  would you dare to critisize the king here ? 
  even if it was just as a joke ? 
  here in spain people shit on the king constantly , we have several republican parties . 
  you may have a `` constitution '' on paper but it does n't mean you have western freedoms or democracy levels . 
  you are light years away from being a modern parlamentary monarchy like the european ones . 
   if you are find with getting punched in the face for disrespecting a symbol or thing of something that somebody else loves or adores then express all you want . 
  how does this apply to mohamed cartoons ? 
  poland is eastern europe , not central . 
  roma , that 's the etnicity of romanians , right ? 
  as a spaniard , i totally agree with that . 
  la linea de la concepcion . 
  came here to post this . 
  yes, 
  thanks morocco / s, 
  shut up nerd, 
  i want to go to georgia now . 
  do you have qt3 .14 's there ? 
  you must be so smart . 
  btw ive been on reddit for almost 9 years . 
  youve been here for just 1, 
  then stop being a filthy perroflauta . 
  wash your hair and get a job,
