  back then people were borrowing money they could never pay back in order to construct buildings where there was no demand for them . 
  that 's why we had a bust . 
  the notion that widespread construction automatically means a bubble economy is just silly . 
  this time the amount that anyone can borrow is under tight restrictions and demand for housing is sky high so if you see cranes around dublin city it 's because people or companies took out loans they could afford to pay back in order to build them and they will be sold to people who desperately need housing and those people will also take out a mortgage that they can afford to pay back . 
  exactly , the eu commission gets a lot of bad press for being full of unelected bureaucrats but you can say the same of the entire us cabinet . 
  fyi , guinness and ryanair borrowed the harp from ireland , not the other way around . 
  personally , i think that 's a terrible idea . 
  i think his biggest threat is not enough left-wing voters coming out to vote for him in the second round . 
  he 'll need them if he 's going to beat le pen at that stage but if he starts parroting le pen , why would the bother turning up to chose tweedledum or tweedledee ? 
   if europe is attacked we all give our all to defend it yeah , then you 're anti-neutrality . 
  you 're confusing neutrality with a policy of non-belligerence . 
  a neutral country does not make any military alliances and therefore does not aid anyone who 's being attacked . 
  in return a neutral country does not expect to be defended by anyone else and takes its defence into its own hands . 
  switzerland is a truly neutral country since it has an army and capable of defending itself from an external attack . 
  ireland is realistically speaking not neutral . 
  it is merely neutral in name and gets away with that because the irish government knows that its neutrality will never be contested . 
  we do n't have the capacity to defend ourselves and our policy is to expect help if there 's any invasion . 
  ireland is a non-belligerent country . 
  we ca n't be truly neutral until we have an army capable of defending the country and that will take far more troops and money than the swiss have since we have more land to defend that 's easier to invade . 
   if this goes ahead there needs to be recognition of the neutral counties like ireland , spain , portugal , sweden , andorra . 
  a few problems here . 
  first of all , spain and portugal are nato members and not at all neutral . 
  secondly , andorra is n't in the eu so it wo n't affect them . 
  thirdly , you did n't include the other non-belligerent/neutral eu countries ; austria and finland . 
  but i see your point . 
  i 'm happy with ireland 's current non-belligerent policy but if another eu country gets attacked , i think we should contribute however we can . 
  given our troops ' expertise , it 'd likely be in a post-engagement peacekeeping role . 
  and while i would be weary about ireland being dragged into a conflict that goes against our standing foreign policy , i do n't see that as a possibility . 
  i reckon any future integration of european defence will be sensitive of the positions of the eu 's pre-existing non-belligerent states and would likely grant them whatever opt-outs they desire . 
  you 're really reaching now . 
  czech is pronounced the way it is because that 's the correct way of pronouncing it , not from word of mouth . 
  also , chia and czechia is not comparable in terms of pronunciation because they do not share common etymologies ( chia comes from spanish , not czech ) . 
  a basic knowledge in linguistics will tell you that you ca n't use words borrowed from one language as a guide to pronounce words borrowed from another . 
  lastly , according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/czechia ) , the [ ipa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_english ) spelling for czechia is\u02c8 / \u02c8t\u0283\u025bki.\u0259 / , not / \u02c8t\u0283\u025bt\u0283i.\u0259 / . 
  the t\u0283 symbol means ch while the k symbol is the same as in the english alphabet . 
  in / \u02c8t\u0283\u025bki.\u0259 / we see one t\u0283 and one k , not two of t\u0283 . 
   che-cheea is how , one unfamiliar with the word czechia would pronounce czechia i wo n't deny that , but it is properly pronounced chekia in english . 
  in the the words `` czech republic '' the ch at the end is pronounced like a k. czechia is just removing republic and adding the letters ia . 
  adding ia does n't change the pronunciation of the ch . 
  if it was pronounced checheea in english , then czech republic would have been pronounced chech republic . 
  a lot of people think it 's pronounced checheea , but it 's actually pronounced chekia . 
  not really . 
  it 's pronounced chekia , not checheea . 
   atlantic archipelago dat cultural sensitivity . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  well i will get enjoyment out of dup 's reaction to it . 
  i do n't think think that it 's unsafe to assume that quite a lot of unionists would be upset with having customs checks between northern ireland and britain . 
  ah sure why not go all the way then . 
  the uk has shown time and time again that they just do n't care about northern ireland . 
  it 's 3 % of the population and 2 % of the gdp . 
  in ireland you 'd be a major part of the country and you 'd have far more clout in the decision making process and therefore have much better control over your destiny than you do under the uk . 
  that 's because norway and switzerland comply with the movement of people . 
  the uk is ruling that out so they 're not comparable to norway and switzerland . 
  yeah . 
  sorry i did n't specify that . 
  dublin is much better craic than london , you 'll love it . 
  try to visit galway too and it 's nearby scenic destination ; connemara . 
  that 's actually being disputed in the irish courts right now . 
  i ca n't wait until the unionists lose their shit over this . 
  one potential roadblock i can see to this is the eu not permitting ireland to have an open border with a non-eu member . 
  if this becomes an issue i hope that fact that the common travel area predates the eu will be a sufficient reason to allow it . 
  may has been forshadowing this for months . 
  oops . 
  i definitely do n't condone that . 
  never say that in the presence of an irish person if you value your life . 
  besides , lucky charms are as irish as taco bell is mexican . 
  no , the scottish gaelic culture and language was indigenous to ireland , not the people . 
   what trade does n't come from the eu comes from britain not true at all . 
  [ the country that we trade the most to is the us . 
  ] ( http://www.worldstopexports.com/irelands-top-import-partners/ ), 
  yeah , they make a lot of sweeping generalisations to make their point . 
  this is why royal families are a bad idea . 
  democratically elected heads of state can be assholes or weirdos from time to time but at least you can be assured that they and their families will be gone when their term limit runs out and that you can actively vote against them . 
  i can never respect anyone or ever take them seriously if i find out that they believe in ghosts . 
  i 'd hate to be a kid with that name . 
  he 'll always just be another jack . 
  there must be many of them . 
  when i was growing up it was david and katie . 
  in my secondary school year , out of about 110 , there was 7 davids and 6 katies . 
  1 in 8 lads was david . 
  most of them were known by their nicknames ( or surnames but my year was a great one for nicknames ) to keep things easier . 
  there was only one other guy in my year with my name and in first year he puked on a bus so he was eternally pukey and i was known by my own name . 
  things are more complicated now . 
  my nephew 's father ( my brother-in-law ) , only uncle ( me ) and godfather all have the same first name . 
  wow , it 's almost beyond belief . 
  almost everyone 20 years his junior ( a staggeringly long amount of time at that age ) would be incapable of this . 
  ireland has won the eurovision more than sweden , just saying . 
  i 'll take your word for it but what 's your point exactly ? 
  especially when limerick is missing . 
  in victoria ii , there 's a mod ( i think gsg vickymod ) that includes a decision to carve up switzerland between france and germany . 
  it 's a really handy decision when you 're steamrolling through the game as gro\u00dfdeutschland and you * just have to * get all the german speaking territories of europe . 
  good luck finding any german speakers under the age of 80 in alsace-lorraine . 
  from galway and only ever heard boggers use it . 
  and if italy is daddy christmas then irish should be daddy christmas too . 
  every country complains about their country and every country thinks they complain about their country more than others . 
  go to any country subreddit and you 'll find most of them are full of people complaining . 
  a classic case of russia looking backwards in time instead of forwards . 
  the greek influence on russian was pretty cool you guys but that was a long time ago . 
  interesting , in ireland , d\u00fan means fort . 
  must be that celtic connection .
