  it 's not the main language in malta though . 
  25 % of the population ca n't speak it . 
  in ireland effectively 100 % of the population speak english . 
  were n't those regions the most in favour of brexit ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  i ca n't explain the french , but quite a lot of people from northern ireland identify more with the irish flag than any other , so it 's not uncommon to see them flying the irish tricolour . 
  depends on the person . 
  i do n't understand the hate though . 
  classic brexiter , making completely irrelevant comparisons to britain 's victorious past , past being the operative word . 
  but let me put the debate in terms you 'll understand . 
  the difference is that all those times the uk hand these countries asses to them , it was actually the us who was doing it with the uk doing little more than cheering the us on from their corner . 
  this time the us is not only absent from the fight , it 's sympathetic to the eu . 
  no , renegotiate nothing . 
  if they want back it should be all or nothing , including the euro . 
  i always thought it was germany . 
  no , it 's the states . 
  they helped us out with the peace process , invest a shit ton into the country and there 's the massive diaspora link . 
  there 's also the special treatment we get including the paddy 's day meeting . 
  all in all we get far more from the us than any small netral country has the right to . 
  probably quite high tbh . 
  do n't blame yourself , it 's likely that the journalist just cherry picked criminals from countries that would resonate the most with british racists as being criminal . 
  it borders on fascism because it vilifies a specific community of people in order to achieve a goal . 
  for fascists the goal is political power , for a newspaper , it 's selling copies . 
  it creates an ideology of us versus them . 
  we are a safe and righteous community . 
  they are outsiders who are corrupting our way of life . 
  we are victims . 
  i know that it 's a clich\u00e9 to use the term fascism as a hyperbolic insult , but in this case , it happens to be true that this newspaper is employing tactics long associated with fascist movements straight out of the 1930s . 
  exactly . 
  i was even careful not to call it outright fascist , but to say that it borders on fascism . 
  there 's a few people here asking what the problem is . 
  the problem is that it creates a witch hunt . 
  they 're riling up anger by singling out foreigners for crimes that british people are equally capable of committing . 
  what about the british criminals they ca n't get rid of ? 
  this type of journalism borders on fascism . 
  france , so i could still complain about the brits . 
  maybe even france in the 14th century so i could say `` brits out ! '', 
  you made me gag . 
  i think it should be the end goal of the eu but lots of things need to change first . 
  the biggest issue with the eu is that it 's too dominated by nation state level politics . 
  i think that the best way to do that is to abolish the council . 
  executive powers should trancend national boundaries . 
  there are two possible ways of doing this . 
  the first is the american ( or republican ) system whereby the people of europe directly elect an eu president who has full executive powers and who then appoints the comission with approval from the eu parliament . 
  then there 's european ( or parliamentary democracy ) sytem whereby the executive powers are held by the the eu parliament who , following and election , must form a government . 
  the leading party or coalition of parties forms the government who then forms the commission ; i.e. 
  the commission must be made of meps just like how ministers of departments in parliamentary democracies are made up of mps . 
  it ca n't be much worse than the [ pepsi flavoured corn puffs ] ( http://www.eonline.com/eol_images/entire_site/2013716/rs_600x600-130816095532-600.pepsi.jl.081613.jpg ) they had in japan a few years back . 
  26/28 i got the tulip and irish oak ones wrong . 
  i 'm irish , know loads about the history and politics of the country and have never heard of the irish oak being a national symbol . 
  the only place i 've seen it as a symbol is for the [ defence forces training centre . 
  ] ( http://www.military.ie/typo3temp/pics/55ac166755.png ), 
  apparantly the romans . 
  but if you asked me , i want its name changed too . 
  there 's no glory being named after the [ most polluted sea in the world ] ( http://www.greenpeace.org.uk/nuclear/sellafield-nuclear-reprocessing-facility ) . 
  and it 's certainly not fair since the radioactive pollution comes solely from the uk . 
  what authority to a bunch of people who lived 3,000 years ago and as many kilomtres away have in naming the islands ? 
  they should do a eurovision where you do n't know which country the song comes from . 
  it 'd be interesting to see which countries would do well then . 
  it 's impossible to live that long without modern medecine . 
  above average in my country and i have an growth hormone insufficiency . 
  modern medicine is a wonderful thing . 
  i 've always wondered how much taller i 'd have been if i did n't have this condition . 
  the word loan is more accurate . 
  when you say bailout people will assume that ireland is not liable to pay it back since that 's often what a bailout implies . 
  and that 's not why we had a bailout . 
  we had a banking crisis and the irish government guaranteed the banks which in turn made it liable for billions . 
  unlike greece , it had nothing to do with our budget . 
  in spite of our low corporate tax rate we were consistently getting budget surpluses until the financial crisis . 
  it 's not like we needed a bailout because we were refusing to accept $ 13b from apple . 
  ireland is only entitled to a fraction of that money as other eu countries are entitled to their share . 
  that 's the point of the article . 
  that means your country has n't claimed its share yet either . 
  and speaking of hypocrisy , as a dutch person you 're hardly in the position to criticise ireland for [ corporate tax evasion . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_sandwich ), 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  do you not understand how to interact with people ? 
  this is not normal behaviour . 
  it was n't a bailout . 
  that 's a myth . 
  ireland will have to pay the money back . 
  it was a loan with very favourable interest rates for the lenders . 
  ireland pays hundreds of millions of euros every year just for the interest alone . 
  given the current growth of the irish economy , in retrospect it was a good investment . 
  the foreign tax payers will get their money back and then some . 
  adieu only really works in writing though . 
  not really . 
  he lost two points from his mean peak and has held at that . 
  that 's within the margin of error meaning that in truth he may not have lost any points . 
  the only thing we can be reasonably sure about is that he has n't had an increase of support . 
  but cameron had a few hundred pro-brexit mps and they were the drving force behind brexit . 
  i do n't think there are many pro frexit mps in the french assembly . 
  yeah , macron has only lost like 1 or two points since before the debates . 
  le pen has lost more . 
  up to 5 points in some cases . 
  i doubt it . 
  the right would all flock to macron in that case . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  so far he 's just eaten up most of hamon 's votes as well as some of le pen 's working class voters . 
  i 'd say that he 'd be more likely to be ahead of le pen than macron .
