  i know that 's very anecdotal but i 've been to france many times and i 've been to other european countries many times and it 's always the same story every time . 
  legislation always takes a while to be enacted , even when it gets past every hurdle on the way . 
  i have found that the less someone knows about the eu , the less they support it , or at least , the more susceptible they are to what the the trend of eu support is . 
  / r/europe is full of people like that . 
  federalists when things are going good and euroscepticis once half a dozen critical opinion pieces are published in the news . 
  this , in a sense , is a failure of the eu . 
  it needs a proper pr machine in order to spread the word of all the great stuff it 's done for europeans . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  he 's a contender in the polls for iowa and leader new hampshire . 
  anyone who has ever won both of those has always gone on to when the democratic nomination . 
  i remember in 2008 , people were ready to write off clinton if she did n't win new hampshire . 
  when it comes to objecting over any form of expansion , the finish and dutch take the cake . 
  worked for us . 
  they 're not , but other european states definitely are . 
  one of the biggest problems in the refugee crisis is the inconsistency in state responses . 
  while states like hungary are working hard other states are kicking it down the road . 
  too many states are too reluctant to hand the responsibility of handling the refugee crisis to the eu while at the same time not doing enough to combat it themselves . 
  that 's a failure of the nation state , not the eu . 
  this article and the comments below it are expanding a dangerous level of ignorance over how the eu actually functions . 
  firstly , by and large the eu works remarkably well , but when one of its functions comes under question , suddenly euroskeptics jump out of the woodwork and claim that the entire system needs to be disbanded . 
  it 's equally as ridiculous as a constituent province of a nation state looking to secede once the state runs into difficulty . 
  we are very forgiving of the nation state , allowing our states to continue in spite of gross mismanagement , so why are we so quick to declare the end of the eu every time it runs into difficulty ? 
  secondly , the greek and refugee crises were handled almost entirely by the governments of eu states and had little to do with the eu 's core functions . 
  the eu is about economic integration and free trade . 
  in the past 20 years it has essentially only dabbled in politics compared to its role in economics , only slowly granting more powers to the eu parliament and commission . 
  the truth is , however , that when it comes to political affairs it takes a backseat to its constituent states ' governments , being represented in discussions as only advisors and arbitrators . 
  in spite of that , whenever these governments fail in their political duties , the eu , and all of its benefits which have nothing to with that particular situation , bear the brunt of the blame . 
  when i first subscribed to / r/europe it was awash with staunch european federalists who have seemingly all embraced euroskepticism in the past few months . 
  it appears that / r/europe is full of uninformed idealists who are easily swayed by the pro-european rhetoric that flowed like wine when times were good , but who were just as easily swayed by the uninformed tabloid pieces as soon as times were bad . 
  i encourage those people to actually read up on how the eu actually works before being so easily convinced by flashy headlines and opinion pieces . 
  your argument perfectly encapsulates the flaw with the recent trend towards euroskeptcism . 
  * nation state * solution to the euro crisis ... kick it down the road , let someone else sort it out * nation state * solution to the greek crisis ... kick it down the road , let someone else sort it out * nation state * solution to the migrant crisis ... kick it down the road , let someone else sort it out response from the general public ... 
  blame the eu . 
  all of those situations relied on individual nations states coming together to sort out the problem ; they hardly ever relied on the eu 's infrastructure . 
  the failure of each of those situations is of the division of europe into nation states , not their integration . 
  a lot of work went into making the eu what it is today . 
  replacing it would not only take years of work and tons of money , there is absolutely no guarantee that it would be any better than the eu, 
  i 'd dispute that , but even if the british empire was the most altruistic of all empires ( it definitely was n't btw ) , it 's wrong-doings still vastly outweighed the benefits it brought . 
  in my own country millions ( which is a lot of people for a small country ) died at the hands of two genocides orchestrated by the british . 
  i never said that i blame britain entirely on it . 
  i 'm just pointing out that britain did n't leave south asia in quite as merry a state as was suggested . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  the british backed partition of india has led to two nuclear armed states in a stand-off for almost 70 years . 
  the brits are the most in denial about how shitty their empire was . 
  the government and even the bbc propagates the myth that the empire 's good outweighed the bad . 
  the one in the back is usually the instructor . 
  why would n't they ? 
  the poor whites that put trump ahead in michigan , ohio , wisconsin and pennsylvania mostly voted for obama in 2008 and 2012 . 
  if they were willing to vote for a black man with one of the most left-leaning vote records in that senate , why would n't they vote for another white guy , especially one who 's anti-wallstreet . 
  i still do n't think it 's likely . 
  the economist explained that the polls were wrong because they [ underestimated the high turnout for poor whites ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/economist-explains/2016/11/economist-explains-3 ) . 
  the exact same thing happened for brexit . 
  turnout has been consistently low in all us elections and they 've always been close , so even a 10 % rise in turnout ( which is not unlikely since it 's already so low ) can have a dramatic effect . 
  however , france is different . 
  first of all , the current polls have a massive margin between the two likely contenders of the second round , alain jupp\u00e9 and marine la pen , with around 30 points between the two candidates . 
  however , even if like the us election and the brexit referendum poor uneducated turn out in droves , marine still ca n't close that collosal gap . 
  the reason for this is that french presidential election turnout is already incredibly high . 
  for the 2012 election it was 80 % !, 
  that means that even if the remaining 20 % turned up and all voted for la pen , jupp\u00e9 would still have a slim majority . 
  ** tl ; dr ** : maths show that even with an insanely large margin of error for the polls , la pen still ca n't win . 
  the minorities were hardly going to vote for trump though . 
  they 'd have stuck with the democratic ticket and bernie would have then been able to steal some of trump 's base , the poor whites . 
  yeah , because the administration of northern ireland has been a model of how to rule over a divided community . 
  get over yourself . 
  reposts are fine in general , but [ i posted this less than two weeks ago . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/59ot67/ireland_may_suffer_the_most_from_brexit/ ) in future , if you 're not sure if something has been reposted , you can use the reddit search bar with the url . 
  if the link has been used before you 'll get a list of each post . 
  if not , it 'll redirect you to the submit a link page . 
  it 's cool , but calling it a language is probably a bit of an overstatement . 
  if anything it 's like a code since it 's just emulating spanish phonology . 
  farage 's argument is such bollocks . 
  he says `` she gave parliament a veto '' but she did in her arse . 
  she just clarified the law . 
  had no one brought this case forward may would have triggered article 50 without parliamentary support which would have been ultimately illegal . 
  like she said , farage should be thanking her , she ensured that there 'd be no way for people to undermine the legitimacy of article 50 being invoked since now we can be sure that it 'll be invoked legally , with parliament 's approval . 
   the article 's claim is that second language speakers understand each other better than they understand natives . 
  that 's kind of horseshit . 
  my wife is n't a native english speaker and neither is her coworker . 
  as a result there tends to be misunderstandings and confusion between the two from time to time . 
  in general it means the chances of misunderstanding each other is much higher than native on native or second language on native . 
  also , when a second language speaker and a native speaker interact , there 's still less room for confusion . 
  generally the native speaker will be better at picking up on any mistakes and be able to ask for clarification . 
  there 's also the understanding that the native speaker will almost always be right when it comes to a disagreement about the english language ( i.e. 
  grammar or the meaning of a word ) . 
  when such a disagreement occurs between two second language speakers , neither person has the authority to say whether it is correct or not leading to further confusion . 
  for example my wife 's co-worker does n't speak english as well as my wife but she actually considers herself to be better . 
  this means when she makes a mistake in english and my wife does n't understand , she assumes that my wife is at fault when in fact it was her inferior english that lead to the confusion ( i 'm not taking my wife 's word on it , i 've read emails between the two ) . 
  if my wife was a native english speaker , her co-worker would n't be able to make that assertion and she 'd have to take the responsibility for her inferior language skills . 
  mutiny is the word you 're looking for . 
  a coup d'\u00e9tat is a term that 's exclusive to overthrowing the government by force . 
  not sure why the eu has been so hostile against ireland 's tax laws recently . 
  given the irish public 's veto on any eu treaty change it seems a little short sighted . 
  it 's not just high english literacy . 
  it 's other factors such as a highly educated populace and the use of the euro . 
  not many other countries boast high english literacy , highly educated population and the euro . 
  on top of that , ireland 's closer geographic proximity to the us is also a boon . 
  not does it mean one time zone closer , it means quicker flights from the us to eu head offices . 
  on top of all that , ireland is routinely considered one of the best places to do business in based on its business friendly laws and that does n't just mean its tax rate . 
  these advantages all together are what makes ireland a home for these businesses . 
  the tax rate , although an important one , is just one factor out of many that attracts business to ireland .
