  personally , my definition is if you can speak a language well enough to easily have a chat with someone in it , order something at a restaurant or call up a dentist and make a reservation etc. 
  you can claim to speak it . 
  dubs always tell me this but the truth is , outside dublin , quite a lot of people speak irish . 
  in galway alone , i 'd say a large majority of people can speak it , to varying degrees of course . 
  i ca n't imagine ireland being that low , certainly not as low as the uk . 
  although the number of irish speakers is sadly , lower than it should be ( around 55 % ) that alone makes up about 1.6 meaning that no one in ireland can speak anything other than english and irish . 
  given that this was based on a eurobarometer poll , i reckon that what we 're seeing here is a cultural difference in what the ability ascertains whether or not you can speak a language . 
  many people i know who have intermediate irish will not say they can speak irish because they feel you can not claim that unless you 're fluent . 
  meanwhile , i 've met people from other nationalities who claim they can speak several languages , including ones which they have elementary knowledge of or counting languages which are very similar to their native tongue even though they 've never expressly learnt said language , which in my mind , certainly does n't count . 
  that does n't stop them though . 
  this has absolutely nothing to do with irish nationalism . 
  since when has sticking up for france been irish nationalism ? 
  you 're just looking at my flair without properly reading what i had to say . 
  seriously , a lot of the time , articles praising ireland are posted in r/ireland and r/europe and while in the latter , they 're greeted with figurative pats on the back , the comments in the former are full if scathing cynicism . 
  and yet it has a larger gdp than the uk . 
  also , so what if st. pancras is ravamped and gare du nord is n't . 
  that 's taking the one thing british rail has over french rail . 
  their network is faster , more modern and more efficient than the british network . 
  leave it to the brits to bring up their one example of dominance in an otherwise poor showing . 
  it 's just like how they always boast about their massive victory in the battle of agincourt , a battle they won in a war they completely lost . 
  seriously , if we had a vote on it , you could expect  90 % in favour of staying . 
  first of all , it 's ireland or eire . 
  we own 80 % of the island ( including its most northern point ) and it 's our official state name . 
  second of all , the value of our trade to the rest of the eu is far greater than to the uk as is our trade with the uk . 
  we left the uk , the monarchy and the commonwealth . 
  the uk leaving the eu is just another way we can disassociate ourselves with it . 
  to be honest , i do n't know . 
  my irish has degraded to the extent were i can only say i 'm fluent in a perceptive sense . 
  i can perfectly understand written and spoken irish but have problems writing and speaking . 
  well it 's fuinnimh in irish and i 'm not seeing that . 
  and yes it 's an official european language, 
  someone 's bitter . 
  if you do n't like a government policy , vote the government out . 
  what they 're doing achieves nothing . 
  besides , if anything we 've been lucky having free water up until this point . 
  a lot of people make the argument that water should be free because of its abundance in ireland but these people have no understanding of how complex and expensive it is to prepare water for consumption and installing water meters will reduce the abuse of the water we have access to . 
  although the romans called it that millennia ago , it 's first real use was in the late 16th century . 
  under elizabeth i 's rein , her advisor , john dee , tried to use introduce it as a way to justify the occupation of ireland . 
  here 's an extract from the [ wikipedia article ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_isles_naming_dispute ) on the british isles naming dispute : dee used the term `` brytish iles '' in his writings of 1577 , which developed his arguments claiming these territories . 
  [ 113 ] this appears to be the first use of a recognisable version of the modern term . 
  every dub has a soft spot for galway though . 
  for irish people it has to be cork . 
  sometimes other places get a bad rap like limerick also known as stab city . 
  yeah , you trade more with little old ireland than with big old india . 
  ireland trades more with the us and belgium than with the uk . 
  that means that the two tiny nations of ireland and belgium do more trade than the uk and india . 
  my mistake . 
  out of date , croatia should be with the uk , bulgaria and romania . 
  sounds like you know nothing about serbia . 
  i thought it was the best one in the list . 
  i do n't blame you , [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nelson's_pillar#destruction ) what happened to a pillar in central dublin dedicated to admiral horatio nelson . 
  haha , did the same . 
  we 're awful gobshites . 
  that 's not siberia though , it 's just outer manchuria . 
  the colombia and brazil match ought to be good . 
  i reckon there 'll be lots of goals on both sides . 
  i hope colombia wins though . 
  brazil has had their fair share of world cup victories . 
  some bog hole . 
  yeah , you got rid of your bourbons a long time ago . 
  also , they get stuff wrong a lot . 
  they had piece on japan and how young people across the country are shunning sex . 
  i 've lived in japan for 3 years and never seen anything like these from any of the young japanese people i know . 
  additionally , there was a plethora of replies by professionals debunking their claims and ridiculing their sources another piece that they ran recently was how the lgbt community are more accepted here and that same-sex marriage is n't seen as a big deal . 
  they were massively wrong here . 
  same-sex marriage is n't legal here for one and there is very little political motivation towards it . 
  also , the whole lgbt scene is behind closed doors at all times . 
  while there 's not a lot of open discrimination against lgbt individuals , it 's very much a case of do n't ask do n't tell . 
  a lot of older and naive japanese people think homosexuality is a gaijin ( foreigner ) thing . 
  since seeing these two large slip ups with regard to something i 'm familiar with , it makes me wonder what else they 're getting wrong . 
  it was n't the words that they had in common , it was the structure , syntax and grammar , none of which korean and japanese shared with chinese . 
  yeah , [ here 's ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/altaic_languages ) the wikipedia article on altaic languages and you can see that they include both korean and japanese . 
  it 's becoming more accepted as an outlier in the altaic branch . 
  i know koreans who said japanese had a lot in common with korean and i even knew a mongolian guy living in japan who said the same . 
  my english is native . 
  my irish is somewhere between native and fluent , i started young but not young enough , i trust my gut like in english but my vocabulary and grammar is too sub-par to be considered native . 
  i mostly learned it in school , as it 's compulsory for everyone but i come from a part of ireland were it 's more common and i was lucky enough to go to a gaelscoil , for my primary ( elementary ) school education , where i did all my studies through irish . 
  my french is advanced but not quite fluent . 
  i mostly learned this from an academic point of view , starting in secondary school ( 7th grade ) and finishing it after my fourth and final year in college ( year 3 was in france ) as one of my two majors . 
  as a result of it being more academic , i can right 3,000 word essays about french literature in french but conversationally , i 'm lacking . 
  japanese is upper intermediate . 
  i moved to japan 3 years ago ( and leaving in just over a month ) and i arrived with hardly any japanese at all . 
  over time i picked it up , necessity being the mother of invention and all . 
  as a result my japanese is very casual and i speak very regional japanese , the [ kansai dialect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kansai_dialect ) . 
  i 'm actually far more comfortable speaking japanese on a day to day basis than i am with french but academically speaking , i 've never read a book or even ever studied japanese before . 
  i never bothered taking the offical test , the jlpt ( japanese language proficiency test ) because it 's in no way tailored for my style of japanese . 
  i 'm not scandinavian but from my experience meeting them , having such a well run country makes for some very smug people . 
  literally every scandinavian person i 've ever met always talks about how great their country is and how shitty everyone else 's is . 
  also , i have a friend who lived in denmark and he said it was very progressive and nice but that it was the most boring place he 'd ever been . 
  that having been said , they really do put the rest of us to shame . 
  even their language and badass viking history is cool . 
  i 'd actually love to learn a scandinavian language . 
  i already speak four languages ( english , irish , french and japanese ) and they 're all from different language groups ( germanic , celtic , romantic and altaic ) . 
  it would be interesting to try a language that 's actually in the same group as my native tongue . 
  the thing is , there will never be a federal eu state with britain , that 's never going to happen . 
  i 'm surprised no one caught the remark made by the reporter when the frenchman was going through the hole . 
  `` rather and inelegant view of a french tunnel there '' . 
  i went to belgrade in 2002 . 
  it 's a beautiful city and so is the surrounding countryside . 
  [ this explains it rather well ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/25md8x/this_map_shows_which_export_makes_your_country/chim38i ) , props to u/whowhatwherenow,
