  i honestly do n't see any scenario where a no vote would be better than a yes vote , even in the best case scenario . 
  you 're deluded buddy . 
  sure , the eurozone would take a knock if greece leaves but the other eurozone countries are n't stupid . 
  even if greece leaving creates a lot of instability , it would still be nothing compared to the absolute clusterfuck that the creation of 19 new currencies where there was once one would be . 
  you also have to factor in that the eurozone is recovering now . 
  every single other eurozone country would gladly take a slighty depressed but growing euro over the absolute uncertainty of creating their own currency . 
  things were much worse 3 years ago when ireland , portugal , italy and spain were fucked . 
  now all 4 of those are at worse stable and at best , doing well . 
  if the euro stayed together 3 years ago when things were worse , why would it come apart now ? 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  if greece gets its debt restructured , ireland and portugal will want the same . 
  that has the potential to be an even worse crisis . 
  how will voting no result in less austerity ? 
  if there 's a no vote , greece wo n't get any more money from the eu/imf/ecb etc. 
  this means that greece will have to get money on the bond market but it 's bonds are junk so it wo n't get nearly enough money . 
  in fact , it will get less money at a much higher interest rate . 
  because it 'll have less money , it will be forced into austerity , likely much worse than it currently has . 
  it 's like falling off a cliff , landing on a safety net and being upset about having to climb up the cliff instead of being lifted up and then deciding to jump from the safety net in the hopes of another safety net being further down which has a lift all the way to the top of the cliff again . 
  there 's no lift and there 's only one safety net . 
  a very strong export based economy , especially in pharmaceuticals . 
  it looks like for persimmon , czech borrowed the japanese word kaki , while russian took the latin root for shit . 
  yeah , my sisters and i speak it , but my parents , grand parents and , as far as i know , great grandparents never spoke any . 
  that 's true , but i was in a rush when i wrote it and could n't go into too much detail . 
  ireland is the end game for the growing influence of the english . 
  it started off as a useful language of commerce . 
  then parents taught it to their kids because it 's useful . 
  then those kids hardly spoke irish because all of their generation spoke english and they worked through english and finally they just stopped teaching their kids irish all together . 
  they did n't put up much of a fight in 1940 , what makes you think they 'd fight now ? 
  that is not the definition of a bailout , it 's the definition of a loan . 
  with a bailout , there is absolutely no obligation to pay it back . 
  with a loan , you must pay if back and with interest . 
  no one bailed ireland out . 
  what we got was a very expensive loan that had an interest rate that was lower than what we would have gotten at the bond market at the time but which was still very generous to those offering it . 
  in fact considering out current growth rate , it turned out to be a very worthwhile investment for the lenders given the likelihood that ireland will be able to pay it back . 
  and do n't act like ireland is still the uk 's whipping boy . 
  true , a country as small as ireland will always need to rely on larger states and institutions in the times of crisis , but the uk is no longer that country . 
  that stopped being the case when we joined the eu and more so the case when we joined the euro and the uk did n't . 
  the uk is n't even ireland 's biggest trade partner anymore , the u.s. is . 
  genetics has nothing to do with it . 
  it 's culture . 
  by your logic , most americans are british too . 
  culturally ireland and britain are very different . 
  anyone who 's been to both countries could tell you that . 
  it really says something that after centuries of rule by the british that we still do n't identify as british in any way . 
  i meant demographically . 
  right now the majority of people in northern ireland are of british descent . 
  however , their majority is exclusive to older people and the so amongst the younger people in northern ireland , people of irish descent are the majority . 
  this means as the older generations die off , the british majority will become slimmer and slimmer until an irish majority emerges . 
  only british people call them the british isles . 
  we 're not british so why would we use that term ? 
  iberia is n't called the spanish peninsula and scandinavia is n't called the swedish peninsula , so why do people use the term the british isles . 
  even the term 's origin was dubious . 
  it was manufactured in the 16th century to justify england 's colonisation of ireland . 
  a large minority of the people in northern ireland ( who 'll become the majority in a few years ) are irish and identify more with that flag than the union jack . 
  it 's not unreasonable that they be allowed to represent their identity by flying the tricolour over their regional government building . 
  ireland 's economy is based on fdi , if you ask ireland to reduce its corporate tax rate , it will lose so much investment that its economy would collapse . 
  if that happens , it 'll need more eu investment than ever . 
  big countries have their big economies to make money . 
  ireland is an underpopulated island with hardly any natural resources . 
  for ireland , it 's one of the only choices it has for having a successful economy . 
  while that 's true , the constitution was written in the 1930 's around the same time that the nazis were in power in germany . 
  also , now that same-sex marriage has been approved , there 's only one real human rights issue left and that 's abortion . 
  but the referendum aspect here is moot since it 's largely the government that 's dragging their feet here , not the people , so removing the requirement of having a referendum is moot . 
  shit , they 're hot on our tails . 
  one more win and they 'll be even with us . 
  the problem with that is that often the interests of the legislators do not coincide with the interests of the people . 
  i 'd much rather have referenda on topics that i very much wanted to pass so long as that also gives me the right to vote against a change that i 'm vehemently opposed to . 
  a perfect example of how this has benefitted ireland is the past referenda on changing the voting system . 
  we currently have pr-stv , but the old leading party , fianna f\u00e1il , were n't happy with thin majorities and twice tried to switch to fpp , which required a referendum to pass . 
  were referenda not a prerequisite for changes to the constitution , we 'd likely still be stuck with that shitty system like the americans and brits . 
  at least it 's legal everywhere in ireland now . 
  there is still one part of the uk where it 's still not legal . 
  but the uk is already federalised in everything but name . 
  in spite of all the autonomy given to wales and scotland , the economy of the uk is based in the south of england . 
  becoming officially federalised will do nothing to stop that , certainly not as long as the conservatives are in power . 
  speaking of the british politics , ireland would be subject to a federal government led by either the labour or conservative party and neither of those parties would have any concern for ireland 's interests . 
  also , our foreign policy is vastly different from the uk and surrendering that to the uk would be a gigantic deal breaker for ireland , especially considering our proud history of neutrality compared to the british army and its role in the iraq and afghanistan wars . 
  dublin would have to be the capital . 
  it would be the largest city in the union ( in the largest and most populous country , including northern ireland ) and aside from brittany , it 's right in the middle of the country . 
  not to mention , it 's already the capital of a country so it has all the required facilities . 
  nope . 
  dublin would practically be a village compared to london if we stayed in the uk , it 's been very clear that for the past 30 years wealth in the uk has been directed south and ireland stands to stay a lot richer independent . 
  there 's no way we 'd have the fdi we have now if we were a part of the uk , it 'd all be in london not dublin . 
  also , there 's a big difference between being independently wealthy and getting handouts from westminster to keep our mouths shut . 
  also , we 're much happier in the eu than out and being a part of the uk would put our eu membership under threat . 
  and president michael d. higgins  the queen . 
  also , for all his faults , enda kenny  david cameron . 
  also why is the french army ranked below the british when the brits only beat them on budget and by a single submarine ? 
  they 're so close in terms of population , and size of their armies that some rankings put the brits ahead and others put the french ahead . 
  with the impending tory cuts , i would n't be surprised if even army expenditure will be below france 's before long . 
  it took a few seconds for my brain to adjust and not see the water bodies as landmasses , i was very confused at first . 
  thank you . 
  i knew sinn f\u00e9in did n't sit their seats , but not being mathematically minded , i had n't realised that it would affect the majority in that way . 
  what does sinn f\u00e9in have to do with the dup going into power with the conservatives ? 
  it 's a [ reference ] ( http://www.eu4wiki.com/ruler ) to the computer game , europa universalis iv . 
  the first number refers to the ruler 's administrative skill , the second their diplomatic skill and the last their military skill . 
  sweden is working under the loophole that although you must join the euro , there 's no requirement to join erm2 which is a prerequisite for joining the euro . 
  i remember reading somewhere that sweden will be allowed to operate under this loophole , but that it was closed up before the 2004 intake , meaning that poland and the czech republic will be obligated . 
  i think the reason why no pressure has been put on countries like poland , the czech republic and hungary is that the eurozone is more preoccupied with fixing the euro first . 
  although it may take a few more years until the eurozone is healthy again , once that happens we might see it pressuring non-members into joining .
