  serbia 's government has already been making huge improvements . 
  had you told me 10 years ago that they 'd come this far by now , i would n't have believed it . 
  i think that in the spirit of the founding of the european coal and steel community , founded in 1952 with west germany as a founding member , just 7 years after the concentration camps closed , serbia has every right to membership . 
  i love how in spite of the fact that russia is and always has been a shithole , some russians delude themselves into thinking that europe is backwards . 
  although that 's true , a dead language is one which does n't have any more native speakers . 
  at around 50,000 , irish is very vulnerable . 
  in a century or two , irish might be spoken by many people ( i believe the numbers are currently on the rise ) but with no native speakers . 
  it depends were you go in ireland . 
  if you just stayed in or near dublin , i 'm not surprised , not much irish is spoken there . 
  on the west coast ( espcially galway ) however , it would n't be very hard to find a gaeilge\u00f3r at all . 
  they employ lots and lots of people . 
  besides , out low corporation tax is only one of the reasons they come . 
  our highly educated work force and the unique combination of the english language and the euro being used in ireland all help to attract icts . 
  in fact , if you try to apply for a job for any of these companies , assuming you want to stay in europe , you 'll have to move to dublin . 
  on a national level , ireland is only 2 places behind france in [ ict development ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ict_development_index ) . 
  dude , you have some great points and i think that the people in the thread that you 're arguing against are somewhat guilty of over vilifying serbia but you 're really not helping yourself of even serbia 's reputation in this subreddit by being a dick about it . 
  you just need to chill and people will listen . 
  not true , although the rain helps , it 's actually the persistent cloud cover . 
  because plants do n't get enough sunlight ( ireland is overcast about 50 % of the time ) they need more chlorophyl to absorb as much of the sparse sunlight as they get . 
  that 's why they 're so green . 
  that did n't mean dick . 
  nato is a whole other kettle of fish . 
  could n't they just neuter it ? 
  you 're right , i half-remembered the information . 
  it that the uk 's trade with ireland is bigger than its trade with india . 
  thanks for pointing that out . 
  i hate when i do that . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  new zealand and australia are all about asian trade . 
  they also have quite sizeable republican movements . 
  there 's a good chance that australia will push the issue when elizabeth ii dies and a majority of new zealanders ( 57 % ) think that their country will become a republic in the future . 
  as for india , the uk 's trade with them is currently negligible . 
  i heard somewhere that india trades more with the republic of ireland than with the uk . 
  canada is more focused with us trade as you mentioned and the us is also more focused on trade with asia and the eu as a bloc . 
  i hear the term special relationship from british politicians frequently , usually when they 're criticising the eu and trying to play up the uk 's international connections . 
  i only hear it from american politicians when they want something from the uk . 
  even ireland , admittedly a very pro-eu country , has shifted it 's trade away from the uk and to the us and eu as a whole . 
  the uk recently dropped to ireland 's number 2 trading partner , behind the usa . 
  the eu as a whole is way ahead of the us , of course . 
  the idea that the uk will make a free trade pact with other countries outside of the eu is nothing other than delusion and fantasy . 
  people always talk about this but if there were to be a referendum on this in ireland it would be 99 % against . 
  people underestimate just how much the irish do n't consider themselves to be british . 
  we always have the most embarrassing news . 
  i like that in the midst of your france bashing , your username is in french . 
  the heritage foundation is speaking in the video . 
  it says it in the backdrop and the speaker announces it within the first 3 seconds of the video . 
  i 'm 1.79 m and and have a growth hormone disorder ( hypopiuitarism ) . 
  if i never had the condition , i would have been about 1.95 m. 
  surely the abolition of slavery is canceled by creating and propagating the slave trade in the first place ? 
  the war of independence had very little to do with the outside . 
  most countries did n't even recognise us until the late '40s . 
  in ireland , about three years ago , the ballpark price for a ps3 game was about $ 50 . 
  when i moved to france , i saw that it was $ 70 . 
  i refuse to buy games from retailers anymore . 
  it 's all amazon or online download these days . 
  the days of the retailer is drawing to an end . 
  they 're also digging their own grave . 
  instead of trying to embrace digital services which are an inevitability , stores like gamestop were boycotting their games . 
  i 'm all for it but there 's 26 other countries i 'd like to invite to it too . 
  i 'd call it , the european federation of states ( efs ) . 
  d\u00fan do chlab , amad\u00e1n . 
   utter nonsense . 
  an idea was kicked around in a discussion about ` encouraging ' people who apparently did n't want to live in the uk to move to the country they did want to live in . 
  it was quickly shot down . 
  and it was n't raised in cabinet . 
  her idea on relocation of the irish was in her own words , based on cromwell 's relocation of populations in ireland . 
  `` nobody could think what it was . 
  so finally i said , are you talking about cromwell , prime minister ? 
  she said , that 's right , cromwell . '', 
   they were terrorists who murdered people . 
  if convicted murderers want to starve themselves to death that 's their business . 
  granted some of the prisoners on hunger strike had committed murder , most were arrested merely for membership of the ira or gun possession , such as bobby sands . 
  the illegal possession of a firearm does not make you a terrorist . 
  then again the british legal system has always stood by the adage , innocent until proven irish . 
   because a bunch of republicans voted for a terrorist , yes . 
  not a bunch of republicans , a majority of constituents who had a legal right as citizens of the uk to vote in whichever candidate they pleased . 
  irishman here . 
  she was extremely difficult to negotiate with during the troubles in northern ireland . 
  she was barely willing to make any concessions where the irish government was and as a result she prolonged the suffering of the conflict . 
  she generally had a very unfavourable if not racist view of the irish saying that we 're `` all liars '' and that the irish population in the north should be `` relocated '' to the republic , an idea that was fortunately rejected immediately by her cabinet . 
  then there 's the 1981 hunger strike where she let prisoners starve themselves to death because they wanted more rights that she would n't allow them , such as the right to wear their own clothes . 
  one of the victims , bobby sands , convicted for 14 year for possession of a handgun , was even a member of the uk parliament . 
  we do n't like , her very much . 
  i can only hazard a guess , but i would say that this reflects that while irish is the first official language of ireland , many people in ireland ca n't speak it . 
  were these people to say that you have to be able to speak the language but who do n't would be admitting that they 're not really irish . 
  i 'm not surprised that ireland holds the no . 
  1 spot for national pride at 99 % . 
  no one can win the eurovision like ireland and no one can troll it like ireland . 
  [ proof ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-n--jnawirk ) . 
  irish people are both self-deprecating and self-obsessed . 
  i reckon that the former is fallout from the centuries of british rule . 
  the latter i 'm less sure about but perhaps it 's from the diaspora and the international presence that it gives this insignificant little island . 
  st. patrick 's day is when our illusions of grandeur are most prominent . 
  we 're also as stoic as it comes . 
  we relish in depression and are unsure how to act in times of prosperity . 
  we take all compliments with a pinch of salt . 
  longford is worse i thinks . 
  not only does leitrim have the distinction of having the lowest population but it has a coast , is on the shannon , has a great little town called carrick-on-shannon and it has beautiful countryside including some of the nicest lakes i 've ever seen in ireland . 
  longford has feck all . 
  if you end up in ireland , you should go to galway which is by far the most bohemian of the irish cities .
