  i think i overstated myself when i assumed that the swiss form of consociationalism to be parallel to that of northern ireland and for that i apologise . 
  it 's anything but . 
  do n't get me wrong , switzerland is a marvellous country that performs excellently , but what they have is far from democracy , it 's consociationalism . 
  it 's basically deformed democracy that allows for minorities to be in power as well as majorities . 
  imagine they used the same thing in the uk . 
  if labour gets 35 % , the conservatives get 40 % and the lib-dems 25 % , what would happen in consociationalism is that labour would get 35 % of cabinet positions in government , the lib-dems 25 % and the conservatives would get 40 % and there would be three prime-ministers from each party . 
  although that makes no sense in the uk , in a country like switzerland ( or a region like northern ireland were it is used in the general assembly ) it is essential because there is an ethnic divide . 
  so what they have in switzerland is by all accounts a brilliant system , it 's technically not democracy . 
  ireland does not have the best . 
  but we do have the most democratic in pr-stv ( proportional representation by single transferable vote ) which is like av , but has multi seat constituencies allowing for small parties to clinch a seat . 
  as a result our current d\u00e1il ( parliament ) contains 6 parties from just two seats to over 75 seats ( out of 166 ) . 
  you may say the same is true for the uk , but that is because there are regional parties from wales , scotland and northern ireland which does not apply to ireland . 
  the drawback is that political parties become too local . 
  you can get elected with about 8,000 votes minimum and as a result politicians spend too much time doing favours for their constituents to get re-elected and not enough time representing in the d\u00e1il . 
  coming from a neutral country , the attitude here is that we do n't care in the slightest . 
  this country is falling about at the seams . 
  says the swiss man ... 
  the title is misleading . 
  the article does not ask this question , it is a critique of the idea that the irish are behaving like teenagers . 
  as for what 's said in the article itself , all i can say directly is here here . 
  the fact is that we 've taken cuts like no one else and yet there is hardly a single strike in the country . 
  take greece , a country plagued by sometimes violent demonstrations , although you ca n't entirely blame them . 
  on the other hand , a country which has done well , but is crippled with strikes is france . 
  if any country is behaving like a teenager it 's france . 
  they do n't know how good they have it and yet they still throw temper tantrums . 
  i think it 's a great idea . 
  i 've always thought that we 've had a lot in common with the lads across the pond , canada especially . 
  look at the [ council of europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/council_of_europe ) which does a lot of things that we think the eu does and was actually what the guys at the time of its creation imagined to by the tool by which we would federalise . 
  anyway , canada are observing members , as is mexico and the usa and japan to a lesser extent , not to mention that both turkey and russia are full members . 
  get this man his flag !, 
  did you just do an erasmus and not get enough credits or something ? 
  i agree . 
  i 'm a federalist but i would be against the eu 's current direction given that it is not moving towards a federal state and if it is , like some people believe/fear , it is in a most disappointingly incoherent manner . 
  the french and british have fought against each other many times in which case both sides lost and won . 
  however , since they first formed an alliance some 100 years ago , they have been an undefeated force for liberty and democracy and so i believe that their military co-operation solidifies this proud history . 
  in reality , it is probably more political anyway , given that the vast majority of things covered in the treaty already exist between the uk and france as well as many other nations in the form of nato . 
  i already speak gaelic and french on top of my native english . 
  i 'm actually moving on to number 4 with japanese . 
  new zealand . 
  there 's a guy that does them . 
  do n't know who though . 
  get this man a flag !, 
  now that is a question . 
  in most cases it is earned , either though excellent internal negations via democratic lines . 
  in some cases , the international society deems it to be suitable , like we saw in a big way after the first world war and in the case of kosovo . 
  personally , i believe the decision to recognise kosovo 's independence was ill-advised and politically motivated which is a pity , you 'd think the eu would lean its lesson , especially considering that their sudden recognition of the former yugoslav states sparked the bosnian war . 
  i 've always said kosovo should n't be given independance . 
  i do n't know about you , but that 's a horrible picture of mrs. ashton . 
  coming from ireland , i can tell you that although this comes across as rather extreme , it is not as abrupt as it seems . 
  we 've all been waiting on this for a long time ( about 2 years ) and the new government will likely take the shape of a very large and stable coalition . 
  what a bunch of cunts , they knew well by initiating the poll that they were going to attack europe 's confidence . 
  it seems as though the smug bastards do n't even care anymore if we know that they 're doing their best to pull it down . 
  well , seeing as 4 % of everything i spend goes towards paying interest towards the bailout , it 's currently very relevant . 
  ooh , nasty . 
  well at least we 're the next most easterly nation to you , i mean , you could be very unlucky and the country that looks like yours could have been sent to somewhere near indonesia or something . 
  i even troll the americans by saying things like `` omg i love canadians ! '', 
  or `` are you guys from mexico or something ? 
  are n't you very cheeky for a belgian . 
  it 's not quite as bad , but i get the same outside if the western world . 
  whenever i say that i 'm from ireland the response is usually `` never heard of it '' or less common is `` is n't that in britain '' . 
  even in western europe there 's some problems . 
  when i was in france , i was talking to some frenchman commenting on the fact that ireland , like france , was also a republic . 
  he could n't understand and insisted that i was wrong and that ireland could n't be a republic . 
  eventually it turned out that he though that the queen was still the irish head of state ( like in canada or australia ) . 
  splitting up the euro is preposterous . 
  what is more likely is that greece and portugal leave the euro . 
  as for ireland , it is important to note that it 's debt is almost purely from the blanket bank guarantee . 
  if the guarantee were to be taken out of the equation , ireland 's debt per capita would be lower than germany 's . 
  unlike portugal and greece who were described in the article as having `` lesser average work weeks , lower productivity rates and lower savings rates '' , ireland has a very high average work weeks and very high productivity ( in the midst of it 's woes , it 's gnp rose significantly in the last quarter ) . 
  they do , it 's called activism . 
  cool . 
  i did n't actually know this was you until i saw it from your profile . 
  no , it 's actually luxembourg closely followed by ireland . 
  [ here 's the wikipedia article on it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption ), 
  i 've been to both countries , each pale in comparison . 
  you know how every once in a while when you drink you just get really badly drunk . 
  that 's what irish people aim for when they go out , that 's the norm . 
  irish people drink a retarded amount of alcohol , that stereotype is completely true . 
  pre-emptive , got it . 
  oh the shame , i 'm irish too btw . 
  i lived in france for 8 months where life was difficult with all the strikes . 
  i hope they learn their lesson for this , although i 'm not holding my breath . 
  thank god the uk ca n't endlessly veto everything anymore . 
  any chance of getting larger ones in a decent resolution , i ca n't read half of these . 
  that 's a nice new step towards federalism . 
  also , seeing as i do n't live in the uk or france , i 'll finally be able to say that i 'm represented by a permanent security council member . 
  the only jobs for nobodies there is handing out leaflets . 
  i speak from experience . 
  i really should have read more of the article then . 
  normally i 'm in favour of more power going to brussels , but coming from ireland , our entire economy depends on our low corporation tax . 
  if you make us raise it , you kiss goodbye the miracle economy of ireland . 
  it 's this blatant eurosceptic nonsense that the economist has been spewing out for years that made me want to unsubscribe . 
  nice to see that someone has balls when it comes to israel 's free reign . 
  i was kind of hoping this would happen . 
  i live in france at the moment , right next to a very large banlieue , the largest in the south of france i believe , which has an almost exclusive arab population and burqas are extremely rare amongst the arab women there . 
  so it seems as though they 're making a fuss over a privilege they rarely exercise . 
  a lot of rights and wrongs . 
  i ca n't say much about other countries so i 'll just do my own . 
  firstly our population is not just over 3 million , its 4.5 million and the reason why americans have an important view of them is because there are 40 million americans who identify themselves as being irish-americans and about 80 million worldwide , that is a large global community . 
  what i can confirm as a well travelled irishman as being right is that everyone does seem to like the irish , even if the stereotypes of our drunkenness are true , although that 's almost why they like us .
