  that 's so true about krugman . 
  people link to his articles as if their gospel , but he 's consistently been so wrong about the eu that he has just lost all credibility for me . 
  it seems like you do n't have a very good understanding of how the eu works . 
  you talk about the flaws of the eu and then talk about how you want a more co-operative europe . 
  the fact is that the eu does an incalculable amount of good with regards to aiding european co-operation and harmonisation . 
  there are flaws , but to be honest , any institution of its size is bound to have flaws just as bad if not worse . 
  as for complaining about the democratic deficit . 
  that 's nonsensical bullshit used by eurosceptics when it 's convenient to them . 
  no major rule is enacted by the technocrats without the prior agreement of the constituent states . 
  in most cases unanimity is required , but even when it 's not , it 's still a super majority . 
  no sovereignty is ceded without the permission of that state that 's surrendering it . 
  so if you have a problem with the eu eroding french sovereignty , it 's the french government that you should be complaining about , not the eu . 
  i do think that bigger countries bullying others is a problem too , but this is not the fault of the eu , it 's the fault of the concept of the nation state . 
  because we place so much importance on the nation state , it gives more power to larger states such as germany and france . 
  by federalising we are no longer drawing power lines across national boundaries . 
  much like within nations , power would be drawn across ideological lines . 
  instead of germans or french controlling the eu , a coaliton of like-minded europeans would form a government . 
  for example , a left wing government could come into power that are voted by left wing europeans from all across europe and it would be made up of meps from all around europe , not just one country . 
  i disagree . 
  the project is n't going to end with a whimper . 
  it 's not like the constituent members are gon na say `` jaysus , this is hard , might as well pack it in '' . 
  if it 's going to fall apart it 'll be with a spectacular bang and if that was going to happen at any stage , it was 4 years ago when all the bailouts happened . 
  worse case scenario , the eu will take a blow to its confidence , but when it comes to politics , people have short memories and once the economy picks up , ambitions about the european project will too . 
  thank you . 
  so many people who know nothing about politics or economics are either gloating or despairing over every bump in the road claiming it 's an end to the eu . 
  i just want to give them a proverbial slap on the face and tell them to stop being so emotional . 
  they 're probably just throwing a fuss because they can get something in return for voting in favour . 
  that 's the damaging thing about unanimity , people can threaten to derail the process if they do n't get something for it . 
  the ball really is in the eu leader 's court . 
  if they reject it now it will look like they 're being the emotional and irrational ones and that would n't look good . 
  i disagree . 
  within dialects of irish there are different grammatical rules . 
  that just does n't occur in any variations of english . 
  also , the use of vocabulary differs more in dialects of irish than in english . 
  if you ask me , there are no different dialects of english . 
  we like to think english from ireland , england , america , australia etc are different dialects but they really are n't . 
  some of them have different slang and there are a very small number of words that are common in one and rare in the other , but that 's about it . 
  meanwhile , other languages have dialects that are hardly intelligible to others who are n't familiar with it . 
  take italian for example . 
  northern italians will often have difficulty understanding southerners . 
  ah jaysus , what are they like ? 
  why is it that i see eu4 references everywhere on reddit but i do n't know anyone irl who plays it . 
  nice map but it does n't distinguish between the dialects of irish . 
  i speak the irish of the largest blue blob in ireland , on the west coast , often called connemara or galway irish . 
  if someone from the blue blob in the northwest , donegal , were to talk to me in irish , i 'd only understand about 25 % of what they 're saying . 
  that 's mostly due to their very thick accents , but on paper , it 's still difficult to understand . 
  people in japan mostly work off the books and are pressured by their employers to do so . 
  if you do n't doctor your books to make it look like you worked less hours , you 'll generally be passed over for promotion or even fired . 
  given that , it makes me question the validity of this article . 
  what you 're talking about is direct democracy . 
  it 's a pipe-dream . 
  at present no country in the world has implemented direct democracy . 
  by your definition , no country in the world is a democracy . 
  but there 's a reason why direct democracy does n't work . 
  that reason is that the majority of the people in any given country does n't know how to govern . 
  if it came down to a vote on everything , taxes would be rock bottom , services would get tons of funding and the state would be bankrupt in no time . 
  it just would n't work . 
  what 's so undemocratic about it ? 
  democratically elected representatives are the ones making all the decisions here . 
  that 's how modern democracies work . 
  if you 're talking about the referendum , you 're still wrong . 
  a no vote would mean that negotiations would reopen . 
  that 's exactly what has happened . 
  the eurozone does n't have a transfer union , but the eu has a diluted version in the form of eu funding to peripheral states . 
  the problem is that while some periphery states made good use of this money , such as ireland , others did not . 
  within 20 years of eu membership ireland went from being an impoverished country to an immensely wealthy one . 
  although careless governance led ireland to seek a bailout its underlying infrastructure was still in place and ready to take off once the worst was over , resulting in last year 's growth rate of 4.8 % . 
  greece on the other hand did n't really do the leg work needed to improve its economy when the going was good . 
  in a sense it was the grasshopper to ireland 's ant . 
  but this of course all goes back to the origins of the euro . 
  in theory greece should have developed enough to be in good shape to join the euro but it was not and it still joined . 
  as a result the blame lies with the greece and the eu . 
  the eu was right to give eu funds to greece and other periphery economies . 
  greece was wrong to not adequately invest those funds . 
  but the eu was wrong to ignore greece 's failure and allow them into the euro . 
  but the problem is n't the euro . 
  it creates problems by not allowing these countries to devalue , but it also creates advantages such as boosting trade . 
  creating a new drachma will be the opposite . 
  it 'll devalue , but concerning trade that 'll be a nightmare . 
  the reason why is that unlike ireland , greece is not an export driven economy . 
  it imports about twice as much as it exports ( unlike ireland which exports far more than it imports ) , meaning that a devaluation will mean more competitive exports but incredibly expensive imports , resulting in a potentially much larger deficit in its balance of payments than even today . 
  on top of that , if greece has to be boosted from the eu in order to leave the eurozone , it could lose the benefits of the common market , making trade even more difficult . 
  selling euro 's now would be a bad idea . 
  the euro will take a hit in the short term , but it 's overall recovery is still stable , even if a bit sluggish . 
  selling them now would mean getting getting the worst price for them . 
  i 've even read articles that recommended buying euros and selling them once things get better . 
  next to leave the euro ? 
  are you mad ? 
  no other country has any incentive to leave the euro . 
  ireland is recovering very well , portugal is in much better shape , as are italy and spain . 
  the pain and uncertainty that would be caused by a new punt , escudo , lira and peso far exceeds the drawbacks of staying in the euro , especially since the region is starting to see some growth in the past year . 
  the only reason why greece is being allowed to exit is because the other eurozone countries are confident that it wo n't have a knock on effect . 
  if there was any whiff of contagion , the eu probably would have backed down to avoid them leaving . 
  in fact , it 's the other vulnerable countries that are strictest towards the euro . 
  take noonan 's stance for example . 
  it could have been fixed , but it would n't have been an easy fix . 
  the populists did n't get greece into trouble , but they ruined any chance of recovery . 
  not really . 
  if it had happened five years ago it would have had a knock on effect in ireland and portugal and then potentially spain and italy too . 
  that would have been a mess and far costlier .
