  it 's, 
  i especially hate when people say southern ireland . 
  after all , the [ most northern point on the whole island ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yizqjvp.png ) is in `` southern island '' . 
  well mr. cameron will do for the nhs soon enough . 
  i studied international relations because it 's the only thing in the world that i 'm both good at and passionate for . 
  am i supposed to give up on that and spend the rest of my life in a miserable job because i 'm unlucky enough to be interested in something that wo n't invest in me ? 
  would you give up on the job you wanted to do if for some reason you were n't going to get paid for the first few years you spent in it ? 
  it 's not just the un and ecb , it 's almost every international organisation . 
  even human rights advocacy organisations do n't pay their interns and wo n't hire people who have n't done several years of free work . 
  it 's disgustingly hypocritical , especially since the top tier jobs in those organisations are so well paid . 
  looks like a poker chip . 
  it says ` pizza style ' at the bottom . 
  the only thing out of place is the reference to england . 
  it 's basically supposed to be a pizza that looks like french toast . 
  also , the bulgarian thing is a coincidence . 
  but the fact that we will never need a fighter jet , because we 'll never be attacked makes your point entirely moot . 
  there is absolutely no point in maintaining a large and expensive air force , that we 'll never ever need , just so we can say we would n't need the brits in the impossible scenario of an attack . 
  it 's a cool place to live in but it sucks major ass as a tourist destination . 
  all the touristy stuff is way overpriced and tbh , there 's not much to see anyway . 
  a few buildings here and there that you need to take expensive public transport to get to . 
  just go to paris or prague . 
  there are buildings just as beautiful around every corner . 
  i went to rome and i loved it . 
  history on every corner , excellent food and the people were mostly nice , except for the cops , they were total dicks . 
  being neutral means not going to war . 
  we can charge rent to as many countries ' aircraft as we want and we 'd still be neutral . 
  besides , all of those jets were en route to areas that they had a un mandate to go to . 
  as a un member we have an obligation to help any other member state who are operating under a un mandate . 
  and before you point to the jets heading to iraq , very shortly after the invasion started the un gave the us and the uk a mandate as occupying force to keep law and order in tact . 
  this was mandated by the un security council with resolution [ 1483 . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_security_council_resolution_1483 ) if you still think that compromised our neutrality , then you have to acknowledge that no state is neutral . 
  correct , if we were attacked , we 'd probably ask for help from the us and eu . 
  however , that will never , ever happen . 
  as a result we have the luxury of having a small defence force . 
  just because there 's an infinitesimally small chance that we could be invaded and in such a situation our neighbours would defend us does n't mean that we 're not neutral . 
  if switzerland was invaded , it 'd need it 's neighbours to defend it , just as sweden and austria would . 
  tendency ? 
  ireland is a neutral country . 
  also , nato might as well be made up of storm troopers and headed by darth vader as far as most irish people are concerned . 
  i 'm very surprised a majority in ireland favour it , even if it 's a slim one . 
  well , if there was a map of what ireland thinks of europe , serbia would be the pop-culture thieves . 
  i 'm looking at you [ orthodox celts !, 
  ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=b_e7qbwc5mi ), 
  the data is old . 
  the last time the irish census reported more brits than poles was 2006 . 
  it 's harsh but for the greater good . 
  all true except i disagree that we 're a part of culture group belonging to the isles ( i 'm not british , so i do n't identify with the term british isles , it 's appropriation by linguistics , no really , elizabeth i made it up to justify her plantations in ireland ) . 
  i find if you go to the mainland and get to know the locals you 'll see just how alike we are . 
  people who only speak english hardly ever experience this and so they conclude that we 're just a part of the anglosphere culture group . 
  i 'd say if all the people who were against or undecided in this poll spent just a year abroad ( and not socialising exclusively with other anglophojes as we are wont to do ) , most of them would change their minds in favour . 
  why is it that people from leinster , or specifically dublin think that nowhere else in ireland exists . 
  so fucking what if hardly any people in leinster speak irish , it 's their loss . 
  if you actually bothered going to munster , ulster or connaught , you might actually hear it . 
  in galway city quite a lot of people speak it and it 's not unusual at all to hear people speak it down town . 
  and i dare you to go to the gaeltacht and spout your ideas there . 
  just because they speak english does n't mean that it negates their native tongue . 
  it 's funny how prosperous europe in considered to be either western or northern and yet ireland , who was a part of both , had a financial meltdown . 
  i 've always contested that ireland is a misplaced southern european country that got lost . 
  culturally we 're more laid back and casual than our fellow northern europeans . 
  there 's also the catholic connection and our use of the euro . 
  he 's a politician . 
  i respect him as a leader , but obviously that respect can only ever go so far for any politician . 
  i think his reputation is a bit unfair . 
  as leader of fine gael , he has done nothing but get more seats and as taoiseach , he pulled the country out of the gutter that fianna f\u00e1il left it in . 
  i 've never given fine gael anything more than a 3rd preference vote ( all of which were purely tactical ) but i still respect enda as a leader . 
  that 's a very reductionist way of thinking . 
  it just is n't that simple . 
  look , before you decide to jump on the anti-eu bandwagon do some actual research . 
  this crisis was negotiated by national governments . 
  not the eu . 
  if you ask me , this crisis is a failure of the nation state model and proves more than ever that we need a federation i 'm an ardent eu federalist , but i intensely dislike the the eu council . 
  i think that it should be stripped of its powers and the parliament should be bolstered . 
  i think the commission is great , but it should be appointed by the parliament , not the council . 
  the irony is that the very same people that criticise the eu 's ability to tackle problems also support the nation state model , the single thing that 's holding back the eu the most . 
  it reminds me of the american phrase , `` guns do n't kill people , people kill people '' . 
  the eu does n't fuck over countries , countries fuck over countries . 
  i think people are just getting carried away . 
  sure the deal did n't work out the way a lot of people wanted it to , but there 's no reason to despair . 
  i guarantee you that by next year , most people will have totally forgotten this ordeal and things will get back on track . 
  it 's unfortunate that things worked out the way they did but it 's important to remember that this crisis has been extremely exceptional . 
  just because there was some bullying going on here does n't mean that the day to day workings of the eu have been compromised . 
  in any given crisis such as this , there are going to be unconventional ways of dealing with it and this one is no exception . 
  such is international politics . 
  also , you lamented that the outcome was n't sustainable . 
  what exactly would you classify as a sustainable solution ? 
  writing off greece 's debt would help them in the short run , but without conditions attached , there is nothing stopping them from doing it all again . 
  also , writing off their debt would likely create even more instability across the eu . 
  the turmoil that it would create amongst the people of creditor countries would be immense , it could even bring down a few governments . 
  it could be argued that writing off their debt would be the most undemocratic thing to do since the majority of the people from the creditor countries would disagree . 
  this is by no means the first time i 've witnessed a polish-irish circlejerk . 
  i love it !, 
  it definitely should n't have . 
  diplomacy is a very fine art . 
  a move like sapin 's really should be reserved as a last ditch effort . 
  there are so many things that need to be negotiated on first and you need a level head for it . 
  if things get emotional early on it creates animosity and disrupts the co-operation needed to get something on the table . 
  read about the cuban missile crisis . 
  two nations had the fate of the entire planet in their hands and it came so close to utter annihilation because of the flawed way that they negotiated . 
  most agreements are equally as hectic . 
  ttip and tpp have been negotiated on for years now and it 's still gon na be another while .
