  i second that . 
  belgrade is class . 
  for people who love making fun of every other country in europe , you really do n't know how to be the ~ ~ but ~ ~ butt of a joke . 
  i 'd disagree . 
  it 's not the north , dublin and the rest . 
  it 's the north , the cities and the rest . 
  i 'm from galway city and i tend to have a lot more in common with people from dublin or cork city than with people from places in my own county like ballinasloe or portumna . 
  i doubt it . 
  switzerland were going to be kicked out if they imposed immigration checks . 
  that 's exactly what the uk wants so i do n't see them getting it . 
  what 's the alternative though ? 
  the leaders of the eu have finally agreed that the status quo is no longer good enough . 
  the only other alternative is that all of the eu goes high speed but it 's country 's like your government that prevent that from happening . 
  ireland is going to be swamped with erasmus students after brexit . 
  it could very well end up that only a fraction of people studying english across europe will get erasmus placements in the only english speaking erasmus program country , ireland . 
  absolutely , they both assumed their centrist wing was safe but they were clearly wrong . 
  especially the socialists . 
  even with their far left candidate they 're losing out to leftists . 
  they should have just expected m\u00e9lenchon to steal those votes anyway and work on the centre . 
  i assumed you meant his rise to politics overall . 
  here 's my opinion on how he rose to prominence in the polls . 
  his rise in the polls is attributed to a number of factors . 
  when macron first launched his bid on a centrist platform it was a long shot . 
  the polls for the major party primaries all indicated that the first round would have an abundance of centrist politicians . 
  the polls indicated that the republicans would vote for centrist alain jupp\u00e9 and that the socialists would vote for another centrist , maneul valls . 
  somehow the polls got it all wrong and the republicans voted for the most right wing candidate and the socialists for its most left wing candidate . 
  this left macron as the only centrist left in the race and therefore the only person capable of picking up votes from both sides which is a very favourable position to be in . 
  i reckon that macron knew he had a better chance than the polls indicated . 
  he probably anticipated that the republicans would go to the right in order to prevent right wing votes going to le pen . 
  he also probably expected that the socialists would swing to the left because hollande 's unpopularity can be contributed to the fact that he was too centrist . 
  apparently he was referring to the fact that the room his conference was being held in was half empty . 
  i 'm not insulted , just pointig out that it 's a false sterotype . 
  ireland is 12th of out the 28 countries in alcohol consumption . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_alcohol_consumption_per_capita ), 
  it is undiplomatic , but he does have a point . 
  he 's not entirely wrong . 
  sure the eu has lots of flaws that need to be addressed but that does n't mean that leaving the union is a sensible option . 
  it 's a reckless one and it only happened in spite of logical arguments because of nationalism . 
  in what way . 
  what were the goals and how did he fail to acheive them . 
  feel free to answer en fran\u00e7ais , i need the practice . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but [ macron 's wikipedia page ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emmanuel_macron ) summarises his rise to prominence quite well . 
  it would have been better for ireland . 
  we 'd have likely gotten independence . 
  at worst we 'd have been a french puppet but that 's a lot better than being integrated into the uk with little say in our own affairs . 
  if her supporters hate being subservient to the eu so much , why are they so tolerant of le pen being subservient to putin ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  even if you do n't like the eu surely logic dictates that it 's better to be a powerful eu member than a russian lackey . 
  it 's no coincide that europe 's biggest airline ( in terms of passengers carried ) is irish . 
  but do n't feel too bad for us . 
  we 're happily inside the eu and our economy is growing fast . 
  who are they going to fine , the ira ? 
  branson used facts against the british electorate . 
  it 's not very effective . 
   wait , we 're above america ? 
  wtf ? 
  that 's what really shocked me . 
  well from a historical point of view ( which i forgot to include in my previous comment ) , irish is an ancient artefact . 
  it 's one of the oldest european languages and one of the oldest written languages in the world . 
  it 's also one of the last celtic languages which once spanned europe . 
  from a cultural point of view language and culture are deeply intertwined . 
  people who come from a culture with their own language are always very close to that language . 
  you ca n't fully understand a culture without knowing its language and if the irish language dies , so too will a significant portion of its culture . 
  lastly , different languages affect the way we think in certain ways . 
  it has even been suggested that when speaking another language our personality changes . 
  again , with the death of the irish language so too will certain perspectives and ways of thinking die . 
  yeah , but that immersion in english content is still voluntary . 
  they immerse themselves in it because they want to learn it . 
  plenty of kids chose to ignore english media . 
  why else do people in southern europe not speak as much english as everyone else ? 
  as for outside of europe , i used to teach english in japan and it was an uphill struggle to get japanese kids interested in english . 
  most of them thought it was a waste of time . 
  it 's no coincidence that their levels of english were very similar to the levels of irish for people i know who thought irish was a waste of time . 
  language is n't just about communication . 
  if you think that you 're ignoring vastly important cultural and psychological aspects to language . 
  it 's a common expression used when talking about the state of the irish language . 
  because most people from that early age resist learning it . 
  everyone i know who wanted to learn irish and made an effort did well in the exams and was able to learn the language . 
  everyone i know who bitched and moaned for years about having to learn a useless language now blames the education system for their lack of irish . 
  people feel ashamed about not knowing the language but it 's easy to make the syllabus a scapegoat in order to clear one 's conscience and so that 's what happens wholesale in ireland . 
  the dutch and scandinavians do n't have this magical way of teaching languages . 
  the reason why they speak english so well is because dutch and scandinavian kids really want to learn english . 
  i 'm surprised that we made it that high up the list . 
  4chan retardation . 
  do you continue old games over the weeks ? 
  that would make the most sense but i 'd imagine newcomers would have a hard time finding a worthwhile country to play until a fresh game starts . 
  how do i get in on one of these games ? 
  this is just bizarre . 
  i wonder how this will affect the referendum 's standing ? 
  but it 's probably in the best interests of the eu to have them on the outside looking in . 
  the last thing we need is another member state that 's lukewarm to the whole organisation . 
  from now on new members should be the type of country that wants to be in the high speed eu rather than low speed . 
  it 's mutual . 
  one of my best friends is mexican . 
  we instantly gelled and always notice the similarities in our cultures . 
  the polish and the irish are kindred spirits . 
  sure , in america it makes , but how do you make sense of st. patrick 's day parades in japan and [ malta . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/vstdov0c1do?t=146 ), 
  it 's not going to happen .
