  it 's being being able to issue your own passports and and recognition from other countries . 
  ireland has both , scotland has neither . 
  no it 's not . 
  country is synonymous with nation state . 
  it likes to call itself a country in spite of possesing the necessary requirements to be one . 
  it has no basis for being called a country , since countries by definition are independent and scotland is not . 
  it 's just like if the city of murcia in spain decided that it 's a continent and getting upset when people call it a city . 
  scotland was given a choice to become and independent country and it chose not to . 
  imo , by voting no it forfeited the right to be called a country , yet lots of scots want to have their cake and eat it . 
  why are some countries in red and others in black . 
  why do northern ireland , scotland and wales get a mention ? 
  i know they like to call them countries in the uk , but there 's no argument for them being actual countries , beyond a purely semantic one ; a country has its own passports and foreign affairs . 
  if they get a mention , catalonia should get one too since it enjoys a similar level of devolved power . 
  lastly , why is n't kazakh europe coloured grey ? 
  [ it does have territory in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_transcontinental_countries#kazakhstan ) in case you were wondering . 
  it should follow the same russian europe line down as far as the caspian sea . 
  most swiss people i know speak their first language and english . 
  same in ireland . 
  the ere could trace its lineage back to emporer diocletian ( and therefore julius caeasar ) who split rome in two , taking the eastern half for himself and giving the western part to his buddy . 
  i just read about that and while vichy france itself was permitted to be militarily neutral during the war , the allies actually invaded them in syria and lebanon , with the help of free french forces too . 
  at least in some areas , it would have been french vs. french . 
  are you sure ? 
  militarily , vichy france was neutral . 
  everyone needs philip glass in their lives . 
   dodgy corporation tax deals make up a huge portion of its gdp it 's not dodgy , it 's perfectly legal . 
  in fact , it 's ironic , because ireland 's ability to control its own corporation tax in spite of what the rest of the eu thinks is a perfect example of how we are in fact a sovereign state . 
  beside , we 're a small state and small states have to play by different rules . 
  the typical way of running a country is a rigged game that is set to benefit larger countries , so we make our own rules that suit us . 
  on top of all of that , we make most of our money through exports and that 's why in 2016 , our gdp growth is going to surpass china  it had to be bailed out $ 100 billion by eu and uk taxpayers because of corrupt banks and corrupt government first of all , the uk is in the eu , so it 's not the eu and uk , it 's just the eu . 
  secondly , this was effectively a bail out of irish banks . 
  our public finances were in good working order and we were running consistent budget surpluses until the banks messed up . 
  additionally , british , french and german banks were equally as wreckless by lending to irish and greek banks but they got off scot free . 
  moreover , the majority of the world 's governments have economic difficulties , that does n't make them pseudo states . 
   it has no army of note , meaning the uk has to patrol its airspace it has an army which is no smaller than it needs to be . 
  no one is going to invade ireland . 
  and that 's not because the uk is there to protect it . 
  costa rica has no army because no one near them is going to invade them . 
  we 're in the same situation . 
  as for the raf in british airspce , we sometimes allow british aircraft into our airspace ** if ** they have reason to believe that aircraft in our airspace might be a threat to the uk . 
  that 's all . 
  there is absolutely no regular patrolling of irish airspace by the raf . 
  i have family who work as air traffic controllers and pilots in the irish air corps who have confirmed this ( and who are sick and tired of ill-informed people saying otherwise )  it is culturally identical to the rest of the british isles , so it does n't even merit being a separate state in that regard this is complete nonsense . 
  there are similarities between irish and british culture , for sure , but many of these similarities are shared with our fellow europeans as well . 
  brits often confuse its common european values with ireland as `` irish culture is british '' and it has thus been used as clear cut cultural appropriation . 
  there are however plenty of differences . 
  any foreigner i know who 's ever spent time in both countries knows this as well as i do . 
  a japanese friend of mine , came to ireland ( having lived in the uk before ) expecting it to be culturally identical to britain and was soon made aware of just how different we really are . 
  so enough with all your cultural imperialism . 
  i 'm sick of having to defend my culture and the sovereignty of my country to butt hurt brits who ca n't get over the fact that ireland has been independent for over a century . 
  get over it . 
  i 'd love to hear why you think the republic of ireland is a pseudo state . 
  because it 's not a pseudo state at all , i just want to hear you fail at justifying your ridiculous statement . 
  too true buddy . 
  haha , just as predictive text changes fucking to ducking , it seemingly changes shite to white . 
  i think they 're implying that ireland is n't `` really '' independent , which is a load of shite . 
  for ireland , [ this ] ( https://36.media.tumblr.com/e1cd0b7852f409d67aaee9ee254bffb4/tumblr_n05e6mf07w1r21mk0o1_500.jpg ) painting of fionn mac cumhaill ( pronounced fyun macool ) sums it up really . 
  it contains the celtic imagery , the mysticism ( arguably the most important part ) and the untamed wildness of the irish spirit all in one . 
  very nostalgic . 
  according to many americans i know , it 's easier and cheaper to get a driving license because public transport is lacking , mostly due to the fact that american cities are sprawled out and very low density . 
  never heard of it . 
  i lived in london for a year . 
  i found it a nice place to live but incredibly overrated as a tourist destination . 
  really the irish one should be daddy christmas since the word daid\u00ed is pronounced and translated into daddy in christmas . 
  athair is father . 
  not true . 
  a ton of their eastern territory went to belarus and ukraine . 
  it always amazes me how little territory there is in common between 1938 poland and present day poland . 
  south ireland is called [ munster ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2d/munster_locator_map.svg/2000px-munster_locator_map.svg.png ) and it 's not an independent country . 
  you 're thinking of the country that 's just called ireland , which includes munster , [ leinster , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fc/leinster_locator_map.svg/192px-leinster_locator_map.svg.png ) [ connacht , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/fa/connacht_locator_map.svg/192px-connacht_locator_map.svg.png ) and parts of [ ulster ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/4/46/ulster_locator_map.svg/2000px-ulster_locator_map.svg.png ) including , ironically , the island 's [ most northern point . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yizqjvp.png ) the part of the uk called northern ireland is made up of 6 of the 9 counties of north ireland . 
  it 's missing the m6 to galway . 
  the difference is that in vietnam they were fighting an occupying force that had no business in vietnam . 
  and when the us left , vietnam did n't cause any more trouble . 
  quite the contrary , they were the ones who finally ousted pol pot ... and the west complained that they had no right to get involved in cambodia 's internal affairs !, 
  the french military has been kicking ass lately . 
  if i was a member of isis , i 'd be shitting my pants right about now . 
  our ethnicity has n't been displaced . 
  our language is compromised ( i do speak it quite well , however ) but language \u2260 ethnicity . 
  we 've held on to our ethnicity in spite of centuries of british rule . 
  and it was n't a resurgence of irish identity that lead to our independence , our history is littered with constant rebellions and uprisings against the british going back centuries . 
  unlike the welsh and scots , we did n't throw in the towel once we were beaten the first time . 
  secondly , i have not inherited some sense of ancestral grudge against the french . 
  i 'm even a self described francophile which is why i speak french ( studying it in university ) and why i lived in france . 
  you 'll find that ireland actually has a decent camaraderie with france which was developed over centuries of sharing a common foe . 
  my argument with french people is that they 're shooting themselves in the foot by not learning the world 's lingua franca . 
  they 're not doing their part and they 're only hurting themselves in the process . 
  and unlike most english speakers , i can say that without any hypocrisy because in spite of already speaking english natively , i still do my part to learn the world 's international languages , which is another reason why i opted to learn french and a reason why i learned japanese ( admittedly not the most global of languages , but it was easier for me to get a job in japan , so i went with it ) . 
  it 's been my experience that the only people who claim that the irish are like the brits are people who have never been to ireland and do n't know shit about ireland beyond the stereotypes . 
  so prove me wrong . 
  tell me how your experience with ireland , irish people and irish history qualifies your statement . 
   anglo-saxon tourists if there 's one thing to learn about irish people , it 's that we do n't like being called anglo-saxons . 
  we are proud celts . 
  but putting that aside , i never went to paris during my trip to france . 
  i was mostly in the midi-pyr\u00e9n\u00e9es and pas-de-calais regions . 
  look , i recently visited france and belgium . 
  in france any time we talked to someone in french , be it a waiter or receptionist , they would n't speak a single word of english , they 'd just insist on speaking french . 
  even if they understood our english , they 'd still respond in french . 
  if it were n't for the fact that we had a french speaker in our group , we 'd have had a lot more difficulty than we did . 
  but as soon as we crossed the border into belgium people would speak english to us . 
  sometimes it was clear that they did n't have very good english at all but that did n't stop them from trying .
