  when he was at 22 % he was just 2 points ahead of m\u00e9lenchon and fillon while neck and neck with le pen . 
  although he has n't reached his peak of 26 % and 9 points ahead of fillon , his current lead against fillon ( about 3.5-4 points ) is just about greater than the margin of error . 
  le pen on the other hand has yet to establish a lead over either m\u00e9lenchon or fillon which is greater than the margin of error . 
  both m\u00e9lenchon and fillon have lost some of the gains they 've made last week . 
  not much but enough to demonstrate that their momentum has likely stalled . 
  given that the figures are all still close and there are still 4 days until election day it could of course go any way , but macron is the most likely of the four front-runners to secure a place in the final . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/opinion_polling_for_the_french_presidential_election,_2017 ) if i had to guess i 'd say macron will top the poll and fillon will nab the second place spot . 
  here is my reasoning . 
  i think m\u00e9lenchon will get 4th place because his rise in the polls coincided with a favourable debate performance . 
  as time goes on his performance in the debate will slowly lose its impact . 
  this happens in elections the world over . 
  the deemed debate winner gets a boost in the polls and it dissipates by the time polling day arrives . 
  for example , clinton 's boost in the polls from her performance in the debates disappeared before the election . 
  the polls show he has already started to lose his momentum and i do n't think he will recover from this . 
  i think that le pen will come in 3rd . 
  unlike macron , her recovery has been slower and smaller . 
  also , i believe that the pollsters have been so shocked by brexit and trump that they 're overestimating the performance of populist candidates . 
  we have seen evidence of this in austria and the netherlands . 
  i think fillon will place 2nd . 
  his forward momentum has stalled like m\u00e9lenchon 's , however , unlike m\u00e9lenchon he has n't regressed . 
  also , much like how m\u00e9lenchon 's debate performance is being forgotten , people are also forgetting about fillon 's scandal . 
  couple that with the overestimation of le pen 's performance and i think we 'll see fillon in the second round . 
  the same could be said of m\u00e9lenchon . 
  it 's always been that way in the uk . 
  bernie sanders had way bigger crowds than clinton and he lost . 
  it has almost no bearing on the result . 
  that 's actually a drop on last month . 
  whereas before she was assumed to win the first round , it 's now believed that there 's a chance that she wo n't even make it into the second round . 
  it looks like he 's actually lost his momentum . 
  he 's a few points lower now than he was a few days ago . 
  as the debates get further and further away people will be less likely to vote for him . 
  yeah , with instant runoff macron would win hands down . 
  some of the polls track would be transfers and save for le pen 's voters , macron is first in line for transfers from most voters . 
  hopkins was good but mikkelsen is the definitive lecter now . 
  for one , hannibal is a very physically capable man . 
  hopkins is short , old and a little stout . 
  it 's hard to imagine him overpowering many people . 
  mikkelsen on the other hand is tall and athletic . 
  then there 's intelligence . 
  hopkin 's lecter came off as very intellectual and generally very intelligent , but in a somewhat cartoonish and almost bond villainish way . 
  mikkelsen 's hannibal is enigmatic . 
  he 's clearly incredibly intelligent even when he 's not revealing his true self , but when you get to know who the real hannibal , his intelligence is terrifying . 
  he 's always ahead , he will always outsmart you . 
  he makes the protagonists seem hopelessly out of their depth . 
  interesting but either the language has been heavily influenced by french or he 's speaking it with a strong french accent . 
  a lad i knew growing up was called leon and he was a shithead and spoilt rotten . 
  about 15 years later we were on the same course in college and he was one of the friendliest people you could meet . 
  he even apologised for how he was when he was a kid . 
  his family fell on tough times so that might have given him a little perspective . 
  it 's been tough on him so i have a lot of respect that his response to that is to be a better person . 
  so leon 's can be shits be they can change . 
  i 'm well to the left but it would be a disaster if he won . 
  to put it in simple terms , the euro is n't getting fixed right now because the germans do n't want to open the purse strings without strict rules about when that happens . 
  the french on the other hand want to open the purse whenever it 's needed without regulation . 
  the only way this gets fixed is if the french president and the germans chancellor agree on a compromise . 
  merkel might reluctantly compromise if the french make their own compromises and even schulz will only be marginally better . 
  macron has openly stated that france will need to compromise in order to get what needs to be done to fix the euro . 
  m\u00e8lenchon will likely not back down at all and we 'll have a stalemate where the euro trudges along as it currently is and that will eventually lead to disaster . 
  they 're called anglo-irish for a reason . 
  their ancestors are english people who came to ireland and took land from the irish aristocrats ( no saints either but they were n't exactly empire builders ) . 
  as for up north , the protestants there are of scottish descent . 
  it 's an ugly point to make but it 's true . 
  any irish person alive know who is n't anglo-irish or ulster-scots are descended from dirt-poor farmers who did n't what their landlord told them . 
  granted some of the landlords were irish but their aspirations never went beyond owning land . 
  we were n't exactly forming policy . 
  the irish were amongst the subjugated . 
  ever heard of the penal laws ? 
  they were a set of laws which only applied to catholics and thus by extension the irish , whereby they were forbidden to own large amounts of land , any arms and many forms of education was forbidden . 
  these laws lasted about 200 years and were n't repealed until the mid 19th century thanks to a man called daniel o'connell . 
  additionally , the british did n't exactly reform ireland to its betterment . 
  it was happy as log as the irish were dirt poor and producing food for them . 
  this went as far as ignoring a famine that between malnutrition and immigration which reduced ireland 's population by almost 50 % in the space of around two decades . 
  given this lack of concern for the wellbeing of the irish people as whole , it was n't surprising that poor irish people would join the british army given that they had practically other choice . 
  in fact , that made perfect sense , it kept a steady flow of young irishmen manning the ranks who not being english , were more than expendable . 
  so do not insinuate that we played an active role in their empire building . 
  our involvement was ultimately a result of our subjugation by them and we never condoned it as a people , we merely tried to survive, 
  no , because unlike ireland , their human rights track record has n't been held up to a high standard . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  we have an outstanding record . 
  women have better rights in ireland compared to almost anywhere else in the world . 
  our foreign aid contributions are not only high ( especially before the financial crisis ) , but some of the most effectively targeted in the world . 
  additionally , we never had an empire that raped countless numbers of indigenous peoples ; unlike half of europe . 
  as for abortion , whether or not you are pro-choice or pro-life , you do n't get to call the other side out on human right abuses . 
  sure the the pro-choice say abortion is a woman 's right but the pro-life side believe in the rights of the unborn child . 
  the argument is n't about who 's against rights and who is for them , it 's who 's rights are more important . 
  i thought it was because on of your kings missed his homeland of bavaria and so he adopted the same colours as the bavarian flag . 
  i hear dublin is good , especially for people starting out . 
  rodrigo y gabriela came all the way from mexico city to dublin just because they heard it was a good place to make a break . 
  they played a few gigs and got to be well known around the casual music scene in dublin until they were asked to play as a sideline act in oxegen and there they attracted a lot of interest goths extent that they picked up a major label . 
  given our links with the us i would say we 'd still have offices over there . 
  the demographics are changing . 
  for a good 30 years or so , nationalist ( pro united ireland ) families , who tend to be catholic , have been a lot more prolific than their unionist ( in favour of maintaining the union with the uk ) counterparts , who tend to be protestants . 
  now you might say that the divergence in birth-rate has equalised since more middle-class jobs have opened up to nationalists but the trend has yet to fully express itself . 
  for example , the overall divide is roughly 55 % -45 % in favour of the protestants , but of you look at the +65 population , the split is more similar to the old divide as seen at the conception of the state , or around 70-30 in favour of the protestants . 
  however , of we look at -18 's , we see a 55-45 divide , roughly , in favour of the catholics . 
  that means that as time goes on and the older people die , the population divide will change to favour the other community . 
  then again , there 's no guarantee that the catholic or nationalist families will even vote for a united ireland if the had the majority , even the polls show that . 
  but consider this , why have so many nationalists started to vote for the more extreme sinn f\u00e9in as opposed to the more moderate sdlp ? 
  additionally , once the majority has been gained , all it takes is one period in time where for whatever reason , be it economic , social or political , it will be more beneficial to be a part of the republic of ireland .
