  that 'll likely be what neither side wants , especially ireland . 
  it would be a disaster for us . 
  the best case scenario for us is a european win where the brits stay in the single market and have to accept all of the immigration rules that come with it . 
  i trust that you were reporting the facts . 
  i meant that it was wishful thinking on behalf of the british government . 
   brexit deal prioritizing control of immigration over full access to the single market . 
  it is this government 's red line that 's just wishful thinking . 
  avoiding this is the eu 's red line and it is in a much stronger bargaining position . 
  from my own experience there are a lot more jobs in the uk than in ireland , but all these extra jobs pay low wages , often well under the living wage . 
  when i graduated from a university in london , i went job hunting and it soon became apparent that while there were plenty of jobs i was qualified for , they were all for around # 16-18k ( $ 18-21k ) in the london area ( less outside ) which is in fact below the absolute minimum living wage for london ( at the time around # 19k or $ 22k ) . 
  meanwhile , there were far fewer jobs in dublin but the entry level wage was rarely lower than $ 25k ( # 21k ) which is above the dublin living wage of $ 22k ( # 19k ) . 
  i 've lived in half a dozen countries , but 20th is still the highest out of all the ones i moved to . 
  i could be moving to uganda next year so that will be a big jump . 
  i 'm not so sure . 
  this could easily play into the narrative we saw last year of the eu bullying it 's smaller , periphery members . 
  and that 's because it 's true . 
  the fact is that there are plenty of other larger eu nations who do this exact same thing , such as france and the netherlands but whenever tax evasion in the eu becomes a discussion point all people seem to remember is ireland . 
  does n't matter , they still have a point . 
  it 's espcially valid when you consider that as a small county ( with no president of the commission on our side ) and that the eu lately has had a bad reputation of enforcing rules on small countries , rules which are often broken by larger nations with impunity . 
  i 'm all for having a dialogue about making sure these companies pay their taxes , but not when one country is getting villified for it and everyone else gets off scott free . 
  and replace the cider with dutch gold and you have irish knackers . 
  beirut is hands down the best city in west asia ( this term is replacing middle-east in academia because it 's less eurocentric and because most other parts of asia use this format , e.g. 
  south asia , east asia , south-east asia etc. ) . 
  if lebanon could sort their shit out and establish itself as a stable and peaceful country , they 'd make an absolute killing off tourism from around the world . 
  you can change the text of your flair without changing your flag . 
  by hovering over someone 's flair you can see the text they 've set . 
  a lot of people with eu flags state the name of their country in the flair text . 
  it was actually very smart vote management . 
  when speaking or writing the name of the month rather than using the associated number , some people put the month first but when using xx/xx/xxxx format , it 's always dd/mm/yyyy in ireland . 
  absolute disgrace . 
  the athletes are paid next to nothing and are held by extremely strict standards . 
  meanwhile these assholes are vastly overpaid and break rules to make a quick buck . 
  i hope he rots in a brazilian jail for a few months . 
  it 's not really a fair comparison . 
  while the us has around 550 athletes , the eu has around 3,500 . 
  this is because for most sports there is a cap of how many teams or athletes from a particular country can participate . 
  this cap essentially does n't apply to the european team . 
   p\u00f3st chaca urghn\u00e1ch the translator translated the syntax directly , which in turned swapped which word was the noun and which word was the adjective . 
  in most cases in irish , the adjective goes after the noun . 
  yup , my dad was on kfor and said the same story . 
  i can blame them . 
  the murder rate is still way higher in china . 
  even in the midst of all this , they 'd still be safer while they 're in france . 
  not to mention that it 's not even a bailout . 
  it 's a loan with high interest . 
  itt : people who do n't know dick about economics making wild predictions . 
  then again , that 's every thread about economics . 
  yeah it was a terrible call . 
  fifa badly needs to bring in video refs . 
  ah come one now . 
  that defender should have been able to defend without commiting a foul . 
  even if he could n't , with less than 10 minutes left , he should have gone for it anyway . 
  and do n't kid yourself , what cost the french team the european championship was the fact that they played a poor game . 
  they might have been the better side on the pitch yesterday , but one team played beyond their ability and one team played well below their ability and unfortunately , france was the latter . 
  and i guarantee you , getting to the world cup means more to the irish than winning the european championship is to the french . 
  had the french won it would have been great for a few months and then forgotten about , being little more than another trophy in its cabinet . 
  every time ireland makes it to the world cup it becomes enshrined in irish folklore . 
  even the behaviour of the irish fans throughout the tournament was more euphoric than some fans who 've won the world cup . 
  at least it did n't cost you the match , or a trip to the world cup . 
  the problem is that the celts as civ understands them is the celts from antiquity who are very far removed from the 6 celtic nations of today . 
  given that boudica is better than robert the bruce but i think that since the celts were never a unified people , the civ should be gaul and the leader should be vercingtorix . 
  if there were to be an irish civ though brian bor\u00fa would have to be the leader . 
  if we 're talking contemporary ireland , then it 'd have to be michael collins . 
  he may never have been head of state or government , but neither was ghandi . 
  besides , who else could it be ? 
  dev , he just does n't have the charisma . 
  on the contrary i can imagine the diplomatic screen with collins in his uniform already . 
  it 's not that big a deal . 
  france was actually no 5 for years and the uk was 7th behind brazil . 
  they went up to 5th after the french economy slumped but are just back to 6th . 
  i 'm surprised that it 's still that high even though for about 5 of those years we had a lot of negative growth . 
  typical irishman , loves to complain . 
  do you remember how poor the country was in 1995 ? 
  there was no luas in dublin , the roads all over the country were shockingly bad . 
  what now takes 2 hours on our modern motor ways took between 4 to 5 hours back in 2005 , let alone 1995 . 
  things have improved so much since then , but because we 're not equal to sweden , most people complain about what a failure we 've become . 
  touch\u00e9 !, 
  i think they 'll be long resettled by the time scotland gets back in the eu . 
   incomprehensible irish accent as if the english were all so easy to understand . 
  londoners are some of the worst . 
  and the dutch might all have great english , but eashily the mosht ridiculoush shounding foreign accshent . 
  thanks , that was really informative . 
  just out of curiosity , who would you rather see win out , the germans or the ecb ? 
  if they 're desperate then yes . 
  but if it 's a deal braker they might be allowed back in under their old opt outs . 
  still , technically the swedes have to join the euro ( they agreed to when they joined the eu ) but there 's been absolutely no pressure from the eu to do so . 
  there is n't much point until the euro is fixed and the crisis is behind us . 
  this is good news ... 
  i think . 
  contagion to italy is the biggest risk right now . 
  it should n't be an issue if renzi 's constitutional referendum passes , but if it does n't it could trigger a banking crisis which would be the next big step in the destructive process kickstarted by the uk . 
  it 's reassuring to know that the commission is preparing for the worst right now . 
  true , but thatcherism depended on access to the single market in order to work . 
  outside the eec , thatcherism would n't have done shit . 
  true , but not for a love of the eu , because of their understanding that a leave would be damaging to the british economy . 
  it was for purely pragmatic reasons that they backed the remain movement . 
  it was pro-remain but not out of love for the eu . 
  it support the remain camp because of the harm that leaving the eu would do . 
  while there are elements of the eu that the economist does approve of , namely the economic ones , it 's criticism over the politics of the eu is extremely harsh and has been for as long as i can remember . 
  the uk , before it joined the ecc in the 70s , was in the middle of an economic slump and was then often referred to the sick man of europe .
