  all it takes is one referendum at the right time , in about 30 years or so , for it to happen . 
  dublin 's okay but galway is like a smaller friendly and livelier dublin and it 's right next to connemara , a huge landscape of sea-swept towns and green mountains flanked by rivers , lakes and fjords . 
  the best part is that it 's mostly empty . 
  the bad part is that the weather can be a bit shit . 
  that 's fucked up but serbia deserves a little sympathy on this one . 
  the serb people started in kosovo and expanded into what modern serbia is . 
  then a bunch of albanians moved across the border into kosovo , mostly illegally and then they had a population boom , basically until they outnumbered the serbs . 
  then they decided to become independent , again , illegally . 
  i know they were backed by a lot of countries , but un rules say you can only secede if the parent country agrees to it . 
  sometimes that 's done peacefully like montenegro 's secession from serbia , sometimes it 's done by way , like ireland or america 's secession from britain . 
  serbia never consented to kosovo 's secession , therefore it 's not legal . 
  also , i know the serbs committed a lot of atrocities there but the albanians have , and still do , commited the same atrocities on the minority of serbs still living in kosovo . 
  on the other hand there 's ireland . 
  count the entire island as a single block and and you have about 6 million right there . 
  same goes for scotland . 
  federal europe , where the most spoken language is only native in a tiny country on the western fringe . 
  i know , right ? 
  you 'd think that the victorians of all people would have been polite . 
  anyway , we may be cheating a little bit with our fertility rate but we have a lot of lost ground to make up for all the irish people your country killed or let starve to death . 
  i did n't think [ members of parliament ] ( http://www.newstalk.ie//2012/news/fg-td-says-hes-received-positive-support-since-coming-out/ ) had to be celibates . 
  owning us does n't count for anything if you do n't own yourselves , given the fact that both you and greenland are owned by denmark . 
  that means my country is the * sovereign * nation with the highest fertility rate . 
  that 's a pity , he steered his country down a very sensible route towards the eu . 
  on a plus side , i 've been seeing irish papers more and more on r/europe and r/worldnews . 
  yeah , i have to agree . 
  the thing is , most people are n't against allowing these countries access to the eu , they just have to get their shit together first . 
  the last and first time i went to novi sad was the summer of 2002 . 
  it was a really nice place from what i remember . 
  the [ convention center dublin ( ccd ) ] ( http://www.architecturelist.com/wp-content/uploads/ccd.jpg ) , next to the samuel beckett bridge , made to look like ireland 's national symbol ( the harp ) is also impressive in its own right . 
  [ here ] ( http://danielbek.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/the-convention-centre-dublin.jpg ) it is up close . 
  it is . 
  they do n't exclusively use chinese characters , they also use two native alphabets which are purely phonetic . 
  i 'm do n't really take this too seriously . 
  i started japanese about a year ago and in many ways it 's easier than other languages i speak aside from english including irish and french . 
  for example , the alphabet is phonetic and the verbs are all very regular . 
  additionally , there are no tones and in general there are no big hurdles in pronunciation excluding a small number of consonants . 
  from a listening perspective , i find it much much easier than french . 
  the only difficult part really , is the 3,000 odd characters . 
  true , but to a lesser extent . 
  in fact , we drink almost twice as much tea as the uk on average . 
  does not surprise me about ireland . 
  change it to tea and there 's no shade dark enough to represent us . 
  they do n't dodge taxes by going to ireland ; they pay lower taxes . 
  now i acknowledge that this may change in the not too distant future but as it stands , ireland , as a sovereign state reserves the right to set it 's own tax rate . 
  additionally , the only part of irish industry not ravaged by the mess our banks created was from foreign direct investment , which is attracted to ireland primarily through our tax rate . 
  in fact , that was the only part of our economy that saw any real growth , double the rate of both germany and france combined . 
  if the right to set our taxes in such a way is removed from us it leaves us no path to recovery and leads us down long and weary road to long-term relative poverty that our forefathers endured for centuries . 
  i never thought i 'd wholeheartedly agree with declan ganley and yet i do . 
  oh yeah , because the famine , war , torture , slavery and poverty we were made suffer under 800 years of impression really made us predisposed towards making a difference . 
  we were the poorest people in europe under the british right up until independence and within 70 years , we became among the richest . 
  even now , after the crash , the average irish citizen still earns more than the average uk citizen or even the average eu citizen . 
  let 's put things into perspective ; the part of ireland that stayed under the uk , northern ireland , saw outright oppression of the irish citizens living there right up to the late 1990s meanwhile the economy over there is wholly dependent on handouts from the rest of the uk , great bit of difference they 're making . 
  we do what we can . 
  we did what we were told in spite of it being a bad deal for us . 
  we have stuck to all of our austerity plans , unlike italy , greece or portugal . 
  on top of all that , our fiscal problems were not as result of poor spending , we actually had surpluses all the way up to 2007 , it was a our rogue banks that acted out of order that caused the problem and now the people have to pay for a debt we did n't incur . 
  i 've paid the price in my own way . 
  i just graduated from college and the only option open to me , an individual who served the country 's armed forces , who has never been in debt , was to go on social welfare or emigrate . 
  now i live 10,000 km away in a country that at the time of arrival was full of strangers . 
  i 'd like to see how well you 'd cope under similar situations . 
  i 'm sorry , i was trolling before . 
  i do n't mean any of it . 
  you guys are alright on my watch . 
  besides , you guys are moving in the right direction with the eu , my country was a shit hole until we joined it . 
  you mean you 've never heard our business model that brought us from being one of the poorest countries in europe to being one of the richest . 
  think about it , where do dell , intel and google have their european headquarters . 
  it 's ireland . 
  we may have list a little money , but we 're the only one of the pigs set to make a decent recovery . 
  also , our diaspora of 80 million people is worldwide . 
  our genes are in the elite of every major country and irish immigrants make it to the top of their new society within two decades . 
  let 's see how long it takes bulgaria to achieve even half as much , assuming either of us live that long . 
  somebody is a pro-russian bulgarian . 
  besides , like your country 's culture is in any way better than the rest of europe , i mean we had to withold eu funding from you guys * indefinitely * because your officials were pocketing it all . 
  i wonder how far the world would get if we copied the bulgarian business model . 
  sure , but the rest of the whole world certainly wants to be western europe/north america . 
  they brought civilisation to the rest of the world and although it was often unwelcome and maliciously executed by the colonial powers ( i 'm irish , i should know ) ours is a civilisation coveted by almost all other nations and what they strive to be . 
  not many round these parts would get that . 
  all the same , hats off . 
   most unadulterated hyper capitalist bullshit i 've ever heard . 
  i know and is n't it just so brilliantly ironic . 
  where 's the person telling the story from the other point of view ? 
  he 's not there ? 
  american news only shows one side of the story ? 
  well that 's one thing they need to copy from europe , balanced media coverage . 
  i tend to agree with serbia more often than not . 
  my father worked with the osce in belgrade and as a result , he is always keen on getting the full story which i usually get him to relay to me . 
  1 this is a definite no . 
  i honestly do n't see it breaking up nor do i see full federalisation in 20 years . 
  i do however think that the member states will be more closely bound together and although i do n't think that federalisation will happen by then , i think it may be raised as a possibility further down the road . 
  2 i believe that the euro will overcome the current crisis and in doing so become less vulnerable due to more fiscal cohesion between the euro-zone nations . 
  3 the only country that i would see leaving if at all is the uk . 
  i see croatia , serbia , iceland joining with a small possibility of norway macedonia and bosnia joining if not being a part of the candidacy process . 
  no offence , but i thought i 'd point out that the tricolour represents both communities . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm just someone who 'd like the flag to stand for bridging the communities as it was originally intended and not to identify just one side of it . 
  i 'm from ireland but i live in japan . 
  the netherlands rarely does itself any favours in the world of international politics . 
  i do n't know about that , they 're all for adopting the euro if they get independence . 
  i 'm glad ireland 's still up there . 
  we 've taken a beating lately so it 's nice to know that the people know the difference between the eu and the european national governments and the ecb . 
  it 's just a word that gets thrown in their when national politicians want to pass on blame to europe .
