  the eufor mission in chad , for example was a u.n. mandated mission that both sweden and ireland participated in . 
  what juncker was suggesting was a central headquarters where these operations can be better coordinated . 
  that 's all juncker says in his speech . 
  any talk of an eu army or anything else along those lines is pure conjecture . 
  i often ask the same question myself . 
  by your logic greece or bulgaria would be better since they 're both closer to russia and the middle east . 
  besides , it 'd be nice if there was an instituion outside northwestern europe for once . 
  what is south tyrol still doing in italy ? 
  is n't it still full of german speaking people who want to be austrian ? 
  are n't minor prepositions and auxiliary verbs like will supposed to be removed from word clouds ? 
  will is kind of pointless to have leading a wordcloud . 
  based off what you 're saying i 'm not sure if the irish army is right for you . 
  it 's a fairly relaxed organisation and although it has an exemplary record in peacekeeping it 's not an emotional love for the country that motivates our troops . 
  for them it 's purely a sense of professionalism that motivates them to do a good job . 
  besides your approval for invading other countries which are the source of hostile territories is very far removed from irish foreign policy . 
  based on your views i think that the best fit for you is the british army or the foreign legion , as you said , if your french is any good . 
  the us army might be a good option too . 
  but with your views , i just do n't see you being happy in the irish army . 
  i also do n't see you fitting into what is essentially a very conformist organisation ( same as any army though ) . 
  on a more separate note . 
  talk of an eu army has been blown way out of proportion . 
  juncker just talked about a joint command centre and journalists and pundits have been making massive leaps by talking about an eu army . 
  the notion of an eu army is not at all on the table right now . 
  spanish , french and german are useless since it would mean most europeans having to learn them when they already invested so much time and money into learning english . 
  english is the universal language of europe , with or without the uk . 
  the fact that this entire sub is in english proves that point . 
  and i 'm not just saying that because i 'm a native english speaker . 
  it may be my first language but i do n't have any sentimental attachment to it . 
  the only language that i feel goes hand in hand with my identity is irish . 
  to me the english language is just a tool , but a particularly useful one . 
  they must do it in batches . 
  my home town , galway , was elected for 2020 just a few weeks ago . 
  to be honest , i do n't know what form the public debate was at the time , i was only like 4 or 5 . 
  the point i was really trying to make is that it 's too late to debate the issue now since the decision has long since been made . 
   would it really be that bad to have the deutsch mark and the franc and the punt back the answer to this question is a resounding yes . 
  the uncertainty of doing this would wreak economic havoc that would make the 2008 crash look like a kid losing its lunch money . 
  it would be unimaginably catastrophic and europe 's economy would be irrevocably damaged . 
  that 's what i meant by the eu crossing the rubicon when adopting the euro . 
  there 's no going back . 
  there 's only staying still and continuing europe 's downward economic trend or moving forward , in spite of how unpalatable that may be for those who do n't like to see more integration . 
  the time for arguing whether or not the eu should go down this road was when the euro was being debated over 20 years ago . 
  it 's more eu or no eu . 
  europe has two feet on two separate techtonic plates that are slowly drifting apart . 
  that 's fine right now but sooner or later we 're going to have to make a choice , empower the eu to deal with the issues its facing or abandon the vast majority of the major eu projects which would include ending the euro . 
  if you ask me we actually do need more integration . 
  even if you do n't like the idea of a federal europe at this stage the alternative is far worse . 
  the problem is that in adopting the euro we 've already crossed the rubicon . 
  adopting the euro without integrating political control was a terrible idea . 
  the euro should have been all or nothing . 
  but it was n't and we are where we are right now and to go back would simply be far more painful than to advance forward . 
  i 'm not offended , i just wanted to point out the inconsistency in the joke . 
   manned by the french except the french have the best army in the eu . 
  to put it simply , it 's the difference between decades of socialist policies ( i.e. 
  scandinavia ) and decades of neoliberal policies ( i.e. 
  the uk ) . 
  no it wo n't . 
  these people are absolutely and completely delusional . 
  nothing will ever convince them that britain is n't invincible . 
  why would n't they ? 
  the irish army is small but it 's very well equipped and performs to a world renowned standard . 
  we 're one of the most reliable peacekeeping nations . 
  when looking to replace the austrians , who bailed on undof in the golan heights the minute things got hairy , the un looked straight to ireland . 
  also , our special forces , the irish army ranger wing , is one of the best in the world . 
  they routinely win special forces competitions , their speciality [ being snipers . 
  ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/defence-forces-win-international-sniper-competition-1.2404120 ), 
  not as belligerents , ireland 's involvement in the lebanese civil war was purely under a un peacekeeping capacity . 
  not when doing their bit involves being a belligerent in a war that completely undermines our foreign policy and reputation that took decades to build . 
  but that would be the absolute minority of cases . 
  ireland would n't have any issue with sending its troops on any mission which has a un mandate and i do n't see the eu getting involved in any conflicts without one . 
  europe needs to be prepared for crises within or near it 's borders . 
  a lack of any form of european army is one factor that led to the massacres during the yugoslavian wars . 
  the eu did nothing for years and eventually had to wait for america to come and sort out a crisis in our own back garden . 
  it was an absolute embarrassment . 
  this should n't be surprising and the leavers should refrain from congratulating themselves too soon . 
  virtually every serious newspaper agrees that in the long run the british economy will suffer badly as a result of leaving the eu . 
  it is merely a question of how badly . 
  the uk government is stalling the brexit to buy time . 
  the markets have just realised that the status quo is going to continue until brexit gets properly underway and so they 've calmed as a result . 
  my prediction is that as we see the terms of the brexit unfold we 'll start to see the markets get jittery again . 
  the only way british growth is going to remain is if the uk stays within the single market . 
  i do n't think that they 'll get any meaningful immigration concessions if they want to stay within the single market . 
  if they leave the single market we 'll see the immediate post-referendum response from the markets set in permanently , especially if the uk loses its passporting rights . 
  so the uk either gains nothing meaningful from leaving the eu while surrendering a lot of power , or it 's economy goes to shit . 
  it 's just a dose of classic british exceptionalism . 
  the idea that britain always succeeds , especially against those pesky europeans . 
  that 's certainly a scenario , but it 's an optimistic one . 
  for years before that happens , we 'll have to tolerate a border that we do n't want and tariffs on one of our largest trading partners which could be disastrous for our economy . 
  and i do n't see the eu being kind to us by allowing us to do a bilateral deal with the uk . 
  in recent history they 've pushed their weight around to bully ireland and a few occasions . 
  the most obvious case is the apple ruling , but there have been other situations . 
  another is the new bank bailout system put in place in case spain 's banks fail . 
  had that been in place for ireland 's banks we would n't have needed a bailout . 
  when we asked for it to work retroactively so the eu could bail out ireland 's banks directly instead of letting the irish taxpayer ( who had nothing to do with these banks failing ) taking the hit barroso said that they have to pay and he explicity said the irish people deserved it . 
  then there was the bailout itself . 
  the irish government was n't ready to take it ( although they definitely would have taken it eventually ) and the eu basically forced ireland to accept the bailout on its terms . 
  i think it 's jupp\u00e9 's to lose at this stage . 
  fillon might catch up , but jupp\u00e9 's lead is pretty large right now . 
  well i do n't believe her . 
  what needs to be done to fix europe is first a more comprehensive banking union , then a fiscal union and finally a political union ( although not necessarily in that order ) . 
  merkel has shown no interest in bringing about any of these so i think her idea of `` fixing '' the eu is by coming up with another makeshift solution that suits germany fine but which kicks the can down the road .
