   iceland . 
  takes me back to the good ol' days when i lived in japan and even co-workers who knew me for 3 years could n't remember whether i was irish or icelandic . 
  while that 's true , it took independence before they 'd actually start treating us that way . 
  had we stayed in the uk , it would have taken a few more decades before they would have been willing to treat us that way . 
  i think that had we stayed we 'd have ended up as england 's breadbasket . 
  look at northern ireland . 
  they had a wonderfull industrial base that was twice as developed as the the rest of ireland . 
  now their economy is based off government jobs and it 's 10 % the size of ireland 's in spite of having 20 % the population . 
  for two communities sharing one small island , having double the gdp per capita is a massive gap . 
   most irish people would happily see us fall into the sea what does that mean ? 
   they made us many promises , more than i can remember . 
  but they kept but one -- they promised to take our land ... and they took it . 
  - chief red cloud of the sioux he was n't talking about the british but you get my point . 
  i do n't think jumping on a sinking ship is the answer , especially when from our perspective , less than 100 years ago that was our slave ship . 
   on october 25th john bruton and bertie ahern , two former irish prime ministers , appeared before a committee in britain 's house of lords to discuss the impact of britain 's decision to leave the european union on its western neighbour . 
  both men were sombre . 
  brexit , said mr bruton , might deal ireland 's economy an even heavier blow than britain 's -- even though , as he added wryly , `` we had no say in that decision . '' since 1973 , when both countries joined the eu 's precursor , the european economic community , irish businesses have become intertwined with british ones , said mr ahern . 
  unpicking those ties would be `` devastating '' . 
   the first blow has already fallen , says fergal o\u2019brien of ibec , a business lobby group . 
  as sterling has weakened , exports to britain have become less competitive , and imports from britain cheaper . 
  britain takes two-fifths of irish-owned firms ' exports , and a similar share of all agricultural exports . 
  beef and dairy farmers are struggling , and several of ireland 's mushroom farms , which export four-fifths of their produce to britain , have already closed . 
  the pain will worsen as sterling 's fall and brexit-induced business uncertainty hit demand in britain , says mr o\u2019brien . 
  `` when your partner shoots itself in the foot , you 're bound to suffer too . ''  once britain actually leaves the eu , irish firms will face further difficulties . 
  those thinking of exporting generally start with britain , points out alan barrett of the economic and social research institute , a think-tank in dublin . 
  and many irish workers gain experience and training across the irish sea . 
  post-brexit , irish firms will struggle to break out of their small domestic market and will recruit from a shallower talent pool . 
  distribution and supply chains criss-cross both islands . 
  if customs checks and tariffs were reintroduced , those links would have to be broken . 
  trade would fall further as rules on everything from food labelling to environmental standards diverged . 
   ireland 's government is particularly worried about the border between northern ireland , part of the united kingdom , and the southern republic . 
  for decades northern ireland suffered civil conflict between republicans , who fought for a united ireland , and unionists committed to remaining in the united kingdom . 
  the good friday peace agreement of 1998 committed the british and irish governments , and northern ireland 's devolved administration , to removing controls on the north-south border . 
   this has facilitated business , political and cultural links -- as has the `` common travel area '' -- a long-standing agreement that citizens of both islands can move freely between them . 
  brexit could `` wake a lot of sleeping dogs '' , says noel whelan , a political analyst in dublin . 
  unless britain stays in the eu 's single market and accepts free movement of people -- which seems unlikely -- the north 's stability is at risk . 
   one mooted solution is to impose customs and immigration controls not between the two countries but between the two islands . 
  british officials would set up in the republic 's ports and airports ; northern irish residents would show passports to travel to the rest of the united kingdom . 
  that might be less unpalatable than reinforcing the north-south border . 
  but that border will soon divide the eu from britain , points out dara murphy , ireland 's minister for european affairs , and the eu will have to agree to any deal the british and irish governments might make . 
  ireland 's main concern , he says , is to ensure that both britain and the rest of europe understand the risks brexit poses to peace and prosperity in both parts of ireland . 
   the irish government is seeking to salvage what it can . 
  ida ireland , the national investment agency , is redoubling its efforts to sell ireland 's well-educated workforce and low corporation tax to foreign investors . 
  financial services offer the most promise , says feargal o\u2019rourke of pwc 's dublin office . 
  irish consultants are touting the notion that banks based in london could keep the `` passport '' that entitles them to do business across the eu by moving a chunk of their activities to ireland , which would be less disruptive than full-blown relocation . 
  some talk of ireland gaining as many as 20,000 jobs from this . 
   given the many ways in which brexit will damage ireland , these jobs would be merely a consolation prize . 
  but there is no room for bitterness . 
  the less brexit harms britain , the better for ireland , points out johnny fallon , a political commentator -- and that means ireland must try to persuade the rest of europe to grant britain generous exit terms . 
  `` some in europe would be very happy to see post-brexit britain collapse , '' he says . 
  `` not ireland . 
  we 're very eager to see britain hold up . '', 
  same for me here in ireland . 
  no idea who any of them are . 
  northern ireland unionists are professionals at getting their feelings hurt . 
  grow a thick skin op . 
  everyone gets their fair share of flak on this sub ( and brits never shy away from doling it out ) . 
  i have no idea to be honest . 
  funny you should say that , because i found parts of southern france colder than ireland , specifically the south interior or toulouse . 
  i 've always loved mexico and especially so after i met one of my best friends who 's from mexico . 
  my go to reaction to german cars is polish veto . 
  yeah , i feel like kosovo opened pandora 's box on that one . 
  it 's kind of easy to see how a serbian national ends up thinking that the world is out to get serbia . 
  the west essentially orchestrated kosovo 's independence but the very same countries say it 's against the rules for the serbs in srpska to do the exact same . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with them ( although i do think the west 's involvement in kosovo 's independence was a mistake ) but i understand their thought process . 
  big american business . 
  i wonder if they have the balls to go after big european businesses . 
  of course , plenty of people feel that way too , but these people , myself included , feel that we need evidence from the commission that they 're going after other offenders too and not just singling out ireland . 
  i think we should wait and see if they go after luxembourg while juncker is in office before we act . 
  and for the record , ireland has , for the most part , adjusted its dubious tax laws . 
  the apple ruling was retroactive and applied to a period of time before the changes to irish tax law were made . 
  as for our 12.5 % corporate tax rate , they can piss off if they want us to lower that . 
  that 's not a tax haven rate , it 's just a relatively low tax rate . 
  i have to agree with juncker on this one . 
  it was primarily the uk that did n't like the idea of central european institutions being a driving force for the eu , but they 're on the way out . 
  from what i can tell , most of the rest of us are getting tired of the eu being driven by the national interests of its larger member states . 
  all of our largest crises have been driven by this . 
  a solid response to the eurocrisis has n't been found because more obvious solutions that would suit the eurozone as a whole ( i.e. 
  eurobonds ) do n't suit the largest states and so they have been rejected . 
  the greece crisis resulted in a lot of apathy towards the eu because the larger states settled on a decision that suited them and austerity as a whole has driven euroscepticism which was also forced through by a minority of powerful national governments . 
  then you have the migrant crisis . 
  most countries did n't want to open the floodgates but the big countries decided that it was going to happen so it did . 
  if tusk wins this power struggle and the larger members of the council continue to dictate their political will over the rest , it 'll tear the eu apart . 
  i 've always really liked the japanese national anthem . 
  it 's brief , soft , and calming ; more like a poem than a national anthem . 
  too bad it 's heavily associated with rampant nationalism \u00af \\ \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af . 
  i actually think the exact opposite . 
  it 's far easier for the us to get whipped up in a nationalist frenzy . 
  that was very much the feeling from ireland . 
  a lot of people feel like it was the commission vilifying the fringe nations as usual . 
  it 's hard to argue against that logic when tax havens in the heart of europe like luxembourg get to continue with impunity . 
  it 's also telling that the commission has only gone after american companies when there are plenty of european companies with dubious tax records . 
  i 'm not saying that i subsribe to this narrative , but they are still interesting observations . 
  why are people even talking about an eu army ? 
  juncker just suggested a central hq for eufor operations that already exist . 
  but the media has gone into a self fueld eu army craze . 
  and it seems like everyone in / r/europe has fallen for it hook line and dinner . 
  this is all true but it 's important to note that an eu army is not at all on the table . 
  here 's what is on the table . 
  over the past 10 years the eu has led over 30 operations over the world .
