  i know how to do my research . 
  * the tories ' plans for the nhs is against the interest of the majority of the british people . 
  * the eurosceptic tories ' views are against the interest of the majority of the british people ( even if they themselves are eurosceptics ) . 
  * joining ttip is against the interests of most british people . 
  * pushing neoliberal policies through since the 80s is against the interest of the majority of the british people ( new labour also shoulder the blame ) . 
  those policies have seen the systematic decrease in the share of growth of the british economy since they were first enacted . 
  those are just some of the things that come to the top of my head . 
  i know well enough . 
  i lived in the uk during the last election so i did my homework before i voted . 
  as always with the conservatives , this will not stick at all and cameron will get away with it . 
  the electorate of the uk ( or at least tory voters ) have a talent for voting against their interests . 
  but it takes just a few minutes and is instantly aproved . 
  visas take time to clear and are a massive pain in the ass . 
  but most eu citizens do n't need a visa to go to the us . 
  exactly , at least the far right in europe is restricted to the fringe and not in the mainstream like in the us . 
  it 's because it was what changed the minds of the irish people . 
  before the rising the irish people were happy with just home rule . 
  the aftermath of the rising reminded them of the past and what british rule meant for ireland . 
  it was a massive turning point without which we 'd likely never have become independent . 
  norway tried to be neutral until they were attacked . 
  had they not been attacked , they 'd have gladly stayed neutral . 
  that 's different . 
  the term india applied to the entire subcontinent long before the state of india was formed . 
  india dervies from indus which comes from the indus river ( which was persian for sindhi ) which is actually in pakistan . 
  the state of india just decided to call itself after the subcontinent . 
  it 's not unlike how the us took its name from the continent it 's on . 
  the british isles is different though . 
  the term britain only ever applied to just britain and had no association with ireland until the 16th century when the term british isles was created by the government of england under queen elizabeth i in order to justify england 's expansion into ireland . 
  so that explains the two major complaints irish people have against the term . 
  it 's was retrofitted to ireland and it was done so in order to purposefully confuse people into thinking ireland as british . 
  that 'd be fine if the regional term was n't simply drawn from the bigger of the two . 
  iberia is great because it does n't imply that the portugese are really just spanish . 
  the british isles implies that ireland is truly british and it plays a large part in confusing a lot of people about ireland being an independent nation . 
  which wo n't nearly make up for the billions you 'll lose from being outside of the single market . 
  sounds like a fair compromise . 
  there 's nothing official about the british isles though . 
  i doubt if it has any form of status in uk law and it certainly does n't have any in irish law . 
  the uk and ireland is the simplest term . 
  it 's only two syllables longer and takes the same number letters to write ( fewer if we 're not counting spaces ) , it 's meaning is just as clear and it does n't have any political baggage . 
  i do n't think many non-irish people would know that . 
  his role in con-air is typical of his hollywood appearances , but it 's not as good as his role in under siege !, 
  in ireland his star trek days are a side note to all the domestic work he 's done . 
  out of all the irish actors , he 's probably the one with the biggest difference in his domestic and international reputation . 
  to us he is up there with neeson , gleeson and farrell . 
  abroad he 's a character actor from the 90s . 
  i figured it was a bit cheeky to claim both neeson and day-lewis . 
  then again , both neeson and day-lewis have irish citizenship . 
  only one has british citizenship . 
  but as someone posted below , he still sees himself as english more so than irish , which is fair enough , he grew up over there . 
  it 's just an observation based off of plenty of facts . 
  he has dual irish-american citizenship , stating that [ `` i 'm still a proud irishman , of course , but i 've become an american citizen - i 'm very proud of that '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/celebritynews/6097584/liam-neeson-becomes-an-american-citizen.html ) . 
  since it 's quite difficult to have triple citizenship that effectively rules him out as having british citizenship as well . 
  he 's a nationalist ( in ireland that means pro-united ireland ) . 
  he lived and worked in dublin for a number of years at the start of his career . 
  in his line of work he 's played michael collins ( the man who achieved independence for ireland and who he calls an inspiration ) and narrated a documentary about the 1916 easter rising ( which kicked off the independence movement ) . 
  he may be critical of the irish government [ in this article ] ( http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/movies/movie-news/dont-fing-insult-the-irish-people-any-more-liam-neeson-wont-move-home-to-ireland-because-of-water-charges-30863180.html ) but it 's telling that he calls ireland home . 
  you ca n't just claim the popular irish people from northern ireland and reject the rest . 
  liam neeson is no more british than gerry adams . 
  besides , one of the major elements of the peace process was that people from northern ireland could choose to be either british , irish or both and that everyone else has to respect that . 
  the evidence clearly suggests that neeson is irish even if he does have an obe ( so do pierce brosnan and bob geldof and they 're also not british ) , so in the spirit of the peace process , you ought to respect that . 
  northern irish can either be a stand alone identity , or a sub-identity of irish and/or british . 
  as such , neeson is both irish and northern irish but not british . 
  my bad , but he did certainly develop it in dublin . 
  fair enough . 
  it is a bit weird , i admit . 
  but declining an obe is a much bigger statemet than accepting one and so i reckon in the spirit of the peace proccess he decided to accpet it . 
  an obe does n't make you british . 
  plenty of non-brits have obes . 
  there are , however , plenty of actors that we can share . 
  daniel day-lewis , for example , has joint irish-british citizenship . 
  ireland has a few . 
  our best known actor is probably liam neeson . 
  our most respected right now is probably brendan gleeson . 
  on top of that we have domhnaill gleeson , colin farrell , saoirse ronan , michael fassbender , pierce brosnan and cillian murphy . 
  famous within ireland and less so outside are colm meaney , james nesbit , gabriel byrne ( basically a character actor outside of ireland ) , aiden gillen and liam cunningham . 
  gon na have to claim liam neeson for ireland . 
  he has an irish passport . 
  he 's a nationalist ( in ireland that means pro-united ireland ) . 
  he learnt his trade and started his career in dublin . 
  in his line of work he 's played michael collins ( the man who acheived independence for ireland and who he calls an inspiration ) and narrated a documentary about the 1916 easter rising ( which kicked off the independence movement ) . 
  he may be critical of the irish government [ in this article ] ( http://www.independent.ie/entertainment/movies/movie-news/dont-fing-insult-the-irish-people-any-more-liam-neeson-wont-move-home-to-ireland-because-of-water-charges-30863180.html ) but it 's telling that he calls ireland home . 
  23 is the absolute minimum but realistically , how many 23 year olds have decent enough paying jobs to afford a house ? 
  i 'm 28 , worked a well paying job out of college and still was n't earning nearly enough to buy a bedsit . 
  the cheapest you 'd get an apartment in dublin ( and well outside the m50 ) is $ 150,000 . 
  you 'd need to be earning at least $ 45,000 as well as have $ 15,000 to spare as a deposit to buy that . 
  what 23 year old has that kind of money , especially in this economic climate ? 
  i do n't know a single person in their 20s who are buying houses now . 
  i know lots of first time buyers and they 're all in their 30s and are buying as couples both with decent paying jobs . 
  that 20 % rise was just because of high demand and short supply . 
  once more houses are built to meet the high demand prices should go down . 
  personally i think that housing prices have to go down again in the next decade . 
  the youngest generation of house buyers today were far less hit by the crisis than people in their 20s are now . 
  when these people reach settling down age ( in about 10 yesrs ) there 's no way they 'll be making enough to afford a house . 
  i just ca n't see how an entire generation of people who are massively victim to youth unemployment ( the jobsbridge generation ) will be anywhere near able to afford a house in a the next few years . 
  i know lots of japanese people who 've been to paris and none had an experience like this . 
  conversely , when i lived in japan , i knew a lot of weeaboos who moved to japan thinking it was going to be some sort of paradise only to have their souls crushed by how painfully normal and uniform day to day life in japan is . 
  like living in any foreign country , the experience you have is what you make of it ( and i made it awesome for myself ) . 
  these people expected to be living in an anime from day one and deeply resented japan because of how it turned out . 
  that meant that a lot of japanophiles came to japan and left disliking the country whereas other people who came without any preconceptions of japan left the country as japanophiles . 
  there 's no point in doing the can i go to the toilet joke unless you write it out phonetically .
