  in fact , out of the 2 countries with opt-outs ( the uk & denmark ) and the one with an unofficial opt-out ( sweden ) , we might see some of them voluntarily join in the future . 
  most of the danish political parties support joining ( which makes sense since they 're already in erm ii and joining the euro would only give them more control ) and popular support was actually on the fence until the crash . 
  i think once popular opinion of the euro recovers , the danish government will try to join again . 
  as for sweden , their parties also mostly want to join the euro and have indicated that they might try to do so once poland and denmark join ( since they 'll be the only country on the baltic not using the euro ( aside from russia and it 's tiny baltic coast ) . 
  as for the uk , the only scenario where i see them adopting the euro is if they leave the eu and then rejoin , having to fully accept the maastricht treaty which they had previously had opt-outs for , thus necessitating their joining . 
  at least ryanair give you the choice of buying expensive sandwiches . 
  most airlines include the price within your ticket , making you buy the expensive sandwich whether you want it or not . 
  tough shit . 
  it was a condition of joining the eu . 
  it 's not an \u00e0 la carte restaurant , it 's a set menu . 
  nope , a huge amount of japanese work hours are off the books . 
  people who work 12 hour days are only working 8 hours according to the books . 
  that 's the real root of the problem . 
  it does n't matter if sdlp are that shade of green since plaid cymru and the greens will never get a seat in northern ireland . 
  but yeah , having greens and plaid cymru as the same colour is stupid . 
  it 's escpecially fun looking from the inside and with a vote . 
  that 's all true but it bears no relevance to the situation in ireland . 
  they had economic difficulties because they had been having consistent deficits for years , 4 decades as you said . 
  austerity was important in helping portugal with it 's budget problems . 
  ireland meanwhile , had had consistent budget surpluses right up until 2007 , the year before the crash . 
  its crash was due to a collapsed banking sector . 
  austerity was n't really needed because ireland did n't have the fundamental budget problems that portugal and greece had been suffering . 
  that ireland 's growth has coincided with it 's completion of austerity budgets is a coincidence . 
  the economic data shows that it 's from trade surpluses with larger economies whose economies have been improving . 
  our economy 's condition more or less mirrors theirs . 
  it was only by chance that we completed austerity around the time that the uk and us economies started to improve . 
  admittedly , austerity might have helped a little bit , but it was still not the primary cause . 
  my original comment was pointing out that the idea that ireland owed its current growth to the ecb . 
  that is simply not the case . 
  it does n't stop them from taking credit though . 
  aww thanks dude . 
  for what it 's worth , i did n't necessarily have you in mind when i wrote that , just whomever it was who did downvote me . 
  [ they did n't . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/333y65/the_european_central_bank_acted_in_an_outrageous/cqhdzr6 ) the source of ireland 's growth has nothing to do with the austerity measures . 
  that does n't stop the ecb and the big wigs in the council from patting themselves on the back for a job well done though . 
  actually , the fact is that we have positive growth * in spite * of austerity . 
  our growth comes almost exclusively from the strength of our exports , mainly to the us and from invest from mainly us companies . 
  the success of our recovery relies heavily on the us economy , as long as they grow , so do we . 
  as the economist put it [ `` ireland 's economic bounce has more to do with the relative success of the united states and britain -- its biggest export markets -- and the structural features of its economy than with the austerity it was obliged to impose . 
  as a small , globalised country with a flexible labour market , a skilled workforce and low taxes , all features that predate the bail-out , ireland was well placed to respond to higher demand abroad '' . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21631127-ireland-good-news-story-not-quite-way-eu-would-emerald-shines-again?zid=310&amp;ah=4326ea44f22236ea534e2010ccce1932 ) edit : if you 're butthurt by what i wrote , then by all means downvote me . 
  but being downvoted wo n't change the fact that i 'm objectively right . 
  i 'm just going by what the economic data says . 
  unfortunately he 's wrong , nafta has a larger gdp than the eu . 
  works for us . 
  deal !, 
  president ? 
  you do n't have a president , i 'm not falling for that . 
  besides , [ we already have a good one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wwvmnkcrugw&amp;t=3m45s ) . 
  i 'm sure they would n't mind us taking it . 
  sure we had similar economic troubles to spain , but we 're on the up , we 're committed to the eu and we even speak english . 
  ( pssst , spain , we do n't really want it . 
  when we get it we 'll trade it . 
  what will you give us for it ? ), 
  his accent is going to be atrocious . 
  i did n't know that they had dammed galway bay in the dark ages . 
  o grow up . 
  do you think so poorly of europe that just by speaking english we 'd be under further risk of becoming an american puppet ? 
  the fact remains , that americans and europeans share a lot in common . 
  many europeans , in fact , share more in common with americans that with other europeans . 
  having english as a universal language between both blocks makes the small differences we do have look all the smaller . 
  being closer to the americans culturally does n't mean that we 're suddenly going to be the lackeys of gun toting crazy republicans . 
  that 's something i 'd expect a conspiracy theory nut to come up with . 
  i do love french and i 'll continue to learn it but he 's right , english should be the undisputed lingua franca ( which i find to be a very ironic term given the circumstances ) . 
  aside from the obvious benefits , i think that the entire western world sharing a common dominant language is very advantageous . 
  it 'll hopefully further close the gap of the north atlantic . 
  well if you 're setting the bar that low , there 's no reason not to include the scandinavians . 
  yes , because luxembourg is a beacon of relevance on the world stage . 
  btw , qwerty 4 life . 
  the irish rations actually look like a combination between the german and british ones . 
  we have a lot of the same little extras as the brits , but the gold packs in the german one , which contains the main meal , looks identical to the irish ones . 
  at least , that 's what they looked like 10 years ago when i was in the fc\u00c1 / rdf . 
  yeah , even france is pushing it with +1 since that timezone naturally fits around the german-polish border , but spain has no excuse . 
  they 're way out of kilter.most of spain is at least utc +0 and some of it is even utc-1 !, 
  also , the west of ireland is actually utc-1 . 
  where i 'm from , galway , this becomes compounded when we 're in summer time given that we 're essentially 2 hours of solar resulting in 11pm sunsets . 
  there are rumours about michael d. i have a friend who 's been friends with the president for years and he 's convinced that he 's at least bi . 
  i 'd imagine that many of these apply in most european countries . 
  it seems like this video is targeted at americans . 
  i do n't think they would . 
  the english-american economic model is way more far removed from the german one than the french one . 
  also , france and germany actually mostly agree on things like european integration , the eurozone etc. 
  i find restrictions on freedom of speech that definitely affect me scarier than the minuscule chance that i 'd be the victim of a terrorist attack . 
  sure i 'm more likely to die in a car crash , should we ban cars ? 
  if we 're that dark , then anywhere lighter must be exceptionally fucked up . 
  jaysus , paul rudd 's french accent is attrocious . 
  at times it sounded more like a posh english accent . 
  in case you did n't know , irish is a completely different language . 
  for example , `` my name is temujin64 '' in irish is `` temujin64 is ainm dom '' . 
  tae is also pronounced `` tay '' . 
  a ridiculous statement such as `` was it too much to just call it tea ? '', 
  is akin to asking a frenchman or german the same question . 
  as a result i have tagged you as someone who i should n't take seriously in the future . 
  til , the english for bear is cucumber . 
  this should have the standard tax cut off point too . 
  for example , the uk 's 45 % is higher than ireland 's 41 % , but in reality , irish people pay far more income tax since they start to pay 41 % on money earned after around $ 30,000 where brits pay 45 % after around $ 100,000 . 
  civil unions are legal in ireland so it 's justifiably blue . 
  that was the ultimate finding of my dissertation , lol . 
  any excuse to give the conservatives some credit . 
  i have a bachelors in political science and a masters ( from a uk university ) in international relations .
