  classic straw-man argument . 
  i never said that . 
  a common argument but i 've only ever heard it made by people whose native tongue is a dominant language . 
  i do n't think that 's a coincidence . 
  it was the british invasion of ireland that led to the demise of irish . 
  the point was that the brits complain about the demise of their culture without a shred of self-awareness about how many cultures they 've obliterated . 
  in dublin you see a fair bit of diversity in euro coins . 
  in my wallet right now i have a few irish coins , a french one , german one , spanish one and slovakian one . 
  there 's no such thing as karma . 
  lads , she 's like 14 in that picture . 
  i know a lot of people who like to boast how many languages they speak even though most of them are just languages like their native tongue that they can understand without speaking . 
  south africans do it a lot and get away with it because irish people are so clueless about languages that they 'll believe anyone with any sort of authority on foreign languages . 
  the two countries were at war . 
  i 'm pretty sure that constitutes a breaking of an alliance , so it 's not unbroken for 600 years . 
  this is untrue . 
  the two were pitted against each other 377 years ago , in 1640 , during the [ dutch-portuguese war . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch\u2013portuguese_war ), 
  i can see why you think that this is confusing because you were in fact misled . 
  ` aoi ' is not pronounced as ` ee ' . 
  most irish people will pronounce it as ` ee ' however this is wrong . 
  a native irish speaker will pronounce all three of these vowels in a single syllable . 
  it 's quite unnatural for an native english speaker so most learners of the language can not even hear all three vowels let alone pronounce them in the same way . 
  it 's like how when i was teaching japanese kids words with the letter v which they can not pronounce . 
  to them v and b sounded identical until i coached them to learn the difference . 
  unfortunately , with the irish education system their is essentially no emphasis placed on phonology . 
  although 40 % of the final irish exam is dedicated to an oral component , phonology is not graded . 
  as long as you can speak fluidly with good grammar and use a good vocabulary you 'll get a good grade even if you use english phonology throughout . 
  as a result even proficient speakers of the irish language have terrible phonology , often without even realising it . 
  a relatively small minority of people on the island . 
  if anything it 's the opposite of triggering , it 's a united ireland . 
  the single market is still pretty restrictive when it comes to a lot of services . 
  same . 
  op would have gotten an automated email to tell them to screen shot it or paste the text but the could n't be bothered . 
  worse . 
  this data is old , ireland is a net contributor now , albeit by a small margin . 
  the main reason for this is because ireland gets a lot of money from the cap . 
  if the cap were abolished tomorrow , ireland would be contributing a much larger net share . 
  we tried peaceful methods throughout the 19th century and it did n't work so we pivoted . 
  the particular political landscape at the time allowed for a guerilla campaign to be successful . 
  however things changed . 
  they 've been trying the guerilla method for decades and it has n't worked . 
  that 's why the likes of sinn f\u00e9in pivoted back into peaceful means . 
  it 's a slow process but it 's done more for the cause in northern ireland than bombs ever did . 
  there 's no verb form of centimetre , not yet at least . 
  fine gael are the most popular party right now . 
  d4 is n't that populous . 
  top quality comment . 
  there are so many others who are saying `` he 's tory dickhead ! '', 
  with absolutely no sources to back up their claim . 
  they 're just parroting their lazy , unresearched left-wing agenda . 
  i 'm very much left of centre , but nothing grinds my gears than arm-chair leftists who make the rest of us look bad . 
  varadkar is definitely too far to the right for me , but he 's in fine gael , what were people expecting ? 
  i think first and foremost we should look for good leaders . 
  if the leader aligns to your politics that 's a bonus . 
  for his flaws , i think varadkar is competent . 
  i 'd much rather fine gael run the country than fianna f\u00e1il who are further to the left because fine gael have done a fairly good job over the past 6 years and fianna f\u00e1il always destroy the country every time they get in power . 
  fine gael are absolutely atrocious when it comes to scandals however and hopefully varadkar will be better at handling them than enda kenny . 
  but on economics and foreign affairs they 've done well enough , although i wish labour was still in government . 
  which wo n't be for a while since the opposition , fianna f\u00e1il , are n't doing very well right now in the polls . 
  europe depends on france reforming it 's economy . 
  rem are the only party capable of passing the necessary reforms . 
  that 's why europe needs rem to win . 
  the franco-german alliance drives the union , but that does n't mean that the other countries do n't get a say . 
  basically without leadership the eu just aimlessly wanders . 
  with leadership a path is forged and deals are made . 
  at the end of the day all sides have to agree so usually every country is happy . 
  when a captain leads their team to victory it 's not just the captain who wins . 
  personally i think the franco-german alliance is a great thing . 
  is there a realistic alternative . 
  for the past decade there has n't been much franco-german cooperation and during that past decades the eu stumbled from crisis to crisis . 
  they are . 
  it 's common practice for companies to get their employees to clock out and keep on working or not clock in on days that they 're supposed to have off in order to avoid legislation that punishes companies that overwork their staff . 
  your entire media is filled with eurbashing . 
  in my experience the british culture knows how to dish it out but ca n't handle any criticism . 
  it goes against the hardwired british exceptionalism . 
  tough shit . 
  that 's just a part of the cycle of culture . 
  new people come and they leave their mark on the culture and it changes as a result . 
  the original brits felt their culture was threatened by the celts . 
  then they were threatened by the anglo-saxons , then the romans then the normans . 
  but without all that there 'd be no british culture . 
  i do n't understand you . 
  what 's the difference between telling the rest of us and announcing it ? 
  the topic of treaty change came up at their first meeting and they revealed it straight away . 
  it 's not like we 're hearing about a franco-german plot to introduce another treaty months after they initially suggested it . 
  we 're hearing about it the same day . 
  some people just see the words treaty change and they get angry for no reason . 
  merkel and macron at el-adrel . 
  well not really . 
  the die hard repuclicans were already in favour of united ireland . 
  the poll is 20 % of people who used to be in favour of remaining with the uk now favouring united ireland following brexit . 
  that poll is n't really useful for two reasons . 
  first , brexit has n't happened yet so the prospect of a hard border is still very theoretical . 
  people also still do n't know what the economic prospects of a brexit are . 
  with so much left to speculation i 'm actually surprised that 20 % of people have already had their minds change . 
  if it turns out that brexit ends up leading to a hard border and the british economy suffers badly ( and we 'll throw in the tories making more cuts to the nhs ) , none of which are unlikely , then we could easily see a much bigger shift than just 20 % . 
  consider also the possibility that the irish economy keeps on growing as it is now and the eu has recovered from the crisis . 
  the ecnomic prospects of jumping from a sinking uk to a surging ireland and eu would be tempting for a lot more than just 20 % of the people . 
  the second reason why this poll is n't useful is because it does n't take into the long term demographic shift that favours the irish population of northern ireland . 
  sure mick was in his early 30s when he fucked the british out of ireland .
