  as well as that , galway is right next to the most beautiful countryside in all of ireland . 
  ireland is happy where it is in europe , thank you very much . 
  there are a few reasons . 
  first and foremost is our low corporate tax rate ( which is about the only low tax rate we have ) which saves these companies a lot of money and makes a lot for us . 
  secondly , it has a very well educated workforce . 
  the irish public have been enjoying cheap university for a while to the extent that about 70 % -80 % of secondary school ( high school ) graduates go on to graduate from college . 
  thirdly , we speak english , that 's a huge advantage for american companies because they do n't have to spend a lot of money hiring translators and interpreters . 
  thirdly , a lot of the produce from these companies that 's produced in ireland goes on to be sold to the rest of europe and the reason why they do n't build it in the uk is because they do n't use the euro . 
  by setting up shop in ireland you are reducing the number of currency transactions which can fluctuate unpredictably over in the long term . 
  ha , my patents could n't wait for me to leave and i 've talked to them wonky about a dozen times in the 18 months ( tomorrow being the 18 month mark exactly ) since i left . 
  as an emigrant i 'm curious to hear what they 're saying about emigration . 
  if the decision was purely between the governments of the republic of ireland and the united kingdom , we 'd both get what we what . 
  instead , ulster unionists , a tiny fraction of our combined populations are the only thing holding it up . 
  rising emigration was all the talk back a few years ago but i do n't know what the story is now seeing as i emigrated . 
  not really , approval of the eu has always been strong in ireland , even . 
  with the working class . 
  it has already started to recover from the bad press from around the time of the bailout . 
  as for me , i 've always found europe to be at my doorstep . 
  how could you not with ryanair and other low cost airlines making it so accessible . 
  in fact whenever i see how geographically remote ireland is to the mainland i always get a little baffled . 
  and set and made in ireland . 
  i think that 's enough to say it 's irish . 
  o come on , father ted was written by and starred exclusively by irish people as well as being set and made in ireland . 
  the only credit that the uk gets is that it 's was published by a british channel . 
  i would argue that black books is more irish ; if not at least to the same extent . 
  it 's written by two irishmen and stars an irishman in the lead . 
  then again it ' made and set in the uk with british supporting staff . 
  it 's like the iphone , designed in america made in china only written by irishmen , made in the uk . 
  multiple languages would be spoken but the official one would more than likely be english . 
  firstly , around a half of europeans today can speak english . 
  furthermore , it 'll make communication with the americans a lot easier as well as making an easier alliance . 
  the republic does n't need to have a better economy than the uk , it just needs to be a more attractive place to live . 
  and like i said before , the uk is eventually going to reach a point where it does n't want to support the north to the excessive extent that it does now . 
  ha , i 'm not gon na lie , i would like that the most . 
  but because of the uk 's position on the eu , i do n't think it 's worth discussing as a viable option . 
  but if atheists are unionist because of economics , then all it takes is for some time in the future when the republic 's economy is afloat again to be able to accommodative the north . 
  which is what i said in my second point . 
  besides , with the current recession , britain will cut back on it 's subsidisation of northern ireland . 
  as a result , eventually being a part of the uk wo n't be much more advantageous than joining the republic . 
  additionally , i think a lot of people , if not most misunderstand how the transition would work . 
  it 's not like the uk would hang over the keys and the next night ireland is unified . 
  the plan that currently stands in place is that there will be a very slow transition over the space of at least a decade in which the republic will slowly take on the cost of supporting northern ireland . 
  additionally , northern ireland is an enclave and enclaves , unless they have immense natural resources or are a big enough economic entity in their own right , are usually not economically viable and the same is true for northern ireland . 
  were ireland to unify , the burden that the north carries from being an enclave will slowly dissipate allowing the north to become a viable economically stable part of ireland as a whole . 
  northern ireland with it 's high education rate would also fit perfectly well with the republic 's hightech economic model . 
  of course i realise that , i 'm political science graduate and specialised in northern ireland politics for some modules . 
  i 'm just taking the correlation between protestantism and catholicism as a granted thing . 
  i 'm aware of all that , but since the uup has had a fall from grace , their buddies in the conservative party will no longer have any obligation to keep the people in the north happy . 
  the uk is in a recession , one that will get worse if they chose to leave the eu . 
  in the future when ireland recovers and the uk is n't doing as well , a more secular northern ireland might just chose to join the republic . 
  ultimately , i would prefer that ireland were united . 
  i can see two ways that this can happen . 
  this first is that the nationalists take a majority and at some stage a referendum on unification is put forward and passed . 
  the second and more preferable , although more long term , is that religiosity drops so low that within a few generations the divides start wearing down . 
  then , at some stage , it is seen as preferable to unify with the republic at which point a the unification referendum is passed . 
  it 's for that very reason that i chose to learn french and japanese . 
  if you go to france or japan , hardly anyone will bother or be able to speak english with you . 
  more catholics in brazil 2 . 
  not catholics 3 . 
  italy and spain are catholic countries , greece is not . 
  poland likes catholic countries and norway . 
  lucky , for the contemporary irish , sure . 
  not for the irish who lived under at least one genocide in the 17th century ( that no one knows about ) and arguably a second through the great famine in the 19th century . 
  nah , i 'm not talking about money , i 'm talking about culture . 
  i have no idea how the irish ended up in north-western europe . 
  in a lot of ways we 're southern european and and eastern european . 
  most of them are cheap enough these days , not much more expensive then in any other country . 
  but the really expensive ones are still around the same price as 14 years ago . 
  japan only resumed inflation about 2 years ago , after a 15 year hiatus . 
  couple that with the devaluation of the yen around the same time inflation started and you get the same prices as 15 years ago . 
  fighting . 
  ireland is also living up to our stereotype . 
  thank you . 
  if there 's a brexit , the number of applications for irish passports from the irish diaspora in the uk is going to sky rocket . 
  i prefer the symbolism of our current flag . 
  briefed , that flag is the provincial flag of leinster . 
  leinster , the capital of which is dublin , already gets overly represented in ireland . 
  changing the flag to leinster 's would be tantamount to alienating the other provinces . 
  i 'm actually not a teacher , well not an irish teacher . 
  i just think that the syllabus is fine . 
  when people are bad at english it 's either a bad student or a bad teacher , but the syllabus is fine . 
  you 're making an unfair comparison . 
  french classes are more conversational than irish ones in secondary school because that element of irish language learning has already been done in primary school . 
  secondary school irish is more like english classes because the fundamentals have already been taught in primary school . 
  besides , there 's always foundation and ordinary level irish for people who graduated from primary school with poor irish . 
  and on top of that there 's still plenty of conversational irish taught in secondary school . 
  40 % of the whole grade for lc irish is just the oral exam . 
  also , there 's absolutely no learning by rote . 
  the written paper is all creative writing and analysing texts . 
  the oral is a conversation about a random topic and the aural is answering questions about random conversations and notices . 
  and i know lots of people who had the same experience . 
  the difference was that they rejected irish as this useless skill while they fully embraced learning french because they saw it as useful . 
  irish is taught just as well as any other language in any other country . 
  we like to point to scandinavia since their english is so great from just learning it in school . 
  there is , however , two massive differences between the irish learning irish and the scandinavians learning english . 
  they actually really want to learn english and they have access to tons of media in english which means there 's tons of exposure to it outside the classroom . 
  in ireland , there 's a massive resistance from students against learning irish and there 's fuck all exposure to it outside the classroom . 
  when i was in school , anyone i knew who was in the minority of people who were interested in learning irish still speak it pretty well to this day . 
  literally everyone i know from school who today bitches about the way irish is taught were the exact same people who in school complained about how useless it was and never put the slightest effort into it . 
  yet once they grow up they lament about how much better they 'd be if it was taught well .
