  in my opinion democracy is overrated , i think that in the future that they will look upon the politics of this age and comment on our naivety over how we think that democracy is the solution to every problem . 
  they 'll equate it with the pointless and prestigious weltpolitik of the 19th century . 
  yeah , you 're neighbours to the west have always whole-heartedly embraced it . 
  yeah . 
  it 's 3.6 million yen net . 
  that 's about $ 33,000 or in gross terms , around $ 55,000 . 
  it 's not exactly private info , you can get that info on the jet programme website . 
  thanks , that makes absolute sense now . 
  japan , i got a job as an assistant language teacher . 
  it might not sound like much , but the pay is quite good , better than anything i 'd get over here . 
  i 'll tell anyone if they want to know ; i do n't mind talking about money , but i wo n't put it down now because i do n't want to be seen to be boasting . 
  still , it 's very unusual all the same . 
  yeah , but a ba in french and sociology is n't much good there . 
  besides , i slightly equivocated , i probably would have left even if there was no recession , just to get a chance to see the world . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch , just because she 's ukrainian with a serbian father ( i checked wikipedia ) they associate greater yugoslavia with a movie she was in . 
  and that , ladies and gentlemen , is why i 'm leaving for the next few years . 
  for most soon to be college graduates such as myself , it 's either emigrate or join the dole queue . 
  how is iceland associated with wikileaks and yugoslavia with resident evil ? 
  yeah , that 's the one alright . 
  thanks . 
  it 's not unlike the stuff they were saying about the irish and other catholics about 150 years ago in america . 
  yeah , that one . 
  there was a youtube video on it , one that was posted on reddit before , it was a good while ago , well over a year , so it 's well buried at this stage i 'm afraid . 
  they most certainly would n't . 
  btw , i think i might have found out a way to get vic 2 to work . 
  so much for those stupid conservative propaganda videos claiming that the muslim fertility rate was 8 per person . 
  such a load of bollox . 
  not true , the union between scotland and england was voluntary . 
  scotland had a very long lasting alliance with france , but that was abandoned when scotland converted to protestantism as well as england where france killed or kicked out their protestants . 
  as a result , both england and scotland became allies and eventually , the king of scotland , king james vi inherited the english crown and became know as king james i uniting the kingdoms of england and scotland . 
  as far as i know , the occupation of wales was illegal . 
  i welcome here as many times as she wants , but to me , she 's mrs. windsor and i would treat her with respect , not because she 's a queen , but because she 's a human being . 
  [ 1993 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhe8a-d9zb4#t=55s ) or even [ 1994 ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x_9jncgxfy ) . 
  that 's when the eurovision used to be good , at least ireland was . 
  god knows we 're not anymore , jedward can attribute to that much . 
  it was n't always camp . 
  it 's the camp acts that have won in the last ten years . 
  i just miss when good songs used to win the eurovision . 
  everyone does it , the point is that because there are more countries in the east , eastern based countries are more likely to win with help from their neighbours . 
  the point is , we need to get rid of televoting and go back to the old system of having a professionals jury controlling all the votes . 
  since they were located in the eastern part of europe . 
  i thought that was obvious . 
  with the exception of germany and norway , they 're all eastern european countries with lots of countries nearby to vote for them . 
  honest to god , i 'm not watching the eurovision again until the bring back the jury for 100 % of the vote , because getting people to call in is a farce . 
  my country felt that our title of 7 eurovision wins was safe , so we entered [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gfujaf6ibpk ) . 
  but to we deserved to win it when we did with some great songs like : [ the voice ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rj345gyag1k#t=1m30s ) , [ in your eyes ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jhe8a-d9zb4#t=55s ) , and [ the rock and roll kids ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1x_9jncgxfy ) . 
  i 'd like to see them borrow money with a new drachma . 
  the fact is , they 've accepted the bailout , they ca n't back out of it now . 
  too true man , i have much respect for iceland in retrospect . 
  you did what was right , both economically and morally . 
  our politicians were too much under the squeeze of the french and germans to stick up for their people . 
  i 'm still very pro-european , but i abhor the way that the french and more so the germans , like worms in an apple , buried themselves into the core so that it could only suit themselves and no one else . 
  they literally and figuratively spoiled the eu . 
  finland will be lending the money to portugal at a higher rate than what finland had to borrow , but the rate given to portugal will be less than it 's current market rate , so long term finland will be making money off the loan . 
  think of it as borrowing from a bank at a rate of 2 % and then putting that money into a saving account with a rate of 4 % . 
  you 're not losing any many and you 'll actually be drawing pure profit at then end of each year . 
  hold on a sec . 
  coming from ireland i can honestly say that you obviously do n't know why ireland is being bailed out . 
  before this recession ireland had one of the lowest rates of debt in the eu . 
  we were an impoverished country for our entire history until the '90s and borrowed heavily in order to build our economy . 
  just before the crash , we had almost paid it off ... almost . 
  we had something like over 10 consecutive surpluses and we used all that money to pay back our loans . 
  what happened to us is that while the public coffers were being managed very effectively , our banks were running amok lending incredible amounts of money to anyone ( which they borrowed from reckless french and german banks ) . 
  eventually our banking system was on the brink of an iceland-like collapse and so we agreed to guarantee their debts . 
  but that 's when it got ugly . 
  when the guarantee was issued the banks did n't say how much they owed and it turned out to be more than anyone could have ever imagined . 
  from there , the state was losing confidence in the markets and our credit rating took a thrashing . 
  we thought we could hold out with some pretty vast reserves the state had saved away , but then the eu came knocking on our door . 
  they coerced us into a bailout that was a raw deal for us in order to guarantee what they thought was potentially dangerous for the euro . 
  why did they force us into it ? 
  my view is this , the french and german banks were in trouble form lending too much to banks across the eu , including irish banks . 
  they owe a metric shit ton of money . 
  the french and germans were worried about that they 'd have to bail their own banks out . 
  then they saw ireland had bailed out its banks . 
  they figured , if ireland bails out its banks , which will in turn bail out the french and german banks that means france and germany do n't have to pick up the tab at all . 
  instead , they loan money to ireland to essentially pay off their banks and then they make a long time profit on the loan for ireland which was given at a very harsh rate . 
  not only do they get their banks bailed out for them , but they make money on it . 
  meanwhile poor old ireland is ravaged back into poverty . 
  so it had nothing to do with recklessness on our part . 
  the irish people owe no one anything and yet we owe more than we can ever pay . 
  the average irish person who did n't owe a penny , who was never in personal debt suddenly ca n't find a job and has no future prospects in the country they were born and live in , so they are forced to emigrate . 
  a perfect example would be me . 
  i wanted to get a job in ireland after college , but there are n't any , so i 'm emigrating . 
  i leave in july and wo n't step foot in this country for at least another 12 months . 
  tl ; dr : not ireland 's fault ; had little debt before crash ; its banks fucked up , not the national treasury ; irish people paying off german and french banks ' debts for no good reason ; ireland suffers as a result , so i have to emigrate . 
  edit : clarity, 
  well at least the portuguese helped the finns out of charity . 
  the only reason why finland is helping the portuguese or anyone else for that matter is because you 're going to make a profit on the loan , a wide one . 
  your country is only bailing out ireland , portugal and greece is for long term gain for finland , so you have no right to be smug and uppity about it . 
  yeah , jackie-healy ray and his thick son are everyhting that 's wrong with pr-stv . 
  in sntv , there will always be the electoral difficulty for any party to run two candidates for fear that they may split the vote too much and neither will get in . 
  with pr-stv , this pointless risk is eliminated in that you can just run two candidates in the hopes that both will get in , but worse case scenario , the transfers will get at least one candidate through . 
  also , voting in pr-stv , i always like to vote for my favourite candidate , even if they 're a total underdog and give my second preference to my preferred viable candidate . 
  if we had sntv over here , i would be robbed of that luxury and would be forced to vote for one of the viable candidates instead . 
  you may ask me what 's the point in voting for an underdog ? 
  the answer is , under pr-stv , there 's no risk and every once in a while , when enough people do the same thing as i do , the underdog becomes a viable candidate , which would have been impossible under sntv . 
  lastly , pr-stv is the most democratic system , because it combines the advantages of av and sntv ( as in sntv 's multi-seat constituencies which av does not have ) but ultimately , first past the post is a joke and barely worthy of being called democratic . 
  at the same time , i do believe that too much democracy can be a bad thing and pr-stv could be called too democratic . 
  i was basing my opinions from lectures on consociationalism in my degree in french and politics . 
  although we did go into great detail on how consociationalism works in northern ireland , admittedly , we did n't delve too deep into the swiss system , but it was mentioned that it was a consociationalist state .
