listen buddy , i would n't be the one to start a row over who owes what . 
  the status quo is your best bet . 
  because he 's antagonising irish people . 
  the content of the comment is n't the message he wants to get across , it 's that he 's singling out irish people and making fun of us and that 's racist or at the very least , discriminatory . 
  and oddly enough in paris . 
  conards . 
  what 's with the pain au chocolat holdouts in eastern languedoc-roussillon ? 
  that works too . 
  that would never happen but if it did , the best it would do now would be to take the reputation from terrible to very bad . 
  without these laws , we would never have seen the irish-polish love story . 
  poland can into ireland 's affection . 
  belief is going to fall drastically with each passing generation in ireland . 
  most young people who declare themselves religious are only saying so because of the conviction of their parents . 
  it 's often a big deal becoming an atheist in ireland . 
  no one will scold you for but you parents and a lot of relatives if their generation or older will be visibly disappointed and for most people they 're happy living an irreligious life with the fa\u00e7ade of being religious to keep the older relatives happy . 
  but as that older generation dies out and are replaced by the catholics of habit ( as opposed to their catholics of conviction forbearers ) their kids will see no need to pretend anymore . 
  another element is also catalysing this . 
  the churches handling of the child abuse scandal . 
  it has left a mortal wound on the reputation of the church in the country . 
  calvary is a great movie for exploring ireland 's relation with the church since the scandal . 
  well power is just the anglicised version of the name . 
  they would have gone by de paor ( pware ) . 
  you might think you 're funny , but do n't think that the guise of trolling makes you any less of a racist . 
  i 'm not saying that applies to all americans , just american culture . 
  i 'll even edit my comment to make that clearer . 
  i think that it stems from a superiority complex in american culture . 
  you 'll never see any controversy over americans making fun of canadians and brits because they 're a part of their neat little club . 
  it 's only when making fun of america 's other neighbours that it becomes an issue . 
  americans and canadians will joke with each other all day but it 's a different story when the context becomes americans making fun of mexicans . 
  the difference between european culture and american culture in this regard is that most europeans think of any other european country as an equal and so the jokes and making fun for us , does n't have the possibility of have a sinister tone about it . 
  that does n't work well with the american narrative on pc issues . 
  they have to see europe as fitting their dichotomy of the rich and poor , the well off and not so well off and shame on you if you 're one of the rich ones making fun of one of the poor ones . 
  i think they mean well but , of course , it 's a very patronising point of view . 
  that 's why when i meet someone who 's very sensitive towards pc issues , i start to see them as someone who 's very conspicuously trying to hide their prejudices . 
  ah , i was only there once for a weekend . 
  most people are suprised to hear that because when people think of japan they think of tokyo . 
  i lived in kansai , kobe , and i loved it . 
  i really think that japan is underselling one of it 's greatest regions . 
  it 's a pity that most foreigners do n't know how rich in historical buildings kyoto is , how charming kobe is and how fun osaka is . 
  maybe , but i did n't meet any indonesians when i was there . 
  i met a few koreans , chinese , american-asians , even vietnamese but no indonesians . 
  what , how do japanese people think that . 
  i lived there for three years and i saw about 4 people that looked like they could be muslims , not 4 % of people . 
  i think if you look at the beginning of the chart ( from the left ) you can see that a plurality of the poorest people are africans , then asian-pacific , then indian , then european , then north american and then latin american . 
  if you then look at the right , a plurality of the richest people are european , then north american , then asian-pacific , then chinese , then latin american and then the india and africa are so close i ca n't tell . 
  then the rest is how they fare in between . 
  it does n't work like that anymore . 
  that 's kind of the loophole that sweden is operating under and it has been made clear that no countries , other than sweden , can operate under such loop holes again . 
  right now the major eurozone powers do n't want poland in the eu because they have enough on their plate . 
  once they want it to join , a lot of pressure will come on the polish government . 
  you can only opt out from treaties that you 've already signed . 
  there 's no precedence for that . 
  the uk and denmark were members of the eu during the time the maastricht treaty was being negotiated , that 's how they got opt-outs . 
  poland knew that it had to adopt the euro when it signed up to join the eu . 
  there 's no backing out now , unless poland leaves the eu . 
  it has to happen . 
  the maastricht treaty states that all signatories are obliged to join the euro at some stage . 
  denmark and the uk , however , got opt-outs for this . 
  any country that joined the eu after the maastricht treat ( [ except for sweden ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/enlargement_of_the_eurozone#sweden ) ) is fully bound to that treaty . 
  that means that poland ** has ** to join eventually although their probably won ' y be any pressure to do so as long as the euro-crisis looms . 
  basically , they ca n't have their cake and eat it . 
  i heard that those carriers have been cut and that they 'll continue to be built because of some sort of contract deal with the company that 's making them but that they 'll either never be stocked or that they 'll stay in dry dock . 
  i 'm not recalling it well but i heard it from someone who 's in the irish army who 's usually well informed on these things . 
  absolutely . 
  they pushed it too far and now the government has to host a referendum that they do n't want . 
  also , even if they vote has them staying in the eu , they wo n't be able to pull that shtick for a long , long while again . 
  ha , you 'd be surprised how often people still link to it . 
  i see , every now and then , people linking to reports by max keiser who is always invariably talking about how the financial ruin is imminent in the west . 
  i did n't know any vojvodinians were separatists . 
  it was , in my experience , the nicest part of serbia . 
  i loved novi sad . 
  years of state implemented oppression killing millions of people \u2260 rogues not representing the state killing dozens of people . 
  then just unsubscribe . 
  the worst part of any subreddit is people complaining about it . 
  maybe just a little bit . 
  it 's completely irrational . 
  that 's all i 'll say . 
  fuck that , i do n't recognise it today . 
  it sucks that serbia 's admission into the eu is basically on the condition that it recognise kosovo . 
  drawing new borders was too hard , erasing them was easy . 
  hello united ireland . 
  no , this map is better . 
  the one you linked to caused poor maps such as [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nkyxhap.jpg ) . 
  with the map i linked to , the maps will look like [ this one ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zecgntt.png ) . 
  op got it wrong . 
  no love for the nordies ? 
  [ i might have redrawn some borders . 
  my current passport does n't have my country 's flag on it , why should these ones ? 
  it 's not for the rich . 
  the higher rate of tax in ireland starts at $ 34,000 . 
  that 's half as low as it is in the uk and a tenth of the us one . 
  reducing the higher rate of tax helps out the middle class . 
  the netherlands is barely in the background . 
  ireland is in the foreground . 
  ` an bronntanas ' ( on brun-tun-ass ) means ` the gift ' . 
  [ irish news ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m8bcy3htgge ) . 
  i doubt that most people who responded to this poll saying that they had more than two languages where fluent in more than one . 
  that 's a major difference between some countries . 
  i know people who can hold a low level conversation in irish but claim to only know english . 
  meanwhile i 've met a few people who claim to speak multiple languages while only having a vague understanding of their non native languages .
