  it 's also too flat . 
  the irish countryside looks more like [ this ] ( http://www.pdphoto.org/jons/ireland2/ireland_118_bg_061702.jpg ) at its flattest . 
  simply put , it 's very `` in '' to hate on enda . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not a fan but he does n't deserve a fraction of the abuse he gets . 
  meanwhile , former taoisigh ( prime ministers ; namely brian cowen and bertie ahern ) who bankrupt the country and failed miserably in handling the recovery never got abuse on the level that kenny does . 
  spain and portugal are in the iberian peninsula , not the spanish peninsula . 
  sweden , norway and denmark are in scandinavia , not greater sweden . 
  we do we have to be called british when we 're not . 
  no and it probably wo n't . 
  it 's remembered in ireland but we 're not bitter with the brits about it since it was so long ago . 
  personally i think it is a genocide , but there 's really no political motivation to get it recognised as such since relations between ireland and the uk are good . 
  it 's often the result of frosty diplomatic relations when historical events that get classified as genocides decades after the fact . 
  the map is seriously flawed without information from countries with large net gains like france and large net losses like bulgaria and romania . 
   also , in ireland you 're a bit of a weirdo if you cycle to work . 
  i 'll openly admit that here in ireland we have n't fully culturally accepted cycling as a legitimate form of transportation . 
  the best evidence of this is how most motorists in ireland harbour openly hostile opinions about cyclists . 
  it does n't help that quitea lot of cyclists are extremely reckless . 
  but it 's not considered weird to cycle to work . 
  it 's actually becoming more and more common . 
  at my place of work there 's a bike stand that 's almost always full of bikes . 
  [ difference between bbc and rt\u00c9 news front page on assembly election result day . 
  agreed , that 's a way better gif . 
  [ feels good . 
  whichever outcome happens i hope it does n't perpetuate the splitting of ireland . 
  we 've had enough of partition these past 96 years . 
  that 's fine . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned , if you 're against a two tier system then you should be all in or get out all together . 
  if you do n't like eu integration and the two tier system then you should just leave . 
  it 's not fair to block others from pursuing integration just because you do n't like it . 
  it 's looking less and less likely , but a lot could happen in 2 months . 
  i see macron holding if not expanding his lead . 
  people are going to be reminded daily that le pen and fillon are being investigated and that 'll likely keep them from gaining any support . 
  something could come out about macron , but i think if the r\u00e9publicans or front national had anything on him they 'd have used it by now . 
  agreed . 
  he 's the safest because he wo n't alienate republican or socialist voters . 
  if fillon gets in a lot of left wing people might abstain . 
  if hamon gets in a lot of fillon voters might abstain . 
  but i reckon both sides would vote for macron to keep le pen out . 
  exactly . 
  the whole problem with the euro and schengen was ambition without the necessary powers to fix any flaws . 
  numbers 2 and 4 are the embodiment of this flaw and i think that they 'll likely lead to the end of the eu after years of being plagued by crisis after crisis . 
  when i lived in france i only ever had the experience that the comic shows with italians . 
  the french are far more likely to hold you to a higher standard , so they 'll correct mistakes you make but that 's a much better environment to learn in . 
  i do n't think that 's right . 
  from what i 'm hearing he 's a proper centrist if not centre-left and the labour party in the uk and the democrat party in the us are right of centre , slightly leaning more towards the centre . 
  you have to remember that you have to say what the brits and americans say they are and move them a bit further to the right . 
  someone from the us or uk who says they 're a centrist is going to be considered right-wing in western europe ( including ireland where even fine gael , the right wing party , are about as far right as the uk labour party and to the left of the us democrats ) . 
  the labour party and democrats are only leftist in the sense that they 're to the left of the other major party . 
  i do n't think that will do any harm . 
  i reckon only serious accusations with actual evidence will make a difference . 
  fillon is hurting because he actually did something wrong and people know it . 
  unless you can back something up with decent evidence , then people will probably just assume that it 's fake . 
  that 's why no one took it seriously when he was accused of being gay . 
  does n't matter . 
  even accounting for that she 's still likely to win . 
  the tories , brexit and trump all won because the difference between who won and lost was within the margin of error . 
  that is far from the case in japan . 
  i would n't even put in florida and north carolina . 
  most pollsters guessed that it was too close to call for those two and gave hillary only a slight chance of winning . 
  it was really just pennsylvania , wisconsin and michigan . 
  here 's hoping this will keep ticking over through the election so people do n't `` forget '' about it . 
  well hillary did win the popular vote in the end . 
  yeah , that 's just illogical . 
  seems a bit out of date for ireland . 
  we 'd be much closer to the us or even canada nowadays . 
  and there are a lot of french words that come from celtic gaulish that share cognates with irish . 
  the thing is that french was last influenced by gaulish over 2 centuries ago so they 've become archaic now . 
  for example , the french word luire means glimmer . 
  reluire means to shine . 
  the prefix re for this word derives from the old gaulish prefix ro which is a cognate of the irish word r\u00f3 which means very . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_french#roman_gaul_.28gallia.29 ), 
  galician and portuguese used to be the same langauge until recently and some argue that they are just dialects of each other . 
  i think this was the oblique picture for junior cert geography . 
  the difference is that in a relublic there is no `` presidential family '' , only the president and sometimes their spouse is given any preferential treatment . 
  in monarchies the whole family occupies a privileged position . 
  also , in a republic you can vote out a corrupt politician . 
  even if they manage to get back in you can rest assured that term limits will cast them out . 
  i used to live there , but not in the nice part . 
  got jumped more than once . 
  a thanks for defending `` catholic belgium '' in wwii . 
  my dad worked in sarajevo during the yugoslav wars as a peacekeeper . 
  he said when he got home that all of the former yugoslav peoples were lovely and it was such a pity that they could n't get along . 
  his one exception was the croats . 
  he said without fail every croat he met had a victim complex . 
  i used to always call him an old biggot for it but sure enough every croat i 've met has lived up to this stereotype . 
  even my wife has found the same to be true . 
  her croation co-worker who was an incompetent bully sent an email to the bosses complaining about everyone ganging up on her when other staff members asked her to do her job . 
  op is another conformer to the sterotype . 
  i completely disagree . 
  southern ireland is munster . 
  it 's the republic of ireland if you want a descriptor . 
  a lot of people said the same of croatia before it 's ascension . 
  ah , i see , they used the present tense conjugation of the verb instead of the noun . 
  where 's the typo ? 
  it makes her more likely to win first place in the first round , yes , but in the second round , regardless of who she goes against she 's likely to lose . 
  the top two candidates will probably get about 45 % of the overall vote for round 1 . 
  at this stage it 's looking like le pen first and macron second ( 25 % and 20 % respectively ) . 
  assuming turnout is consistent across both votes , that leaves 55 % to be divvied out to the remaining candidates . 
  most polls indicate that le pen will only get about 10 % of that and the other candidate will get the remaining 45 % which is more than enough to get them into office .
