  unless you 're talking about the southern province of ireland , munster , there is no such thing as southern ireland . 
  it 's just ireland . 
  if you want to differentiate it from the north , then you can use the republic of ireland . 
  and no , the economies are not that intertwined . 
  the only significant economic link between the two is that the uk is ireland 's second largest trading partner , the us being the first . 
  on a structural level , as member of the eu and the eurozone , the irish economy is far more intertwined with the rest of europe than with the uk . 
  yeah , it really does sound so beautiful , then again , so do all the romance languages . 
  for that same reason ireland 's largest european trade partner is belgium . 
  just wait for the brits to leave then we have a new treaty whose whole contents remove the british opt-outs !, 
  stealing ? 
  last time i checked sovereign nations can set their own tax rates . 
  besides , low tax is a fraction of the reason why our economy has grown . 
  growth is fueled by our strong exporting capacity . 
  the low corporate taxes are just one reason why we attract foreign investment . 
  it 's also because we 're english speaking , highly educated , we use the euro and we 're one of the best counties in the world to do business in ( 4th in the world ) . 
  and how did ireland 's 2017 gdp growth rate benefit from a tax loophole that ended in 2015 ? 
  that 's why the eu was always doing its best work when the franco-german alliance was in full swing . 
  germany is too timid to lead but it has the economic credentials . 
  france has poorer economic credentials but it 's not afraid to shy away from taking a leading role . 
  the two together overcome the other 's flaws . 
  absolutely . 
  they know nothing about the history of the countries they invaded either before or since colonisation . 
  most brits fool themselves that their influence had a net positive impact on the countries they ruled over . 
  that way they never have to acknowledge or come to terms with all the bad . 
  my guess is roughly proportionately to gdp but it really depends on how much apple products were sold in a given country . 
  yeah same . 
  we definitely should n't raise our corporate tax rate beyond 12.5 % but we should make sure there are no loopholes at the same time . 
  we 're only entitled to a fraction of it . 
  every eu country has a right to claim their share of it since that $ 10b is back taxes for operations in all of the eu . 
  no country has the right to criticise ireland for refusing the $ 10b while it has n't claimed its own share . 
  stealing speeches and links to authoritarians will make that harder still for her . 
  that does n't matter . 
  to win she needs to win over more moderate voters . 
  nobody listen to this jack\u00edn . 
  i needed subtitles . 
  he mumbled the whole way through and spoke way too quickly . 
  the shitty mic did n't help either . 
  yeah , he got a bump after winning the first round and now it 's returning to the pre first round result polling levels . 
  there 's a very clear north-south divide in most of those maps . 
  this is one of the worst straw man arguments i 've ever come across . 
  instead of actually responding to my comment by defining what populism is you deflect the argument completely by inventing statements that i never made . 
  for one , i would never say that populism is exclusive to the right . 
  in ireland , in fact , the most populist parties are fianna f\u00e1il ( a centrist party ) and sinn f\u00e9in ( a leftist party ) . 
  m\u00e9lenchon was a hard left populist . 
  syriza are a left wing populist party . 
  all politicians by their nature are populist in some areas . 
  the difference between most politicians and ones like trump and le pen is that the latter two are all populism and no substance . 
  you called sanctions populist . 
  they are n't . 
  most people do n't care about sanctions . 
  it 's not highly popular policy that macron espouses because he thinks it 'll win him votes . 
  it 's just a policy that a ardently pro-eu candidate would take . 
  i do n't think you know what the word populist means . 
  you 're forgetting that northern ireland costs so much because it 's economically non-viable . 
  it 's no coincidence that the poorest part of the uk is ni and the poorest part of roi is the border region . 
  that 's because these are economically dependent areas that are separated by a border and a different currency . 
  in the event of unification , many economic strangleholds on these regions would be removed . 
  this would allow them to grow , become more economically efficient and that would before long reduce these regions dependencies on money from the central government . 
  i think this and le pen 's shift on the euro is a pretty good sign . 
  populists will always follow policies as the wind changes . 
  they 're like how some animals can sense earthquakes before they happen . 
  what i 'm getting at is that if the populists are trying to appear more pro-europe it suggests that there 's a rise in pro-european sentiment . 
  finally . 
  we 're currently one of the only european countries whose biggest airport is n't connected to a train or tram line . 
  actually , that 's something we might see . 
  there were plans to start this by finally sorting out the banking union and the euro . 
  under hollande , there was n't a very competitive relationship with germany and without that reform can not happen . 
  macron , on the other hand , has already stated that he 's prepared to meet germany half way and the german cabinet is actually very excited about what a macron presidency could mean for eu reform . 
  i have to say i 'm excited too . 
  i think we 're starting to finally see an appetite for real reform in the eu for the first time since the euro crisis . 
  if schultz wins in germany it 'll really seal the deal but i reckon merkel get the job done too . 
  the left is the government 's budget . 
  the balance of payments is something different . 
  it 's the balance between imports and exports . 
  i find it astounding that people who are so susceptible to the empty promises of populist politicians actually think that they 're somehow enlightened to the way the world really is . 
  there is an anaemic amount of critical thinking going on in the alt-right community . 
  that video is brilliant . 
  yeah , but you have n't done it for over 600 years . 
  you gave it a good go in the glynd\u0175r rising , but [ since then there has n't really been any effort ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_anglo-welsh_wars ) . 
  ireland , on the other hand , [ had constant rebellions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_irish_uprisings ) from the time of it 's outright loss to the english in the 16th century right up until the troubles that ended less than 20 years ago . 
  and then there was the political movements . 
  ireland fought in westminster for almost a century to achieve home rule and rebelled outright when it was refused . 
  what did wales do ? 
  in [ 1979 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_devolution_referendum,_1979 ) the welsh were offered their own parliament and in a referendum , 80 % of the people voted against it !, 
  you passed it in [ 1997 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/welsh_devolution_referendum,_1997 ) , but it passed by 0.3 % only . 
  you had to be asked twice to be given more freedom and only barely said yes . 
  like i said in my original comment , the irish do n't take the idea of wales any more seriously than the welsh and this is a huge reason why . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'd love to see a more vocal welsh voice in the world and even an independent wales ( the uk only works for the english ) but that 's just not at all what i see in wales today . 
  ireland does n't really take wales seriously because outside of rugby , wales does n't seem to take itself seriously . 
  in our eyes as a result of being well and truly pacified by the english , you always seem to toe the line . 
  have a rebellion here or there or even an independence referendum and then we 'll talk . 
  in the vein of gan craic / minus craic you also have a craic vacuum . 
  in a group with a broad mix of nationalities , if there are italians i always end up being good friends with them . 
  if they had a single instsnt runoff with a transferable vote macron would easily win . 
  it 's a voting system which favours people who are well liked among the electorate , but not necessarily enough to get many 1st preference votes . 
  the advantage of it is that the least disliked candidate wins which imo is better than a person who has a majority but who is hated by the entire minority . 
  every episode of world at war should be mandatory viewing for all europeans . 
  it does n't glorify wwii like we do today . 
  it tells it like it was ; a pointless and miserable conflict that should never again be repeated . 
  while he did dip in the polls to about 22 % , his polling figures are recovering .
