  the irish language was incredibly unlucky because it just so happened to be displaced by what became the single most important language in the world . 
  it just ca n't compete with that . 
  maybe if we were taken over by norway instead of the english there 'd be a bigger push to speak irish instead of norwegian but english is just too strong . 
  throwing more money at gaelscoileanna wo n't work . 
  the diminishing point of returns is incredibly low because there 's a lack of teachers suitably qualified to teach in the gaelscoileanna . 
  the pool of teachers who are fluent in irish is n't enough for the few gaelscoileanna we have at the moment , never mind expansion . 
  money could be put into training teachers in the language and handsome bonuses for gaelscoil teachers to incentivise it but that would take years to come to fruition . 
  at least a decade if not more . 
  personally i think the latter the better it is for the scottish nationalists . 
  if they hold it before brexit the no side can play the project fear card for any yes people who talk about the horrors of staying in the uk post-brexit . 
  but in 2020 it 'll hard to play that card since it 's likely the people of scotland will have already felt the negative effects of brexit . 
  at that stage project fear will have come true at which point it 's much harder to deny . 
  do n't worry , [ it 's coming . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21718497-obrs-outlook-appears-be-rosier-consensus-independent-economists-british ), 
  do n't go congratulating yourself so soon . 
  [ it will not last ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21718497-obrs-outlook-appears-be-rosier-consensus-independent-economists-british ) and your government knows it . 
  well , maybe not theresa may ; she might actually [ believe her own bullshit . 
  ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2017/mar/14/theresa-may-brexit-talks-prime-minister-diplomacy-eu ), 
  i always thought it so bizarre that practically the whole world celebrates this tiny little island 's national holiday even though we have a lower population than south carolina . 
  even america is the only country that celebrates on the 4th of july . 
  it really does inflate our national ego . 
  not true . 
  the republic is close to 5 million and it was 8 million in 1840 for the whole country and between 6 and 7 million for what is now the republic so it 's closer to about 70 % of what it was during that time , not 50 % . 
  and our contribution ossilates in lebanon . 
  for half the year we man 2/3 of a barracks with the finns taking the rest . 
  on the other half of the year the finns take 2/3 and we take the rest . 
  i ca n't be sure but this figure looks like the lower end of what we usually contribute . 
  from what i 've heard it 's the opposite in the netherlands since pvv tend to do worse than what the polls predict . 
  apparently it 's because people say they 're going to vote for pvv in polls to send a message but then vote for someone else at the ballot . 
  which i understand means that they are middle of the line when it comes to the eu but that 's horseshit . 
  the only time they ever diverged from acting like a eurosceptic party was when they campaigned for remain at the brexit referendum . 
  imo the only reason why they take a eurosceptic stance is because on any eu related issue they 'll automatically become the largest opposition party since they 're the largest eurosceptic party . 
  they 're only trying to use the term eurocritical because they know if they seem too overtly eurosceptic people will go off then since the country is so overwhelmingly pro eu . 
  sinn f\u00e9in are eurosceptic but claim not to be . 
  they 've been against every treaty change referendum and consistently vote down as much as they can in the european parliament . 
  i 'd never vote for them but i 'd much rather see them in power than fianna fail . 
  i would n't mind them in power at all if they were n't so eurosceptic . 
  both you and the article are misleading . 
  this was not a bailout . 
  it was a loan and it has an interest rate that is favourable to the uk ( [ we 're paying more interest than greece ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/ireland-pays-higher-rate-of-interest-than-greece-on-bailout-308152.html ) ) and the uk will likely see a handsome return on its investment since [ ireland is now in a good position to pay it back . 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/url?sa=t&amp;source=web&amp;rct=j&amp;url=/amp/www.rte.ie/amp/849946/&amp;ved=0ahukewja4zhjsndsahulkcakhzxmch8qfggamaa&amp;usg=afqjcnfhpdim1eyc3lrlsewuls4van8-6q&amp;sig2=-gnwlwjbmu4o7qb_ajb6pw ) it was no more a bailout than a mortgage is a donation from the bank . 
  it 's so favourable to the uk that [ ireland is paying millions of pounds a year ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/ireland-interest-repayment-to-britain-1120288-oct2013/ ) to the uk just to cover interest . 
  you 've already made back a significant portion of your investment and we still owe the entire sum of around # 3b with a lot more interest to come . 
  but as a member of the eea there would be only minor changes to full membership . 
  at least as full members you 'll get some say on the budget you already contribute to and the rules you 're already obligated to obey . 
  surely those massice benefits outweigh the negatives of joining the eu ? 
  and the financial sector will struggle without passporting rights and access to the single market . 
  i think the problem is that yer man is taking these roman sources at face value when modern understanding of the irish climate is of course more accurate than guesses made by some romans 2,000 years ago . 
  anyway , great work here , g ` man . 
  my bad . 
  i thought i read somewhere that they were from the same party . 
  i think it 'll work but the dutch model ( consensus building ) is a better alternative to the german model ( strict majoritarianism ) , at least in the beginning . 
  while i do think the eu needs to get used to a more majoritarian culture ( unanimity is just too slow ) , it 'd be better to ease into it over time , lest the smaller , slow speed nations feel pushed around . 
  but is n't tusk in the same party as the polish pm ? 
  well there 's zero chance of getting their opt-outs again . 
  when you join the eu you must agree to all prior treaties with no opt outs . 
  that 's the rule . 
  that 's why every country except for denmark ( and the uk while it 's still a memer ) is obligated to join the euro . 
  countries like sweden , poland and czechia are resisting but the eurozone is frankly busy sorting out it 's problems to put the pressure on these countries to join . 
  assuming all the necessary measures are taken to fix the euro are taken ( finalised banking union , perhaps eurobonds and although unlikely fiscal and transfer union ) in a decade from now you might see that pressure from the eurozone on the remaining countries to live up to their obligations and join the euro . 
  yeah , if she had just strolled in casually , picked up the kids and left it would n't have been an issue at all . 
  is n't he belgian ? 
  the federal states of germany and the subregions of spain . 
  catalonia is sometimes called the most autonomous region in the europe that 's not independent . 
  the cantons of switzerland might also have more autonomy . 
  maybe you 're forgetting that scotland and wales have only had regional autonomy for a very short amount of time . 
  their parliaments only date back to 1999 . 
  back in 1979 the scots barely voted to create an parliament but it was repealed because support for it was less than 40 % of the total electorate . 
  at the same time in wales , on the other hand , the welsh voted no to the prospect of a welsh assembly by 80 % to 20 % . 
  they only voted yes in 1997 by an incredibly tight margin of 50.3 % to 49.7 % . 
  as for right now , there 's a good chance that northern ireland 's assembly being disovled in the next three weeks . 
  i 've always thought that this was a load of crap . 
  a country is an independent nation state . 
  the uk just confuses this simple term by claiming to have countries within it 's borders when there are regions in europe with more autonomy than these `` countries '' . 
  that still wo n't work . 
  all the no side have to do is remind the scots that they trade more with the rest of the uk than with all of the eu . 
  the bookies create odds to reflect the highest possible earnings for themselves which is not necessarily the same as the real probability of the even occurring . 
  i do n't think that 's the point . 
  sure nobody would care if he 's gay . 
  what they want to make him look like is dishonest and ashamed of being gay . 
  lol , it 's not a case of ireland giving the money to other countries . 
  there 's nothing stopping them from claiming it right now . 
  ireland 's corporate tax rate is n't that low , it 's 12.5 % . 
  granted the double irish loopole allowed for obscenely low tax to be paid but that loophole was closed a few years ago . 
  as for the $ 12b , ireland would only be entitled to a fraction of that money and the rest would have to be claimed by other eu countries . 
  lastly a centralised core of half a dozen core countries goes against the whole point of the eu . 
  it 's like the european equivalent of `` little england '' . 
  it 's not geography . 
  poland has a massive border with the main core country . 
  ireland is over 1,000 km from the nearest core country and we 're more integrated than poland is . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  if the east wo n't accept further integration then the alternative is a slow speed for all of europe . 
  being a federalist i 'd rather a federal western europe than our current situation over all of europe . 
  i 'd of course love the east to be a part of it but they 're not into it we ca n't force them . 
  a common tax rate is only in the interest of the core states though . 
  if you do n't allow periphery states to counterbalance their remoteness and lower population with policies such as lower corporate tax then all that business just drifts into the blue bananna . 
  the eu ca n't integrate if it means it 's going to become more centralised because there just wo n't be anything in it for the peripheral states . 
  the only way it could work is if you set up a transfer union but that wo n't happen either and who wants an eu with a rich core and dependent periphery anyway ? 
  that just is n't sustainable . 
  ireland would glady be a part of the high speed europe if it can do so while maintaining its current economic model .
