  just looking at some polls , it seems likely that canada and especially australia will look to ditch the monarchy at some stage , but sure enough , polls in new zealand show steadfast support for the overlords . 
  in your defence , tar is one of the 11 irregular verbs . 
  well for those who do n't know it 's a play on the ira mantra `` tiocfaidh \u00e1r l\u00e1 '' popularised by bobby sands and meaning our day will come . 
  i just changed it to the past tense `` our day has come ? 
  the public transport is n't bad . 
  the only problem is that outside of the city centre , the north and south and very interconnected . 
  they 're not that far , but getting from citywest to lucan , for example , [ takes ages ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/dir/lucan,+co.+dublin/citywest,+dublin/@53.3167144,-6.4402953,12z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m17!4m16!1m5!1m1!1s0x48677369938c80c3:0xa00c7a99731aae0!2m2!1d-6.4498488!2d53.3572085!1m5!1m1!1s0x486774f44a88bb45:0x2600c7a7bab4e581!2m2!1d-6.4148524!2d53.2770976!2m2!7e2!8j1467271500!3e3 ) . 
  that previous level of co-operation was very much a result of the very pro-eu blair-gordon government which are the exception which proves the rule when it comes to uk-eu relations . 
  every labour government beforehand was a eurosceptic one and even if the labour party were still as europhilic today as then , the prospects of them getting into government any time soon remain slim . 
  even if they did manage to get into government , corbyn is more reminiscent of the older labour 's relationship with the eu . 
  they 're not going to leave . 
  if greece was going to leave , it would have happened last year at the peak of eu-greek tensions . 
  as for the rest of them , portugal and spain 's gdp growth rate has improved a lot in the past two years so they 'll likely stay in . 
  italy is n't doing as well but still growing and with the fallout and likely harsh terms of the brexit , even they will likely be dissuaded from leaving . 
  as for ireland , which used to sometimes be the i in pigs or the second i in piigs , it has the highest gdp growth rate in europe , so we 're in no rush to leave . 
  51 % is much higher than most national government approval ratings . 
  this is actually pretty funny . 
  nick clegg was wrong to say it was never going to happen , some sort union on military and security affairs has always been a possibility even if unlikely before the brexit . 
  farage was also , however , completely overstating what such a union would look like . 
  this article is also overstating it massively and anyone talking about the ushering of a police/military state should be donned with a tin foil hat and taken with a pinch of salt . 
  it would not be a case of europe 's armies losing their national affiliation and coming under the command of a central eu hq . 
  i ca n't offer an idea of what a military union would look like as i have n't read up on that , but now that i mention it , that does sound very interesting , so i 'm going to go digging for academic and newspaper articles on the topic and i 'll get back to you when i have a clearer picture . 
  this is long overdue . 
  the eu has been incredibly inefficient in dealing with conflict near its borders . 
  the yugoslav wars is a perfect example of this . 
  there was literally genocide taking place in europe and even though the 12 state eu had more soldiers than the us , it was plagued with inaction and relied on the americans coming over to solve the problem for itself . 
  if the eu is going to take itself seriously as a world player , it needs to stop relying on the us for security . 
  i feel like this is a really big movement and even surprising coming from merkel given he reputation for caution . 
  but even she knows that the uk has to be shafted in order to stop exit contagion . 
  i 'm pretty sure , since any change to the constitution requires a referendum . 
  every referendum that was held was in order to change the constitution and each time one of these referendums passed they changed the constitution and each time they failed they did not change the constitution ( at least until another referendum did pass as was the case in the divorce , nice and lisbon referendums ) . 
  i know you were probably looking for something a little more exotic than ireland , but you should really consider it . 
   1 : nationalism is insignificant . 
  we have nationalism but really it 's something different from what other europeans describe as nationalism . 
  it 's distracted with uniting the country and is n't really mobilised against foreigners  2 : the young are politically active . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find somewhere like this in europe , but in ireland , i 'd say it 's as good as you can reasonably expect  3 : education is seen as paramount to a nation 's success . 
  absolutely the case . 
  the educated populace of ireland is the cornerstone of the economy . 
   4 : people are liberal and accepting of each other . 
  again , it 's find to hard somewhere completely like this . 
  there are a vocal but very small minority of usually very poor people who complain about foreigners but on the streets as opposed to in the papers . 
  we 're certainly very used to having a diverse population with almost 20 % of people from outside ireland , but most foreigners feel at home here , including my wife . 
   5 : people do n't beat each up over over football results . 
  the reddit circlejerk about the behaviour of irish fans in france should answer that question . 
   6 : people do n't blame foreigners for all their shortcomings . 
  in ireland , we love nothing more than to blame ourselves and our shitty politicians for our shortcomings . 
   7 : science and engineering is seen as a great thing . 
  we are more culturally inclined towards the arts but our industry is certainly more geared towards science and engineering . 
  we have a massive tech hub in dublin ( eu hq of some of the biggest tech companies such as google ) , so getting a good job with your experience should n't be a problem at all . 
  not to mention the farmers would vote in droves to save their cap money . 
  and yet he has n't invoked article 50 which was the point of the referendum . 
  we 'll see when his successor is appointed . 
  i do n't think it 's likely that they 'll end up ignoring it in the end , but they 've been ignoring the referendum since friday . 
  if it was a legally binding referendum , it wouldn have been invoked on friday morning . 
  and although i do acknowledge that entries describing the newer hyperbolic understanding of the word literally have made their way into dictionaries , i still chose to reject them . 
  it creates far too much uncertainty and confusion when used that way . 
  it also undermines the value of the word literally when it 's being used in earnest thus impeding communication ; the intended purpose of words . 
  well based on the current actions of your politicions , it looks like the government is n't ruling out ignoring the will of the people . 
  pro-tip from a country that is used to referendums , if you want them to be respected you need to make them binding from the outset . 
  every irish referendum was legally binding . 
  the brexit referendum was not . 
  this an absolute cop out . 
  it 's your duty as citizens of a democracy to inform yourself . 
  in this day and age , it just takes about 30 minutes reading through some wikipedia pages and newspaper articles to familiarise yourself enough with the eu to know which way to vote . 
  android spellchecker is shite and i ca n't type for shit on smartphones . 
  the problem is that germany has been using the eu as a tool to further its interests . 
  austerity in greece , ireland , portugal etc. 
  ; blocking eurobonds , a fiscal union as well as a proper banking union ; deciding to almost unilaterally open the floodgates for migrants . 
  these are all policies that solely suited germany and yet which became eu policy all the same . 
  say what you want about france , they 're still the only major player in the camp of the eu which sees the eu in the bigger picture ( along with belgium and luxembourg ) and not just a means to furthering the national interest . 
  nope , they still just figursteively shot themselves in the foot . 
  farage or bojo are n't in a&e right now . 
  it 's best for all of us in the eu of these three nations have a unified approach from the outset . 
  it 'll put more pressure on the uk . 
  it 's only informal and once the formal meetings kick off , the remaining 24 will be at the table . 
  this is purely speculation , but i think this triumvirate is just an infornal meeting ahead of formal eu wide meetings . 
  i 'd say the goal was to ensure that from the beginning of the talks that the three largest eu states were going to have a unified voice thus giving the eu a stronger bargaining position . 
  the british probably would have liked to play divide and conquer and try to gain sympathy from one of them ( likely germany ) but instead they 'll be much harder to crack . 
  they 'll have no choice in it . 
  any country that joins the eu since schengen was introcuced has to agree to impliment it . 
  same as the euro . 
  and yet there are submarines in the world 's oceans right now , each housing nuclear weapons with more destructive power than all the munitions dropped in both word wars , including the two atomic bombs . 
  meanwhile , a certain english speaking , euro using country with deep connections with the us and a low corporate tax is still solidly inside the eu . 
  it 'll be all too easy to forsake their economic connections with the uk when an even more suitable alternative is right there . 
  a classic example of what happens when populists actually get in power . 
  do n't worry , we can be gmt pigs bros. 
  my bad . 
  true , but it 's not the language of business or the lingua franca . 
  only ireland can claim that . 
  besides , ireland has a much closer relationship with the us , not to mention being closer in geographic terms . 
  except it 's a occupied niche and a very small one at that . 
  besides , there 's stability in ireland . 
  we have a high growth rate and proved we can recover from a terrible shock . 
  scotland will be completely untested and business likes nothing worse than uncertainty . 
  it took ireland decades to cultivate it 's current economic model , scotland would take just as long . 
  even if she got in and helf an election , france would stay . 
  the french have always been more invested in the eu . 
  besides , the uk , a country with approval ratings of the eu approaching single digits , managed to make it a close call . 
  even if euroskepticism has been on the rise , it wo n't be difficult to get enough euroskeptics to vote remain , given the economic issues spelled out by the british exit . 
  the eu already has unfettered access to whiskey .
