  i did my masters in diplomacy studies on the soft power benefits of anime and manga for japan . 
  there is n't much , but that does n't stop the japanese government from pumping money into `` cool japan '' , thinking that they 'll get a return on their investment on in terms of bountiful soft power . 
  anyway , a lot of the articles i read that had conducted surveys were in france because they overwhelmingly consume the more anime and manga than any other european country . 
  it made sense when i read it because when i lived in france they had comic book stores everywhere that had huge dedicated manga sections whereas at home in ireland it 's a single book shelf at most . 
  it also killed any hope of getting north korea to hand over its nukes . 
  gadaffi handed over his nuclear tech in exchange for promises from the west that they 'd leave him be . 
  it depends on the context . 
  in sports were you want to teach a to b as quickly as possible , a taik will help you get there faster . 
  as a result , world records are often restricted times recorded with a tail wind below a particular speed . 
  i know it 's a joke , but fyi , it 's pronounced finna gale . 
   ff & fg a bit left of british tories but a good bit right of british labour but effectively the same as each other . 
  i 'd agree with this , but closer to labour thank i reckon you 'd put them . 
   labour -- slightly right wing version of british labour . 
  i 'd actually put them to the left of british labour . 
  british labour since tony blair has bought into neo-liberalism big time . 
  corbyn reflects a shift in the opposite direction , but most of the party are essentially blairites . 
  irish labour ca n't be fully blamed for neo-liberal policies enacted when they were in government , because their senior government partner was a neo-liberal party . 
   sinn fein -- scottish national party except sf are well left of centre and snp are right of centre . 
  and in a lot of places on the continent , they serve you 400ml . 
  could be why he wants to get his hands on the rainy day fund . 
  in ireland we acknowledge that we 're part of the anglosphere , but we do n't feel completely at home in it in the same way as the rest do . 
  uk , us , canada , australia and nz all ultimately share english culture as a common ancestor where that very much not the case for us . 
  maybe that 's why we 're so much more pro-european than the brits . 
  maybe we want to be apart of another group of cultures just to show the world that we 're not just another anglo-saxon culture . 
  so hopefully , if that 's true , we 're not in that anglo-saxon echo-chamber . 
  although i do know some irish people who buy into that bullshit , filthy west brits . 
  they 're so high on their own supply of nationalism and nostalgia that they actually think they can strong arm the eu in the negotiations from a weaker position . 
  it 's like watching a toddler attacking an adult thinking that they can actually do it any harm . 
  the value of soft power is heavily overstated . 
  it 's essentially brand popularity but there 's very little evidence to suggest that any actually power is yielded from it . 
  source : my thesis for my ma in international relations and diplomacy, 
  well it 's just not going to happen . 
  all the major eu countries allow dual nationality , they 're not going to change their minds on it . 
  and building it around schengen would n't work either . 
  there are non-eu countries in schengen and eu counties not in schengen . 
  it 's too messy . 
   dual citizenship needs to die . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  a lot of counties have a long tradition of reaching out to their diasporas by allowing dual citizensship . 
  i ca n't believe that figure . 
  i looked for hundreds of entry level graduate jobs in london and none of them were that high . 
  the highest i saw was around # 23k and that was uncommon . 
  my sister who 's a qualified pharmacist with 5 years experience is just about getting that . 
  maybe there are certain really high paying jobs in it and finance etc that bring up the average . 
  and jobbridge getting scrapped is n't excellent news . 
  it needed to be fixed , not scrapped . 
  without it there 's no way of doing an internship while keeping jobseekers allowances . 
  now only the wealthy can afford internships . 
  jobbridge was scrapped a year ago . 
  and for entry level jobs , pay is way higher than the uk , even though we have higher unemployment . 
  when i lived in london i found that most entry level graduate jobs paid around # 18k ( $ 20.5 k ) . 
  back in ireland the going rate for entry level graduate jobs is about $ 25k ( # 23k ) . 
  countries which rely on exports tend to do very well when the world economy is doing well and very poorly when the world economy is doing poorly . 
  also , exchange rate changes can have massive impacts . 
  the fall in the strength of the pound compared to the euro since brexit has already resulted in a few agrifood businesses in ireland going under . 
  but in general , ireland 's export driven economy has been the main reason that it 's gdp growth has been among the highest in europe for a few years . 
  this is gdp , it has nothing do to with government expenditure . 
  and salt and vinegar . 
  and tayto invented the modern crisp too . 
  before tayto , the flavouring was just powder and you had to shake the bag before opening it to coat the crisps . 
   the irish title uachtar\u00e1n comes from the word uachtar meaning ` cream ' -- as in `` the cream of the crop '' that sounds like a pseudo-etymology to me . 
  [ uachtar is just word that means upper or top . 
  ] ( http://www.teanglann.ie/ga/fgb/uachtar ) the president is called an [ uachtar\u00e1n ] ( https://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/uachtar\u00e1nbecause ) because they have the top political office . 
  cream is called uachtar because it rises to the top . 
  no one said that the uk would n't be able to make deals . 
  the point was that they 'll have a lot of renegotiation to do and it 'll be a few years before they can match the deals they had under the eu . 
  the other point was that outside of the eu , the uk would be in a much weaker position compared to when it was in the eu . 
  this is because they have a smaller market . 
  japan will now be dealing with a market with half its population instead of one with 5 times its population . 
  there 's also the fact that because the uk has depended on the eu for trade negotiations for the past few decades , the uk is seriously lacking in accomplished negotiators . 
  so for almost every trade deal there 'll be a team of inexperienced british negotiators against seasoned negotiators from the other country . 
  when you consider these factors it 's no surprise that countries are lining up to do a trade deal with the uk . 
  i heard a japanese joke about this scandal . 
  what did the japanese tourists say when he ate a hamburger in europe ? 
  uma is an abbreviation of umai which means tasty . 
  i 've never seen anything higher than $ 50 notes in circulation . 
  i 've seen a $ 100 note once and it was probably fake . 
  most vendors will refuse $ 100 , $ 200 and $ 500 notes . 
  this figure would be much higher in ireland were it not for the financial crisis . 
  after the crisis , the rate of immigration went down and many of our immigrants went home . 
  also , quite a lot of young irish people emigrated during that time too . 
  unlike previous drain brains , however , it appears as though a lot of these emigrants are coming home . 
  makes my blood boil . 
  macron-trudeau bl will happen . 
  it 's only a matter of time . 
  dublin on the weekend is always full of stag and hen parties from england . 
  you can always hear them from two streets away and they always wear stupid matching novelty suits . 
  i 've never passed by an english stag group who were n't harassing someone , usually women . 
  no i did not . 
   it was the british invasion of ireland that led to the demise of irish . 
  first i stated a fact  the point was that the brits complain about the demise of their culture without a shred of self-awareness about how many cultures they 've obliterated . 
  here i simply said x happens at the same time as y. i did not declare that because of y , x should not happen . 
  if i state a fact that eating junk food is unhealthy that is not the same as me stating an opinion that junk food should be banned . 
  that 's a massive conclusion to jump to . 
  so just because i think that it 's insensitive that brits complain about the demise of their culture without acknowledging how their culture has done the same to many other cultures , does n't mean that i think that british people should be stripped of the right to state any opinions that i believe to be hypocritical . 
  that is a ridiculous misinterpretation of my words . 
  so do you see now how completely put words into mouth ? 
  if not then you need to study verbal comprehension . 
  even the most basics tests of verbal comprehension will teach what you can and can not infer from a statement . 
   so because of ireland brits can no longer complain about immigration ?
