  not even belarussians and russians are deperate evnough to buy russian cars . 
  yes they do . 
  i have phd in windmill engineering and i graduated top class in the german university of wind propulsion . 
  my expertise is in the usage of windmill turbines as a means to affect the rotation of the earth . 
  it 's a fairly new , but groundbreaking field of science . 
  it has many application including economics , politics and military . 
  if for example the country is attacked , we can slow down the rotation to give our troops time to prepare . 
  it has some non-desirable side effects . 
  if the technology falls into wrong hands , they could cause serious damage . 
  if you speed the eart too much , you could potentially rip it apart . 
  if you reach the so called terminal earth rotation speed ( ters ) , it could spin so fast , time would become infinitely small , which is a problem . 
  this is the famous so called terminal earth rotation speed time paradox ( terstp ) . 
  so that 's why you never heard of it , it 's a top secret goverment technology . 
  in the case of a foreign rogue goverment acquiring this destructive power , goverments around the world are quietly setting up windmill arrays , so that in a case of emergency , they would counteract the non-desirable change in rotational velocity . 
  that 's reddit for ya . 
  eh , i do n't agree 100 % , but as i said , i am open to being wrong and in this case i guess i was wrong . 
  by that i was refering to when merkel said that all refugees are welcome in germany . 
  and they kept pouring in . 
  germany 's open arms policy was imo pretty foolish . 
  and when some countries ( hungary for example ) started doing their own thing , like protecting their borders , they were painted as the villains . 
  the only germany thing might be a bit of a hyperbole , but how many countries opinions were actually considered when building that policy ? 
  did they care what hungary , poland , czechia , all these countries had to say ? 
  i have a feeling they did n't . 
  i am open to being wrong on this however . 
  yeah , i assume people from eastern europe share my view more . 
  first , i know a lot of people who think eu is reminding them of how ussr used to control us . 
  and second , i feel like eastern europe lacks a very strong voice in eu matters and we feel kinda left out of the european politics . 
  yes . 
  if they point the turbines in the right direction , they could speed or slow down the earths rotation . 
  100 % true , trust me . 
  oh boy , this wo n't be a popular post looking at other answers in this thread . 
  make it much more transparent and simpler . 
  focus on economic issue primarly , like single market etc. 
  secondary should be ecolgy and clean energy , as well as support for science . 
  stop federalization and make the eu countries more sovereign . 
  this will somewhat shut up nationalists . 
  i do n't understand why so many people here want to give eu even more power over the members . 
  that would only make the matter worse . 
  make it less germany-centric . 
  i know that they in a way deserve more power , because they give out a lot of money to other states and their economy is by far the strongest , but when the immigration policy of all member states is pretty much determined by one country , there is something wrong . 
  i am split on eu army . 
  have n't looked into it enough . 
  considering how laughable our current army is , it might not be the worst idea ever . 
  all in all , eu at it 's current point is deeply , deeply flawed and a few steps back definitely would n't hurt . 
  i fail to understand this subs sentiment over eu federalization . 
  this is the first time i have heard about this . 
  i do n't think it reflects the national sentiment about jews at all . 
  just a bunch of idiots . 
  outside of having the best beer in the world , we are also the haviest beer drinkers in the world by far . 
  over 140 liters of beer per capita per year . 
  oh for fucks sake , not again . 
  fuck vlad and don . 
  it 's fun for the first hour or so , then it becomes an annoyance . 
  well , yeah licensed it . 
  of course not they ca n't touch the originals , i grew up on those . 
  words ca n't describe how awful that chinese thing is compared to original . 
  we sold krte\u010dek to china . 
  [ i kid you not . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekjbgcoadfs ), 
  no , no it 's not . 
  islam has nothing to do with islam . 
  the fuck is up with the music ? 
  that 's the no man 's land . 
  oh for fucks sake , not this again . 
  if this is yet another fucking terror attack ... 
  supposedly multiple fatalities according to early sources . 
  we 've been over this , we are just arguing in circles . 
  well as i already said they are both morally grey things , i personally believe it is more morally justified , you think otherwise . 
  we have come around full circle , back to where we started . 
  then equating eating animals to having sex with them is incorrect . 
  but you do agree that it 's ok to eat animals under certain conditions ? 
  if yes , do you think there are conditions under which having sex with an animal is ok ? 
  i am not trying to defend huge factory farms . 
  let 's say you are starving to death and you kill an animal to feed yourself , because there is nothing else to eat . 
  is that morally wrong ? 
  no it 's not , in my opinion . 
  now let 's say you are horny and an animal apeears and you decide to fuck it . 
  that is much more wrong than killing it to save your own life . 
  is eating meat in our world morally wrong ? 
  it 's a grey area , imo . 
  and you could make the point that fucking animals is morally grey too , but to me there just is a difference between the two . 
  you might see it differently . 
  yeah , i get that animals are inefficent as a food source , but i still do n't think you can equate farming animals to having sex with them . 
  yes i do , but to me killing an animal to feed people is different , than raping an animal for your own pleasure . 
  i do n't know man , to me having sex with anything without it 's consent is pretty awful and plenty reason to ban it . 
  and you ca n't get consent from a donkey . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think fucking an animal can be consensual under any circumstance , that alone is why it should n't be legal . 
  and it 's very risky medically . 
  from transmiting diseases , to injuring yourself and the animal . 
  we have parliamentary election too next year , but it looks like not much will change and no far right party comes even close to getting into parlament . 
  i guess it 's still better than hofer , but how delusional do you have to be to think that use is a good idea . 
  how can he refuse to let them govern if he has almost no power ? 
  that 's why we need more heathy euroskepticism . 
  unfortunately more and more people go right to the extreme and want out . 
  and if eu is not willing to change , then they might have a point . 
  yep . 
  that 's the type of euroskeptic we need , eu has many , many problems and they need to be fixed before we start federalizing it any further . 
  of course trying to leave it is the bad way to fix it . 
  i like that type of euroskeptic .
