  you should n't be protesting the result of the election , what 's done is done . 
  you should protest to change the system , so that it can never happen again . 
  the german/czech border is basically one giant brothel . 
  it 's pretty widespread throught the country . 
  i see them everywhere all the time , there is even a brothel like 100 m from my house which is in the middle of the city . 
  legally it 's a very grey area . 
  prostitution itself is legal , organized prostitution is illegal , but it 's hardly ever enforced . 
  there is however a problem of human trafficking in czech rep. you almost never hear about it in the news , but supposedly a lot of women and children are traficked through our country from all around the world ( eastern europe , asia ... ) before going to western europe and us . 
  it 's a social taboo i guess , prostitutes are n't very well regarded , but since it 's so widespread , someone must be using them . 
  it 's not a very talked about issue . 
  there was a push about 10 years ago to make it compeltely legal , but it failed . 
  yeom czech goulash ( gul\u00e1\u0161 ) is pretty much p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt . 
  weirdly enoughi sometimes see perkelt ( sounds like p\u00f6rk\u00f6lt ) in restaurants and stuff and it tends to be slightly different to goulash . 
  it 's weird , but i doubt it has anything to do with americanization . 
  i 've been to vienna atleast as many times as in prague , since it 's closer to my city . 
  i love it every time , although for some reason everytime i go there the weather is awful . 
  perception is complicated . 
  on one hand , there is our very conflicting history , where czechs were generally more oppressed ( culturally that is ) . 
  on the other hand we were one country for almost 500 years , so there is a strong bond there and our culture has been heavily influenced by austrian . 
  i do n't think there is much hostility between our nations , but we have a lot to improve upon . 
  our current president and his sheep took the pushing his own agenda to the extreme . 
  i do n't recall klaus ever being as insane at this as zeman is . 
  sounds like our country !, 
  i love the two dudes watching them , like : wtf are they doing . 
  stork is extremely common throught entire europe tbh . 
  like it 's the symbol of alsace in france and it 's literally everywhere there . 
  the only countries i have no desire to visit are russia , belarus and ukraine . 
  and turkey until it gets its shit together . 
  that is very much true . 
  milo\u0161 is the name of our president . 
  and kristina ( or rather krist\u00fdna ) is pretty common too . 
  i do n't care about any sport , especially football and hockey . 
  just curious , who are the most popular candidates and who has the biggest chance of winning ? 
  prague castle, 
  our eastern little brother slovakia . 
  never heard of it . 
  someone metnioned candy canes in the thread . 
  those are n't particularly common either . 
  i do n't think i have ever eaten one . 
  i do n't think a party that solely represents a single minority makes no sense . 
  it 's the same exact thing like the million anti-muslim/extreme right parties , that have sprung up in recent years . 
  a party that 's based around a single issue would never ever get my vote . 
  even if i was a muslim and a party that represents muslim interests ( i 'll get to that ) i would n't vote for it . 
  i think i 'd rather vote for a party that is trying to help minorities in general . 
  then the muslim interest thing . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  i believe that the interest of any muslim living in a european country should be to fully integrate into the society and become a benefit to said society . 
  and the fact that you are a muslim or not is pretty irrelevant . 
  the thing about muslim immigrants is that , if they want to get accepted , then they need to show that they are no different from us and that they are deserve a place in our society . 
  creating a party that only represents them does the exact opposite and alienates them from us . 
  sounds completely different though . 
  they are also unfortunately the worst tom & jerry episodes by far . 
  completely missed what t&j are about . 
  in my opinion that is . 
  i hope you are aware that almost nobody read that . 
  it has it 's flaws , but i do n't have to pay anything so i am happy . 
  as i said , i do n't know anyone who does that . 
  and maybe they were on to something when they said prague was a shit city  just kidding . 
  * looks at former yugoslavia * suuure, 
  we do n't hate them . 
  or it 's more like a friendly competition of who 's better . 
  i do n't know anyone who hates people from bohemia because they are from there . 
  there is some shit talking and lot of jokes about prague people , but no actual hate . 
  really , the context of bohemia , moravia and silesia is mostly historical . 
  there is no actual division today . 
  the culture is very slightly different , like in moravia we drink a lot more wine for example . 
  and there are a ton of dialects - like on the border with slovakia , it sort of turns into czechoslovak language . 
  so once again , there is no hate . 
  perhaps op is from bohemia and just got the impression that we hate them ? 
  i would n't say we understand asia at all , we do n't understand each other honestly . 
  there are a lot of ( about 80 000 ! ), 
  vietnamese immigrants in czech republic ( always surprises people ) , who came here during the communist era and therefore had enough time to full integrate , which they did very well . 
  a lot of them sell stuff on street markets or own different asian restaurants ( atleast the first generation did that , the current ones generally have a much , much better education and work in all kinds of areas ) , and that 's about the most asian thing people here encounter . 
  that and cheap sushi . 
  but recently ( past 2 years or so ) , we have seen a huge rise of investments by the chinese . 
  this got even more boosted by our dear president making several journeys to china , claiming to go there to learn how to `` stabilize the society '' ( i shit you not ) . 
  this was extremely controversial since he seems to be very east-oriented , not something a lot of czechs like . 
  afterwards there was a resurgence in chinese investors coming to czech republic . 
  now whether that 's a good thing or not , is up to debate . 
  so i suppose this could somewhat answer your question - there is a rise in chinese investments in czech rep. 
  i suppose it 's quite obvious for us . 
  slovaks are like our siamese twins separated after a long time together . 
  culturally and politically it 's anything that was behind iron curtain . 
  however that ended 27 years ago and since then the countries have changed and differentiated that it really does n't make sense grouping them together . 
  there is also a huge negative connotation asociated with eastern europe as being very poor even though some countries are slowly but steadily catching up with western europe and are generally not bad places to live . 
  you could also say eastern europe is slavic europe . 
  but that would exclude the baltics , hungary , romania and so on , so why not just call it slavic europe instead of eastern europe . 
  geographically i suppose eastern europe would be only russia , belarus , ukraine and maybe moldova and romania , since the geographical centre of europe is lithuania . 
  and if you take the iron curtain countries as eastern then you should also add austria , because prague is more to the west than vienna for example . 
  the way it 's currently used is pretty outdated and i wish people would stop grouping all these diverse countries under one name , that unfortunately has an unfair negative conotation . 
  well i open windows all the time as ac is n't really a thing in older houses and i personally do n't know anyone who has one in their home . 
  and here and there a fly gets in . 
  during summer mosquitoes can be a bit of a harassment , but since it 's been a very , very dry summer i only got bit a couple of times . 
  i personally never tried but i have a couple of friends who did a sort of road trip around europe , but they did it in a small group ( or even just 2 people , not sure ) so that 's a bit different i guess . 
  the way they did it is they just approached truck drivers at gas stops and there were always some that took them in even for free . 
  apparently they tend to get lonely on long journeys and some company here and there is nice . 
  it 's mostly luck based though . 
  it all depends on the school , but mostly you do n't get to choose that much . 
  most classes are compulsory . 
  in our last year we did however get to choose about 5 classes which made us prepare for the final exam called maturita .
