i want them to finaly do something instead of aticking their heads in sand . 
  as much as i dislike him and some of his views ( giant global warming denier , pro-russian etc. ), 
  and i consider him to be an asshole , in recent years he made some great points this post included . 
  one thing i liked about him is that he sticked with his views however controversial they were . 
  this is glorious . 
  just the fact that they managed to climb to the roof , take down the standard and replace it with this without anybody stopping them blows my mind . 
  yet another episode in the comedy called prague castle . 
  why would n't there be a naked asian ? 
  i would marry you too :3, 
  that made me sad , although if you took only younger people the number would be much higher in pretty much every country . 
  i am just gon na leave [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/subredditcancer/comments/3jux5c/reurope_is_at_it_again_patterns_in_deletions/ ) here . 
  i would have to manage 2 accounts at the same time . 
  it 's against rules of reddit ( although who cares ) and it 's a huge inconvenience . 
  quickly before you get banned ( and you will ) . 
  being active is not a bad thing . 
  the problem is that he deletes normal posts that dont break any rules and bans people without explaining why . 
  no , they wouldnt care lesbian is from lesbos and not the other way around . 
  i do n't think they would care . 
  and create some sort of gas based elimination process so that there is n't too many of them, 
  yeah pirates are kind of fine , but still not ideal . 
  but i will definitely vote for a small party this time . 
  czech trump can go fuck himself . 
  what i do n't understand is how sobotka is so popular , so hopefully he wo n't be prime minister again . 
  i have no idea honestly . 
  they are all corrupt and incapable of doing anything . 
  polan . 
  yeah !, 
  all coastal countries will be flooded and we landlocked people will have all the sea we want !, 
  sea level does n't really makes sense , because it 's pretty variable on the location , but basically yes . 
  i like that . 
  would be easier to go to sea atleast . 
  meh , i ca n't say for other countries . 
  but i would n't say there is that much more influence than in western countries . 
  maybe i am wrong tho . 
  czech republic is one of the most atheistic countries in the world . 
  very few people are part of any church , so fuck your christian traditions . 
  my best friend is half american and he is awesome . 
  so i like american people a lot . 
  finally he can face trial for what he has done . 
  good job by our ministry of foreign affairs and police for providing enough evidence . 
  yeah in februray it was almost empty . 
  why not ? 
  it 's their choice and they are all aware of the danger . 
  by saving all of them we are just inviting more and more refugees . 
  well i have a ton of experience with roma people and they are not good . 
  except one guy , who was awesome . 
  there was a roma family living two floors above us in our house . 
  and holy shit . 
  just going by their door you could smell this awful , awful stench . 
  they did n't put the trash out , instead they just threw anything they did n't want out of the window . 
  once a whole fucking sofa flew by my window and landed on the ground , liike wtf . 
  they also suspiciously often changed their dogs . 
  they always came with a dog , they had it for a while and then it disappeared . 
  when they finaly moved out , our new neighbor found bags full of dog guts and organs . 
  and i fucking doubt they paid for any of the dogs . 
  they did n't work , the kids did n't go to school , it was pretty terrible . 
  almost sounds pretty stereotypical . 
  now not every roma person is like this , but the fact that there are parts of my town where police is afraid to go because of gypsies speaks for itself . 
  i wonder how many and what kind of roma people you have seen/lived with in your life . 
  cause if you would you would have a different opinion . 
  yet . 
  that 's actually quite good . 
  it borders russia , sometimes i think that 's enough for them . 
  i am pretty sure it was founded by p\u0159emysl otakar , so technicaly it should be part of czech republic . 
  aw , poor guy was mistreated ? 
  take a fucking guess why ... scum like him should shut up and rot in his luxurious cell till he 's dead . 
  look who 's talking . 
  this guy is ridiculous . 
  any honest politican ( oxymoron really ) would resign by now , but not him , a powerhungry pig . 
  that 's bullshit though , the guy did it because he was insane , no real motivation . 
  that 's not even close to a terror attack . 
  my biggest issues was reciting the stupid rhymes you are supposed to say . 
  i just wanted the sweets without all that shit . 
  sandy asturia ? 
  czech and slovak should be almost overlapping . 
  almost every czech person can understand slovak and vise versa . 
  the vocabularies are very , very similar . 
  edit : i assume sr is sorbian . 
  here it looks closer than slovak , which is simply not true . 
  sorbian is like polish + serbian sort of mix . 
  yes i know , but you ca n't say that about our president . 
  england and pope said goodbye to each other a long long time ago . 
  plus what does it matter ? 
  or north korea . 
  i do not like him very much , i do n't agree with him on many issues , but he is definitely not stupid . 
  his campaign has so far been pretty genious . 
  best thing is he wrote a book about it and now he is doing exactly what he wrote in it . 
  + the drinking and swearing . 
  i always thought the whole idea that atheism is a recent thing and all ancient cultures had some kind of god incredibly ridiculous and naive . 
  i 'd like to visit a country i have n't been to yet !, 
  nordic countries and netherlands come to my mind . 
  also uk . 
  least ? 
  i do n't know i like all european countries . 
  thanks . 
  i am not into british politics at all , but i thought cameron was for leaving eu , so wtf . 
  or am i just really confused ? 
  i 'll stick to our neighbors . 
  slovakia , you are like our little brother , inferior in pretty much every way , but i still love you . 
  poland , you are an alright bunch .
