  yep , asian food is actually quite popular here . 
  atleast in the context of small vietnamese restaurants and such . 
  short story : ww2 longer story : after the munchi agreement ( where sudetenland were annexed by germany ) parts of southern slovakia were annexed by hungary . 
  then in march of 1939 , hitler invaded the rest of czechoslovakia . 
  at the same time , slovakia declared independance as well as the so called carpatho-ukraine . 
  slovakia was left alone as a nazi puppet state , but carpatho-ukraine was immediatly attacked and annexed by hungary . 
  so the independant carpatho-ukraine lasted a whopping 1 day !, 
  it 's one of the shortest lived independant states ever iirc . 
  fast forward , russians are pushing back from the east , they conquered capratho-ukraine back . 
  czechoslovak goverment sent a delegation to basically make it part of the new czechoslovakia again , but there was little support . 
  both the soviets and the czech communists urged the president to secede the territory to the soviets . 
  eventually after some pressure from the russians , a treaty was singed and it became part of ussr . 
  and after the fall of ussr , it became part of ukraine because they are very close culturally . 
  yeah , but i do n't think it 's much better among the smaller ones . 
  there is the green party which i really do n't agree with ( and i hate that young stropnick\u00fd guy ) , then there are the pirates ( arrr ) and svobodn\u00ed - both of which i do n't find appealing . 
  outside of that , mostly extremists . 
  this is pretty depressing to read . 
  not a single one of these is electable to me . 
  and there is election coming up . 
  well we already had the left-wing , so i 'd go with the right-wing for a change . 
  i mean it 's choose your poison type of deal so might as well try the option you have n't tried yet . 
  my favorites are - pel\u00ed\u0161ky , obecn\u00e1 \u0161kola and spalova\u010d mrtvol . 
  pel\u00ed\u0161ky is generally regarded as the best czech movie , or one of the best atleast . 
  knowledge of czech communist history 100 % required . 
  obecn\u00e1 \u0161kola is probably my favorite czech comedy , i think it could translate pretty well . 
  spalova\u010d mrtvol is a psychological thriller/horror type of movie . 
  it 's absolute bonkers in some places and it 's very weird , it 's a very eyrie atmospheric movie about a guy who let 's just say has problems . 
  it was made in 1969 , but only got released after the revolution and my god for that time it 's got some amazing cinematography and shot composition . 
  to me it 's a true hidden gem , but as i said it 's not for everyone . 
  meh , i kinda hate both of the movies , but i understand that they are pretty popular . 
  i do n't know if a foreigner would appreciate them though . 
  this is pretty hard , since the best czech movies tend to be very `` czech '' . 
  as in , most foreigners would probably not appreciate them as much as we do . 
  the best example of this being `` pel\u00ed\u0161ky '' which is generally regarded as one of , if not the best czech movie . 
  but you really need to know czech history and the context to fully appreaciate it . 
  it 's about a few families and their lives during the communist era , it has great comedy , characters but it 's also really sad at places . 
  one of my favorites is also `` obecn\u00e1 \u0161kola '' , it 's almost a bit of a cliche , because it 's on tv all the time . 
  it 's a comedy about a small boys-only school shortly after ww2 . 
  then there is `` spalova\u010d mrtvol '' ( * the cremator * ) , which is weird to say the least . 
  it was filmed in the sixties but it was only released after the revolution . 
  it 's based on a pretty popular book and it 's pretty much about a guy going insane . 
  i must warn , it 's really fucking weird at places , like psychedelic shit weird . 
  but it 's got great performance by the main actor and it has a very eyrie atmosphere throught the entire movie . 
  i only saw it very recently , but i loved it . 
  are you serious about the first two ? 
  i mean , everyone has an opinion , but are those really a good examples of czech cinema ? 
  i do n't even understand why it even is an issue worth debating . 
  like here i do n't think there is a single party that would want to abolish the healthcare system for anything remotly similar to the us ones . 
  to me healthcare should be one of the basic things goverments should provide and i find it absolutely shameful that us still does n't have one that works properly . 
  depends on how you look at it , most people i know drink coffee and cafes are frikkin everywhere . 
  and going to one to sit and chat while drinking coffee is also pretty common , so i am not sure what you mean it 's gone . 
  high school history , which i finished last year - as far as international events we pretty much got to obama and then a quick rundown of the most recent events ; as far as czech history , we got to the dissolution of czechoslovakia , but the rest we had no time for unfortuantely . 
  look when i wrote that . 
  november 12 . 
  that was 3 days after the election was called . 
  at that point every protest i saw was against the result of the election . 
  of course you are right about the others . 
   here in the czech republic it seems that most young smokers ( < 25 year olds ) switched to vaping.here in the czech republic it seems that most young smokers ( < 25 year olds ) switched to vaping . 
  really ? 
  i hang out with a lot of < 25 year old people and only like 1 or 2 vape and way more than that smoke . 
  and overall it 's much less common than normal smoking . 
  do n't you have the policy that you can start paying that after you start making certain amount of money ? 
  seem better than what for example us has . 
  i am in favor of getting rid of senate , i really fail to see the point of it . 
  call me a coward or whatever you want , i 'd get the fuck out of here as fast as possible . 
  [ something ridiculous like this . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6c1aev0.png ) i think i hit every country . 
  i suppose iceland and malta/cyprus could be omitted if i would n't want to make the trip take twice as long . 
  or use a plane for iceland atleast . 
  [ it 's a desolate place . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iiiur-hjfho ), 
  darn , i do n't know that . 
  i do n't think they are descended from czech tribes , we just do n't know the name of the tribe that settled in the area . 
  i think the [ wiki page on slovaks offers some answeres to your question . 
  they are more like brothers . 
  their culture and language is extremely similar , but i do n't think anyone consideres slovaks to be czechs . 
  eastern czechia . 
  never heard of this as well . 
  pretty close to us culturally . 
  i can somewhat understand your language . 
  do n't know much polish music/pop culture/art . 
  food you export here is crap . 
  your society seems to be much more conservative than ours . 
  it 's interesting that after 89 you moved towards religion , while we moved away from it . 
  yeah and it 's true for the most part that the stuff you export here is usually the cheapest and honestly shittiest stuff you can buy . 
  but i heard the quality is much better in poland , so maybe you are just exporting crap and leave the good stuff for yourselves . 
   so , would you support a petition to build in europe the biggest and awesomest castle ever conceived ? 
  i agree with everyone here that it does n't really make much sense for europeans to take this test , but i did it anyway . 
  [ as most people here i fell into the left-libertarian part . 
  ] ( https://www.politicalcompass.org/chart?ec=-3.13&amp;soc=-4.21 ) i definitely do n't consider myself a left-wing person . 
  i am center on economics at best but socially i am pretty liberal , for the most part that is . 
  a lot of the questions also were very america-centric so it was hard to answer them properly . 
  you have n't heard about that ? 
  it was pretty huge when it was happening . 
  yes , but i put on subtitles so i do n't miss anything . 
  ah , got it . 
  yeah , does n't seem to go away , does it . 
  well , atleast you do n't have communist party that regularly gets 15 % of the vote . 
  average voting age is like 65 . 
  fortunately , nobody wants to go into coalition with them , because that would be a political suicide .
