  i think the highest estimates of the chernobyl death toll were around 6000 , which includes premature deaths due to cancer . 
  and that was an accident that could have been easily avoided . 
  coal plants have killed far , far more people in the long run than nuclear power . 
  czech republic . 
  it could definitely help , since teachers salaries are abysmaly low . 
  nobody wants to be a teacher . 
  it 's a stressful as fuck job , you get fuck all and nobody respects you and considers you to be `` not good enough '', 
  i go to france a lot and it happens all the time there . 
  it 's the usual `` you mean czechoslovakia ? 
  '' / `` ah , eastern europe type of shit . '', 
  but for some reason i am often confused for a german . 
  and i have no idea why . 
  once this happened to me in alsace , which is right on the border of germany . 
  like how ? 
  there have been quite a few czech movies about hus that were pretty good , but i do n't think early christian reformation would be appealing to hollywood studios . 
  i find it absolutely hilarious . 
  they used to be free in some stores , but they changed it very recently that that 's now illegal . 
  they are usually very cheap , but i personally try to reuse them as much as i can . 
  that 's municipal police for you . 
  state police are the real heroes and actually do the important jobs . 
  neither . 
  they are mostly useless idiots only good for giving out tickets and being obnoxious about it , but when you ask them for something they usually say it 's not their problem . 
  i think czech rep has a lot of policemen per capita compared to other european countries , as well . 
  republicans seem completely insane and i do n't understand how anyone can even cosider voting for them . 
  i would disagree with them on pretty much every single issue and they appear to be completely incompetent . 
  democrats are n't that much better imo . 
  they seem to be just as corrupt and have no sense of self-reflection ( see blaming bernie on losing the election ) . 
  overall i think it 's incredibly sad and a bit crazy that you have to pick between these two shitty parties . 
  i was following the election fairly closely and the aftermath as well and i do n't understand how anyone could say america is the `` leader of the free world '' with a straight face . 
  from my point of view your politics are completely broken . 
  live in a city and pretty much daily . 
  but that 's partly because i pass by the police station on my way to school . 
  but even then , they are very common . 
  i see patrols walking around giving parking tickets all the time . 
  yeah , as you said prague is praha in czech , pronounced completely differently . 
  whenever i hear people other than slovaks ( and most likely other slavs ) try and pronounce some of the other cities like brno or ostrava , it 's always butchered . 
  it 's also funny to hear in what creative ways do people pronounce \u010cesk\u00fd krumlov . 
  absolutely not . 
  it 's potentially one step away from censorship . 
  look , terrorism needs to be fought harder , nobody can deny that . 
  but it should n't be done at the expense of lawful citizens . 
  or atleast you should minimize that impact . 
  and all of this is just putting bandaid on a massive wound , it wo n't solve anything . 
  you ca n't stop `` lone wolves '' by `` regulating the internet '' . 
  we need to attack and destroy the root of the problem - stop supporting the saudis and their spreading of wahabbism to western countries , stop unregulated immigration from mena countries ( although this is a less of an issue for britain ) , have hard crackdown on mosques that are spreading this toxic ideology and try and educate the muslims most vulnerable to extremism . 
  i am sure there are plenty of better ways than borderline censorship . 
  vienna most likely . 
  it 's closer to my city then prague , so i go there pretty often . 
  i 'd say vyso\u010dina is the most redneck-y place . 
  from my experience android phones , since iphones tend to be pretty expensive . 
  but they are pretty common too . 
  i think `` sorry , dude '' or `` sorry , man '' would be a better translation even though it 's not literal . 
  captures the essence of the line better . 
  we only briefly mentioned the polish -- lithuanian commonwealth , but that was when talking about poland . 
  about lithuania itself ? 
  nothing . 
  not-holy , not-roman , not-empire , holy roman empire . 
  honestly , no . 
  even if it was an additional holiday , it would just support the anti-eu argument that instead of important stuff , the eu is coming up with stupid , inconsequential shit like european holiday . 
  it 's delicious . 
  one of my favorite czech foods . 
  it 's heavy as fuck but once in a while it 's a real treat . 
  once a week i 'd say but mostly around my university so like 95 % of the time they are foreign students i assume . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bavaria as much as we like to pretend to be on par with germany , annexing parts of it might be a bit too much . 
  you might want to see a psychologist , compulsive user page stalking ( cups ) is a real problem these days , affects 1 out of 3 redditors . 
  i know this , because i have cups too . 
  stalker :p yes , i am technically not from bohemia , so i guess bohemian rhapsody would n't apply to me . 
  but i 'll take it , since it 's the closest to being relevant in this thread . 
   czech hedgehog huh , i always wondered what those things were called . 
  according to wiki it does originate from czechoslovakia so it would n't fit this thread anyway . 
  i ca n't think of anything named after our country . 
  too irrelevant once again . 
  i am from brno , the second biggest czech city . 
  the oldest evidence for human habitation is human worked rock from 700 000 bc . 
  then there are lots of archeological digs from that point on . 
  lots of smaller settlements around the area , but nothing too big . 
  in the 2nd century , ptolemaios wrote about a roman settlement called meliodunon , which supposedly was located around the area . 
  and then slavic settlements from 7th century . 
  during 8th and 9th century there was a pretty important hillfort here . 
  the first written mention of the actual city is from 1091 , so 11th century is the beginning of the actual city . 
  it only gained city status in 1243 however . 
  so depending on how you count it , it 's only about ~ 950 years old , but people have been living here for far longer . 
  i 'd say they are on the same level of doing good after the fall of communism . 
  it 's also important to mention that we have 3 times the population of both of them them combined , so we got like way more people to make them do good . 
  that 's how stuff works right ? 
  after every attack we give police people better guns for a month or so . 
  that somehow helps . 
  that 's pretty much like our \u010cechy ( pronounced almost the same way ) , except that is our name for only bohemia ( the historical region ) - so only part of czechia . 
  even in czech we use a shortened version ( \u010cesko ) rather than the long version ( \u010cesk\u00e1 republika ) . 
  and it 's kinda weird that we put the whole republic thing into the name . 
  it gives the impression that we are like north korea which is named democratic people 's republic of korea . 
  false advertisment type of thing . 
  i am fine with czechia . 
  it does sound weird at first , but it 's shorter and easier to write , so i use it sometimes too . 
  `` i am from czech republic '' `` oh you mean czechoslovakia '' * defenestrates * so i guess `` we like to throw people out of the window '', 
  i suppose the closest thing i can think of is the location of battle of austerlitz ( also known as battle of three emperors ) , where napoleon destroyed the combined armies of austria and russia . 
  i mean when i say close it 's like 25 km outside of my city , so i do n't even know if it counts . 
  there is a pretty nice memorial and a museum there . 
  i have been there once quite some time ago . 
  also every year there is a historical recreation of the battle , so i that 's pretty cool .
