  pretty much every year during summer . 
  no santa here !, 
  we have `` baby jesus '' called je\u017e\u00ed\u0161ek . 
  i always imagined him as a tiny baby in a rocket crib flying from house to house . 
  we get presents and do the traditional stuff on christmas eve ( 24th ) . 
  you are not supposed to eat anything until the evening or you wo n't get any presents , but there is usually so much food around i ignored that tradition . 
  for dinner we eat a carp with potato salad and fish soup . 
  there are a ton of traditions surrounding christmas , like pouring tin into cold water and seeing the future or whatever . 
  personally do n't really practice any of them . 
  after the dinner you go to the tree where je\u017e\u00ed\u0161ek left the gifts and you open them . 
  next few days are spent with your extended family , friends etc. 
  just relaxing , having fun and eating a lot . 
  very rarely see one . 
  when they started they were n't all that bad , although i dislike the guy who runs the party ( mach ) . 
  but they became more and more extreme , even proposing stuff like abolishin healthcare and doing something like what america has . 
  they are a pretty irrelevant party and that 's a good thing . 
  does he stand a chance ? 
  it 's pretty hard to say , because most of the main parties lack any sort of consistent stance on anything . 
  i guess ** kinda sort of center-left ** is the best way to describe it . 
  the socialist party is , well sort of socialist , but not really . 
  they were the strongest party for a long time , but they are losing a lot of support recently to ano . 
  the ano party is a mix of every part of the spectrum with no real proper policies . 
  in the regional elections , that happened couple months ago , they won big in almost every region and kinda showed off how inconsistent they are . 
  in some regions they went into coalition with commies , somewhere they went with christian dems , somewhere with the socialists . 
  commies are commies . 
  the `` right wing '' parties are a mess . 
  they are generally seen as corrupt as they had so many scandals over the years . 
  and generally they have less support . 
  and they really are n't that right wing anyway . 
  and then there are the about million anti-islam , anti-immigration parties that popped up over the last two years . 
  they all have a single policy ( anti immigration ) , outside of that nothing . 
  they have very little support . 
  so overall it 's a mixed bag . 
  it 's very hard to characterize any of the main parties because they are all so bland and play it safe by not having strong opinions on anything . 
  they all clump together near the center . 
  it 's also the reason why i have no fucking clue who to vote for in the parliamentary elections next year . 
  looks like ano is gon na win , but i really dislike them . 
  there is n't a single party in the country that has any appeal to me . 
  i do n't even know who shulz is . 
  i just see the sub mentioned here and there on reddit and from i understand it 's just a parody of / r/the _ cheeto, 
  yes and i eat it quite often . 
  it 's really good , but i have to prefer nutella . 
  food , cities . 
  worst was the insane heatwave that struck us when we visited it . 
  exploring cities and stuff in a 40 + \u00b0 c heat and scorching sun is not fun . 
  i have been to 15 : france - almost 10 times i think belgium - once luxembourg - once monaco - only passed through italy - twice switzerland - once liechtenstein - once austria - many times , atleast 6 or 7 , mostly vienna since it 's closer to my city than prague for example germany - many times , pretty much everytime i go to france i have to go through germany , that technically counts poland - once only briefly czech rep. ( duh ) slovakia - atleast 5 times hungary - twice , but that was a very long time ago slovenia - once croatia - once i visited france so many times by now , been to almmost every major part , although there is always some place to discover . 
  outside of france i really loved belgium . 
  italy was nice , but when i went there it was so unbelieavably hot it almost ruined some parts . 
  i remember liking slovenia a lot too , but it was a pretty short visit . 
  15 is not bad considering i am just a 20 year old student . 
  i 'd love to visit every country some day though . 
  especially uk , netherlands and scandinavia . 
  i might add andorra to the list next summer , if everything works out well . 
  edit : i ca n't count . 
  i do n't think i have ever seen a unisex bathroom here . 
  so i suppose they are not common at all . 
  and i do n't really get what 's their point . 
  if there is an anti-establishment narrative gaining monumentum , then it means there is something wrong with the establishment . 
  but they do n't want to admit that and so they keep on losing . 
  worse than that i live in the far east , beyond the land of the barbarians . 
  no wonder they do n't understand me . 
  put my body into a very stable orbit around earth/sun . 
  it could potentially stay almost intact ( just frozen , slightly burned and dried up ) for billions of years . 
  so when alien archeologists find earth , they might find my body and see what we looked like . 
  i do n't know man . 
  i visit france pretty often and the usually think i am german when they hear me speak czech . 
  like wtf , germans are their neighbors and they ca n't even recognize that i am not speaking german . 
  and this did n't happen in western france this happened to me once about 50 km from the german border . 
  lol . 
  oh and i often also get complete surprises when i tell them i am from czechia . 
  same place ( on the german borders ) , i tell them where i am from , they just look at me like it 's the first time they heard about our country . 
  bitch , it 's closer to czech rep than to paris from here . 
  and one time when checking in at a hotel or something , woman asked us where we are from . 
  so i said czech rep. first she asked czechoslovakia ? 
  after i said that that no longer exists , she was very surprised and just wrote `` russia and eastern europe '' into her computer formula . 
  but i do n't blame them , geography is hard . 
  no , not really . 
  i suppose most people just throw you into one basket and say you are muslim . 
  my interactions with arabs and turks are very limited , since there are n't a whole lot of them ( especiall arabs ) , but turks tend to be great . 
  atleast the turks that own kebab stalls or different shops where they sell oriental stuff etc. 
  there is a kebab takeaway right around the corner from where i live and the guys there are so nice . 
  always cheerful , extremely nice attitude , something you do n't see from normal czech servers . 
  very common here . 
  although we personally do n't have one , i 'd say atleast half of all my friends have one . 
  czechia - zeman slovakia - kiska hungary - orban germany - merkel france - hollande britain - may/lizzy ii russia - putin belarus - lukashenko norway - king harald ( v ? ), 
  austria - currently in election , either hofer or some other dude poland - eh , hm , i think i should know this ok , outside of these i ca n't think of any . 
  i really do n't like our anthem much , it 's very slow , the actual text is n't very anthem-y . 
  so i guess i prefer the `` militant '' types i guess . 
  i always liked italian theme a lot . 
  i know one that is very religious ( creationist and all that stuff ) and one who is slightly religious . 
  outside of that , nobody . 
  or atleast from what i know , maybe they hide it . 
  right now nothing . 
  usually i have around 300 czk which is about 10 $, 
  there is nothing wrong with protesting . 
  but , protesting the result of a democratic ( relatively ) election is stupid . 
  yeah , it 's stupid that trump won even though he got less votes than clinton , but everyone knew that can happen before that . 
  everyone knows the rules . 
  how many people were protesting against the electoral college before the election ? 
  i am sure there were some , but not on a big scale .
