  i know almost nothing about this guy , what fringe views does he hold ? 
  nobody would watch that . 
  especially if it were n't in native languages . 
  it 'd just be a waste of money and it could easily succumb to being a propaganda . 
  for people who do n't follow the election and the candidates , what are the main differnces between juppe and fillon , now that those two seem to be the likeliest to win ? 
  i am more interested in foreign policy and how they would affect rest of europe and the world . 
  finland not number one ? 
  what sorcery is this ? 
  i know that i am going there this august and i ca n't wait !, 
  looks a bit like the red keep . 
   only 17 %  only 36 % are you serious ? 
  only 17 % ? 
  that 's a massive and disturbing number and should be adressed . 
  yes , it 's a minority , but a very sizeable and dangerous minority . 
  til mississippi has one ugly flag . 
  it 's not about the confederate thing , but why the hell is there a thin white strip between the symbol and the strips . 
  it looks like a shitty mspain job . 
  drunk driving is taken very seriously here , so yes they do `` breathalyze '' a lot . 
  well , our next prime minister is probably gon na be a billionaire populist with autocratic tendencies who owns several media outlets ( which he abused ) , wants to gut our goverment system by getting rid of senate ( which acts as a counterbalance to autocratic policies ) , who has been a part of many corruption scandals and yet is still hugely popular for some fucking reason . 
  fortunately he 'll probably have a tough time enacting any of these policies , but it 's still deeply disturbing that he has any support whatsoever . 
  yeah it was kinda weird how they kept showing him , his hair was having more fun than him . 
  haha that 's awesome . 
  trump does n't seem to be amused though . 
  [ alright , fortunately local news site did a nice overview of which products of the tested were different . 
  products that were different : nutella , m&m s , teekanne green tea , jacobs coffee , nestea lemon tea , tulip luncheon meat , kiri cheese , danone activia joghurt , lay 's chips , kaufland white yughurt , iglo fish fingers , dr. oetker pizza , lenor , persil , nesquik so it 's a huge range of products . 
  make of it what you will , i absolutely disagree with you that the argument is dumb . 
  eu has an obsession with labeling stuff correctly , so why not make the consumers know that what they are buying is an inferior product to one they could buy in germany ? 
  when will it end ? 
  yes it 's a big deal . 
  it 's not just fish fingers , in the study only a small percentage of the products are the same . 
  and yes it 's junk food , but this is about the principle . 
  you ca n't just dismiss this as `` you should n't eat it anyway '' . 
  why should we pay more to get worse quality stuff under the same label ? 
  if you ask me this is something the eu should and could do about . 
  salieri is my spirit animal . 
  watch amadeus for the reference . 
  amazing movie . 
  i mean it was made very well , the acting was great . 
  the story was a bit fomulaic i 'll give you that . 
  it was n't great , i do n't have the need to ever see it again , but it 's certainly not a horrible movie . 
  i thought it was pretty good . 
  not very historically accurate though , which was a shame . 
  but outside of that , i liked it . 
  even if there were true , it would n't make charles 's victory any less meaningful . 
  if you do this with czech korunas you will have 8888 . 
  i assume this is very similar with most currencies , since i assume most of them work with the 1 , 2 and 5 bases . 
  yeah seriously ours is so ugly . 
  yep , all this bullshit would get solved if they equalized it . 
  outside of adoption is there any other difference between legal parternships and normal marriage ? 
  yeah , well , you know , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  is n't this double illegal ? 
  he filled a swimming pool * and * washed his car . 
  does that cancel out ? 
  raqqa being weeks from falling is a big assumption , since nobody knows how many isis fighters are in the center of the city . 
  yes , parts of the outer edges of the city fell relatively fast , although supposedly the sdf casualities are very high . 
  but it could be that they reinforced themselves in the center of the city and plan to defend it like the mosul old city . 
  or perhaps most of them left for deir ez-zor in which case it could fall very quickly . 
  but yes overall it wo n't take nearly as long as mosul since it 's a far , far smaller city . 
  our communist party has been sitting on comfortable 10 + % for years and years and according to one poll , they are currently the second largest party with 13 % ( biggest one has 33 % ) . 
  the only good thing is that no one wants to go into a coalition with them . 
  it 's still incredibly sad , that they still have this sort of support . 
  and it 's not like they are some new communist party , it 's the continuation of the communist party with the same people , same policies and a shit ton of history denialism . 
  so it looks like he got a lot less than expected ? 
  still a landslide though . 
  on the other hand if you fuck over business owners , then there are no more jobs . 
  there has to be a balance between making your country business friendly and making sure the employees are trated properly , but i do n't think you should prioritize one or the other . 
  good example is minimum wage , if you make it very high , employees will be delighted , but some businesses will struggle to pay their employees and will have to fire some . 
  either way , i do n't see how making start ups easier for foreign people is not a good thing . 
  i find it inexcusable how our telecomm companies charge these outrageous prices compared to other countries . 
  hell overall our regular phone service prices are ridiculous . 
  promising ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  better than italy and spain ? 
  we can into western europe . 
  right but that does n't mean he wo n't `` obtain the strongest majority since de gaulle . '', 
  how does that matter ? 
  ok , may will surely go down as one of the worst pm 's in history . 
  of any country . 
  i am not denying that , i am just saying that i do n't think the fact that we had so many attacks recently ( past month or so ) has much to do with the fact that they are getting beaten in me . 
  they seem to come in sort of bursts . 
  i think last summer there was suddenly a bunch of attacks right after another . 
  also i am not sure many former isis members have returned and were n't arrested . 
  the goverments are well aware of which of their citizens joined isis . 
  but i would n't even be surprised anymore . 
  most of these have really nothing to do with isis . 
  they are of course inspired by them and isis will always claim responsibility , but in reality the attacks do n't tend to be planned out by isis . 
  so i doubt the occurence has much to do with them being defeated in syria and iraq . 
  this is pretty much the case in czech as well , \u010derv is worm and june is \u010cerven . 
  and red is \u010derven\u00e1 . 
  it makes sense that they are all connected . 
  i ca n't think of a word from another language right now , but just pop smr\u0161\u0165 into google translate and listen to it ( in czech ) and you 'll hear what it sounds inside words . 
  it 's sort of a tj sound . 
  and r with a roof ( or h\u00e1\u010dek as we call it ) is not like `` je '' . 
  it 's a completely unique letter to czech language and it 's incredibly hard to pronounce , look it up as well . 
  almost every language except english has some shortened form of the name . 
  hell , even in czech nobody calls it \u010cesk\u00e1 republika , but \u010cesko during a conversation . 
  i do n't really understand the problem of adpoting a shorter name in english . 
  n\u00e1mo\u0159n\u00ed tuleni makes me laugh every time i see this . 
  i think this is good , even if you like him or not . 
  he was partly elected because people want change and he proposed some pretty big changes .
