  so they have no power . 
  what do you mean ? 
  nope , never even recieved one . 
  come to think of it i do n't even know if i could recieve one . 
  if the other person is n't responding , you just write a text message about what you want . 
  went there over 10 years ago as a kid ( i was 10 at the time ) so i do n't remember most of the details , but i remember loving the nature and some of the cities and stuff . 
  politically , i like how well you got yourselves out of the whole communist bullshit . 
  probably the nicest post-communist country . 
   what form of goverment your country has parliamentary republic . 
  half of it is in the title if you forget . 
   most important positions pm , ministers , president ( holds no power , but the current one thinks he does )  biggest party and their ideology there are two . 
  czech social democrat party - center left , one of the traditional parties ; ano - ( = yes ) a `` populist '' center anti-establishment movement led by a billionaire  national day not sure what exactly you mean by that . 
  if you mean public holiday centered around the idea of the country then there are 3 that fit the idea . 
  january - creation of czech republic , 28 . 
  september - czech statehood day , 28 . 
  october - creation of czechoslovakia  things that would make a person understand your country better . 
  hm , wan na talk about that over a beer ? 
  they already fucked us over once , i hope they wo n't do it again . 
  i do n't feel any sort of connection to russia at all . 
  culturally , we are more influenced by germans i think , being in their sphere of influence for far longer than under russia . 
  i think putin is a straight up dictator at this point trying to turn russia into soviet union again . 
  like overall i do n't really feel the whole `` slav '' thing , outside of language , we are just as diverse as other parts of the world . 
  basically i mostly have negative feelings about russia , i do n't think vlad is crazy enough to invade us again ( although who knows ) , but it 's still scary how he got so much support . 
  and not just from russians . 
  same for macedonia and moldova for me . 
  i have a choice of joining either austria or slovakia . 
  hm , we 'd get richer if we joined austria probably on the other hand joining slovakia would be much easier , practically no language barrier , same culture etc. 
  i dunno what i 'd do , let 's hope it wo n't happen . 
  that sub is beyond fucked up . 
  if you think t_d is bad . 
  second most upvoted post is them admiting to being anti-semitic third and fifth most upvoted are pics of nazis . 
  rest of it is bashing t_d for not being right wing enough . 
  why even hide under the alt-right thing . 
  just call yourself what you really are , neo-nazis . 
  to me the most important western value is freedom of speech/expression whatever you wan na call it . 
  when that is taken away from you , all is lost . 
  i dunno , seems like amsterdam and the other big cities are quite nice . 
  and i have heard good things about visiting it from friends and family . 
  ( and some bad things from internet strangers ) although , i just now realized i forgot uk , where i have n't been yet , but i 'd like to go there . 
  so i 'd switch netherlands for uk probably . 
  * iceland * norway * netherlands, 
  that 's why i try to know how much i got on my bank account at all times . 
  and i never buy things before planning out how much i am willing to spend . 
  and of coruse , in places like restaurants i pay with cash , so i see the money in the wallet there . 
  contactless debit card is much faster most of the times . 
  no need to wait for the cashier to count up the change , just hold the card over the thing for a second and boom you paid . 
  and you ca n't spend more than what you have on a debit card which is what 95 % of people use and call credit cards . 
  i always say it like muh-dr . 
  just tried it . 
  ca n't say it . 
  stupid word . 
  * tr\u00e1vit * - to digest/to poison/to spend time, 
  they all sound like english but with an accent . 
  there really is n't a good way to explain it . 
  it 's the same language just the pronunciation is kinda funky . 
  the only time i get in trouble is like a heavy scottish/irish accent . 
  that can get ridiculous . 
  well of course there were n't many eastern european migrants during the communist era . 
  iron curtain and all that stuff . 
  but do n't tell me you equate an eastern european who goes to a western country for work and has basically the same culture as you , to an unemployable refugee from algeria who has a completely different and mostly incompatible culture . 
  especially when there is a great danger danger that the algerian will kill your family . 
  it 's sad , but true . 
  and go ahead call me a xenophobe , racist , bigot , whatever . 
  i could n't disagree more dude . 
  i think it 's a complely different and unrelated issue . 
  migration inside of the eu has always been there , but a wave of millions of economic refugees from the middle east and north africa was an issue that started in what 2014 ? 
  maybe 2013 due to compleley unrelated things like the war in syria . 
   dude , i would , but it 's something i see casually , i do n't save them oc . 
  fair enough i guess . 
  i am not talking about immigration of eu citizens to other eu countries . 
  that 's completely fine . 
  you were talking about the migrant crisis . 
  that 's a completely different issue . 
   sure , but in r/europe they 're not downvoted could you provide examples ? 
  genuinly curious . 
  yes , there was a fairly strong anti-immigration consensus , but that does n't automatically right-wing sub . 
  yes , you can be left leaning and be anti-immigration , how shocking . 
  on other issues it has always been left-wing . 
  it 's a very pro eu sub and always has been for example . 
  you get passive-aggressive racist/retarded comments everywhere really . 
  wait , what does this have to do with / r/europe ? 
  you said it yourself , they get brigaded by the_donut and other similar subs , but outside of that it 's a fairly moderate sub . 
  well i am a cynical bastard , but i do n't think it 's all going to shit , i do n't like the way things are heading , but could be worse i guess . 
  never thought of that name as being very masculine tbh . 
  in my country , yes . 
  although i think personal assistants have higher wages . 
  the minimal wage is now a whopping 400 euros/month . 
  english on a basic form is extremely easy to learn . 
  forming sentences is easy , no cojugating etc. 
  when you get to the more complex stuff it gets a bit more complicated , but there are far worse languages to learn . 
  like french . 
  fuck french . 
  to me the difference between french and english pronunciation and why i think french is worse is that , when you see an english word you have a rough estimate of how it will sound and even if you mispronounce it , most of the time it wo n't be a big deal and everyone will know what you mean . 
  in french on the other hand , this does n't apply . 
  the rules might be more consistent but if you do n't know them 100 % you are fucked . 
  still both languages are ridiculous in this aspect . 
  czech is ridiculous in many aspects , but atleast the pronunciation is simple . 
  what you see is what you hear . 
  yesterday . 
  it was snowing on christmas eve for the first time in years .
