  still , why stand down now ? 
  he managed what he wanted to do for years and now he steps down ? 
  ok , but i would assume he would be heavily involved with pr and stuff right ? 
  making speeches how everything will be great again and stuff . 
  i guess he can still do that , but he made himself to be a big deal ( atleast that 's my impression of him ) and he stands down . 
  he still made himself look like one of the front figures of the entire ordeal . 
  even if he was never gon na push the button , if it was such a big deal for him , why did he chicken out ? 
  i remember when he said to the uk parliament , something like : `` you are n't laughing now ! '', 
  well i am sure they are now . 
  what a moron . 
  this is hilarious . 
  so the two most outspoken supporters of brexit , farage and bojo , win their ludicrous campaign and then leave the actual brexit part to someone else ? 
  wow , that 's briliant . 
  what a bunch of fucking cowards . 
  they create a fucking mess and then leave the cleaning for someone else . 
  cunts . 
  why are those two the only options ? 
  these are so adorable . 
  always cheer me up . 
  if we leave , then i am leaving this country behind . 
  this would absolutely horrible for our country . 
  even worse than it is for uk . 
  but people are stupid enough to vote for leaving . 
  i personally dislike the eu in it 's current form very much , it has many flaws for sure , but leaving it is madness . 
  are you serious ? 
  one of the reasons for brexit was that people felt eu was becoming too federalized . 
  and you want to push that even further ? 
  the best move from eu would be the exact opposite imo . 
  if you tried to push such a ridiculous thing as united states of europe through then you would end up with no eu , because most countries will just say fuck it and leave the eu . 
  this is never , ever gon na happen . 
  or atleast not any time soon . 
  for me one of the best outcomes of brexit is that eu might actually think about the situation and try to reform . 
  try to learn from brexit . 
  this would only further split europe apart . 
  how did this get so many upvotes ? 
  it 's a terrible , terrible idea . 
  almost looked like he ragequitted . 
  ca n't balme him , what did the reporter think he was gon na say ? 
  why are you posting that again ? 
  yep . 
  just because i criticized this video in several of my comments , does n't actually mean i am pro-brexit . 
  i loathe most things about eu , but the advantages outweight the disadvanteges in terms of leaving it . 
  so i 'd vote for stay i guess , i am thankful i do n't have to make that decision . 
  does n't change the fact that this is a terrible video if you want to learn about brexit itself . 
  which is sad . 
  yeah it 's a comedy show , does n't mean it ca n't be criticized for having no informational value . 
  i think you missed a joke there . 
  lack of sovereignity , non-elected eu leaders are ones i have heard mentioned a lot . 
  actually i 'd say lack of sovereignity is the reason for most brexiters . 
  i talked about the video more in another response to fadedgiant . 
  wait what ? 
  i just wrote what i disliked about this video and why i do n't like him . 
  what you mean , back it up ? 
  just watch the video . 
  a lot of people hate the bureaucracy of eu and the pointless regulations , what does he do ? 
  shows a shitty ad , tears it apart and moves on . 
  that 's cherry picking . 
  other reasons , that i see often , he compeltely skipped were the lack of sovereignity uk has , the fact that eu is led by unelected politicians and more . 
  the video went like this first 3 minutes - explains what brexit means , what is eu , shows a clip of some idiot and tells some imo not very funny jokes . 
  then he goes on the reasons - first the money thing , where he spends a minute on it , half of it are joke and a clip of boris johnson then the regulation thing - which he cherry picks as i explained before . 
  he does n't debunk the actual issue , he debunks a video talking about the issue , a 10 second clip of the video . 
  that 's the first 5 minutes where i honestly learned fuck all about brexit . 
  another minute spent on obama 's opinion and some austrian politician 's poem . 
  then he states the fact about gdp going down , which is fine , but then he shows once again a clip of some idiot , like it 's the opinion of the millions of people supporting brexit . 
  that 's 7 minute gone , still learned pretty much nothing . 
  now he claims that `` leaving is universally seen as a bad idea . '', 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  he explained nothing !, 
  that 's his debunking of the leave people . 
  and now he talks about ukip , which is somehow representative of all people for brexit . 
  he spends 3 minutes on a part that has nothing to do with brexit . 
  then he goes on to immigration . 
  this bit is finally quite informative and pretty good . 
  we are at 11 minutes , he mentioned money , regulations and immigration . 
  he shows one poll and then 40 second joke . 
  and he goes on to talk about the fucking anthem followed by his reedition . 
  that 's the rest of the video . 
  what was the point of this video ? 
  if i was for leaving eu , i would n't learn anything from it , it definitely would n't make me change my mind . 
  if i am for staying in eu , this video just reinforces my views . 
  there was very little factual information in this video . 
  now do n't get me wrong , i agree with his conclusion ( kind of ) , i have no idea how i 'd choose if i were british , but sorry , this video just sucks . 
  yeah , i saw that . 
  he had a chance to talk with ed fucking snowden and he makes dickpic jokes . 
  i could n't think of the word . 
  sorry mate . 
  mostly i meant the fact , that he once again cherrypicked a lot of it . 
  like the pillow . 
  he took some shitty ad as an example of pointless eu burreaocracy and stupid eu regulations . 
  he rightfully picked it apart and then never mentioned it again . 
  it 's eerily similar to the migrant crisis video he did . 
  i am not on either side honestly , i have no idea how i would decide ( probably remain ) , but this is just another example of why i dislike john oliver . 
  seemed like he skipped over a lot of the talking points of people for brexit and rather focused on ukip . 
  quite a rare footage if i may add . 
  there are only a few pieces remaining from that period . 
  i only realized afterwards , sorry ,, 
  why should n't he trust you ? 
  woah that went places . 
  at this point it seems like churchill did n't say 90 % of the things he supposedly said .
