  i like to think of stalin , churchill and einstein as the most misquoted people ever . 
  love the way he throws down the napkin . 
  us and our until recently conjoined twin slovakia . 
  that 's fucked up . 
  is it because he thinks an ad for protein world ( whatever that is ) is somehow fat-shaming ( whatever that is ) or because he is a muslim and does n't like women in bikini ? 
  because it 's just another clear cashgrab . 
  why market it as a ww1 game then , when it 's obviously some weird alternate universe where prototype weapons that saw very little action seem to be more common than actual weapons used irl . 
  and there is zero excuse for leaving out france . 
  do n't even try to excuse it , it 's just an obvious cash grab , nothing more , just ea milking more money . 
  when the first trailer was released i made a comment somewhere that they are gon na fuck it up somehow . 
  that did n't take long . 
  i did n't even know that i was able to lose interest in a game so quickly . 
  i guess it was to be expected after battlefront having no content at all at launch . 
  * sigh *, 
  at first i thought hoi4 is a molecule . 
  eu was once almost mongolia so it 's time for payback i guess ? 
  i do n't know half those people . 
  i 'd definitely put kim and assad much higher . 
  you hear about them in the news all the time . 
  n\u00e1mo\u0159n\u00ed tulen\u011b is my favorite army divison . 
  ( it translated seal as the animal for non-czechs ), 
  then there are about a million sub-rules and exceptions . 
  but that 's every language . 
  i am talking about reinhard heydrich . 
  this always pisses me off when it happens . 
  i write this long nicely looking comment about something . 
  post it , refresh and someone else did the same but in a much better way : /, 
  no true dictatorships in czech rep. / czechoslovakia . 
  during interwar period we were one of the only democratic countries in europe and stayed like that until hitler . 
  during wwii there was the protectorate . 
  one of the ` protectors ' , which is like the ruler of the protectorate , was a nazi named heydrich . 
  he was a complete monster and hitlers favorite . 
  he was so bad , that resistance based in uk decided to get rid of him . 
  one assassination later , hitler got furious , said something along the lines `` one tenth of czechs will die '' they burned two villages down , killed all males , rest was sent to concentration camps , because there was a loose link between them and the killers . 
  after war there was onbiously the whole communism ordeal . 
  our presidents were mostly puppets of ussr , so no dictators . 
  oops , you are of course right . 
  and the czech cities are in northwest , right on the border with poland . 
  yeah look at all those tsunamis and earthquakes in germany that could destroy a nuclear plant !, 
  better close them down !, 
  sounds about right . 
  i wonder how captain czech would look like . 
  edit : or maybe he would be named ze-man and he would have a gay sidekick called sheep . 
  same in czech republic . 
  `` cik\u00e1ni '' is considered racist , and the pc term is `` romov\u00e9 '' ( roma basically ) , even though they call themselves cik\u00e1ni . 
  in 2011 census , 13 150 reported as being gypsies , but 40 000 people reported having the romani language . 
  the real number is estimated to be between 250 000 and 300 000 . 
  his movies are massively popular here , atleast they were when i was growing up . 
  watched them all the time . 
  one of the greatest . 
  because that 's what we pledged to do . 
  i am not a military expert , i do n't know what the best number is . 
  and yes i believe it should be proportional . 
  i however think an eu army would be superior if it would be a purely defensive entity . 
  the czech army is pretty laughable honestly , no matter if we spend 1 % or 2 % of gdp on it and nato while having that scare factor is too disjointed to be as efficent as possible . 
  a truly united army would be better . 
  atleast that 's what i think . 
  kinda reminded me of that scene from game of thrones where robert is talking with cersei about the dothraki :  cersei : we still outnumber them . 
    robert : which is the bigger number , five or one . 
    c : five . 
    r : five ... one . 
  one army , a real army , united behind one leader with one purpose . 
  [ ... ] now we 've got as many armies as there are men with gold in their purse , and everybody wants something different ... , 
  yes , of course we should do it smartly , but it should be atleast an approximate goal . 
  good meme . 
  i heard it 's pretty hot . 
  yeah , i think us defense budget is ridiculously large and bloated . 
  even then it 's only slightly over 3 % of gdp . 
  us should do whatever they want with their defense spending as long as it 's above those two percent . 
  but that should apply to all nato countries . 
  i do n't know , i do n't think this is the right thing to do right now . 
  as much as i hate trump , he is right , other nato countries should aim for the 2 % of gdp as defense spending if that 's what we pledged . 
  what a shit week this is . 
  st petersburg on monday , khan shaykhun on tuesday , trump going insane on friday and now this . 
  this is awful , condolonces to sweden . 
  i just watched a couple of them on youtube , still made me laugh . 
  the people behind them were truly genius . 
  yes , a je to is quite a relevant frase . 
  i am glad we were able to cooperate together . 
  i was also surprised to learn that dutch even know pat a mat exists . 
  they are one of our most beloved characters here ( up there with krte\u010dek and such ) . 
  whenever we see someone doing something clumsily , a common thing to say is `` that 's like pat a mat . '', 
  it 's supposed to be `` a je to '' . 
  gon na be honest , that one missing pixel is really driving me crazy . 
  i am really glad [ our czechia-slovakia motorway ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rb2cigy.png ) survived !, 
  thank you dutch for not absorbing us . 
  ah ok , misunderstood you then . 
   czechoslovaks piggybacking off our colours what do you mean by that ? 
  our flag was one of the first to even appear and it managed to survive the whole time . 
  fortunately with our diplomacy efforts the dutch decided to not attack us . 
  they even made a beer bottle over our head and pat & mat figures . 
  i am also glad the motorway between czech flag and slovak flag survived the norwegian expansion . 
  i wish that was true . 
  it was a joke . 
  nice excuse nazi scum !, 
  regardless the french have relocated northwards . 
  [ wtf germany ??? 
  overcompensating much ? 
  wilders is so creepy . 
  rutte looks like stephen colbert and cumberbatch had a baby .
