  considering the size of the moon here , this is either from real far away or it 's shopped . 
  either way , looks lovely . 
  been there some years ago and it 's absolutely beautiful . 
  shame it was 40 + degrees , so walking around was exhausting . 
  but atleast it meant i got to have more ice cream . 
  even if we take in the few hundred we were given , i guarantee most of them will be gone in a second going back to germany . 
  so are we supposed to put them behind a fence , so that they do n't leave ? 
  how long before they understand that they do n't want to be here , they want to be in germany or sweden . 
  trying to shuffle them around wo n't solve shit . 
  it 's not like sites like idnes are any better . 
  maybe they are a bit more literate , but they are mostly hard trump/le pen supporters , anti-eu types that critize literally everything . 
  they do n't want to be here , we do n't want them here . 
  i see no problem . 
  just seeing him talking russian with fucking putin makes me vomit . 
  i sincerely hope he is n't getting reelected . 
  who are these people and how can we get rid of them ? 
  and eu will look down and whisper : `` no . '', 
  it 's way more complicated than that and you know it . 
   they died , obviously not because of them we 're free . 
  instead it 's due to the massive war industry of the us yeah who gives a shit that millions upon millions of people died . 
  the russians played equal part in defeating the nazis and without them the war would have been hell of a lot bloodier for the allies . 
  if they could even defeat the nazis . 
   unfortunately , they used this us provided power to enslave half of europe for almost 50 years . 
  agreed . 
   churchill was right , the western allies should n't have stopped marching east in berlin ... that 's easy for you to say now , but consider that by 1945 everyone wanted the war to end , everyone . 
  there was finally peace , going to another war where another tens of millions would die was a terrible idea at the time . 
  churchill did recognize the danger of stalinism , but the notion that the war should have continued is unrealistic . 
  even in eastern europe people were happy that the war is over . 
   we 're here only because of the anthropic principle , no idea what the anthropic principle has got to do with this . 
  we survived the cold war because in the end neither side wanted to destroy the entire planet . 
  that 's a big if , who knows what will happen in the next 10 years . 
  i think there is a ceiling for how many people would vote for these types of parties . 
  it 'll also depend on how macron and the more traditional parties will do . 
  still , more people decided to not vote anybody than vote for her . 
  le pen already conceded . 
  m\u00ebl\u00e6n\u00e7h\u00f4n, 
  4th crusade flashbacks . 
  that 's true . 
  yeah , maybe he should have thought this through beforehand . 
  now he just looks like a fool . 
  all of them , mostly pm though . 
  on the good side , he completely discredited himself with this . 
  how can anyone even take him seriously after this ? 
  what views does ano have though ? 
  first question , she is just critizing him instead of explaining her policy . 
  i think that would depend on how they would do as a goverment . 
  also depends on if ano continues to gain support or if they fall eventually . 
  the problem is that he got himself into a corner . 
  if he had done nothing , people would see him as weak and not vote for him . 
  if he had fired him , babi\u0161 would play the victim card and gain more support . 
  so he did this and nobody has any clue what the fuck will happen now . 
  i do n't think he is gaining anything out of this . 
  he 'll still lose the election big time and he is probably gon na resign after that . 
  damn this is such a shitshow . 
  let 's say ano , ods , commeis , \u010cssd are the only parties that make it into the parliament . 
  i do n't see a way they could form a goverment that will stand for some time . 
  getting together with commies is a political suicide . 
  ano and \u010cssd are complete rivals after this , ano and ods have been on bad terms for years . 
  the most probable version is , \u010cssd fail in the election , sobotka resigns , someone new leads the party and ano goes into coalition with them . 
  if kdu gets the 10 % , they could mix things up . 
  also the numbers could not work out and ano would need to work with 2 parties once again , in which case i do n't see them ever forming a goverment . 
  for people still confused , the guy is the neo-nazi . 
  no idea what the girl is wearing and why . 
  romania has smallpox :(, 
  yeah , it 'll be interesting few months . 
  just when i thought our politics is boring . 
  kinda came out of nowhere . 
  or atleast not a lot of people expected this outcome of the crisis . 
  i hope the election gets moved forward , so that zeman 's incoming puppet goverment is n't there for a long time . 
  the young turks send their regards . 
   do you think that the european union should become a federation on the future ? 
  maybe in the far future , but not now . 
  eu needs to get it 's shit together before further federalization . 
  nobody can deny eu has plenty of problems and so far it does n't seem like it 's trying to fix those . 
  i fear that there might come a day where starting over might be the best option . 
  he is also corrupt as fuck . 
  melenchon was waaay too left for me . 
  macron is just a big meh . 
  le pen is putin 's puppet . 
  i wo n't be happy with either of them , but i am not french so my opinion is pretty irrelevant . 
  from my point of view neither of the 4 candidates were very good . 
  what is this , the 8th century ? 
  that 's far east , does n't count . 
  like almost every oliver piece , the informational value is almost non-existant . 
  he skimmed over the first 3 candidates with a couple of jokes , then focused on le pen 's racist ideas , instead of focusing on the imo more worrying stuff like her ties to russia . 
  i support this . 
  i am getting us election flashbacks here . 
  four candidates within 3 percent of each other and all drastically different . 
  from far-left to far-right . 
   declare edward snowden a nut job wait what ? 
  no , there are storage facilities for that . 
  yes of course , renewables or potentially fusion are the way to go , but right now that 's not completely possible . 
  and while we are transitioning into that state , nuclear is i think the best option . 
  alright whatever . 
  still 6000 deathis in 60 years of nuclear power vs millions upon millions of deaths caused by burning coal . 
  i pick nuclear . 
  interestingly the chernobyl site is now flourishing with wildlife . 
  i suppose it 's about assessing danger . 
  coal plants cause nearly 800 000 premature deaths every single year . 
  they release far more radiation into the enviroment than nuclear plants .
