  germans , ok if we exclude the thousands of deaths and 2 burned down villages , you are a country that can certainly be looked up to and we should get inspired by you . 
  i miss having a crazy genetically deformed austrian ruling over our lands . 
  good times ... 
  right . 
  nah , you are cool . 
  so you are ruled by a computer , i ca n't see how that could go wrong ... 
  and a +, 
  i guess your are right , i misunderstood what you meant originally . 
  i was born in czech republic , so ex eastern block . 
  yeah we tried to oppose the system and look how we ended up in 68 . 
  but you are right . 
  the censorship we have today is nothing compared to what was happening during the regime . 
  do people go to jail for owning a book , that was forbidden ? 
  do people go to jail for even talking about something that was ilegal ? 
  it 's nowhere near as bad . 
  i do n't know how old you are , i am gon na be honest and i was born after the fall of communism but i know dozens of people that were affected by the regime negatively , including my parents and grandparents . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't aprove of any type of censorship . 
  except ilegal shit like child porn etc. 
  people have the right to express their opinion . 
  but to compare taking down a fucking facebook group to putting people in jail for not being communist enough is stupid . 
  maybe it will come to the point , that the comparison is appropriate , but this is nothing compared to what su did . 
  and no only super brainwashed people believed the crap the commies were stuffing inside their heads , i personally do n't know anyone who believed what was going on was right . 
  too much kebab . 
  / s no , seriously , it would be waaaaay to hot in there . 
  that name though . 
  that 's like naming your boat titanic . 
  it sucks . 
  you ca n't compare the two . 
  and doubting su 's evil or whatever you wan na call it is stupid . 
  there is a significant differnce , but if i hear a polish person speaking slowly enough i can usually catch enough words to understand what they are saying . 
  with slovak i can listen to a long fast conversation with no problem . 
  maybe i wo n't understand a word here and there , but otherwise it 's fine . 
  yep , whenever someone confuses slovakia and slovenia i roll my eyes , i mean seriously that 's a completely different word , we got this one letter difference shit . 
  that 's quite good . 
  whenever some one asks me how many languages i can understand i say 3 : czech , slovak and english . 
  ugh , those damn wieners !, 
  calais emirate does n't sound quite as cool . 
  woah , czech republic isnt just bohemia . 
  therefore i propose the name austria-hungaroslovakia-bohemia-gloriousmoravia-lowersilesia-galicia-croatia or ahubomsigacro . 
  catchy if you ask me . 
  i would prefer austria-czechoslovakia-hungary . 
  i live like 40 minutes drive from the austrian border and i have been more times in vienna than in prague , since it 's a lot closer and i love it !, 
  i am also very loosely austrian since part of my ancestry comes from there . 
  ** what is the first thing that comes to my mind ? 
  ** vienna , coffee , alpes , beautiful nature , low crime rate , the usual stuff . 
  we share a very common history with you guys . 
  you were kind of dicks sometimes though . 
  ** what do you know about people ? 
  ** pretty conservative , but very , very nice and friendly . 
  they hate our nuclear powerplants : / but i like you guys ** preconception ? 
  ** honestly do n't know , everyone i know has been there and loved it !, 
  the calais caliphate . 
  catchy name tbh . 
  yep , my grandpa worked into his late 70s and still `` only '' got 12,000 czk . 
  66,400 czk is borderline rich . 
  i am afraid the possibility certainly exist . 
  it was confirmed that one of the terrorists got to europe among the refugees and considering the number of refugees that came to germany , there could already be dozens if not hundreds of potential terrorists in germany . 
  let 's make it stay that way . 
  not really . 
  hm that 's hard . 
  slovakia is like your brother , polan is like your best buddy , austria is the rich but cool friend and germany is the bully who reaaaally fucked you over once but he has since regretted it ( or atleast i hope ) and you forgave him . 
  i am gon na go with polan !, 
  i dont want to have children so that wouldnt bother me . 
  probably norway . 
  i like cold climate , it 's got beautiful scenery there and seems like a cool place to live . 
  even though he is right , still does n't change my opinion of him . 
  this populist drunk manner-less asshole will never gain my support, 
  yeah , i saw several of the rebel videos from the crash site and they all seemes pretty surprised it was a civil plane . 
  how genuine those videos were is another story . 
  yeah , i doubt vw was the only company doing this . 
  well it has almost no support here anyway . 
  even among the top politicians . 
  they keep postponing the date we are supposed to accept euro . 
  i believe it started at like 2012 , but it 's since been moved to 2020 +, 
  we do n't have euro here and honestly i am very skeptical towards it and i do n't mind keeping our own currency at all . 
  i am not an economist , but such diverse countries economically having the same currency does n't sound like the best idea . 
  nicely written . 
  agree 100 % . 
  no , but eu makes the cooperation between the states much easier and is very much benefitial . 
  czech rep brings his gf slovakia to the club , but they break up , because slovakia does n't feel independant enough . 
  they are still pretty cool and drink beer together . 
  so which choice is the best in your opinion ? 
  one of the other myriad terrorist groups , that are just as bad as isis or assad ? 
  thanks for answer , that was sort of my guess . 
  or does it ? 
  i have a question for armenians i always wondered . 
  do you consider yourself to be more european or middle eastern or asian ? 
  because in every geography course on every school i attended , we always learned that caucausian countries are borderline asian . 
  although from what i understand culturally they are more european . 
  hence why i have alway been confused on this matter . 
  they can look at saudi arabia for an example of sharia in practice . 
  to me , he seems like a complete buffoon . 
  a dangerous buffoon . 
  it 's still worrying if 30 % of muslims consider fucking sharia law , one of the most undemocratic and fucked up judicial systems ( if you can even call it that ) , ** more important ** than secular laws of the country they live in . 
  it does n't mean they 'll go around trying to follow sharia and not accept the state law . 
  but if only 1 % of those 30 % would do that , that 's still thousands of dangerious muslim fundamentalists living inside a secular country like france . 
  and i fear that number could be much bigger and it will get bigger as the muslim population grows . 
  son of a bitch !, 
  could n't agree more . 
  ok , got a bad impression of him then .
