  i sense ... 
  i sense ikea ... isunda gray pillow ... ikea-alert !, 
  yeah , although it was kind of a weird thing to joke about considering it 's not even a fitting stereotype . 
  i personally just reacted on the randomness of it ( as a swede ) . 
  this is beautiful , thanks !, 
  some cheeky cheetah , that guy . 
  beautiful !, 
  where in sweden ? 
  wow , romania really looks beautiful . 
  looks like it will definitely be a place worth visiting when traveling eastern europe . 
  thanks for these pics . 
  can someone tell me why specifically estonia has such a low government debt ? 
  how the hell was that guy beheaded , what happened ? 
  i fully agree . 
  it 's actually probably the only thing i genuinely feel ashamed for in sweden . 
  a country which often displays itself as very progressive , open-minded and developed has one of the most detrimental , backwards perspectives on narcotics . 
  since childhood , you are taught that `` everything is ` knark ' ( dope ) , which literally ruins all your chances in life and automatically turn you in to a crackhead '' . 
  a distinction between the severity of different substances is seldom taken into account . 
  so , instead of giving addicts a chance to rehabilitate and get clean without being seen as criminals , we label it all as taboo and punish those who do n't get in line ; the line to systembolaget ( the alchohol-monopoly ) that is . 
  because in this country , it is way more acceptable to have 8 beers on a friday night , puke and fuck around than to have a spliff and relax with some friends . 
  super progressive . 
  yeah , the same thing can be said for sweden as well . 
  a fairly progressive society all in all with many positive aspects , but the legislation regarding narcotics is not only conservative and backwards , it 's actually damaging ( considering the fact the the legislation as it is today punishes addicts = less chance of employment = a big burden on the welfare since these people will be more inclined to get money from the state than working among other aspects ) . 
  some obligatory [ propaganda ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3kquhpo2vwi ) . 
  the first sentence of the description reads ( translated ) `` this is a tribute to sweden when it is as murky as possible . 
  a thank you to the cold , the dark , and the rain . 
  for without our harsh swedish circumstances , we would n't manufacture the cars we do today '' . 
  we pledge allegiance to volvo, 
  wow . 
  what fascinates me about religion within romanian society is not that it 's being preached thoroughly in `` the private sector '' through everyday interactions which could probably be said for religious parts of the u.s. for example . 
  rather it 's a part of public institutions such as education to such an extent that a 11-12 year old during a school trip is expected to confess , a fact which i imagine is not frowned upon within romanian society . 
  what intrigues me the most about this is that it feels like the romanian religious practice is the exact opposite of the general swedish outlook on religion , hence a practice i 've never taken a part of nor seen . 
  thank you for your interesting answer . 
  it 's always extremely sobering to take part of the community which is europe and see our differences and similarities . 
  there 's always a lot to learn . 
  in sweden , i would say that the religion is more subtly incorporated in to society in forms of moral , ethics and laws etc , but in a practical sense , the majority of swedes do n't practice religion in most forms except when it comes to specific rituals such as funerals and weddings etc. 
  interesting , thanks for that insight !, 
  the last part you wrote can actually be said about swedish society as well . 
  as you probably know , sweden is a secular country and swedes are predominantly secular protestants / atheists . 
  but still , by tradition , most funerals and weddings are still held in churches whether or not the participants and organizers are actually religious . 
  this phenomenon is seldom challenged by other views as it is seen more like `` tradition '' than `` religion '' , even though the rituals and premises are in fact religious in itself . 
  for example , it 's common in sweden to celebrate the end of a semester during elementary school and this celebration is not uncommonly held in a christian church - a phenomenon which has been criticized in later days as it excludes minority religious groups as muslims among others . 
  the advocates for church-celebrations deemed the celebrations `` traditional '' rather than religious , although the celebrations were in fact held in a religious premise . 
  it seems the boundary between tradition and religion is sometimes very hard to visualize . 
  no , maybe not to the same extent . 
  but i would still say there is a correlation . 
  political right = conservative = tradition = religion . 
  that 's really interesting . 
  in sweden , my guess would be that kind of procedure ( authorities involving religion in everyday life ) would be either frowned upon or laughed at ( or both ) , then seriously debated and eventually halted because of public outcry . 
  we 're very serious about our secularity . 
  how do you personally view the involvement of church and do you have any perspective on the romanian people as a whole ? 
  wait - it 's socially acceptable in romania to include priests and religion in such parts of society ? 
  i 've seen memes on that phenomenon in romania before , but i though it was heavily exaggerated . 
  how are you coping ? 
  considering in stockholm , sweden where it usually snows every winter people go mental with this much snow . 
  why is it banned in austria ? 
  call us back when you 've learned to complete your words . 
  sincere regards / sweden . 
  should n't norway be our slovakia ? 
  i wish you all luck , poland . 
  i 'm routing for you . 
  love your country . 
  right back at you !, 
  happy new year from sweden !, 
  i 'd like to raise a toast for a united europe and r/europe which brings people together . 
  in the light of this years events from terror attacks to brexit , i of course hope for more steady times ahead . 
  simply the fact that so many show compassion for these events manifest that we have something in common , regardless on our political stance . 
  only when we listen to one another can we achieve something instead of regressing to nothing . 
  have a pleasant evening everyone !, 
  been there 5 times actually , love it . 
  in my experience it 's not half as bad as prague for example . 
  but drunken tourists ? 
  ` ave you got any of those ? 
  yurop smart , yurop loyal . 
  unodc have statistics up to 2014 at least . 
  check if this link works : https://data.unodc.org/#state:4, 
  that 's what force-fed symbolism does to people unfortunately . 
  been to gdansk and torun , beautiful places , although gdansk ( around old town ) got a little bit too touristy for me . 
  i 've also heard wroclaw is great , definitely on my list . 
  if you have n't been to krakow and zakopane , you 're in for a treat !, 
  this guy goes hard . 
  i understand your point , but disagree because of a few points . 
  big cities like stockholm , compared to smaller cities , often has : * better premises for collective transportation * not only `` your profession '' but a vastly larger job market which means a bigger chance of employment , not least in case of emergency ( getting sacked etc ) among other things * closer to hospitals and healthcare , as well as pretty much any governmental authority there is * better alternatives for shopping/pubs etc , albeit a subjective matter based on opinion of necessity of course , there are negative aspects with stockholm with the housing-shortage being the biggest one . 
  but to say that there is no reason to live in stockholm , other than if your job demands it , is ( in my opinion ) to oversimplify a big part of swedish urbanization ; people from smaller cities moving to stockholm . 
  but after \u00c5land received copious amounts of ice cream , \u00c5land decided it wants to live with us . 
  gib custody pls . 
  do n't forget anthony hopkins to the right, 
  the article is overly concise about the study in question . 
  from what i can gather , it does n't take in to account the difference in characther between certain newspapers , sites and media outlets . 
  in this regard , there is quite a big difference between aftonbladet which is a tabloid and for example svt which is a public service network . 
  to dictate `` every fifth swede does not trust traditional media '' without making a distinction between different types of `` traditional media '' is rather fruitless . 
  got a source on that ? 
  a quick google search only showed me a couple of links to shady sites/personal allegations made through forums . 
  ` as soon as i heard the term russugee it sent shivers down my spine . 
  russugee - some kind of superhuman , a perpetual conjunction between a russian and a refugee , that could bring on the immanent system collapse so many had forseen . 
  not only would such a force utterly destroy the sanctity of lucia , it would impose an oligarchy which this v\u00e4lf\u00e4rds-society had never seen before . 
  the sounding of the alarms marked the influx of these creatures . 
  it was no longer a mere ( jansson 's ) temptation to flee this retched land : ** it was a must . 
  interesting !, 
  can you as a pole understand slovak and make yourself understood if you were to travel to slovakia ?
