you have a sofa on your balcony ? 
  sounds awesome . 
  these are all great . 
  folklore researcher robert cochran has written a piece on how jokes worked as an subtle outlet for discontent during the ceausescu reign in romania , especially during the 80 's . 
  very interesting article with alot of truly amusing jokes and analysis of the factors behind them . 
  one of my favourite ones which he brings up in the article : ceausescu visits reagan in washington , where his host shows off american technological achievement by exhibiting a new telephone on his desk . 
  '' see this , '' says reagan , '' it 's connected all the way to hell . '' ceausescu is skeptical , but reagan dials a long series of numbers , waits a moment , then hands over the receiver . 
  sure enough , it 's mephistopheles himself ( a demon ) on the line . 
  reagan closes the call by asking for charges - it 's very expensive , 150 $ for a very short call , but ceausescu is impressed anyway . 
  he returns home and orders his own engineers to get to work hooking up a similar connection in time for reagan 's return visit . 
  at last they are successful , just in time , and ceausescu is able to put through an identical call for his american guest . 
  he too asks for charges at the end , and is surprised to hear the operator request only one leu ( only about ten cents , even at romania 's absurd official exchange rate ) . 
  '' how can that be ? '' he asks . 
  '' when i was in washington , it cost $ 150 . '' '' that was long distance , '' says the operator . '', 
  i can only imagine how it must be to be british and read this kind of bullshit . 
  we outsiders can sit and laugh , but at the end of the day , we 're not the ones afflicted by the consequences of an ignorance which we 're not even a part of . 
  which is interesting , since according to himself he is '' [ vastly knowledgeable about politics ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/ukpolitics/comments/51mz5m/peter_hitchens_visits_probrexit_boston/d7dbogd?context=3 ) '' . 
  surely , voting yes to leaving the eu based on feelings of discomfort in his home town , indicates utmost finesse when it comes to european politics . 
  also blaming the effects of his choice ( to leave ) on `` lousy politicians '' . 
  i know , done that flight multiple times before . 
  although that price does not include the fair from stockholm to skavsta ( nyk\u00f6ping ) which is roughly 25 euro back and fourth , and luggage is not included in the price . 
  travelling by car not only enables more luggage , but also gives you a chance to easily travel around once you reach poland for example , without renting a car . 
  roadtrips are pretty awesome , even though i do n't disagree on flights from sweden to poland being cheap . 
  but i would n't say no to the opportunity to quite easily reach poland and neighbouring countries by car , which would be easier from germany . 
  it 's great during summertime as well !, 
  a lot of hiking to be done . 
  always was a bit jealous of you germans and other central europeans with your opportunity to easily reach neighbouring countries by car/train . 
  it 's wonderful , you should really see it . 
  been to several cities in poland and can tell you that it has come a long way since the fall of communism . 
  especially bigger cities like krakow for example is very modern . 
  holy shit , if that free kick would have gone in . 
  thanks !, 
  do you have a reference ? 
  would be really interesting to see . 
  this !, 
  as a swede , i 've benefitted from the freedom of movement in europe which our eu membership has secured for almost all my life . 
  i ca n't imagine the bitterness of having to stand outside the free-movement agreement . 
  this must be tragic for a lot of young brits travelling abroad to the eu yearly as well as living and working in eu-countries ( which there seems to be a lot of ) . 
  why no sweden ? 
  i do n't think [ the last habsburger of spain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/charles_ii_of_spain ) would agree with the `` win '' part . 
  lake como is lovely !, 
  had the fortune of seeing it when visiting lecco a couple years back on a trip from bergamo . 
  as someone born and raised close to an area that is one of those 53 areas in sweden ; what they 're saying is actually pretty true . 
  the categorization is made to acknowledge the fact that the area/suburb in question will need more resources than other places in order to be dealt with . 
  in order to get those funds , the police needs to admit there is a problem . 
  and even if i agree on you that the police should definitely take responsibility of working closely with these areas , what they 're suggesting is also quite true : the situation can not only be dealt with `` brutal policework '' , even though a heavy hand will be needed to keep organized crime at bay . 
  but in order to limit the sources of unemployment , segregation , exclusion and criminality you need a functioning education-system , less gentrification and thriving youth centers etc. 
  out of interest : where were you mistreated in sweden because of your appearance ? 
  a 2.2 % differential is not a big step between 6.4 % and 8.6 % , if significant at all . 
  and even if you would have considered the difference big , it can surely be attributed to langue difficulties of immigrants from countries outside sweden . 
  naturally , regardless of these persons somewhat shared european heritage , they would face bigger challenges getting a job in sweden when learning the swedish language is critical in most cases . 
  i feel there are possibilities you are not considering . 
  yeah , and while we 're at it , i would love if we would incorporate the polish/west slavic \u00f3 in to swedish for example . 
  it would be a hell lot easier for beginners to understand when to use the soft o ( pronounced ohh or almost the equivilent of our letter \u00c5 ) and the hard o ( pronounced ou ) which would be \u00f3 instead , like in polish . 
  yeah !, 
  but even the stockholmer dialect have decreased and become less prominent in stockholms younger generations . 
  if you listen to older stockholmers speak it 's usually more visible than when younger generations speak . 
  i would know since i 'm born and raised here, 
  sure , words have become more standardized during the last 40 years or so , but the dialects are still there . 
  and frankly , the dialects in terms of pronunciation are probably considerably more prominent today than say 50 years ago . 
  the tradition of speaking `` rikssvenska '' have been partly if not fully neglected compared to the 50-60 's when pretty much everyone you heard in the medias would speak rikssvenska or with some kind of fabricated stockholmer-dialect . 
  oh , that 's [ pannbiffar ] ( http://www.jennysmatblogg.nu/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/img_1151-001.jpg ), 
  danish in spoken form is way more complicated to understand than norwegian ( because of the unclear pronunciation ) and i feel like danes usually have a easier time understanding us than we have them . 
  what do you mean by less commonly used ? 
  we 're all sitting here because of that . 
  i was only out today to get rations for the months to come . 
  i hope the shakira overlords will at least let us out of our homes during the three weeks when it is warm this summer . 
  well , the problem is that even if we see the migration of a large group of educated foreigners , their degrees will not be eligible to use in sweden right away . 
  they will have to get a swedish exam which is many times arduous , and then we have n't even brought up the necessity to learn swedish . 
  so whether or not you 're educated , if you 're from a country outside the eu you will somewhat start from a clean slate . 
  anyhow , the situation is quite stable in sweden . 
  most swedes will probably not encounter any increased instability at all , and i for one have n't experienced anything different during the last years despite of the right-wing reports of sweden becoming a `` muslim caliphate '' . 
  i 'm sure you would hear the same thing from most swedes not entirely driven by agenda . 
  i agree with you fully . 
  it 's extremely concerning how the political and ideological spectrum no longer has any space what so ever for pragmatism , rather it 's polarized to a level of ridiculousness . 
  people ( for some reason ) want their fears confirmed only to say `` i told you so '' . 
  and that reason is of course the confirmation of ones opinion ; as soon as you 've proven that `` immigration is a failed concept '' all in all , you can deem it as such in any given context , and justify your opinion to others . 
  it 's just quite pathetic to see this spreading of misinformation from someone who 's actually a part of the society which is affected . 
  but what 's most troubling is n't the spreading of misinformation itself , but when people not concerned by the fact in the first place change their opinion based on this misinformation rather than listen to inhabitants of the country itself . 
  if you speak back , you 're a `` liberal '' or a `` leftist '' or whatever fits their agenda . 
  thanks for actually taking your time to enlighten people here . 
  i 'm born and raised in a area ( in sweden ) which was deemed a vulnerable area a couple of years ago . 
  the notion that this area would therefore be a `` no-go zone '' is just laughable . 
  it 's a quite normal suburb with a predominantly working-class/lower midle-class population that have seen some crime in the last couple of years related to a few incidents of gangs shooting against each other . 
  most of these incidents has also been related to gangs located in other areas in the city , and not the suburb itself . 
  it 's scary how easily people let themselves be influenced by exaggerated media outlets deeming sweden a failing country , when we ourselves ( who would have been the ones actually affected by it ) continue living our lives with a quite high standard of living . 
  definitely . 
  but to state `` medical cannabis becomes legal '' suggests significantly less of a hassle obtaining medicinal marijuana in sweden than is actually the case . 
  l\u00e4kemedelsverket even said themselves that the decision should not be seen as a general legalization of medicinal marijuana . 
  still a step in a right direction , albeit a very small one . 
  plus no autobahn and extensive trade routes compared to germany . 
  still , stockholm for example seems to be doing well for its size . 
  what incentive is there for privatizing nhs in the first place ? 
  what does it look like now ? 
  no doubt , swedes have a peculiar perspective on alcohol . 
  drunkiness during the weekend or during specific moments ( i.e. 
  stockholmsveckan in gotland or a trip abroad to denmark etc ) is generally acceptable , but drinking during the week for example is often looked down upon . 
  the joke sounds more fitting for countries where vodka and alcohol is actually a part of everyday life . 
  oh , right . 
  i forgot about the danish part of sweden .
