  i 'm trying to find out if it 's like norwegian for us swedes , or danish ( which is often much harder to understand ) . 
  there 's another aspect of not owning a house/apartment which is not limiting , rather the opposite : the economic flexibility . 
  if you rent an apartment you do n't have to take out a loan and when you want to move you can do so without having to sell your former accommodation . 
  you can still change things within the apartment/house in most cases ( as long as you are the name on the contract ) , only these investments do n't really benefit you economically since the apartment wo n't be sold for your profit . 
  in sweden , for example in stockholm housing-prices have risen to the extreme and owning an apartment/house means a huge loan which means paying a big mortgage , often as well as rent , for accommodation . 
  to rent an apartment first hand in this case can definitely be economically beneficial , albeit not with the same freedom in terms of renovations as in a detached , fully owned house . 
  just out of interest , which of your languages ( czech and slovak ) is most alike polish ? 
  can such a comparison even be made ? 
  it was a joke based on the carlsberg commercials : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fdcxj7c55ea . 
  i should probably have phrased the joke like this instead : spain do n't do economies , but if we did , we would probably have the best economy in the world . 
  yes , it is . 
  the metropolitan area of stockholm has roughly 2 million residents . 
  in other words more than 20 % of the swedish population resides within stockholm . 
  op made a new one using data from the world factbook which was much better : http://i.imgur.com/iybye6e.jpg . 
  `` if spain had a good economy , i 'm sure it would be the best economy in the world '', 
  i 've always liked that moscow star . 
  it looks so refined and clear compared to many other regions . 
  i 'm not entirerly sure this is the right street , but i think this is as close as you can get to a modern reference : https://www.google.se/maps/@52.2342027,21.0020578,3a,75y,153.13h,97.03t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sgy6mfmrl_flnmqqqtcldgq!2e0!7i13312!8i6656, 
  oh , if you like to drink formula ( v\u00e4lling ) like a baby , it is . 
  here we drink our coffee black and our milk straight and cold . 
  with that attitude , he 's either a hypocrite or he actually never does . 
  was n't the extent of the genocide also discovered way after the war , like sometime around 2004 ? 
  i think this also resulted in a lot of us from other parts of europe not learning about this in history class . 
  meet the carpathians . 
  no really , looks beautiful . 
  stop spreading misinformation . 
  it 's not `` legal '' . 
  it has to go through l\u00e4kemedelsverket like any other medicinal compound and if they approve the use of it , it is only for specific cases ( as you can surely see in the article ) . 
  it 's in no way legal as in you could get it prescribed by your doctor just by describing symptoms etc. 
  hittegolf sounds funny in swedish . 
  like , you may play golf , but only if you find the equipment out in the field somewhere ( finder-golf ) . 
  oh , i remember those from the second time i visited . 
  they called it `` something like pizza '' , which me and my friends found hilarious . 
  love this city , sometimes almost more than my hometown ( stockholm ) . 
  definitely recommend visiting for anyone traveling central/eastern europe this summer . 
  i 've never heard french people so vocal about anything in r/europe as when protesting the wrong use of their supposed coat of arms . 
   volvo ~ ~ polaris 's ~ ~ all car series are very good ftfy, 
  do you happen to work in rhodos , ibiza , sunny beach or any other party-village around europe ? 
  it seems to me you 've met the worst kinds of swedes , which often happen to be `` party animals '' visiting such places . 
  it 's the new think-tank , daughter-company of ikea , where the sole purpose is to figure out how to make things even more functional , yet complicated to assemble . 
   do n't like their cold weather as much as they pretend to you 're welcome to come to sweden during wintertime , i think you will see that people do n't pretend to like the weather . 
  it 's the top thing to whine about over here . 
  is the swedish society a place where people ( in ukraine ) dream of migrating to ? 
  because you seldom see or hear about ukrainians in sweden . 
  bokm\u00e5l , skrovm\u00e5l - might as well throw some [ cykelsparksm\u00e5l ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzvqcbdaizq ) in there . 
  i think you 've misunderstood . 
  denmark has a price level of 139 % of the eu average while sweden has 124 % . 
  hence , denmark is more expensive . 
  he 's most likely talking about `` beer '' beer when it comes to supermarkets . 
  the premises for working as a postman in sweden has gotten significantly worse through the years . 
  and with increased workload ( caused by corporate measures to `` become more effective '' , hence making delivery-routes bigger etc ) , less reliability and accountability follows . 
  what 's most disturbing is that usually it 's the mailmen themselves who has to take the blame , which increases the stress even further . 
  how do i compare different regions within a country using these statistics ? 
  had n't heard the song before . 
  really moved me . 
  how did you like podgorica in montenegro ? 
  as some one from the outside - how are things ? 
  is reunification supported by a majority of all people ? 
  differences in opinion between certain groups ? 
  differences in standard of living ? 
  genuinely interested . 
  sans-serif fonts are for western liberals . 
  in russia , it 's about annexing as much space around the letters as possible . 
  holy shit , that 's savage, 
  yes you get all the parts , but you have to assemble it yourself . 
  but do n't worry , you can call ikeas customer-service if something does n't add up . 
  first there was ikea , then came man . 
  thanks !, 
  i figured krakow would n't be a pis stronghold . 
  is that dark-blue area in western poland relatively close to the german border wroclaw ? 
  any reason why this area is closer to pis ? 
  is the dark orange are close to the southeastern border krakow ? 
  it 's weird . 
  growing up , i always thought that potatoes were something inherently swedish , or at least european , considering we eat it through pretty much all seasons and on all traditional occasions . 
  it felt strange to find out it 's native to south/central america . 
  yeah . 
  what sucks though is that it 's so far away from the southern parts of sweden due to the shape of the country . 
  it 's a 15 hour drive from stockholm to abisko , which is the equivalent of driving from amsterdam to barcelona . 
  think about that for a while . 
  what is lav ? 
  that 's swedish alcohol culture 101 . 
  krakow , beautiful and inviting as always !, 
  what 's sold in the markets ? 
  may i suggest , because i think you forgot something , m\u00e5na lisa - artwork by famous swede leffe davidsson . 
  [ removed ], 
  poland definitely . 
  been to several post communist countries in europe , and poland is my favorite . 
  the country just has a lot to offer through so many cities , the general vibe is colorful and sincere . 
  interesting culture and history . 
  a bit different from my home-country , but still very safe and vibrant . 
  yes , there are several courses in swedish universities that are english-spoken . 
  swedish universities are tuition-free for eu/ees citizens . 
  for example , [ here ] ( https://sisu.it.su.se/en/educations#?f%5blang%5d=1467&amp;q= ) you can see courses available in english in stockholms university . 
  30 credits is a whole semester full time ( 40 hours a week ) and so on . 
  i would imagine there are similar opportunities in other eu countries as well . 
  i can only speak for stockholm here in sweden , but we sure have quite a lot of indian places around town . 
  i 'd state it as one of the most frequent foreign cuisines that is available here . 
  in sweden we have `` kollos '' which essentially are summer camps , where kids , not least from bigger cities , can hang out during the summer and take part in activities . 
  there are sometimes different themes at these camps - for example some are cooking themed , some focus on hiking and outdoors activities . 
  what 's a panel bulding ?
