  we ca n't save anything , we do n't do anything out of ordinary . 
  i 'd kill myself if i earned that little , with the money i earn i already feel utterly depressed i have to count my pennies . 
  500 euros in portugal you survive ? 
  maybe if you do n't pay rent . 
  a small 50 square meters costs 400 euros . . 
  i know because i was just looking for apartments . 
  would still be awesome for portugal , i 'm in the middle of negotiating a online marketing salary and 1100 would dictate i could go back home, 
  and this stupid xenophobic place ate it right up . 
  i wish there was a proper alternative . 
  course we do . 
  on with the joseph bitlers and dolph stallings of the world . 
  fucking exaggeration and likely has never set foot on portuguese soil . 
  they ask if you want something , you say no and they move the fuck on . 
  i have met * thousands * of foreigners in lisbon and not one got so worked up around it they 'd * never come back * . 
  mostly people just scuffle and comment on it , and move on and i 'd say over 70 % of them did n't even encounter any dealers . 
  what happened when portugal decriminalised drugs ? 
  reddit posted about the fact we decriminalised drugs for the 500th time . 
  * rambles about beaches , snails and french people . 
   / u/dclauzel will likely have his fingers in his ears going `` la la la '' when religions and ethnic violence becomes the norm on european streets fuck all the racism , the bigotry , but worse of all the fear mongering is the worst part about this increasingly shitty sub . 
  200 something euros in portugal ? 
  hahahaha . 
  that 's how much a friend of mine pays for a poorly furnished room in a flat shared with 10 other people . 
  as i recall , there are plenty of customers for the a380 in the arabs . 
  they canceled a lot of 350s for the a380 . 
  but that 's where it 'll go , nowhere else . 
  concept of a 4 engine jumbojet is like you said very well outdated , the two engine new gen crafts are just so fuel efficient . 
  the a380 was a bet for the chinese and indian markets and it might still make its splash , i mean it 's better to load a plane with more people and take less time slots but how efficient will it be vs a neo ? 
  makes me sad to see airbus shit the bed like this , always been my dream of flying one . 
  the 330s are simply put my favorite craft to fly in and from pilots i 've heard they handle like a beaut . 
  thanks for the time you took to put that post together i have been out of the loop for a bit ever since i quit pursuing a career in aviation , hurts too much to reopen the wound . 
  mediterranean culture is put simply portugal , spain , italy , france , greece . 
  could maybe consider croatia and co but to be honest i have n't been . 
  it 's not just the food that 's a give away ( olive oil . 
  olive fucking oil on everything ) but the way of life . 
  mediterraneans like to have long lunches , the ` lazy ' cultural part of naps and of course family , the olive trees , the vineyards , the fishing . 
  that is quintessentially mediterranean and macedonia , kosovo , serbia et co might share similar values but they are n't mediterranean . 
  it 's the climate , the sun , the gardens and the products that define countries as mediterranean as well as christianity . 
  closer to a mediterranean culture than any of the balkans you listed are the romanian although as close as croatia i 'd wager . 
  i wo n't bite however since i 've never been to croatia and ca n't judge myself . 
  what a terrible article and post . 
  the a380 a bad bet , that 's a new one . 
  i 'll bite - why do you think so ? 
  uhhhhh ... that could n't be further from reality . 
  i have n't had the chance yet to do so , although i 'd go in a heartbeat if i could , but my girlfriend who 's romanian lived in spain for 10 years and she did n't know spanish people celebrated name days . 
  in contrast with romania , where everyone has like 2 or 3 birthdays each year because a name day is pretty much a smaller birthday . 
  i was wrong huh , in portugal however i 've never heard of this . 
  facilidades de te mandarem passear ( no privado ! ), 
  we do n't either in portugal or spain , i 'm surprised the french do it . 
  it 's also way easier to get hired , to know your government has a safety net for you , that you 're not ruined and you can take the chance to trim some fat , not worry about living expenses and go back to school . 
  none of which is possible in portugal . 
  i very much doubt it 's easier , anyway . 
  i was doing a part time a few years ago with pt , a big telecom with millions in profit , and one day on my way to work i got a call saying we were all let go and to not bother coming . 
  we got paid a week extra and whatever we worked and bye bye . 
   spain 's unemployment is lowering and will get better . 
  however , the only reason is because they made it really easy to fire people , pay low wages , etc ding ding , exactly what 's happening in portugal and why i did a 180 and am working in romania . 
  seriously , i love the iberian peninsula and i want to go back . 
  but you as romanian working in it should really look into coming back to romania , wages are bigger and you get better benefits . 
   internet penetration ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  so you 're telling me that music videoclip of the british looking dude sitting in his chair in vr , imagining he 's in the caribbeans or something fucking hot chicks , is based on true facts ? 
  they just hop around in gangs , often with one less limb than normal , and they 're dangerous to pets not just because they attack but they carry a lot of diseases ( such as heartworm , and there 's a lot of mosquitoes here ) . 
  they are very difficult to rehabilitate and rehome . 
  the best to do , no matter how sad it is ... is really to enforce kill shelters . 
  but ... romania is n't slav ... 
  are you seriously suggesting a romanian does n't know what russian invaders are ? 
  the country that got fucked of billions in gold and resources by the russians , installed a doctrine that fucked them in the ass for decades and killed/raped thousands of their people ? 
  boy , fucking propaganda warriors from ukraine are among the worst thing i have seen on the internet . 
  i fucking detest russia as well as a country but i do n't detest their people . 
  by this point , i symphatize more with fucking russia than ukraine simply because i am more than sick of ukranian bullshit . 
  i did online marketing and i 've recognized shit ton of social media manipulation but never as much as i have seen from ukranian ` front lines combatants ' like i see here on this sub . 
  yes , your country is at war . 
  yes , the russians are behind it . 
  however it 's your people rebelling against you as well , do n't think for a second it 's only russian boots on your territory . 
  those are your people you fucked in the ass and neglected enough that they sided with * russians * . 
  if you have anyone to blame , blame your corrupt politicians above any squatting slav . 
  if anyone at all got a proposal from russia in the 21st century and thought jee , that 's a good idea to ally with them then you have absolutely no fucking qualms or claims justifiable enough rather than fix up your own damn mess and clear the channels of any of this piggish propaganda for channels that have the power to act on and help you out of this mess . 
  get your ass out there , write to the un and european deputies , vote for closer eu and nato ties , and defend your country with brains if you do n't have the boots to put on the ground . 
  yes , german has obviously more speakers than polish or russian who cover literally one half of the globe and an italian person , a romance language speaker , will most likely understand it . 
  it was n't spanish or romanian they tried to speak . 
  it was a whole different branch of languages . 
  i 'd love to see similar for portugal , there 's tales to be told about our german and english tourists . 
  on a sidenote , i once met a croatian girl who slept on the opposite room of my girlfriend 's . 
  she was super cool about all the sex and noise , and gave me rakia or something of the name . 
  thanks tina !, 
  i mean ... those are pretty uncommon languages apart english . 
  ohhh boy , ca n't wait for the red pill repost of this . 
  funnier is , you mentioned bucharest . 
  while i do like it here , i owe romania no allegiance and they are a pretty fucked up country as well - even though i consider it my 2nd country . 
  you 're literally so stupid you got the cities and countries mixed up . 
  and you know what ? 
  for central european climate and city living , i would gladly stay in bucharest . 
  continental cities are boring as shit , but at least the romanians know how to integrate and innovate . 
  i 'm really shocked that comment is still standing and that user is not banned . 
  i wish i could say if he does n't go , i go but it 's too late for that and my occasional once a week visit is going to be once a year . 
  your response is just adorably laughable , it 's as if a child is trying to act like an adult . 
  for the sake of your upcoming economical turmoil in austria , i hope no one else acts like you . 
  i just might , can i have a picture of your grandma ? 
  just leave it , reserve logic for real economists and strategists . 
  people here lean on inflated , meaningless stats like it 's gospel . 
  oh , but austria speaks 70 % english compared to 30 % 100true % in romania . 
  if the holocaust and ww2 is n't austria 's fault then how are lost generations from communism and the ceausescu breeding policy that sent thousands , millions affected as by following generations , to orphanages without the most basic education romania 's fault ?
