  it 's the silliest statue i 've ever seen , i chuckle a bit every time i go by it . 
  it just looks ... funny . 
  who holds anything , let alone a wolf , like that ? 
  hey guys i live in bucharest and uhm no . 
  this guy is full of shit . 
  while the infrastructure is really shitty , my own country is at this point in history more corrupt . 
  chin up , lots of bad things here but i see jobs , young people , money being made and spent and buildings being built . 
  try spending some time in lisbon any time soon . 
  you mean that one of a woman holding a wolf that no one seems to know what it 's about ? 
  so that 's what it is ? 
  and then you adopted manele, 
  i speak from experience but bulgarian food was awesome especially because the price range vs quality, 
  all the expat pubs in centru vechi let out a collective gulp, 
  they were n't friends and they had never met before . 
  i once had a crazy taxi ride , where the driver very charmingly told the parallel gypsy to go suck off his mom . 
  they escalated , the gypsy talked shit , and then by the time it was green they were friends . 
  i was baffled . 
   tourist friendly city than bucharest unless you build a floating palace of fun and culture in the old center or in the northern part of town , nuke all those god awful commie blocks and make the river shit out rainbows bucharest is the ugliest city i 've ever seen , i dread getting out of the unirii , victoriei , aviatorilor , herastrau area . 
  have n't been to sofia but i believe you on that . 
   especially as far as automobile traffic is concerned god fucking damn it you god damn fuckers i 'm in a crosswalk and you tell me to fuck off because i want to cross and made you stop ?!?!?!, 
  that was my biggest rage moment with the idiot drivers . 
  excluding the fact some fucking taxi driver almost ran me and my dog over because he did n't want to stop at the crosswalk either . 
  queue the most karate moment of my life when i pulled my dog , turn around and kicked his door in . 
  fucker did n't even stop for that knowing he 'd be in loads of trouble . 
  although i have to say bulgarian people were very civilized drivers when i went , the above situations happened in bucharest . 
  the moment i crossed the border back to romania in giurgiu all hell broke loose . 
  all i know is i have a hard time understanding people not from bucharest & around sometimes , 
  the culture no doubt . 
  it is just not the same . 
  i felt it was very unwelcoming and russified . 
  they borderline disliked foreigners , i 'm portuguese and my girlfriend is romanian and they did n't like either . 
  but they were n't being mean . 
  it felt just very cultural and unwelcoming , not at all a latin country as obvious as that is . 
  well i 've been to the countryside here in romania multiple times and i disagree . 
  bulgarians were not welcoming at all * in my 3 day holiday in veliko tarnovo * . 
  i feel that fine print is mandatory and my experience was subjective . 
  my girlfriend had been to sunny beach however and had a similar experience . 
  better tourism than romania though . 
  err , no ? 
  if you listen to people from moldova , yes . 
  but ardaleans and southerners sound nothing slavic . 
  bulgarian has absolutely nothing to do with portuguese or romanian . 
  i went to bulgaria . 
  i do not share your experience and disagree . 
  veeery different countries was dieing to get back to bucharest . 
  we call them minis , they 're small 0,25 bottles and it 's because they stay colder this way . 
  thank god for sanity . 
  my freeze peaches are just fine with rightful * moderation not censorship * thank you . 
  come to think of it , yugo also makes a really really cool dog name . 
  i agree they 're pretty nifty cars for the price you pay . 
  plus i quite like the stepway and the duster . 
  the iberian peninsula had a stroke . 
  i ca n't see shit in bucharest . 
  and when in bulgaria , veliko tarnovo , i also did n't see shit . 
  hell , i see more in lisbon . 
  plz fix stars, 
  what 's that ? 
  now we hate the french ? 
  and i want to bet all of them were going down a hill . 
  jokes aside bucharest is pretty bike friendly but then again i 'm from lisbon so what do i know about bikes, 
  a weaker currency means tourism gets more expensive as greece imports most of their energy and goods . 
  greece is n't an agricultural country so they ca n't sustain their internal market with what they produce let alone luxury tourism products . 
  greece has little energy reserves apart from sun but to build electrical solar plants you need ... to import the panels as they are not produced in greece . 
  their oil and gas reserves are on disputed territory therefore untouchable . 
  labour would get cheaper but products more expensive . 
  so hotels would either function at lesser profits for the same prices or increase them and lose clients while the average person would earn less for more expensive products . 
  really not the point of this guy anyway , as croatia poland russia argentina are arguably not what 's considered 2nd world in common language by the time they restructured and much less now . 
  i mean russia was a global superpower . 
  how 's that not a ` first world country ' ? 
  [ it is known . 
  with you as a teacher , nothing could stop me . 
  hahahahaha in for that free karma , are we ? 
  i might be wrong , so sue me . 
  remember what happened to ww1 germany and kicking it down further ? 
  i 'd rather avoid that . 
  i stand correct thank you, 
  and how will you produce food without foreign investment and equipment ? 
  not to mention greece is not exactly an agricultural country . 
  it 's an union . 
  do states between america pay interest on loans ? 
  man reddit is full of bad edgy historians lately . 
  look up on the non internet defined 1st 2nd and 3rd world countries . 
  most of food is imported and so is the energy . 
  and those are very reliable too, 
  yes . 
  why is there even an interest if not greed, 
  how will tourism be cheaper when goods , which are mostly imported , will be more expensive due to devaluation of currency ? 
  this is the main issue here that people fail to acknowledge over blind ` lazy greek ' rhetorics, 
  poland russia croatia argentina for pedantic purposes , poland and russia are the only countries considered 2nd world . 
  croatia and argentina are * third world * as they were neutral to the fucking cold war conflict . 
  his name is gareth and he 's the only furry in the village . 
  it 's quite easy to say ` pay your taxes ' when after doing so you still have a 2k salary . 
  if you pay your taxes , are left with 500 euros and it 's as expensive as the 2k country it 's not so easy to pay them . 
  for most germans , 100 euros are a simple normal value . 
  for other people , it 's a very significant amount . 
  as a portuguese i do n't find it so affordable - only rent is way cheaper and fair . 
  i agree , but there 's a stem let 's call it bias on reddit . 
  i 'm in romania mate and make pretty decent salary , i 'm just pretty bored here and i 'd like to go back home but with the salaries they practice it 's impossible . 
  i do n't know how , i live in bucharest and apart from rent it 's as expensive as lisbon . 
  i usually have 400 euros of free income every month for me and my girlfriend and it 's barely enough - and we just go out on weekends .
