   scythian how cool would it be to be of scythian nationality ? 
  there really is a difference , the crimean people are mostly planted russians over centuries . 
  in reality , crimea belongs to the tatars and other ethnic groups . 
  bucharest has some russians , as does lisbon have some spanish . 
  does n't make it the same . 
  not really , as subs grow the quality decreases . 
  plus , that one annoying uninformed individual grows to thousands who agree with him so you get unsourced , racist , populist and herd mentality bullshit . 
  we have a good one dom sebasti\u00e3o is said to come back from northern africa one day , emerging from the fog . 
  he is the eternal prince , and i 've always found his legend and tale really creepy . 
  would be saying lisbon was always spanish or french . 
  ohhhhhhh , that 's why one of my former co-workers warned me about ` hostels ' when i moved to bucharest . 
  immigrants, 
  minimum wage will increase , but middle class will not . 
  you 'll be stranded with a struggling middle class with same salaries , no leverage against companies who will threaten to leave the country if they have to increase salaries ( unless they get even more tax breaks ) and average cost going up . 
  as well balanced your accounts are , the worker making 700-800 euros right now will not be making 1000 in proportion with the minimum wage increase unless there 's serious tax breaks . 
  if you have faith that the romanian government will do a better job implementing , let me tell you a story on how very similar and corrupt both our countries are ... prices will increase . 
  the question is , will the salaries accommodate properly ? 
  try living in a euro regulated economy , coming from an own currency . 
  i vividly remember that products increased overnight 200 % or more , a can of coke cost in our old currency 50 escudos , which was about 25 cents , and increased to 1 euro and currently that price is n't up to date . 
  yet , salaries increased at a disproportional level compared to products and services . 
  are you ready to pay 1.50 + euro for a one way metro ticket ? 
  there 's obviously good to it , trade is facilitated . 
  i have mixed feelings about it , hopefully they learned from past mistakes . 
  the moment romania enters eurozone , i get on a plane far far away . 
  totally not ready , same as portugal will happen . 
  be ready to increase 10 fold your living costs . 
  but born just right to enjoy dank memes, 
  bet your money on this comment because it 's a winner , bingo . 
  i saw this happen in portugal first hand . 
  the 2 lei pastries will easily raise to an euro , the corporate lunches will suddenly go from 15 or 20 lei to 7 or 8 euros . 
  and the salaries ? 
  they 'll change from 2000-3000 lei to ... 500-600 $ . 
  watch everyone lose buying power and companies refusing to raise salaries , and the romanian government not having any bargaining chip except lower even more the corporate taxes . 
  oh come on , there will still be the megas , the banks and the betting agencies . 
  seriously though , i do n't see what 's so bad . 
  the city is barely interesting as it is outside the center - i 'd rather see malls , banks , churches than decrepit old commie blocks falling apart or a gypsy cottage next to a skyscraper . 
  dude , just stop . 
  no one gave a shit before the expo , we even still call it expo rather than parque das na\u00e7\u00f5es . 
  actually the expo in lisbon was fantastic as it kick-started builds and clean up of a barren polluted area and created one of the best areas of the city . 
  see , for that i apologize . 
  that 's the post i should have read , and i had no clue they are promised to be treated like kings . 
  how about we work on eliminating the trade rather than sanction these poor people ? 
  disgusting lot . 
  people in this thread are full of shit . 
  what the fuck are `` cockney '' or `` mid-west american '' ? 
  i speak fluent portuguese and english , near fluent spanish and conversational romanian , but according to this thread i speak - - lisbonese - american english - barcelonian - wallachian, 
  i can see you 're portuguese , i live in romania . 
  it 's pretty funny how similar both countries are , and this is another aspect i 'm adding to my ` similarity ' list . 
  wait ... 
  indian tech anything . 
  seos , programmer , it ... 
  i 'm not trying to be racist , although i recognize i am being but indians are from my experience very lackluster tech professionals . 
  my head exploded , hahaha what the fuck you on, 
  thank you for your views , it 's so refreshing to not see far right assholes, 
  this is the fairest , most reasonable and smartest comment i 've read in europe in a while . 
  fuck guys , we 're just individuals we do n't embody our countries . 
  wow , this is the most bigot , hate filled post i 've ever seen in this sub . 
  i am seriously considering never setting foot here after this , i want no part in such a toxic environment and i hope the mods do something about these far rights . 
  edited for respect out of ops answer , original remains . 
  again ? 
  i wish i was kidding when i say i heard this piece of ` news ' at least 2 or 3 times before . 
  i wonder how such well informed commentators can be so terrible in their own spatial awareness . 
  if my dad , who had a pair of underwear growing up in alfama , is in line i can imagine i have a lot of throne usurpers competing too . 
  holy shit what the fuck i did and did n't even realize it . 
  portugal , they 're a joke struggling to stay relevant . 
  funnily enough , my dad who has poor lisbon neighborhood origins is related to the king and thus so am i. i 'd like to say the romanians seem to care a big deal for their royal family , there 's some movement to get them back apparently . 
  i 'd agree but the alarming number of far right demotivates me from contributing or checking anymore . 
  ah so that 's why he did it, 
  not wrong per se , but i 'd like to know what you treat your hemorrhoids with if that is n't inflammatory . 
  thanks !, 
  i needed a bigots cv and life story so bad . 
  in my experience i live with my student girlfriend in a big apartment in the heart of bucharest , in the ` chiq ' quarter of the city , on just my salary which is n't huge and i live very comfortable . 
  i only do n't pay for food and about half worth of rent because family helps her out , if anything we 'd move from 3 rooms to a studio . 
  oh and we have a german shepherd puppy as well . 
  i understand why bulgarians might complain but reality from my view of romania and my friends is very different from ` poor us ex commies ' you 're getting across . 
  want to know something ? 
  you 're better off here than west europe - with the salaries paid and over inflated real estate it 's * really * impossible . 
  i laughed , it 's pretty fucking sad you have major problems and you blame the kurds for everything - especially because they smoke a lot . 
  i asked for a source on the ` bad experiences ' , rather than cultural shock . 
  i know japan were isolationists , thanks . 
  i meant sources on the ` bad experiences ' you so glamorously boasted about . 
  covered in your ` source ' is jack shit . 
  congratulations , asshole . 
  any source for that ? 
  it 's not as easy as it was for spanish , i 'll give you that . 
  i 'm still learning , it 's pretty complex due to the closeness to latin and the slavic words mixed into it . 
  i still have problems with vocabulary and the correct sentence structure 6 months later . 
  ca n't really contribute , but i 'd like to say i 'm a portuguese in romania and i never encountered that issue . 
  people will talk to me in romanian , unless i ask them to switch to english . 
  hell , my doctor said you 're in romania so i 'm speaking romanian to you 1 or 2 months into being here which i found to be a really unpleasant cunt move . 
  i really ca n't agree with this study , as i look down from my balcony to the traffic jams in bucharest . 
  it 's by far a wreck and mad , i do n't know if it 's worse in germany . 
  vile as it may seem , if fair it 's a good mechanism . 
  considering your government taxes workers and companies almost 50 % it 's an outrage . 
  in percentage of population , i am positive portuguese speak english more than spanish . 
  great now i want souvlakia, 
  come to bucharest and you 'll weep . 
  it 's so sad going from the beautiful old neighborhoods with amazing houses to south of the city and see the communist blocks . 
  it 's incredibly depressing , and guess who destroyed a shit ton of historical buildings ? 
  is someone pulling my leg ?
