  salaries are n't that much different from the major cities in romania , and cost of living is closing to approximate . 
  i honestly wo n't be shocked to see portuguese moving here and to poland anytime soon . 
  my friends who are electrical engineers or programmers only hope to make starting from 800 to 1500 $ in tech , one of them earned 1k working at a cinema as the resident it and programmer . 
  well , every other month because they would take sometimes up to 3 months to pay him his late salaries . 
  hopefully , i can move back in the next 3 years to iberia and especially to my native lisbon . 
  living there is unrivaled , but it 's just not possible . 
  i calculated a 2 person household with a deserved quality of life ( with a car already bought , or not accounting that expense ) is about 1.5 k to 2k without even making savings . 
  hell , i am planning on taking back 1k for a 3 week vacation without paying stay for two people and even that amount seems small . 
  those extend all the way to portugal and spain , so ... 
  there 's also autoringolaringologista , which is stupidly satisfying to say . 
  now take that depressive post and amplify it by 2x , because we have quinhentistas ( 500ists ) and welcome to portugal . 
  in the rest of europe , it 's like 10 to 17k a year if you 're really lucky . 
  with a trade and 3 years experience in tech , i make barely 10k ( disclaimer - not a programmer and did n't finish degree yet ), 
  portugal would like a word over that plan . 
  also , romania . 
  and er ... a ton of other countries i assume . 
  god damned shitty soap operas , they 're making the shitty portuguese soap operas look good . 
  well fuck me everyone hide the sagres and super bock or else our gdp 's in the shitter . 
  finally a war we can win !, 
  africans !, 
  oh wait , wrong century . 
   spanish - easy to understand and speak due to portuguese that 's bullshit and everyone who lists this knows it . 
  it is simply not true , you can ` speak ' but you 're not fooling anybody saying you can read , write and speak fluently . 
  no offense . 
  it 's mostly people that know words and think they can fluently speak spanish or italian . 
  i find these threads hilarious , there 's even people trying to inflate their stats with accents and dialects . 
  no dude you 're literally slav hitler . 
  no , no . 
  long sour relations over border disputes ongoing until today are nothing compared to a 3rd party splitting a region that was then free to re-join but preferred not to . 
  you listen to that guy over there , he 's got this international diplomacy thing under control . 
  great post and along the less informed and credible lines i was thinking . 
  i honestly felt no need to waste my time formatting and elaborating a credible , reasonable post because it 's beyond ridiculous to argue about ` feminism ' with deluded immature and inexperienced dudes . 
   your point ? 
  it is still just a quote , not an argument . 
  are you really that lazy that you can not come up with one ? 
  ( and it was obviously op 's worst sentence , it is unsportsmanly to snipe on the worst one , a person with any sense of charity would engage the better ones . ), 
      you see , i am starting to see where you are coming from . 
  i have seen this attitude years on shitredditsays : instead of saying what is wrong , just assuming everybody automatically thinks they way they do . 
  it is a clever , subtle manipulation tactic , because it makes people feel insecure . 
  it makes people think `` if others think something is so obviously wrong and i do n't see what , i should better shut up before i get embarrassed . '', 
  so it is a clever silencing tactic . 
  it is the equivalent of instead of trying to argue irl just giving a judgemental glare and hoping people will feel insecure . 
      but after people see through it , it is not working . 
  so very sincerely : fuck you . 
  i would support now buckfost over you , you lost every benefit of doubt i was giving you unearned before . 
  buckfost is at least trying to make an argument . 
  you are just trying to jedi mind trick people into agreeing with your or feeling embarrassed . 
  you are just trying to trick your view into being seen as a default view without arguing for it . 
  it is not . 
  we are not some fucking retarded social justice hambeast subreddit where everybody is shamed and bullied into accepting the latest oppression olympics fad , but / r/europe . 
  here everybody 's view is on equal footing ( except euroskeptics , ha ha ) . 
  and really , you should feel ashamed for trying such a manipulative trickery . 
   as far as i know bingo, 
   all that feminism has achieved is that ugly women no longer need to worry about finding a husband , which explains a lot about modern feminists and why they 're all fat beasts . 
  are you daft ? 
  look at the previous vote against schengen ascension and who voted against . 
  ask yourself why . 
  oops , sorry on the flag though . 
  the monitor i 'm using messed up the colours . 
  if you want facts , there 's plenty of information on the political lobbies that hinder schengen ascension . 
  there are no legitimate concerns for corruption or freedom of movement , only political . 
  any competition is competition , big or small . 
  right now , non-schengen countries lose tons of exports because of the time goods stay at the border . 
  i know hungarians have this unexplainable hate for neighboring countries , and i take with skepticism your post . 
  i have bad news for you if you think that 's a logical consistent hypothesis . 
  theredpill is that way . 
  nothing to do with the wealth of the country , social fabric and heavy natal subsidies , no sir ` dem immigrant muslims . 
  i am shocked to see this is in the positives and without criticism , unbelievable . 
  this is a tipping point for me and this sub . 
  let 's not forget us get the good end of immigration as well , the term brain drain was tailored and crafted for the us . 
  and why is that so bad ? 
  i 'm very glad we have many brazilian and african immigrants in portugal , because otherwise we 'd run out of people by next decade !, 
  ( exaggeration but you get the point ) although , we really do n't have integration problems to be fair . 
   portugal :1,28 we have the lowest , and i do n't know if you 've been to portugal lately but try going to a village , hell even lisbon , and you 'll see only seniors sitting around . 
  there 's no young people , and it 's depressing . 
  i 'm one of those young people , and i am much better treated abroad . 
  i 'm allowed to work , make good money and i can afford studying , all of which in portugal i just could n't do . 
  like me , there 's thousands - just from my group of friends , i know dozens who hopped on a plane to work/study and we only come back a couple weeks for vacation in the summer . 
  because to face the alternative is to study and never have your own money until you 're 23 + while depending and living with your parents and even if you do you ca n't still afford moving out for many many years . 
  it 's my country , and this being my first year as an emigrant it 's quite hard not to miss our beauty or my friends . 
  i will take the most money possible to spend in 2-3 weeks i 'll vacation in the summer as i do n't even invest in my retirement in portugal , because i trust other countries finances more than i do my loved homeland 's . 
  it 's quite sad , and the average will only keep going down . 
  no one can afford raising a kid , who 'd want to bring someone onto the world when it 'll only make your life even harder ? 
  if you make 1k a month , it 's barely enough to cover living expenses while renting . 
  i hope the average keeps going down , selfishly , because maybe there 'll be more chances for my generation . 
  they think that there are still significant shortcomings in the field of anticorruption and the fight against organized crime ? 
  hungary is nowadays more corrupt than romania . 
  call it by the right name - lobbying due to political reasons , aka blocking black sea ports from competition . 
  rotterdam would lose a * lot * of business and surprise surprise that 's why holland votes no . 
  are you friends with a saudi ? 
  did a saudi serve you a coffee today ? 
  is your real estate guy a saudi ? 
  your doctor , is he a saudi ? 
  chances are , any of those might be romanian . 
  so russian was the most represented group ? 
  i 'm just curious , not ` russophobe ' . 
  could of sworn he was still a kid , huh . 
  anyway , he was promised as our lord , savior and fondly remembered as a ` great ruler ' due to his early demise . 
  marques de pombal was arguably the best we 've ever had . 
  was n't he like 14 ?
