   greece makes nothing and does nothing higher gdp than romania , portugal , bulgaria , hungary , croatia , czech republic list goes on . 
  gdp literally measures * production * . 
  yet they produce nothing . 
  must be a very informed economics student indeed . 
  i 'm very much for our union to harvest profits from greek businesses than get them all sucked up by chinese companies . 
  there 's money in greece , be it tourism or their importance in naval fleets . 
  the romanian commentator was a riot , he could n't decide on a gender for him . 
  miss conchita and literally 5 seconds later he called him mr. conchita . 
  it 's a toss up between you and russia, 
  and conchita goodness was she desperate to stay relevant . 
  i have no fucking clue who suzy is though . 
  and he buys ivory from illegal poaching for it , yes . 
  everyone sticked around just for tania from estonia . 
  suzy is back , we put her silicone back on . 
  sweden won , without pulling the big guns in norway . 
  nah , too touchy-feelie in my opinion . 
  of course , moldova came to the rescue but for sure deserved more than low mid table . 
  the iceland lady sure does n't skip arm day . 
  would n't it be hilarious if russia just voted for itself even if they could n't ? 
  for a moment i almost lost my shit !, 
  swamp germans stronk and independent, 
  it 's hilarious how tepid the russian cheers are . 
  hey , she said she 's from russia not transylvania . 
  damn it georgia , suzy did n't die for this, 
  avicii will save us !, 
  if uk votes for romania , i 'll laugh my ass off . 
  macedonia keeping their borders well, 
  unbelievable , not even austria voted for germany . 
  if germany does n't get points from austria , that entire hitler thing will never be forgiven . 
  gib back olivenca and suzy , spain !, 
  as someone else put it , you 're potato bros, 
  putin would do such dirty things to conchita, 
  thank you , australian yoko ono . 
  conchita blending in with the russians , got ta get on their good side for next years lynching on the red square . 
  what the fuck germany what is this you unleash, 
  australian bruno mars happy with sweden lady . 
  that dude has leprechaun ears, 
  this dude looks like he gets a lot of spinach stuck between his teeth . 
  i fucking swear i saw this dude before . 
  this is just the belorussian dude with a wig . 
  moldova , you tease . 
  you totally want the d. . . eclaration of greater romania . 
  albania guy , what the flying fuck are you wearing ? 
  belarus voting for russia ?!, 
  somebody hold me history in the making, 
  suzy representing portugal , we ` forgot ' to pay the bills for the internet . 
  finland voting for russia ? 
  the bdsm community seems to be alive and well in montenegro . 
  whoever wins , the biggest winner will be serbia 's caterer . 
  hey kid . 
  kid . 
  what the fuck are you doing ? 
  you 're not old enough to untie your tie like that . 
  who do you think you are ? 
  conchita looks like a character out of little britain, 
  i wonder if conchita uses gillete or veet . 
  that one bearded lady, 
  all interest lost . 
  thank goodness for recaps , i 've been hearing great things about a german ass and i need to decide for myself . 
  i swear i saw ozzy on the drums, 
  this fucking thing even sounds like the lullaby song !, 
  thanks , dude with a flute . 
  i was watching this with my girlfriend and this fucker managed to finally put her to sleep . 
  dude 's got some serious african face going on . 
  from the producers of ` cats ' , azerbaijan presents ` dogs ', 
  mostly because i live in bucharest , my girlfriend and her family are from around . 
  but moldavians ? 
  forget it, 
  georgia went full on vampire . 
  romania 's not gon na be happy about this . 
  oh definitely , i 've actually seen him live before . 
  no idea where he 's from , but anything except southern romania and i do n't understand . 
  france always sings in french . 
  i ca n't name one popular french pop song in english . 
  dude ... seriously ? 
  you 're the one with the slavic language . 
  has anyone told james may about this ? 
  that 's pretty ludicrous cheap for an actually pretty good car . 
  lord , such a crackpot post, 
  damn , really ? 
  i do n't even think they 're that cheap in romania . 
  vw/seat must be pretty pissed they 're losing this market to renault/dacia , although i do think they have more quality . 
  that 's embarassing , i always thought it was auto but that does n't make any sense !, 
  haha my bad, 
   even in eastern europe ( even bulgaria and romania , where everything is dirt cheap lol , no . 
  i live in romania , and trust me when i say the only ` cheap ' compared to portugal is rent . 
  i pay 380 $ for a 70 m2 apartment in the best central region of town , and it 's furnished . 
  in portugal , i 'd pay double and unfurnished . 
  in general , real estate is much fairer here but i wonder how long . 
  bills are also around 50 $ lower , electricity is really cheap and so is internet which accounts for the most difference . 
  typically , bills for a same sized apartment are 150 $ monthly and here i pay about 100 and something . 
  restaurants ? 
  i already pay around 10 to 15 $ a person here in a moderately good restaurant , supermarkets are give or take the same , gas is more expensive , although getting a car is cheaper they often have way more kms on the odometer . 
  a beer in portugal sets me back 1 $ , and here it 's almost double . 
  you can find a daily office menu for 5 $ , and here it ranges from 10 to 25 lei typically so it is cheaper . 
  before taxes , my salary is 1700 $ or so but keep in mind governmental taxes are scandinavian level here , you get to keep about half . 
  so far , transportation is pretty fair as well with a 10 $ monthly pass for the metro as in portugal they force you to buy a city wide but not covering outskirts monthly pass ( bus , metro ) for 35 $ . 
  again , these things are explained by the heavy taxation though . 
  before taxes in portugal , i used to make less than what i make liquid now . 
  portugal is * really * ** really ** bad .
