honestly , i love my native lisbon . 
  it 's beautiful , well kept , good food and drinks plus decent night life , and great places to visit not very far away . 
  the climate is moderate , it 's not even that hot , but it 's * sunny * . 
  it 's so very sunny . 
  there 's nothing like walking through the city during a sunny lazy weekend . 
  i 'm not there right now , but i 'd like to go back and settle living by estoril or cascais . 
  i 've traveled my share but i 've always found myself coming back to that small charming town . 
  i 'd love to visit dubovnik croatia , slovenia , san sebastian in spain , the grassy hills of scotland and ireland , and sardinia, 
  take it as a portuguese living in romania , account for a bit more ( lisbon x bucharest , i would say the difference is around 10-20 % ) but it 's still one of the cheapest cities in europe and without a doubt the most charming . 
  real estate is way over priced though , expect for a 2 or 3 room 500-800 $ rent . 
  supermarkets are basically the same prices you 'd encounter in mega image , but food is a bit more pricey . 
  entertainment is cheaper when it comes to clubs and drinks but more expensive for movies , etc. 
  bills are also a big difference , internet and tv are minimum 35-40 $ a month , utilities run about for 50-100 $ a month , mobile depending on your plan but the average is 10 $ . 
  i 'd say bills , rent , gas , food grand totals to about - 100 +600 +50 +300 = 1000 to 1500 $ monthly for a regular living . 
  other cities are cheaper , except algarve . 
  aveiro is pretty cool , but you might get kind of bored . 
  hahahahahaha , no . 
  while poor infrastructure sadly exists i was rather impressed as i had low expectations . 
  the mountainside is pretty awesome , and the roads are n't half bad . 
  it sucks they have 2 or 3 lanes very rarely , maximum but it flows okay . 
  the transylvania region , apart from the sea-side , is the most touristy so it 's actually pretty cool and well kept . 
  i loved visiting brasov , and the tourist trap over at bran is not even half bad . 
  you get to say you visited ` dracula 's castle ' . 
  oh , there 's a really awesome haunted house nearby the castle . 
  it 's a pretty fun country , if you have a car and spare income . 
  just do n't stay in bucharest . 
  bucharest i 'm convinced is one of the most boring cities on earth . 
  the national art museum is cool , the parks are awesome , the clubs are great , but apart from that pack your shit and * go * . 
  my ass it 's not , chile has a better economy than russia and most european countries . 
  brazil is on the hunt for a lot of engineers especially for aeronautical , energy , oil , and civil . 
  but i 'm very unsure on how 's the job market there , i have a friend who 's an architect and new architects have issues finding jobs . 
  which is weird , since they have a booming construction industry going . 
  you sound like the worst kind of person . 
  i do n't even know where the fuck you can speed up to 140 in bulgaria , when i went the roads were full of trucks in one lane roads , multiple 50km/h traps , potholes ... 
  you pay your taxes , speak the language and vote in our elections you 're portuguese for all i care . 
  why should the color of your skin matter ? 
  who gives a shit anyway ? 
  is this really that big of a problem , really ? 
  if europe ca n't take any more people then by all means reach a eu referendum consensus and shut the borders . 
  i have no desire to even look at numbers , because every fucking stormfronter here is freaking out that danes are taking in 10k syrians . 
  boo oohhh uuuhhhh , i am the ghost of immigrant past . 
  i am going to take in less than 0.10 % of our population . 
  fear me . 
  whatever man . 
  have a good day . 
  sorry you misunderstood , but it was n't really aimed at you  reddit just * loves * to validate itself . 
  i remember those ridiculous threads from the black lives matter protests or whatever , obviously fake accounts saying `` i as a black man feel appalled that these black people are protesting a mr. white senator that reddit likes '' . 
  or the ever popular `` as a gay man , let me tell you why homosexuality displays are wrong '', 
  no reason . 
  just a whole bunch of racists . 
  seriously , stop by lisbon any time soon and dare to touch the subject of colors and nationality . 
  granted we can be racist but a black skinned person is as portuguese as a white skinned one , and that 's something no one will argue with you . 
  i 'll even throw in a hunch that we absolutely do not care about the color of your skin to consider you part of our country . 
  i have not seen one politician or anyone at all entertain the thought `` say , you know what 's really a problem ? 
  not enough white people . '', 
  living in central/east europe i was yearning to get back home to see different people and cultures . 
  i finally reached the conclusion i do n't need this sort of negativity and i 'm just going to unsubscribe from / r/europe ( an ), 
  kind of like the `` i , as a black man ... '' comments . 
  to be fair from my time here romania attracts a lot of foreign it talent and they keep their engineers . 
  i believe medical and service people leave at their first chance because they do n't feel appreciated salary wise , something that will change over time . 
  reddit loves its sensationalist ` they are different than us ' racist , xenophobe rhetoric . 
  it 's like they grew up with racist parents in an increasingly acceptive society but decided to rage against the machine for pops fear of niegroesz . 
  romanians earn similar wages in comparison to my considered western europe country , which also makes shit wages compared to any of those . 
  or did portugal pack up the territory and move to alaska ? 
  you 're being pedantic and snarky for sake of ego trips anyway , so good day . 
  you 're on / r/europe mate , there 's nothing you can do . 
  i am positive i have never encountered as much racism in my life as i have encountered in reddit and this subreddit in general . 
  well , it 's kind of a shitty thing we say that does n't make a lot of sense i just realised but asyx explained what i mean . 
  well duh . 
  compare pretty much anyone elses salaries to the uk and you have a bad time . 
  no romania is not shit . 
  maybe it 's just because i also come from a shit country that is not germany or france but i 've just been back home in portugal and returned to romania and what i saw was a nation of great infrastructure , no jobs , 600 euro fifty square meter apartments and medium wages of 800 euros . 
  i 've had a raise 3 times in less than a year in romania and almost doubled my salary . 
  i see this a lot in portuguese and romanians . 
  pull your head out of your asses and stop being nitwits , your country is not germany big fucking woop . 
  criticize with your wallet and taxes , if you do n't like it by all means move abroad . 
  but saying romania is worse than a very poor middle eastern country ? 
  mate half the portuguese gdp comes from our atm system , how would you feel ? 
  hey , western european here . 
  lol , despite much better infrastructure wages in the east are pretty comparable for the young and educated if not higher . 
  at least in the it sector between portugal and romania i make more money in the latter . 
  could you be any more stormfronty, 
  bitch , i come from portugal and i sweat more this summer in romania than ever in my life . 
  it 's a country of extremes . 
  and even the winters are bearable , they 're way colder in portugal because of the cutting cold wind and rain . 
  here it gets 20 degrees colder but it pretty much is a dry cold and decently bearable . 
  there 's a syrian guy that runs a non-stop on the ground floor of my building and he does n't seem to have a problem with the cold as he 's been here 25 years . 
  when i went to veliko , all the cats were huge and not really strays either but some sort of breed . 
  that sounds super kickass, 
  i thought i was crazy , but it 's true !, 
  there 's so many cats in bulgaria , what gives ? 
  are they some sort of figure or charm ? 
  i 've been to timisoara and met people from there , seemed like a pretty straight up place . 
  that 's pretty shocking . 
   yet with all this we still have cities which are run by organised crime that is virtually untouchable . 
  until those high end groups are being targeted there is a long way to go . 
  are you trying to scare away tourism or ... ? 
  never in my short 1 year stay here have i heard about such tremendous bullshit , and i 've been around . 
  lisbon is super safe , this to say i 'd rather walk around at night in bucharest . 
  you got it all wrong , a bloke named yarr is my password .
