  you 're only going to justify peoples decisions to leave with this sort of attitude . 
  do n't be so salty . 
  english is also used in other languages to accommodate non-english tourists . 
  e.g if a german goes to thailand chances are he will communicate with people in english a lot more than german/thai . 
  you 've linked to 2 articles saying the empire is bad and how brits do n't want it . 
  again , show me an article where brits are saying we ca n't wait for the empire to come back etc. 
  or alternatively , non-brits could just stop bringing up the empire when 99 % of brits could not care less about it . 
  can you source me some news articles that mention the empire coming back etc ? 
  i 'm genuinely interested as i have not seen these, 
  but i do n't understand . 
  what does this have to do with chemical weapons being used in syria ? 
  i am for prevention of war crimes full stop . 
  whether syria or elsewhere . 
  i have not said anything about toppling regimes . 
  i said we should prevent war crimes . 
  why are you talking about iraq ? 
  this is about chemical weapons being used on civilians in syria . 
  102 chemical weapons attacks have been reported in syria . 
  how many of those have occurred in government held areas ? 
  here 's a hint , it 's less than 1 . 
  so unless you believe rebels are using chemical weapons on themselves then let 's be realistic . 
  who are the warmongers ? 
  the ones who think war crimes should not be tolerated ? 
  no one in here has called for war . 
  people said they have agreed with this strike eliminating potential weapons of mass destruction from being used on the civilian populace . 
  did anyone ever say it did ? 
  this thread is about chemical weapons attacks in syria . 
  british people do not care about the empire . 
  stop obsessing over it . 
  you are comparing one thing which has not been relevant for decades vs other chemical attacks which happened as recently as november ... 
   you did have it did n't you ? 
  i 'm not obsessed , but really , nobody would care about what the british government thought if they were n't ruling a country that got rich from imperialism ... we did . . but why is it relevant to the topic at hand ? 
  for some reason `` the empire '' seems to get brought up by non-brits regularly on any uk thread . 
  it 's very odd . 
  a lot of country did bad things in the past . 
  let it go . 
   can you please share with us that proof that it was the syrians that used weapons of mass destruction ? 
  i like to look at proof before starting a war ... but i 'm just a sucker on the internet . 
  so you believe in the 2013 ghouta attacks that the rebels launched rockets at their own areas filled with sarin ? 
  you believe that the un and opcw lied in their august report that it was the government who used chlorine to attack talmanes and sarmin ? 
  you believe that the rebels performed a reported 102 chemical attacks - all on territories controlled by non-government ? 
  do you really believe that ? 
  you do n't think it 's odd how government areas are never the ones hit by sarin/chlorine/mustard gas ? 
  you think the rebels are just using them on themselves ? 
  why do non-brits obsess over the empire ? 
  for one i completely agree with his strike as well . 
  i 'm no fan of trump but at some point enforcement needs to be done on preventing war crimes . 
  hopefully this will stop use of chemical weapons in the future knowing that people wo n't just send angry letters . 
  what sort of response would you have preferred ? 
  an angry message ? 
  a frowning emoticon sent directly to assads inbox ? 
  i do n't mind the uk having to pay for commitments . 
  but i think saying they have to pay for future eu projects while receiving absolutely zero of the assets is a bit much . 
  they can easily just cancel the projects that they ca n't afford . 
  in addition i imagine some of these projects are in the uk . 
  does this mean those projects should also continue once the uk leaves the eu if they 're are such an important commitment . 
  i did n't think that was how it worked though . 
  does n't a project for example a bridge get paid for by the eu budget , not directly by states ? 
  therefore i imagine the agreements that have been made are for the eu budget to pay for x , y , and z over the next years . 
  the uk agreed that the eu budget would pay for those things and then separately the uk agrees to pay amount a into the eu budget . 
  is that not how it works ? 
  i have no idea truthfully . 
  my thinking would then be that yes , there is a massive shortfall in the eu budget to pay for projects x , y , z but that the uk is not legally tied into these things as they just agreed to contribute amount a to the budget but that is obviously dependent on being an eu member . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that i did n't think it was country -  project but more like country -  eu -  project - the eu agreed to pay for the project , rather than the country directly contributing . 
  but just a question - is n't the eu budget / legal commitment only something applicable to eu members ? 
  surely upon leaving the eu then you are no longer bound by any eu commitments ? 
  agreed with your assessment . 
  i 'm just worried that everything that is not at all about brexit is suddenly becoming about brexit !, 
  this is about process that is tedious and has been for a long time . 
  there is no `` discriminating against eu nationals '', 
  i 'm confused by the situation . 
  my understanding is that eu citizens are having to follow the same citizenship process as everyone ? 
  is it different for eu nationals or something ? 
  moving to the uk is easy as anything . 
  this article looks specifically to be about citizenship would discrimination not imply differing standards to others ? 
   you got me wrong . 
  i was n't criticising the claim `` we gon na lead the world '' . 
  i was saying that leading the free world is not compatible with inward-looking . 
  to lead the world , you have to think globally , and may does not do that . 
  i think you 're confusing may with the brexiteers . 
  they are the ones who are not outward-looking . 
   which will be less beneficial to your economy than if you were part of the eu as your gdp is like 1/5 of it and you have less leverage . 
  and you have such a shortage of trade experts that you have to `` import '' them from eastern european countries in order to negotiate a post-brexit agreement with the eu potentially . 
  but you asked why leave the eu if you want free trade . 
  being able to negotiate unlimited free trade deals independently is the reasoning for that . 
  not saying it was the correct decision or wo n't have a harmful impact . 
  you can be a leader in `` free trade '' but still have a crappy economy . 
   in order to `` lead again '' you have to do what you once used to do when you used to lead : think globally i 'm so confused . 
  there was literally an entire load of people in this sub saying that the eu should lead the free world . 
  theresa mays says the same thing and suddenly its colonial empire britain . 
   then why leave the biggest single market the world has ever seen . 
  so we can negotiate our own free trade deals . 
   this is theresa may we 're talking about . 
  to be honest you 're right and i was just making a point . 
  saying you want to `` lead '' something does n't make take it over . 
  people in this sub were literally saying that eu should lead the free world less than a day ago now that trump is in - so you are saying that they actually want domination of the free world like ww2 ? 
  what does colonial britain have to do with it ? 
  i mean `` lead by example '' sort of thing . 
  maybe she means they can lead in free trade and human rights . 
  who knows ?
