  edit : i like how i get downvoted for not falling in line and going rabid on the uk, 
  i do n't think `` leading '' = dominating . 
  i think leading they mean being at the front of things . 
  like if you 're leading the technology race it does n't mean you 're conquering all other technology creators . 
  so what would you want ? 
  to ignore the result of referendum ? 
  to repeat it until an electoral majority has voted ? 
  ( which would unlikely happen as no one would bother to go after a few times ) you ca n't just instantly count everyone who did n't bother to vote as voting remain . 
  you have to assume they did not care about the result . 
  they are neither remain or leave . 
  they are neutral on the matter . 
  you ca n't suddenly bring people who did n't bother to vote into the equation . 
  the referendum was planned well in advance . 
  people were aware of the conditions and what the result would mean . 
  a non-vote is not a vote for remain . 
  when you say `` natural law '' - can you clarify which laws specifically you are referring to ? 
  just to clarify your point - the electorate was 45,000,000 . 
  only 13,200,000 voted to remain . 
  31,800,000 did not !, 
  70.6 % to 29.4 % in favour of leaving . 
  so the population includes babys , toddlers and young children - are you saying we should give them a vote ? 
  surely by the logic of judging the vote count vs the population then every other election or referendum ever held is most likely also not want the people wanted . 
  also you make assumptions that people who did not bother to go vote would vote remain . 
   im not insulting americans , im calling them like the brits , but actually relevant . 
  so not european , not in the eu , but relevant . 
  what do you even mean by `` relevant '' ? 
  obviously the uk is very relevant right now if the eu is so up in arms about it leaving . 
   i will think negatively off a brit because of their nationality how very non-european of you . 
  discrimination based on nationality serves no one any good and is definitely not something the eu stands for or is based upon . 
   insult for years + betray a group of people = pissed off group of people you sound very petty and i hope that you one day come to realise that the uk will be a truly great friend to the eu . 
  but to be honest , when i look at two of the opt outs : the euro - this was the best opt out we did and i do n't think you 'd even find many europhiles in the uk who do n't believe this was a good decision schengen - based on the recent migrant crisis , again i think this was a great decision . 
  you ca n't really hold it against us for being smart and acting in the interests of the uk on these matter . 
   you guys are like the yanks , except that the yanks are actually relevant . 
  i think this is the 2nd time you 've repeated this phrase . 
  it adds nothing to the conversation and sounds like you 're also trying to indirectly insult our american friends . 
   when the union faced its first real problem you guys bailed on us and betrayed us . 
  you chose to kick the eu in the balls at his weakest moment and left the room . 
  while leaving you dare to be suprised why we are pissed . 
  this is n't quite true . 
  the reason the uk left was largely due to not wanting further integration . 
  the uk public does not want to further integrate with other european countries at any other level than trade . 
  plus the shambles that has been the euro was a major turning point for the uk i think in how to assess the direction that the eu is heading vs what the uk wanted . 
   go , and do n't expect us to smile while you 're visiting just remember that 48 % of us voted to remain . 
  do not become xenophobic and bigoted towards brits purely because of a democratically expressed wish of the population . 
   the uk , and not a global empire like many seem to think . 
  to be honest i only ever see non-brits bring up the empire . 
  no idea why but non-brits seem to be obsessed with it . 
  so basically yes - the uk is not unique in the opt out aspect . 
   he was right , although it took the brits 60 years to realize it . 
  then whats your issue ?!?!, 
  surely you should be happy the brits are leaving !, 
  the uk can still be great friends with the eu . 
  the eu started out as a trading bloc . 
  what it morphed into was not in the interests of the british public nor something they wanted . 
  i think you are letting your xenophobia shine through if you are going to be hostile towards people simply visiting your country because they are british . 
  that is an unfortunate stance to take . 
  but negotiations do n't take place until after article 50 is invoked . 
  so they will have no clue whether hard or soft brexit is coming . 
  they have to pass article 50 first then the negotiations occur . 
  following that they can vote on the deal that gets negotiated ( still likely a hard brexit ) and no deal at all ( hard brexit ) none of the possible options have soft brexit occurring anymore unfortunately . 
  is n't the rebate based on the fact the uk receives far less of eu budget for agriculture ? 
  do n't quite a few countries have opt outs ? 
  except the tories hold a majority and may would just whip the vote ... plus with all the `` standard requirements '' means basically eea/efta - the electorate who voted for leave would unfortunately have an uproar and again , political suicide for whichever party tries to do this, 
  yes but the parliament vote is on a deal or no deal at all . 
  neither include staying in the single market . 
  so the pound is still up based on this . 
  agreed . 
  but a rise is still a rise . 
  i think you are in the minority for that opinion . 
  you also contradict yourself . 
  you say that the uk inside the eu was terrible and brought nothing but instability - then surely you should be happy that the uk has chosen to leave ? 
  which was it you wanted - the uk in the eu as it was , or the uk outside the eu ? 
  correct . 
  but conservatives have a majority even without any other party . 
  labour i think would be foolish to vote against it . 
  i honestly do n't understand what you 're on about . 
  the uk as a country has decided it does n't want to be part of a union . 
  there 's nothing about `` fucking someone over '' . 
  they as a country have decided to make their own future and leave . 
  making decisions such as not purchasing british jam or w/e just seems petty . 
  that 's correct . 
  but i 'm not too sure on the second one winning . 
  the first one is likely to occur but any political party who votes no to triggering article 50 is going to commit political suicide to be honest . 
  which part ? 
  the backing out ? 
  well thankfully you are not a politician and from the looks of it you never will be . 
  ideally the politicians will see sense and not have peoples lives used as pawns for punitive punishments either way and everyone will be allowed to remain . 
  uk will not be going for a norway/swiss style agreement based on this announcement . 
  it is also unlikely to be treated like ukraine/turkey based on the size of it 's economy/military/diplomacy . 
  very possible that the position it has will be unique compared to any other european border countries . 
  not quite confusing it . 
  i meant selling to the single market where single market = the eu/eea . 
  being a member of the single market = eu/eea but you can still sell to the single market via wto rules or a trade agreement , correct . 
  everything about this post is hilarious, 
   let 's stop looking at 1 day trading events with high volatility products . 
  this entire sub literally could n't talk about anything else the morning the vote result was announced ... 
  the eu is not europe . 
  you may be full of hatred right now but in time the wounds will heal and you will see the uk for the friendly neighbor that it wishes to be . 
  you also confuse us with our media . 
  our media may take hostile approaches to the eu but in the end when has the media ever been truly a force for good .
