what does antwerp have to do with the netherlands never leaving the eu ? 
  well it should n't complicate your life too much . 
  i think there will be a system that will allow for you to remain without too much hassle . 
  probably some sort of extended visa . 
  i think the eu drivers license will still be retained for use in the uk and the eu roaming/data fees are a minimal issue !, 
  ease of travel may reduce though . 
  i know that some laws and regulations are to be standardized so trade can flow freely but it is becoming too much . 
  regulation after regulation flows through to us and we are being dictated too on issues that we do not agree with . 
  we are not a state of the uk , i agree , but i think that culturally we are much more similar than the us and should be focusing our efforts on more of a global arrangement while maintaining our independence . 
  the eu is being held back by us and should be allow to go forward with their end goals of closer integration . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong but is n't the uk the eu 's second largest trading partner in terms of balance of trade if it were a non-eu member ? 
  how is this small in comparison to reus trade partners ? 
  if we left we 'd be the # 1 export market for the eu . 
  how do you think that is not massive ? 
  no i agree but common sense should prevail in the event of the uk deciding to go it alone and a free trade agreement is the most likely outcome to benefit all parties . 
  sorry - i thought libya was initiated by mass protests and citizens rising up - can you please point me to where the boots were on the ground ? 
  the alternative was to simply let gaddafi slaughter all those who rose up against him which appears to be what you supported . 
  sorry - can you tell me how the oil in libya is linked to the bombing campaign ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  agreed - germany would have rather watched gaddafi slaughter his own people . 
  except the spanish government , apparently . 
  no but they did as they said and provided a referendum . 
  they had nothing to gain from it and much to lose so it 's hard to say it was n't done in the interests of democracy . 
  you are clearly not bitter at all . 
  north korea has expats ? 
  i think currently its going to be a hard sell now for further economic integration as the mindset in the uk will now be a `` i told you so ! '', 
  in regards to the euro . 
  but i really do believe that the uk should step up now . 
  france has been far too quiet this past year and germany needs to take some time out to keep a few members happy i would n't doubt . 
  i think many however feel the rest of europe does n't like us  just to clarify , i totally agree with germanys position on austerity and reform within greece and their hard line approach . 
  ( maybe an unpopular one ! ), 
  i look forward to the new uk-germany alliance . 
  it needs to be our time to shine now !, 
  okay but what about the systematic culture of simply refusing to pay taxes for example during times of elections ? 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/12/eurozone-greece-janbudget-idusl5n0vm4ik20150212 `` feb 12 ( reuters ) - greece 's tax revenues slumped 23 percent below target in january as citizens held off on paying taxes before a snap election , marking a setback for the new left-wing government as it seeks a deal with european partners to avert a financial crisis . '', 
  this is the sort of thing that needs to be reformed . 
  this is not something that you will find in these countries you are using as a comparison . 
  people do not simply stop paying taxes because they feel they will get away with it under a new government . 
  `` greece 's informal economy , where little in the way of taxes is paid , is about 25 % -30 % of gdp , according to the best guess of economists who study it . '', 
  surely 25-30 % of gdp is n't just a small amount of money ? 
  okay then what i meant , is that they could just take the debt repayments , then refuse the reforms . 
  this was my exact thought . 
  they could just vote for some lunatic party who campaigns on a mandate that they will keep the cash , not implement any reforms and roll back the current ones . 
  wikipedia has sources at the bottom of each page ... a whole list of them . 
  there is a massive wiki article about it . 
  but is n't tax evasion rampant ? 
  no one actually pays these theoretical taxes as far as i am aware, 
  is n't there no basis for leaving the euro without leaving the eu also ? 
  i thought both were hand in hand unless you had a specific exemption . 
  any attempts to say otherwise would require treaty change which is what cameron wants . 
  then why are greek banks kept alive ? 
  why do n't we just allow the weak banks to die out and be replaced by international competitors that are stronger financially ? 
  but surely savings would for certain be transferred elsewhere ? 
  i can imagine running costs and day-to-day money being stored in a greek bank but any large deposits that are gaining interest would surely just move elsewhere ? 
  but la liga really is only a 2 horse race and it makes the league boring as shit . 
  the revenue distribution is also heavily skewed in favour of rm and barca so severely just reinforces the lack of excitement . 
  i see hundreds of comments about `` punishing '' the uk if they leave . 
  i do n't think it 's so ludicrous . . 
  it sounds like something you are saying rather than something that is actually the truth though and you 're painting an entire population from the actions of a minority ? 
  but in terms of charting the course of this country in relation to the eu . 
  then if you have citizenship via any means then your opinion very much does count because you get a vote . 
  i 'm guessing because uk is still contributing to the eu budget . 
  do you believe that uk should be allowed to stop contributing in exchange for not inserting itself into decisions on how the budget is spent ? 
  are you stating that 's what you believe or are you trying to say that 's what is being said directly by brexit voters ? 
  not at all . 
  i think however that it is too early to make assumptions over the impact of brexit when it hasnt even occurred . 
  no it does n't . 
  brexit has n't happened yet ... 
   btw . 
  according to the oecd uk has the worst literacy level of developed countries . 
  wtf ? 
  source ?? 
  why do you keep bringing up the empire ? 
  people in this sub are obsessed with it also how the fuck did you turn am article about romanian growth into an anti brexit rant, 
  where did she say january ? 
  why are you bringing up hitler randomly ? 
  is n't russian a nationality rather than a race ? 
  but that issue is completely separate from the `` empire '' that you are all so obsessed with . 
  and you also sound like you 're basically extrapolating a few peoples opinions to an entire nation ? 
  do n't you see how wrong that is ? 
  just like the negative assumptions people have about all poles or romanians etc. 
  it 's a bad attitude to have and it encourages division . 
  the eu does need the uk just as much as the uk needs the eu . 
  maybe not in terms of trade but people here are fucking cheering for the destruction of the uk as revenge . 
  who the hell wants to be part of the sort of union that will try to cripple you if you leave . 
  that 's pure intimidation and something i 'd expect from much darker regimes . 
  in the end more reasonable heads will prevail and a reasonable trade deal will come out of it for both sides . 
  not a one sided deal towards the uk or towards the eu . 
  i would imagine that some sort of deal involving concessions from the eu on free movement and in exchange some sort of concessions involving services from the uk . 
  why is it only ever non-brits who bang on about the empire ? 
  can you please show me a single brexit supporter who mentions the empire since you `` hear it all the damn time '' . 
  i 'm a bremainer btw . 
  i 'm a remainer - but do people honestly expect people to have made up their minds on whether this is a good or bad thing within the first 5 hours of the result ? 
  also i recall plenty of non-brits in here who were very pro-brexit as they no longer wanted uk in the eu . 
  are these people now also happy ? 
  it 's a democratic decision . 
  let 's all work together to move forward . 
  `` forgiven '' ? 
  you seem to have an issue with the democratic decision of a country . 
  why not take the stance that it is the wishes of the people and that we should have an amicable departure and continue with a pleasant relationship between europe & the uk .
