  i respect your opinion but i do n't share it . 
  why do you want spain anyways ? 
  how well does it contribute to eu compared to other european union members ? 
  maybe it would not be good for spain but it would be good for each little autonomy . 
  and i am not hating spain , i 'm just discussing to know . 
  kind of , yeah . 
  spain has never been a whole country but a subjucation of various nationalities and identities . 
  a dead language is dead for ever . 
  an almost dead one is n't . 
  but irish is n't dead yet, 
  i believe latin has evolved into different languages . 
  maybe that 's why people do n't care to speak it . 
  he said new corrupt leaders took the place , they might 've not been dictators though . 
  thanks again for explaining it so well . 
  it 's interesting to see how this developed and i feel sorry for you guys having to bear with all these dictators . 
  it 's also a shame communism is seen as a bad thing although it 's understandable as the situation was as such . 
  i truly hope we , european countries as a whole , become advanced and progressive in hopes of forgetting about these times for good . 
  i see . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  if i may ask you once more : how badly did this guy portray communism ? 
  i imagine the idea behind the project was ok , but the execution since he was a dictator failed miserably leading to poverty and hunger thus portraying communism as bad for the nation . 
  i knew nothing about romania 's history . 
  so people adored him but they eventually killed him ? 
  i do n't quite understand . 
  computer generated . 
  what you see on movies and series with special effects . 
  i found [ this one ] ( https://youtu.be/-tebkikjptc ) which does sort of a build up until the last referenfum ( 9n ) . 
  from then until now we voted a new parliament , the president and some ministers had to go to a trial for the 9n and today starts the campaign for the last referendum of independence . 
  sorry , i did n't understand you . 
  / u/low _ discrepancy said that at barcelona there'a whole lot more people speaking spanish than catalan and i pointed out that it 's a culmination of where we were repressed the most and a place where a lot of immigrants came to . 
  and please do n't get me wrong as i have nothing against bilingualism or immigration , but there 's a balance of catalan and spanish that is n't there and it started back in 1714 when barcelona fell . 
  it is very important . 
  not because you and i were n't involved it becomes less meaningful . 
  spain annexionated us into their kingdom but we were never successfully integrated because we persisted . 
  they tried to erease our language and culture and we prevailed . 
  and this feeling of resistance has been felt since then . 
  we never stopped fighting for our rights and liberties and that took us to modern day societies . 
  we obviously evolved into a democracy as to be expected but our way of life , our way of seeing catalonia is very much different from what the spanish government sees . 
  and from what i can read from this thread the rest of the world too . 
  you should live here some time to understand what 's going on . 
  i 'm sorry to inform you that those battles defined who we . 
  if we had won then this discussion would n't exist . 
  if spain had exterminated us this discussion might of or might 've not existed . 
  you see that there is a relation ? 
  it helps us see the world in other ways . 
  i definetly did no suffer from it but i do empathize with the catalans who died on the behalf of their homes and their liberties . 
  history is if anything very important and relevant , does n't matter if it happened yesterday , 300 years ago or thousands of years ago . 
  how can you support someone who actively does try to * spanishize * us ? 
  your are contradicting yourself . 
  rajoy and his government would very gladly remove our culture , language and make us blindly worship their centralizing plans and the king who by the way lives above the spanish constitution . 
  i do n't see what point you are trying to make . 
  is it that you think history is irrelevant ? 
  i would understand wanting to be a part of spain if they treated us equally but they do n't . 
  people rallying on the streets in favour of being part of spain is literally asking `` please keep the injustice and disagreement going '' . 
  we are never going to agree on anything because spanish politics are such a joke and whoever defends it is either misinformed or does n't have their ethics and morals up to date with modern democracy . 
  that 's why i call them colonists , because they are n't thinking with clarity . 
  they do n't see the whole thing , they see what they want to see . 
  and with this i imply that i try to know everything that happens either if it 's good or not , wether i like it or not . 
  it 's about not being an ignorant . 
  i 'm not blaming other regions . 
  i wish the best for them ( there are other independentists movements all over spain ) . 
  when i blame spain i blame their government , every backwards thinking spaniard who adores franco , all those who hate catalonia because we do n't want to be with them and i blame the imaginary idea of spain , it does not exist . 
  spain in a badly organized nation of small nations . 
  who do you thing it is to blame for this ? 
  barcelona was the last city to be sieged back in 1714 , held a whole year and when the massacre could n't be held anymore , and eventually lost , they build a big castle ( known as la ciutadella ) over a whole neighbourhood to throw bombs at us every time we started being too rebellious . 
  talking in catalan at the street ? 
  beaten and imprisoned . 
  go further in history when franco won the war bombing the hell out of barcelona and other catalan cities . 
  you better speak in spanish if you do n't want to be beaten over again . 
  and many more times it has happened ... 
  i totally understand people living here not being identified as a catalan . 
  i wans ' t trying to say that these people are immigrants . 
  the unionists to me are simply colonists . 
  the thing that happened at the born was to be expected . 
  who dares to put a statue of franco where lie most of the memories of 1714 ... 
  these are the ones who do n't speak catalan , do n't know how to write in catalan properly and would prefer spanish over catalan any time on anything ( school , public service , etc. ), 
  just because . 
  i love the eu but spanish government is nothing like other members states . 
  if spain has to do something that goes against the eu to prevent us from being free , they will do it . 
  but everyone seems to see spain as something normal because `` it 's always been there '' . 
  spain is what the eu would be if everybody was forced in it via brute force and weapons , but since that was roughly 300 years ago nobody remembers . 
  i 've been harassed online for talking in catalan , i 've been harassed at the metro at barcelona for wearing a t-shit that said `` visca la terra '' ( which means something like long live our territory ) and i strongly identify myself as a catalan because of how many years we 've been repressed . 
  catalonia means freedom to me , it means getting back what was ours and leaving behind the shithole that is known as spain . 
  over the years catalans have suffered the imposition of spain and neglected us as a nation . 
  a lot of catalans died over the years including one of our presidents and more than one massacre . 
  yet we should be thankful for nothing ? 
  for rejecting every progressive law we need ? 
  for treating us like shit when we talk in our native tong in our own country ? 
  for the fear of being prosecuted again and again for simply being us ? 
  did you know that partido popular which has been ruling spain for several years now was funded by a high rank member of franco 's dictatorship , and that the transition to democracy was made by a francoist who did n't give a shit about us too . 
  there are wounds from the civil war that have n't been fixed and we ought to do it ourselves because the spanish government does n't give a shit . 
  i do n't want to hear more stories from elders saying how they had to be taught catalan in secret because they could go to prison . 
  i do n't want to be asked what says in my national id because i do n't identify with any of it . 
  i do n't want to live in this fake country anymore . 
  by the way : [ here 's some photo 's of today 's protesters promoting fascism . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/x5ijw ) we could wave spanish fascists flags at our town halls and nobody would bat and eye . 
  wave some esteladas and everybody loses their minds . 
  wave these fascist flags over at germany and you face jail time . 
  what do you have to say now about your so beloved european union spain , / r/europe ? 
  too much of a hateful speech ?
