sure, 
  it is bad explained but if you look for motives for a change there are plenty in this same thread . 
  well not exactly since there were kids who will not be able to vote . 
  it 's been like this since medieval times . 
  we 'll figure something out . 
  / r/eu4 is leaking really hard in this thread, 
  i was n't expecting this here and i ca n't decide whether i like it or not . 
  well said brother, 
  why not ? 
  edit : do you guys realise i ask to know and not to annoy ? 
  second time i get downvoted for asking why . 
  i might just stop from now on and assume any shit that comes out of my head . 
  obviously that 's what you want . 
  edit 2 : thanks for the responses . 
  oh , then i think napoleon was n't fascist either . 
  yes , they did, 
  [ we kicked jews out of catalonia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alhambra_decree ) that same year apparently . 
  sorry about that jews !, 
  looks like some spaniard disliked your post . 
  i agree with you . 
  the fall of our nation is probably the most important part of it . 
  i 'm quite glad to consider myself a catalan 300 years after these events took place . 
  i 'd also like to point out that when maci\u00e0 declared the independent catalan republic it could 've turned out very well . 
  sadly it only worked on for two or three days :(, 
  i hope we do it right when we build our country . 
  einstein said something about the human being which would come handy here ... 
  we can . 
  til, 
  i do n't remember the last time i laughed so hard in reddit . 
  this is gold . 
  we used to be a country . 
  actually that was [ only 300 years ago ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalonia#history ) even though catalonia has been a lot of things . 
  we 've actually independenced two or three times . 
  we also tried to independence via [ invading ourselfs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estat_catal\u00e0#history ) and we fought the arabs . 
  free culture  edit : culdesac actually means something here , in catalan . 
  `` cul '' is butt , `` de '' is the and `` sac '' can be translated as bag . 
  it means dead end . 
  this will be interesting . 
  ca n't wait to see polonia this thursday !, 
  you 're not wrong . 
  i did n't know the existance of this news agency !, 
  i love opera . 
  this is interesting . 
  too soon, 
  i try not to look bad at them , i 'm ( and more people from around here ) just not used to them . 
  even though i feel tolerant about new ideas , seeing two guys kissing seems weird and it feels wrong . 
  and i do know and realise there is nothing wrong about it . 
  i still need to see and figure out a lot of things , make up new ideas , etc. 
  we are far beyond the scope of this question haha, 
  such bad luck : /, 
  poor people :( edit : just read it , 42 spaniards ... 
  no way . 
  it flew from barcelona ? 
  damn . 
  how long will putin stay as president ? 
  and why do n't russians do shit about their leader ? 
  ugly women ? 
  * oh my god * ... at least the guy that said techonolgy as a favourite subject made me happy . 
  sad :(, 
  more or less . 
  people registered online and they pointed out the location they wanted . 
  according to the location you were told to wear a color or another . 
  you could also buy yourself the shirt with some cool logos . 
  damn that was the only year i was n't around the country . 
  though i 've been to all of the barcelona demonstrations . 
  that last photo is so beautiful . 
  i was there and i wish we get what we 've been fighting for so long . 
  stay strong brother !, 
  edit : looks like someone does n't like what we want and say . 
  catalonia is the only place where pp has n't ruled . 
  ciu has been a middle-ish party who negotiated with right wing parties ( the spanish goverment ) . 
  but yes , there are conservatives here although almost everyone i know is very open minded and left wing . 
  who would want to reunite with spain ? 
  edit : at least france is a republic . 
  i 'm starting to realise france might not be as different to spain as i used to think : both of them wants us gone . 
  i agree , people over there might not consider themselves catalans . 
  still , the death of a language is a [ great loss to human culture ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/today/hi/today/newsid_8311000/8311069.stm ) . 
   if you want to revive your culture , do it yourself . 
  that 's what the article is about . 
  what reasoning is this ? 
  they are both democratic countries . 
  gavinet !, 
  i 'd fight for catalonia . 
  i see it as a way to start a discussion because as you said these polls really mean nothing . 
  this sounds about right hahaha, 
  we should conquer navarra from merkelreich, 
  something something us elections, 
  what is \u00d6xit ? 
  we will probably bring them to this match anyways . 
  you can probably guess yourself . 
  there 's those who understand what 's going on ( but do n't necessarily need to be in favour of us ) . 
  there 's those who literally hate us and want us * to be * spain , which has never happened and wo n't happen . 
  and then you have people who really do n't care . 
  i guess there are pro-catalan castilians too . 
  just today some ultras broke into a catalan museum shouting `` viva espa\u00f1a '' and brought down the senyera ( which is the official flag of catalunya ) . 
  this is as far as people goes , not implying everyone is like this but it 's sad we can relate the spanish goverment to this kind of people . 
  true . 
  just catalans . 
  the spanish king does try to speak it fairly well . 
  i firmly believe spain has us catalans chained and that we would go on better us alone .
