  i see it pops up in a couple of papers and blogs , but there is no clear and good definition of this term . 
  replying therefore does n't add any value . 
  the only thing i can say is that every democracy should aim to a society without censorship . 
  i understand that it is within humans to do these sort of things , but we should always try to not let these things happen . 
  i really do n't care if the government allows censorship in other fields , we are talking about internet censorship by the uk government right now . 
  other field were censorship happens has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  but apparently you fail to see that . 
  there you are / u/tomazim . 
  you and / u/trucidator are the biggest voices in this thread against the eu . 
  you both fail to give good arguments against the eu . 
  and now you have failed in all your arguments , you go over on ad hominem respones . 
  my username has nothing to do with my views and the situation regarding internet censorship and the uk . 
  give a good argument on why the uk porn filter law is n't illegal and is n't censorship and i might listen . 
  your view of the world is delusional . 
  introducing a porn filter is censorship , if you like it or not . 
  maybe try to educate yourself and read a thing or two before starting a discussion on reddit . 
  although i think you wo n't be doing this , ukip voters are not well known for their intelligence . 
  you keep responding with the same answer to anyone in this thread . 
  an opt-in/opt-out porn filter is censorship . 
  maybe not very big or impactful , but it is censorship . 
  therefore the uk ca n't just make up laws and enforce them in the uk . 
  i do n't understand why you have such a hard time accepting this . 
  again , what the uk does with the porn filter is censorship . 
  according to eu law , you can not censorship the internet . 
  hence , the law from the uk government is illegal . 
  what you keep telling , is that you want more democracy closer to the people , instead of all the way in brussels . 
  i understand your point and i think this is a worth a discussion , but it is out of scope of this discussion regarding the porn filter and internet censorship . 
  you ca n't make little changes and laws and then say that it is not real censorship and give the argument that decisions should be made closer to the people . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  as long as the uk is in the eu , you should abide by these rules . 
  there is not discussion possible . 
  why should it be a question for national governments ? 
  why should n't the matter of internet censorship be a european matter . 
  actually such a thing should be a global matter , but that is sadly impossible to achieve . 
  internet censorship is a huge issue nowadays and if the uk messes with it , it will recieve backslash . 
  even if it is only an opt-out porn filter . 
  i hope , for the intelect of the uk people , that you understand this . 
  civilized people think that certain aspects of life should be treated as universal rights . 
  apparantly the people in the uk qualify life less than other places , but we will try to make sure that basic human rights are implemented . 
  if your government is in the eu and you lack these rights , we implement them . 
  what do n't you understand from this ? 
  the uk chose ( idc if it 's the government or the people ) to be a part of the eu , now they have to deal with the rulings of the eu . 
  how delusional can you get . 
  let me guess , you vote ukip haha, 
  there is always a german to ruin your day . 
  or 4 years . 
  we should n't have colonized the usa and made your fucking country . 
   people work a lot harder than in europe i agreed with most of your comment but this is just insane . 
  how can you say this bullshit ? 
  lol american judging berlin without ever visiting it . 
  do i really need to remind you that it is the muricans that always say that they are superior to everyone else ? 
  we just respond to you retards . 
  lol your infrastructure , compared to europe , is a shit hole . 
   europeans always have a superiority complex ... 
  right  but ultimately speaking who 's the super power ? 
  who controls nato ? 
  hahahaha, 
  are you fucking kidding me ? 
   the point is that team sports bias the per capita count to lower population countries . 
  true but total amount leads to a bias for bigger populations . 
  which of the two are we choosing ? 
  but you can choose your athletes from a way bigger population . 
  your point only makes sense when eu medals  us participants . 
  which is clearly not the case . 
  you are trolling right ? 
  please tell me you are trolling , i will lose all hope in humanity if people actually think and believe that shit . 
  it was the best comeback and you know it brother . 
  well you are nazi 's . 
  ^ ( it was obviously about the stereotype that germans do n't have humour but if you want to go this way i 'm all aboard . ), 
  well , you know what they say about germans ... 
  fuck democracy then . 
  what is trolling about this ? 
  your education sucks apparently , do something about it . 
  who says i 'm not chill ? 
  because i used the words wtf dude ? 
  instead of saying chill , put your efforts in trying to improve your country 's education . 
  it sucks apparently . 
  well okay that is just sad . 
  if you do n't know a european flag as a european citizen , then your country 's education has failed . 
  do they have education in norway ? 
  you do n't know what the flag of the netherlands looks like wtf dude . 
  the graph is just wrong . 
  i 'm only 180 so i should be happier if the average is lower but you know , lets not ignore facts . 
  the data itself is not biased , even though the sample size is maybe too small . 
  there are multiple sets of data , data from different years , different age categories etc. 
  which are all unbiased by itself . 
  the problem is that * you choose * the data set where your country benefits the most from . 
  that is being biased . 
  dude you are just being dumb now . 
  you used the specific set of data which resulted in that the place where you are from has the highest average height for males . 
  when you use any other source , you would n't be the highest therefore you are biased . 
  but you are biased . 
  as i see from * your * graph that croatia has places where the average is 185 ? 
  that probably has nothing to do with your flair ... 
  what drugs are you on ? 
  and apparently you like a bigger divide between the poor and the rich . 
   history teaches us that every attempt to centralize europe has n't gone so well . 
  any sources ? 
  you mean ice hockey ? 
  lol linking a wikipedia page about him like i , as a dutch man , would n't know him .
