`` quality '', 
  thank you russia for killing 200 dutch people !, 
  you guys are awesome !, 
  people or groups with power , like mods , should always be open to be ridiculed or made fun off . 
  no matter how bad or how far , because if you censor that , those people and groups will gain power . 
  and you know what happens when people and/or groups gain power and you ca n't oppose their actions and opinion . 
  i hoped that a fellow dutchman would understand the importance of freedom of speech . 
  how would you like to defend militant muslims ? 
  ofcourse the majority of muslims are perfectly fine people . 
  no one is deniying that . 
  but if there are a few people , who are performing radical acts and they name themselves muslim , then they are muslim . 
  who decides that a person is a ` real ' muslim ? 
  if you call yourself a muslim , then you are a muslim . 
  why would anyone need to defend muslims or islam on this subreddit ? 
  english ? 
  to start , your last assumption is wrong . 
  furthermore you are trying to belittle me and europe and make more assumptions . 
  with arrogant brats i meant that when the uk should leave the eu we should end all trade treaties between us . 
  that is fair . 
  if you think otherwise you are an arrogant brat . 
  but good arguments bro !, 
  yeah because populism is obviously a better thing !, 
  which is n't very weird since if more countries decide to leave the eu , the eu will vanish . 
  therefore leaving the eu should be hard and unfavourable . 
  yeah absolutely man . 
  when it comes to gdp you would compare the uk to any other country and when it comes to gdp per capita you would compare england to any other country , that is the kind of person you are and that bus why you fail at comparisons . 
  sadly for you , nobody cares whether it is britain , uk or england . 
  the netherlands has a higher population density than the uk and that is the only thing that anybody is interested in . 
  except for the daily mail if course lol . 
  okay so only england is leaving the eu ? 
  or 3 countries at the same time ? 
  you fail so hard at comparisons . 
  why are you talking about england ? 
  if you want to compare england to the netherlands you should compare england to the randstad . 
  then the randstad has a higher population density . 
  use your brain . 
  obviously eu countries are going to restrict trade with the uk in some form , whether it harms us or not . 
  we have a union to have better trade deals and it does n't work if everyone leaves . 
  therefore i think we should definitely punish the uk if they leave the eu . 
  arrogant brats that think they can get all the benefits without helping and paying along . 
  hahaha anti eu is n't famous for populism of course hahaha, 
  that is not true . 
  statisticstimes.com/population/countries-by-population-density.php only an article from the dailymail with an estimation of 2015 . 
  where in a list they even say holland instead of the netherlands lol . 
  you are still comparing a flag to a roundel . 
  the highest * and * lowest point in europe . 
  cool article !, 
  20 days before i was born  . 
  one thing that really bothers me and a lot of dutch people about the germans , as a reason as to why we would `` hate '' germans , is that germans always speak german in the netherlands . 
  not only that , dutch people are expected to speak german in germany . 
  germans usually never try to speak english let alone dutch . 
  why is this you think ? 
  you are welcome / u/exuperius . 
  sadly this rivalty had to start with you germans massively killing us dutchmen ... 
  it ai n't much if it ai n't dutch, 
  nothing to do with the us ? 
  wow you are one delusional human being . 
  what did it say ? 
  yeah because you are nazis . 
  gay hating totalitarian state that shoots down civilian airplanes ? 
  no thank you . 
  i will never say that what is happening in syria is 100 % the fault of the us , but you ca n't deny the fact that the us started to destabilize the region in the middle east . 
  i am definitely not an expert in this field , but these actions and events are linked to each other in some way . 
  what i actually meant with my comment is that the us helped to destabilize the middle east and now everyone is fleeing to europe . 
  not even should the us have a feeling of duty to take in refugees , it has taken less than the netherlands while the netherlands has a population of 16 million and the us over 300 million . 
  plus the netherlands did next to nothing in the middle east compared to the us . 
  not really fair do you think ? 
  no i do not follow the ` herd mindset ' . 
  and no you do n't tell the truth , you think you know the truth , which makes it dangerous . 
  while you are eating fries with mayonnaise for the fifth day in a row in front of the television , you see on the news that there are more migrants are coming to the netherlands . 
  the only thing you can think about is that you believe that they will break the law if they are here . 
  which you fail to grasp is that these people just left their home , their country and possible have seen their families die in front of their eyes . 
  and you believe they come here to break the law instead of building up their lives again ? 
  how twisted is your mind ? 
  and yes , i do believe that people who vote for the ` pvv ' are dumb . 
  how in the world are you comparing the fall of communism to a stupid ignorant riots ? 
  the government said that the ultimate decision lies with the local government . 
  therefore , the people , whether they come in many or in few , the more they make noise , the less the probability is that these people will be placed there . 
  then you are wrong . 
  maybe your country can do * something * ? 
  you guys started all this ... edit : why do i get downvoted lol ? 
  did i miss a conspiracy theory where the us never invaded iraq and afghanistan ? 
  also , it was n't directed the americans but to the us government of course . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm not going to have a discussion who can not form a rational argument and have a rational discussion . 
  if you truly think that because there is censorship in some places , that therefore the porn filter is not real censorship or is not bad is an actual good argument , you are not being rational . 
  i 'm not going to try to get you to form rational arguments because that will take too much of my time . 
  have fun in the uk and try to educate yourself before you vote on anything , like i do . 
  good day sir . 
  i never said i allow censorship , where did you get that from ? 
  i only said that i do n't care that there is censorship in other areas . 
  you ca n't use that as an argument to be in favour of the porn filter . 
  with that logic you can reason everything , which is quite scary . 
  i hope you do n't really believe that . 
  i do n't understand why you repeated two of my sentences followed by ` nice on lad . ' . 
  both of my statements are correct . 
  censorship that is deemed necessary . 
  censorship is 99.9 % of the cases not necessary and really dangerous . 
  it may be the solution in just a few cases , but porn filters ? 
  where do you find people that think porn filters are deemed necessary for our/your way of life ? 
  what is mature democracy according to you ?
