  we will make the spanish pay the wall . 
  ahead of spain, 
  it is based in london so it might be a little biased . 
  then how come the us produces so much more co2 and waste ? 
  i just hope for the best for france . 
  macron seems to be handling the situation quite well . 
  germany anthem ( shortened edition ) / w lyrics, 
  so many russian-americans, 
  / r/europe is not the the ideal place to talk about americans . 
  morocco and iceland have way better soil than i thought . 
  that is definitely an ambition look towards the future . 
  i wish them well . 
  ca n't believe that i watched this . 
  actually found fascinanting and was wondering if other countries have something familiar . 
  it 's great to see the environment . 
  i should 've been studying . 
  what about hammond ? 
  isnt he a good leftie , too ? 
  obama ? 
  conquering is harder than colonizing . 
  and they were able to sustain that empire for hundreds of years . 
  is there a translation somewhere ? 
  i do n't share this views . 
  that movie makes me feel so happy . 
  well duh of course . 
  i feel dumb . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  when i was younger i used to view all his videos and found him great !, 
  what is the music at 1:50 anyone knows ? 
  obligatory comment, 
  kill them with rational behaviour . 
  estonia is one of the most atheist countries out there . 
   best quotes from famous people ** from europe ** it is full of american quotes !, 
  first their ambassador now their army choir . 
  this looks fishy . 
  that music starting at 0:06 with the camera zoom in and out made me laugh . 
  hahaha, 
  our is better . 
  doubt that , if angela merkel speaks again against the us the news will be flooded with corruption just like when dilma did it . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  blue and white was the colours of the monarchy, 
  / r/dota2, 
  i think its really unfair to say england has invaded portugal . 
  we were part of spain at the time . 
  they are supposed to say that . 
  would n't relate it directly with game of thrones, 
  people are treating the french army like it was the american one . 
  i do n't know why catalonia tries to make these referendums . 
  they will not be recognized by spain and if spain does n't recognize them they wo n't be able to join the eu or have any kind of support within it . 
  but why, 
  cereals or a toast with cheese and tea . 
  i like her . 
  and big eyebrows on girls is really hot . 
  but i am just saying ... 
  i 've seen british porn starts sexier than her . 
  its in georgia . 
  embassies do n't count as portugal territory . 
  portugal had one ? 
  portugal does n't do it and we are recovering . 
  putin wanted to isolate america all along . 
  [ this ] ( https://i.redditmedia.com/us34f7i75_ft2tdnlecjt4iumihubbqmrkitk8f_prc.png?w=215&amp;s=cc9101b86f18ee5217ab7e29c192bd00 ), 
  i am not against this . 
  but it looks like they are just trying to gather attention to themselves instead of to the victims . 
  i always hear that american barbecue is good but the only couple times i ate i disliked it . 
  the meat did n't feel and taste meaty enough and the crusts were unpleasant to eat . 
  because they gave us money . 
  we just misused it . 
  you will never take our chorizos alive !, 
  i have a friend who was born in portugal and all his educations , apart from 5 years in andorra , were in portugal and his parents are both from portugal . 
  but those 5 years in andorra were enough for him to think he is from catalonia and that he is being oppressed by the castillans . 
  i always try to say it like it is : you are portuguese . 
  but i think he now thinks portuguese people are oppressing catalonia too . 
  it is a strange sentiment i have towards him and i always wondered what the hell is going on in catalonia . 
  / r/portugal nice sub but sometimes annoying, 
  shame it 's a netflix series . 
  the ones i watched from them have always kept me down after such hype . 
  quinto imp\u00e9rio is starting !, 
  imagine england singing in spanish . 
  we survived the invasions and use still use it . 
  spains newspapers are horny . 
  gets nasty hmmm, 
  i sure would love to be a peasent in the medieval era !, 
  thought france had a better primary and industrial sector due to all the cosmetic and pharmaceutical things they export . 
  it 's good that the alabama neoconfederancy did n't damage any building . 
  because it 's against the law . 
  wait she said he had a tax-heaven in bahamas ? 
  even the 4chan post where that originated debunked the supposedly files leaked because it was very bad framed/photoshopped . 
  yeah that 's true haha, 
  good point by macron actually . 
  if she wants to stop terrorism why is she voting against the measures in discussion ? 
  i do n't understand what le pen is trying to say . 
  i barely see ford fiestas . 
  in what country are they so popular ? 
  what does that have to do with democracy ? 
  might be because you didnt follow the rules of the subreddit . 
  your account got banned 3 minutes ago because democracy ? 
  israel one is actually interesting . 
  considering russia was the first to help them and most of their habitants are russian of ancestry . 
  she asked for it ... and misused it it . 
  at least she did n't suck daddy 's dick to get where she is .
