  we had these : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/narva_culture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/corded_ware_culture maybe by germanic you implied the corder ware culture ? 
  which did spread across a huge portion of europe , including estonia and south finland . 
  edit : and by baltic i implied `` lived near the baltic sea '', 
  i imagine we were all one happy baltic family before indo-europeans came and settled in the south . 
  i 'd say it sounds very finic . 
  sounds like a drunk estonian trying to speak samogitian . 
  circle jerks are n't supposed to get literal . 
  it is an american thing ? 
  and people called us lithuanians weird for clapping after each flight . 
  that is what soviet immigrants who do n't want to take citizenship test have . 
  that is not what descendants from interwar russians have . 
  the last few posts in this thread were talking about interwar russians . 
   so why many of them have `` alien passport '' ? 
  come on . 
  other one 's happen in other languages too , more or less . 
  `` spit your chest '' though ? 
  have n't heard that one before . 
  baltic , fino-ugric , romanian ... 
  it 's somewhat of a shame that recent events make it look like the soviet stuff is the only thing we care about . 
  we definitely do n't . 
  at school ( finished half a decade ago ) we were more told about how much effort was payed towards securing our nation 's existance , not necessarily independence . 
  there was a lot more information about pre-ww2 poets , writers and whatnot in our school books than about guys from post-ww2 era . 
  simply because pre-ww2 was a lot more important . 
  before 19th century we did n't have a proper national identity , it properly formed during the romanticism era during which people were advocated to be lithuanian and to avoid acting like polish ( because , you know , polish influence was huge , it 's a huge part of our history ) . 
  19th century also saw the ban of our press , our fight against it ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanian_book_smugglers ) , etc. 
   but the soviet union after or before stalinism , while a generally unfree society , is not like nazi germany at all . 
  that 's very true , i agree that equating other periods with nazi germany is wrong . 
  but there is nothing to defend in those periods either . 
  it was literally oppression , something that should n't be celebrated . 
   the baltic identities are more a post soviet creation that something preserved from the pre 1945 past . 
  could you please expand on that ? 
  history did n't stop in the 19th century , yes . 
  it did n't stop in the 20th century either . 
  baltics try to move away from the eastern europe , might as well start acknowledge the slow change that 's happening ? 
  what about the rest of the countries , eh ? 
  swiss banks , legendary estonian alcohol . 
  it 's like a dream come true . 
   shaking a hand with a gay - 30 % risk to get infected . 
  you have a 5 minute window to say `` no homo '' after the event . 
  makes it a 0 % risk . 
  it 's not just estonia or other baltic countries that think like that . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/occupation_of_the_baltic_states usa did n't recognise incorporation during the whole lifetime of the soviet union . 
  applies only to the baltic states though . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fjywbcv_8e hahaha, 
  as a guy born and grown up here , i like both klaipeda and memel . 
  they are baltic words anyways and both existed for centuries . 
  or maybe lithuanians and latvians are simply attempting to play tic-tac-toe . 
  what if we are actually finno-ugrs who got settled by indo-europeans that came from the south . 
  i 'm from a country that was a target of a few of his `` jokes '' . 
  you finding it funny is just like standing behind a bully in school and laughing with him , trying to stay safe and lick his ass . 
  none of his calm interviews are relevant when the guy has encouraged rape and dropping nuclear bombs, 
  for everyones information , in uk biscuits of this style are called digestives . 
  yeah , talked to a friend from the nearby area . 
  he shut me up by sarcastically saying `` big deal '' . 
  it 's insane to leave them out . 
  [ my favourite of his ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=krwzsbnwes8 ), 
   antisocial lifestyle hey , we are n't that extreme - no planting bombs to stop parties . 
  we are only asocial . 
  are you saying there is no problem with malm\u00f6 being shit ? 
  and here i am , sitting in scotland , drinking tea ... 
  as a former student in uk , no ... 
  i was dissapointed here , there were far too many cases where lecturers did n't know shit they were talking about . 
  hey , to counter everyone saying that this is over-zealous , i support this `` keep it civil '' policy . 
  there are far more readers than writers between the subscribers , meaning a lot of ... `` passion '' in the comments ( reasonable or not ) does invisible influence on thousands of readers who then take it outside of the sub . 
  in reddit , this is the main spot for the whole europe , so that should be reflected with quality . 
  he has the highest rpm ( racist per minute ) word rate in the whole wide world . 
  yeah , we and latvians are the weird ones in this . 
  who knows why ... 
  it seems that some colors do n't match . 
  lithuania/latvia are colored brown while in the legend the explanation is marked with green color . 
   to prevent what happened in the baltics you mean ukraine ? 
   customers are going to get an empty phone , and will have to install their own os and their own additional software . 
  i 'd love that !, 
  doubt it , lithuania is a potato land . 
   the reason we only know about the holodomor in ukraine is because ukraine became independent and its archives got opened . 
  the event was actually known before the independence , except back then the government 's official position that it was a natural disaster . 
  do you really think people did n't notice millions disappearing ? 
  there are plenty historians who do n't depict it as an accident . 
  at the very least it 's a crime against humanity . 
  the final point from me is that you ca n't compare million deaths of one group against another . 
  it 's incomparable , both regimes were atrocious . 
  tbh i lived in scotland for 5 years and came back . 
  i 'm one of those who will help this country . 
   lithuania was piss poor before and after the soviets lithuania had higher gdp than poland and other neighbouring countries during the interwar . 
   and it 'll stay this way for foreseeable future . 
  that 's just childish and irrational to say . 
  there were plenty of massacres where people were tortured in the most horrible ways . 
  i know that by `` accidents '' you mean famines . 
  it 's not obvious if they were 100 % accidents so it 's very suspicious when you are saying that with zero doubt . 
  why is it you that draws it ? 
  all baltic states are further north than denmark . 
  the same is true for finland , yet nobody considers it that . 
  it 's actually roma people . 
  on what grounds do you doubt that statement ? 
  please do n't take someone else and project their behaviour on me or others here . 
  i have n't expressed anything but an objection to the fact that current lithuania is just samogitia . 
  that fact is often told by people who skew facts ( stuff like saying that lithuanians were a now extinct slavic tribe and samogitians stole all the glory ) . 
   today 's lithuania is former samogitia region nope . 
  today 's lithuania is [ lithuania proper ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuania_proper ) plus [ lithuania minor ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuania_minor ), 
  i do n't think everyone experiences it .
