  i think this is a common fallacy , if not completely then partially incorrect . 
  in europe , i would look at the murder rate by country . 
  lets say each country with a per capita rate below 2 per 100,000 is `` safer '' ( as an operational definition . 
  this would mean that the following european countries are safer : * liechtenstein * monaco * iceland * switzerland * san marino * slovenia * sweden * denmark * germany * luxembourg * poland * spain * austria ( g'day m'lady ) * czech republic * italy * netherlands * france * uk * croatia * ireland * portugal * serbia * andorra * bosnia herzegovina * macedonia * slovakia * bulgaria * romania * belgium * finland * greece * armenia * note norway comes in at 2.2 that said , the following us states are `` safer '' : * new hampshire * vermont ( feel the bern ) * iowa * mass. 
  * idaho * minnesota * utah * maine * note hawaii is 2.1 so , i think its fair to say that there are safer and less safe parts of both usa and eu . 
  yes , on the aggregate , europe is very much safer . 
  however the us is experiencing a massive drop in violent crime -- so much so that it is becoming hard for police forces to justify their military level budgets . 
  in addition , many of the violent crimes in the us are highly concentrated . 
  so if a european immigrant to the us were to settle in a `` safer '' state , or even a `` safer '' area of a city they would experience the same level of violence as their homeland ( not much ) . 
  coupled with the us 's strong economy and diverse opportunities in high skilled sectors , i foresee more europeans coming here -- especially if we adopt more social safety nets . 
  long post , i 'm sorry . 
  but i wanted to explain my logic . 
  papa o\u00f9 t ` es means dad where are you . 
  sooo the cover is meant as a belgian son asking where his dad is after he was blown up , obviously in reference to the recent events in brussels . 
  but considering how stromaes dad actually died , could be in bad taste . 
  but it is their free speach to say it . 
  in addition it could be seen in a much larger sense . 
  stromae ended up as a belgian because his father wanted his family away from his native rawanda due to violence . 
  where should people move their families if europe becomes too violent . 
  perhaps there will be more europeans coming to canada , usa , and australia, 
  is your democracy so fragile that you ca n't let them speak ? 
  for a comparison , washington dc has over 30 law enforcement and security organizations that have different and overlapping jurisdictions . 
  that 's in a district thats 177 square kilometers ( converted from the traditional freedom unit of measure for your convenience . ), 
  that is just another example of putin hurting russian business . 
  [ those potatoes and lemons were the basis for the entire russian battery industry . 
  how refreshing would it be if it 's leftist radicals ? 
  oh the good old days ... 
  i 've always wanted to ask why the nordics are not talking more about leaving and forming a more united nordic council . 
  you would have a population of 20 million , excellent state services , and a very educated and advanced economy . 
  i think if we are headed to a more multi-polar world , then why not an angloshpere , a nordic union , and a european union . 
  they all support liberal democratic ideals and would be strong allies , as well as interwoven defenses . 
  thoughts ? 
  is this being discussed at all by your people, 
  i 'm going to just assume that we 're not invited ... even though there are quite a few cities and jobs here that might interest members of this agreement . 
  agreed . 
  when i was in middle school , there were several kids that were so uncomfortable with reading that book aloud that they cried . 
  but i think coming to terms with that aspect of history is extremely important . 
  its not enough to say `` we are better now , we will exclude that portion due to our ` betterness ' . '', 
  we need to see that we are still just as capable of being ugly and cruel today , and to see that aspect of humanity in light of our ` betterness ' , as to prevent it returning . 
  its pretty easy to pick out the bad aspects of a country or culture . 
  i could sit here and list several things unique to turkey that i ca n't stand . 
  but i understand that a country and a culture is a large , complicated thing -- and over simplifying it is not really a good thing . 
  and come on , i 'm american , should n't i be the ignorant one ? 
  financial regulations . 
  they even get to opt out of some regulations in the eea . 
  fuck yeah , but i used to go between there and centralkonditoriet so that the workers would n't judge me for how regularly i would eat cake, 
  not saying i could n't find it , but if you compare the percentage that has negative opinions of it to other places , that also seems a little high ( pun ), 
  i studied in uppsala , something i could never understand was the swedish national approach to weed . 
  back home in colorado i could enjoy as a responsible adult , uppsala treated it like it ruined lives . 
  are you suggesting they let men interact with their property ?!, 
  another problem is that turkish and german are the same color , ca n't see if turkish is used at all in germany . 
  also , polish and german ; right next door makes it very confusing, 
  they then show up in germany , reintegrate with in incoming flow if migrants , claim a new name , and bobs your uncle a freshly minted refugee in germany ready to receive state assistance, 
  yeah , and you have no idea how great it is having one of the best cuisines in the world nest door . 
  mexican food and texmex is included on a list for why i moved back from sweden . 
  i think it 's important to consider that in america there exists a larger range of experience than in european countries in almost everything . 
  from wealth to education to healthcare to violence . 
  there are communities and individuals who have it better and worse than the average european , but part of me thinks that range is charming . 
  it 's like how we have more nobel prize winners and better universities than other countries , but we ca n't figure out how to reduce childhood poverty through social programs . 
  like how we can easily integrate first generation immigrants but ca n't deal with people living on lands we took from them , lands and populations we appropriated from mexico , or entire peoples we stole from africa ( albeit with the help of europeans . ), 
  every time you think of an ignorant american , think of an elon musk , an immigrant who now has a shit ton of patriotism for his new home . 
  two more points , bernie sanders for president !, 
  and the numbers about gdp being discussed and compared in this thread fail to talk about one huge point . 
  the eu gets to count all the trade between its members as exports for calculating gdp , the us does not get to count intermediate trades between states . 
  so we might put up 17 trillion , but if we used your method , it could be double that . 
  what are your thoughts on fundamental attribution bias . 
  could it be possible that you are attributing what you see to an internal aspect of americans and not their circumstances . 
  what are your thoughts on confirmation bias . 
  could it be possible that you entered those discussions already holding an opinion , only to have it anecdotally confirmed . 
  could it be possible that you have anti american attitudes because you are experiencing the cognitive dissonance of being nationalistic yet feeling inferior to a super power ? 
  might it be possible that the americans commenting that this headline is misleading are in fact correct ? 
  and if you accept that as a possibility , than would n't the statements you 've seen be the actions of a rational individual ? 
  but who is to say . 
  all i would ask is that you consider how little we all know before posting with such certainty that an entire population is experiencing mass psychological shortcomings . 
  one us president . 
  martin van buren spoke dutch as his first language , learning english later in life . 
  however , saying the `` mostly islam '' statement is ignornant negates any effect the religion has on those who follow it . 
  it literally means submission , and as such the era of moderate or secular muslim governments may be over . 
  in order to gain political power in such a system , one has to at least profess the strict values , just like republicans in america acting evangelical . 
  if someone were to return to levant and gain political power , they would present themselves as rejecting the liberal european values which provided refuge to their parents . 
  this situation will not be solved in this generation or the next . 
  it will continue until the middle east and northern africa progress towards a post religious society like the rest of us . 
  the amount described above includes more than the us 's allocation for european defense . 
  its their total military budget . 
  if you are asking why nato ? 
  then i would point towards eastern ukraine , as stronk leader has provided the world just cause for the ol' nato membership . 
  what is it with europe and colonization  i fundamentally agree . 
  however there are too many developmental hurdles that will have to be crossed before that is not only possible but realistic to talk about . 
  gdp of germany + gdp of france : $ 3.9 trillion + $ 2.8 trillion = $ 6.7 trillion gdp of usa : $ 18.7 trillion all things considered , the us should be paying more than double germany and france combined -- the us economy is almost 3 times the size . 
  when your prime minister is taken hostage because he tries to deport russians , you 'll be lucky if we let him crash on our ambassador 's couch . 
  at least until he tries to fly russians to svalbard -- because then we would totally poison him with nicotine . 
  thanks thorium . 
  this thread got really sexual . 
  getting off going hard full throttle the general shape of the scandinavian penisula, 
  please correct my ignorance if i have overlooked something . 
  but has the eu ever had to deal with a natural disaster or humanitarian emergency before ? 
  here in the states we get a town destroyed by a tornado almost every year , a major blizzard pretty much every year ( this year it froze 35,000 cows in texas ) , and a huricane that ruins some shit every 5-10 years . 
  because of that , i would like to think that we have a pretty good ability to respond to emergencies with food , water , medical ; and later funding and economics support and such . 
  if there was a major disaster in the eu would you guys even have food security ? 
  i have found my god,
