   warnig had apparently spied on dresdner bank ag in west germany before he began to work in the bank . 
   dresdner bank attempted to get a banking operating license in saint petersburg , where putin was now in charge of foreign economic relations . 
  warnig took part in negotiations . 
  the office was opened in 1991 . warnig became chairman of the board of directors of dresdner bank zao , dresdner bank russian subsidiary . 
  in 2004-05 , the bank advised on the controversial forced sale of yukosassets, 
   european armies are more than capable enough to handle any conceivable threat . 
  what about a russian invasion of finland ? 
  how would europe deal with that ? 
  a major influence on the energy security of the german and european people is a former secret police , buddy of putin , who got to where he is because of private spying on a german bank . 
  he is as close to a bond super villain as exists in our world . 
  lol japan showing up out of nowhere to hit the soft targets . 
  just saw shin godzilla last night by the way , best one ever i think . 
  the uk fears a situation similar to the us with nato . 
  the uk spends both the most in terms of military expenditure , and in terms of per capita spending in the eu . 
  the next nation is france , but per capita its about 750 to 600 euros per person per year . 
  the elephant in the room is that germany has drastically punched below its weight in terms of contributions to global security . 
  the uk did not like the idea of more obligations , when it would be the big spender . 
  the us loves the idea of a eu that actually pays the nato required amounts . 
  but they hate the idea of an eu trying to circumvent the [ structure of nato . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=likbntvoate ) pretty much , when nato was designed , it would always have a european face , but an american mind . 
  the secretary general would be the one to lead the council , a european politician . 
  the supreme allied commander in europe , nato 's military leader is an american officer , directly reporting to the president . 
  he is the man in charge of all us military forces in europe , as well as all nato . 
  the european nato states , have been called and i believe justly , `` almost formally an american protectorate . '', 
  the uk knew that even though they would be the biggest spender in an eu military , they could never negotiate the same level of control the us has in nato . 
  without that control , it is not in their best interest to pursue an eu military outside of nato . 
  what will be very interesting now is to watch as the germanification of europe intensifies . 
  disco fries here too , but i believe it all exists in the poutine family, 
  originating in canada , but common along the northern border of the us , your basic poutine is ( generally ) thick cut french fries with cheese curds covered in a beef based gravy . 
  basic poutine has evolved into two styles of sorts . 
  either fancy poutine . 
  which will include trendy food items or something to justify charging more . 
  [ like this example from detroit with braised pork belly , duck gravy , and a fried egg ] ( http://imgur.com/a/7wbsq ) or ethnically creative poutine . 
  [ like this example , also from detroit , which uses chicken tikka masala instead of gravy and paneer instead of cheese curds . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kwsjr ) source : fat american living on the border in detroit , expert at eating food . 
  make europe sexual again, 
  my name was picked randomly and does not reflect personally on me , u/showershitters says . 
  your right , if only there were large agriculture producers in north america , like the us and canada . 
  oh wait , there are !, 
  bilateral trade deals are much quicker . 
  i would contend that you can eat money , since we live in a system of exchange based upon money . 
  i do n't think that 's an absurd argument to make . 
  imports do not mean you are rich or have credit . 
  having a trade deficit means that you are dependent on workers in other countries that are more competive at their production . 
  the cause of that competitive advantage could be anything from cheaper energy , subsidies , cheaper labor due to poverty or too many workers or cheap currency . 
  if you wanted to make this argument , you should have stated that i assumed it would be okay to have less productive capital and workers within the uk than they currently have . 
  since some will have to be diverted to industry they currently import . 
  a classic point of free trade support . 
  but i would contend that this could developed a more broadly based economy . 
  lower unemployment , and with the pound losing value , make exports more viable . 
  if the pound decreases by 30 % and eu puts 25 % tarrif on imports , then guess what , uk exports just became more atractive to the eu . 
  i 'm going to be the fly in the ointment . 
  the most important information is in the last two lines . 
  the total amount of trade coming into the uk is more than they are exporting . 
  this means they have a trade deficit with the eu . 
  if that trade were eliminated ( not going to happen ) or reduced ( maybe , but there is one mechanic that can adjust to compensate increased costs in tarrif ) then the trade imbalance will actually shift towards the uks advantage . 
  in short , their workers are more harmed by having more imports than exports currently from the eu . 
  if those imports are removed , than domestic production must take over , increasing employment . 
  now , as for exports . 
  if the cost for eu countries to import uk goods increases due to tarrif , than they will look for alternatives . 
  however if that cost is offset by a reduction in value of the pound , well then uk goods are still competitive . 
  additionally , since the uk is a fair market economy , with full membership of the wto , the options the eu have to protect itself from it are limited . 
  have you heard the gospel of the hegemonic super power ? 
  we rule the world for your sins , out of love . 
  large scale layoffs in the country with one of the largest housing shortages . 
  on top of housing for refugees . 
  on top of a personal debt level that would suggest a mortgage bubble . 
  i wonder what will happen if more companies have layoffs ? 
  underwater mortgages ? 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2016/03/17/negative-rates-mean-sweden-risks-housing-bubble-moodys.html http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-02-03/the-swedish-housing-bubble-enigma-and-its-risk-implications https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w7mix708yao, 
  for us citizens , we 're allowed to join foreign militaries as long as they do not conflict with the us . 
  so the french foreign legion , and some finnish descendants go home and do their service there . 
  and many jewish us citizens do their service in israel ( i am not a fan of this one , due to their occupation of palestine and apartheid nature , i expect hate but this is parenthesis , and they are magic right ? ), 
  also , us veterans join the australian military for higher pay . 
  they need advanced skills like pilots , and it 's cheaper to hire a highly trained and experienced guy from a close ally then build one up from scratch . 
  there are two strong provisions to this general rule . 
  no terrorism . 
  no [ filibustering ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/filibuster_ ( military ) ) , in short there was a trend for a while in the 1800s for americans to raise private armies and try to take over a country or two , ussually in central america . 
  i believe there are some horsemen . 
  jk , i think a horn blows and then thor starts the party . 
  still butthurt about togoland . 
  mohamed luther king jr, 
  did n't realize americans ca n't be muslim . 
  the difference is that not all british royals have guards . 
  the saudis have hundreds of '' princes '' and `` princesses '' thousands of lesser royals . 
  if you add up all the armed saudi guards in europe , i wonder what the total would be . 
  if we 're talking an exchange of cuisine , we would want no less than italy and spain . 
  hey baby , that was n't all of us , that was texas . 
  real street tacos are the trend now . 
  and i 'm talking chorizo , carne asada , even lingua . 
  and send more tortas . 
  it 's like the second coming of sandwich jesus . 
  lol , scotch is n't even the best whiskey . 
  bourban is . 
  the best tequilas are as fine a liquor as anything . 
  yeah when i heard that i thought it was the most effective campaign promise ever . 
  then i realized it was a weird threat , then i was a little turned on . 
  then i fapped , then i napped . 
  after nap i read a little bit , and had some beer . 
  in hindsight it was a normal sunday .
