i 'm really digging the new name, 
  its like europe 's weather is n't even trying . 
  damn ... you kind of laid it all out there, 
  pssh i think you 're mistaken . 
  eurovision has a long history of opposing diversity , especially heteronormative ... 
  wait * oh my god * , they might hate eurovision for reasons besides the music being shit , these are monsters, 
  * declares monty python jokes dealing with the holy grail , knights , or crusaders as racist *, 
  you guys are discussing the concepts of positive and negative liberty in all but name . 
  http://plato.stanford.edu/entries/liberty-positive-negative/ isaiah berlin was a british philosopher who thought about this . 
  adam curtis has a series called the trap all about this . 
  also the power of nightmares, 
  i do n't think you can get in trouble for saying the truth . 
  the funniest thing i 've learn from watch have i got news for you recently is that you guys let a celebrity couple get an injunction so that the press could n't talk about a three way they had . 
  by the way , it was elton john, 
  whoa whoa whoa , lets slow down here . 
  are you suggesting that a secular peaceful people -- willing to defend that peace from extremists -- would not be happy being subject to a corrupt sectarian government in baghdad even though they were originally grouped together by the brilliant former empires who divided up the region willy nilly ? 
  lets check with our dear and true ally turkey , governed by the just and enlightened erdogan , and see what the completely unbiased opinion they have of the kurds can tell us about what is right and wrong in the situation . 
  at this point , having known some kurds here in detroit , and having a lot of friends who have been stationed in kurdistan , i would be perfectly fine offering them nato membership . 
  they be cool yo , and their food tasty as fuck . 
  [ because of this guy . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_warnig ), 
  most likely this guy led an american military project team that implemented an automated analysis system that creates reporting material directed at allied governments . 
  they most likely scan all captured documents , use natural language analytic tools and machine learning to identify threats , and then let users know which country to contact . 
  what is a very very big deal right now is the horrible state of intelligence sharing in the eu . 
  i would completely understand if the americans behind closed doors are tired of it and have decided to collect all the intel and push it to who needs it rather than try to rely on european governments working together . 
  back when i was a kid nyc was way different . 
  there was a gang of ninjas and giant turtles , back when reporters had courage . 
  so did [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/uss_liberty_incident ), 
  leave alaska alone !, 
  your analysis was simple , clean , and concise -- as if it were designed to be flat packed and assembled by anyone . 
   i have also been hearing about some reductions in the safety net for elderly , which is sad . 
  i 've recommended his documentaries so many times . 
  but adam curtis has talked about this topic very well . 
  check out biter lake and the power of nightmares . 
  this is an economist article on it . 
  i would get you guys behind the paywall but am on mobile so it 's a pain http://www.economist.com/news/britain/21695961-horrific-murder-prompts-fears-more-attacks-small-islamic-sect-quiet-man-loud tldr . 
  the victim was a different denomination of islam . 
  so a sunni killed him . 
  it 's pretty sad . 
  [ senpai notices you , little one ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/lj5tnxi ), 
  fucking luminov . 
  i thought it was the fox for sure, 
  it 's senses treachery and kills the weak, 
  i have been disappointed with the new x-files episodes, 
  yes , you are correct, 
  55 % percent of the internet is in english , that must be a pretty big mirror . 
   i see the rhetorical technique your are trying to use -- attempting to make dugin look irrelevant by making a link between dugin and zhirnovsky . 
  and while i agree that zhirnovsky is a fringe and unimportant political figure , i think you would agree that sergey neryshkin is a very central and important political figure in your country . 
  neryshkin has been chairman of the duma since 2011 , prior to this he was the head of medvedev 's administration . 
  he is also a leading figure in putin 's united russia party . 
  dugin is much closer connected to neryshkin , having officially served as his advisor . 
  i have heard no legitimate connection between dugin and zhirinovsky . 
  i think you might enjoy reading some about the german-american philosopher leo strauss . 
  he is the source of neoconservativism in the us and mirrors a lot of the ideas that seem to be popular in russia at the moment . 
  i want to clarify , that these philosophers are not creating the ideas that are influential , rather these ideas are influential and there are philosophers that are writing about them . 
  sometimes , it 's that writing that acts as a unifying theme among a group of elites . 
  no cause and effect , but a cycle of reinforcement . 
  thank you for posting this , i had not seen it before . 
  yeah , thats bad ... 
  you raise good points . 
  but the koreans have become extremely good at this . 
  each defector is isolated from pretty much everything until they are cleared . 
  it involves a great deal of ` deprogramming ' i think this should be talked about . 
  if it is the ideas that they carry that are dangerous ; then upon their return to europe , these ideas must be dealt with in a methodical and scientific way . 
  its just like intelligence gathering . 
  torture does not work , endearing oneself to the prisoner is how you get real workable information . 
  its why the nazis stopped torturing pows in interrogations , it does n't work . 
  hans scharff is the root of modern interrogation techniques . 
  and the fact that we learned so much from wwii is what makes me so furious when i hear people call for torture . 
  it does n't work . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanns_scharff but that is a slightly unrelated topic . 
  the best point you raise is intent . 
  these individuals freely and without coercion intended to wrong . 
  that is something that can not be overlooked or swept under the rug . 
  i have thought a lot about this recently . 
  [ there was an article from the economist discussing this issue . 
  i uploaded it to imgur so there is no paywall ] ( http://imgur.com/a/sun10 ) i think that this and many other examples need to be resolved to relieve a source of stress in international relations . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  i think that violence is more common in the us , but i also think that you are very capable of finding places in the us that are just as safe as europe . 
  i think it means that we need more scientist and individuals who know technology in government . 
  we can not afford to have our leaders pushed around on such important issues because they may be ignorant . 
  i think something important to consider when thinking about russia is the philosopher alexander dugin . 
  he has coined the term `` 4th political theory '' it is an odd mix of american neoconservatism and fascism . 
  he is a leading thinker in the kremlin and can be thought of as putin 's idea man . 
  i think dugin sees in trump an example of his own political leanings . 
  he frames current politics as a struggle between his 4th political theory and progessive transhumanism . 
  though i do not agree with his position , i am partial to his characterization of the political conflict . 
  i believe technology can help , that we deserve individual freedoms , and other positions that could be framed as transhumanist . 
  [ here is dugin endorsing trump . 
  long video , but extremely enlightening to the kremlin 's position on him . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6usuwycqssy ), 
  if germany is engaged in a struggle against isis , then the returnees should be treated as enemy combatants . 
  i do not suggest they be sentenced to punishment -- rather be processed as defectors . 
  similar to how south korea has an extensive integration process for north korean defectors . 
  they teach these people how to integrate into society while extracting any intel , and keeping them segregated until they are determined to be safe . 
  i do n't think that is an outrageous response , when it may be the case that they are counting on lax security to permit them entry into soft targets . 
  it makes sense . 
  i would say that i very rarely feel unsafe in the us ; but i have wondered if that is because i grew up here and know what not to do where . 
  i feel like if there was more cultural exchange between eu and us ( in the form of eu coming here ) it would be a good thing . 
  there are many americans that long to go to europe , but i 'm not sure if there are many europeans who really get to see the good parts of america -- it can be pretty neat .
