  i would love to find out that half of these are jokes slipped into a serious photography study . 
  the german goat eating a hat is pretty funny . 
  i visited poland a few years ago . 
  loved it . 
  fun , affordable , friendly , beautiful , and having grown up in a part of usa with a lot of polish families it was like perogi heaven . 
  never felt unsafe . 
  copper ? 
  all of this reminds me of the scandinavian languages . 
  i imagine if there was a bigger difference in the writing of some swiss cantonal dialects , they could be considered separate languages with a certain percentage of mutual intelligibly . 
  also on a side note , iirc , in the chinese languages , the words are all written similarly across languages but spoken differently . 
  so a person could write a letter from beijing in mandarin to hong kong to be read by a cantonese speaker . 
  but the two might not be able to have a conversation . 
  but the problem with that is that you rely on people being well known for something that is truthful . 
  all over the us kids learn all about christopher columbus , how he bravely sailed the ocean blue , etc. 
  but i doubt the majority of people know about his religious zeal and genocidal effects on native populations . 
  so , inline with your logic , statues of columbus are just fine . 
  you assume too much truth in perception and lack the needed emphasis on culture and history . 
  the fact is , a statue of a person is not to celebrate their goodness -- its to show their greatness . 
  and just as ivan the terrible can also be translated as john the great , great and terrible are two sides of historically important people -- without whom we would not be here today . 
  to into the future , so willfully blind is wrong . 
  if there is a statue of a `` bad '' person , then use it to teach the failings of history -- not as a battle to fight history . 
  yeah if we are going to look back on anything lets bring up that old card of european imperialism . 
  in fact , i find it really odd that so many countries wanted independence , to be removed from european empires , only to then try to migrate to those countries now . 
  prime example : estonia trying to be a nordic country . 
  ( i 'm kidding , estiland , you cool ), 
  the video game industry is rather insane currently . 
  cinema had revenue of around $ 13billion in usa , videogames were around $ 23billion . 
  could you imagine how fun the wedding would be, 
  get the dicks out of the eu, 
  never said that , they can certainly be mismanaged . 
  but they will not do so because of failed launches , or lose of confidence . 
  the points you raised were poorly formed and show a misunderstanding of business . 
  it 's not a big deal to admit ignorance . 
  i do it all the time . 
  just admit it , you did n't know what you were talking about , and decided to become entrenched , rather than retreat . 
  customers expect and plan for risk , usually will have coverage as well . 
  they are strapping valuables to a bomb , they understand the risk . 
  shareholders ? 
  shareholders ? 
  spacex is privately held . 
  the people who are lucky enough to have anything invested in the company know that there are learning opportunities to be had , and that is what each failure is . 
  are you feeling bad yet ? 
   while spacex is just a few failed rocket launches away from bankruptcy . 
  http://www.insurancejournal.com/news/national/2016/09/02/425358.htm spacex , and any other company of its type , procure full insurance coverage . 
  such failures are learning experiences that take advantage of an insurance policy already built into the price of the service offered to the customer . 
  you are wrong , and you should feel bad . 
  shhh child . 
  you can not mention the anglosphere on this sub . 
  the potential is too overwhelming for the europeans to consider . 
  but do you think the countries standing to lose skilled workers understand the damage coming their way ? 
  could it be that they are enabling federalism to a point where there is no way to keep engineers , financiers , or entrepreneurs in their borders ? 
  i understand the argument that european labor is less mobile , partly because of language , partly because of culture ( a portuguese engineer might really want to live a portuguese style life and enjoy some ginjinha in the afternoon etc ) but at a certain point , that does n't matter . 
  nationalism tends to crumble in the face of profit , and if you make enough money , just ship the ginjinha to where you live . 
  another factor is labor shortages . 
  is it easier for a company to find skilled labor in a european country a or move to b ? 
  or just relocate essential staff to the us ? 
  why bother improving your education system if they are all going to move to your neighboring country ? 
  the idea that education is an investment in your nation 's future might not be true . 
  i hope you guys realize that about a more federal eu . 
  the sector clusters each country seem to be cultivating ( the silicon valley of the baltic , the silicon roundabout , etc etc. ), 
  will compete until there is one dominant one and maybe 1 or 2 alternatives . 
  look at the us , you do n't see start ups in idaho , or auto makers in alaska . 
  and the only time there are pockets of finance sector activity is for venture capital and corporate based on geographic spread of sectors , or wealth management like delaware or nevada based upon kind laws . 
  the idea of non competitive economies in europe maintaining sophisticated sectors is very optimistic , either through being out competed for operations or talent , or through mergers . 
  why make a video to read ? 
  either write an article or have a news presenter present the news . 
  that process started with tony blaire and new labor, 
  it depends on whether the party leaders make it a vote of conscious ( mps vote the way they see fit ) or a line vote ( have to vote online with party position ), 
  marmite 's been gaining . 
  sold at my local chain grocery , have seen it used in stews , and some hipsters eat it and talk about `` well , when i was in the uk , before brexit mind you ... '', 
  http://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/450597/ bernie sanders worked more across the aisle than most people in congress . 
  ted cruz paints the political landscape as a fatalist show down between the forces of good and evil . 
  hillary clinton is a corporatist , just like trump . 
  they just differ in their image of corporatism . 
  fun fact about renewable energy in turkey : you can power the whole country if you could harness the force of atat\u00fcrk spinning in his grave over what erdogan has done . 
  a good example is in the uk . 
  traditionally , the middle class and the rich were represented by the torries , and the working class and poor by labor . 
  in the 90s , we saw tony blaire come to the middle to create ` new labor ' a kin to clinton democrats in the us . 
  by doing this , he was able to steal votes from the centrists in the conservative party . 
  and forced the conservatives to compete for the middle . 
  this lead to the fringe groups feeling disillusioned with the political process , that they lacked representation or the power to change the system . 
  this has lead to populism on both the right and the left . 
  what i think will happen , is populism will eventually get some power , and shit the bed . 
  this will force the established parties to refocus on their bases . 
  that means that the most successful future politics will be those who focus in on a sincere message that is of worth to the core constituencies based on their ideology . 
  whether or not that happens , who knows . 
  i think your right that postmodern politics is still working in that it seems to function above the level of the public shutting down . 
  but we can look at brexit and the current us election as a hint of whats to come . 
  i think that no matter who wins in the us , they will be hated , and serve one term . 
  i think the partisan hatred will become a major point of discontent , and eventually give way to a new scincerety . 
  but that 's extremely optimistic . 
  but then again , we did see a new scincerety hinted at by bernie sanders . 
  it 's just a matter of competition between that and entrenched postmodern politics : parties are enemies/idiots/the devil , trying to take the country to shit , etc. 
  he is basing it on [ relativism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/relativism ) dugan is using a lot of [ post-modernism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/postmodernism ) to justify the reality of the kremlin . 
  personally , i think this is another clue that the west is leaving post-modernism behind . 
  i prefer [ metamodernism ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/metamodernism ) , and i think this will become very true over the next few years as millennials age . 
  [ here is a great video summarizing it ] ( https://youtu.be/dh6zjultvgq ) yet another reason to love the dutch . 
  [ also the ceo of nordstream is a former stasi officer ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_warnig )  warnig allegedly worked with kgb officer vladimir putin . 
  the two men collaborated on recruiting west german citizens for the kgb . 
  warnig , however , has denied this by saying that he met for the first time in 1991 , when putin was the head of the committee for external relations of the saint petersburg mayor 's office .
