   forced relocation is against international law . 
  well in some circumstances , yes . 
  but not in all . 
  the geneva convention has this to say  individual or mass forcible transfers , as well as deportations of protected persons from occupied territory to the territory of the occupying power or to that of any other country , occupied or not , are prohibited , regardless of their motive ... 
  the occupying power shall not deport or transfer parts of its own civilian population into the territory it occupies . 
  however , since the uk is not an occupying force , and as long as the population group is not protected ( refugees ) then this has no bearing on the decision . 
  article 7 of the rome statue of international criminal court lists deportation or force population transfer as a crime against humanity . 
  however , permitting such a foreign population the ability to live or work within a country outside of the provisions of any freedom of movement treaties to which the home country are party to , is more than is required by law . 
  in short . 
  you ca n't collect people with guns and force them to leave . 
  but you can close their bank accounts , deny them the ability to rent or buy property , and check if they have overstayed visas . 
  if an individual is found to have broken any of these laws , they may be deported on an individual basis . 
  something to add is that the eu is a trading partner of the uk . 
  if they view this separation as a chance to punish their trading partner , they must realize that there is a limit both thanks to the wto and the fact that they will be harming a trade partner , at a time where the per capita income of europeans will drop , and the overall size of the eu economy will shrink , hence becoming a less important market for international concerns . 
  mexico is making us pretty jealous right now . 
  we have had perhaps the greatest combo of food ( the taco ) and liquor ( tequila ) in the world right next door , and what did we do ? 
  we took it for granted . 
  come back to us mexico , we miss you . 
  we 're sorry about trump . 
  we were drunk . 
  he 's just upset that their swastika was blue . 
  whoa , butthurt much ? 
  i know , but russia wants the baltics for pride . 
  they want gotland for strategy . 
  if they were to ever , in the remote chance , decide to act to take back their pride in the baltics , they would first have to firm up their strategy in gotland . 
  but nato states , etc etc , unlikely . 
  by the baltics , you mean gotland ? 
  yeah they had a lot of money from the nazis buying their steel and train tickets to visit norway . 
  many european governments are issuing bonds at 0 or negative interest rates . 
  those bonds are the government 's debt , the interest rate is the price they have to pay for that debt . 
  the fact that the market is saying to those governments , in effect , `` hey you guys are n't using too much debt , we are beyond certain that you are capable of repaying the debt you take , so we will pay you to borrow our money , you are beyond a 100 % bet . '', 
  what does that mean for the countries following austerity to reduce their deficits ? 
  they are leaving a ton of money on the table . 
  they could be issuing much more debt , and pushing interest rates up . 
  nothing crazy like the days of 10 % or anything . 
  but a healthy 5 % interest on government bonds is just fine . 
  these are healthy economies that are starving themselves because they have been told that they are fat . 
  all because germany comes from a family ( swabian housewife ) that preaches about the evils of overeating . 
  but in actuality , germany has convinced you to not have christmas dinner or any celebratory good meals , because they say it would be bad for you . 
  so you leave the food on the table untouched . 
  best of all , it makes the bill for dinner really small . 
  but everyone in your country slowly becomes a little bit more pissed as the social services you love become strained to reduce costs and increase efficiency ( think thatcher , thats what might be coming for you ), 
  let me expand my explanation of a scenario . 
  first , the russian baltic fleet and the swedish navy are too close to call ( as by design of the swedish military ) but if russia committed additional naval forces and air assets , they could easily cut off gotland from mainland sweden . 
  at this point they begin to negotiate with stockholm for peaceful occupation of gotland while they invade the baltic states , thus committing the majority of their land ability . 
  if stockholm accepts , russia is permitted to place missiles and air assets on gotland . 
  if they refuse , the swedish forces on gotland are eliminated either through air bombing , naval bombardment , and finally paratrooper or amphibious landing . 
  this is after they establish air superiority over swedish air space . 
  swedish naval assets are hunted down and destroyed , with naval commanders having to decided between elimination or finding harbor in a third party nation ( denmark and norway ) . 
  during this period of time russia would work to disable all electronic communication within sweden . 
  cellphones and access to the internet and gps would be targeted just like in the russian invasion of georgia . 
  the population would be in a heightened state of confusion and fear , with many people being called into service . 
  would they all report ? 
  would there be a possible movement towards pacifism ? 
  whos to say . 
  without the internet to coordinate it might be regional . 
  likely the student hubs of uppsala and less likely lund would refuse . 
  but many people would be mobilized for the feared invasion of the mainland . 
  but that wo n't come . 
  since at this time , russian forces are flooding the baltic states , and installing russian minority community leaders as temporary governments , until elections can be organized . 
  at which time , the three baltic states will vote to reintegrate with russia . 
  if you read this far , i hope you enjoyed my fictional account of this war . 
  please do n't down vote u/mirshafie , we 're just chatting and shiiit . 
  i feel like there 's a novel here . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't think russia has plans to annex swedish territory . 
  but , i do think that putin still has a chip on his shoulder about the baltic states being independent and out of his sphere of influence . 
  if he believes that nato would not mobilize to defend them , for whatever reason , like trump 's rhetoric , then i believe causing sweden some collateral damage in gotland would be justified to the russian gov ` t. 
  it would likely play out exactly like crimea , but with paratroopers and amphibius assets . 
  do you think the swedish leadership would order the 150 troops on gotland to fire ? 
  knowing that all of those troops would be killed or captured ? 
  and that it would turn into a total war ? 
  or would the leadership in stockholm seek a more peaceful solution in which the occupation of gotland is negotiated with a timeline of the russians leaving . 
  meanwhile the baltics get fucked . 
  in this situation , in a world where nato does n't mobilize to help member states , do you think anyone would mobilize to help protect gotland ? 
  probably not . 
  if only individual nations joined in defense , they would not be able to withstand russia . 
  russia wants gotland very badly in terms of strategy . 
  if it could be taken , between it , kalengrad , and belarus , the baltic states would be completely surrounded . 
  this is not a next year strategy . 
  this is a generational plan . 
  if they wait long enough , there might be a moment where they can take their chance , like crimea . 
  good point , perhaps you can look up the gdp per capita in ppp terms . 
  how do they compare ? 
  that 's what i was thinking , it 's pretty much just a huge tap system in a bar . 
  if they are n't cleaned all the time , things begin to taste awful . 
  yeah and nordstream is only meant to help germany 's economic growth through better access to energy . 
  germany sees the conflict for what it is , and realizes it has the opportunity to play both sides . 
  but in the end they will slowly decoupled from atlanticism and steer europe more towards putins russia . 
  a more independent uk perhaps will harm putin , by providing even better investment environment for the oligarchs to store their cash and children . 
  how often will they clean it ? 
  you call their economy feeble , but i do n't think people understand how much of a non-super power they are . 
  to put it in perspective , gdp of california = $ 2.46 trillion population of california = 39 million gdp of russia = $ 1.17 trillion russian population = 144 million russia is a poor , unsophisticated backwoods of the world , drowning in alcohol . 
  they deserve our pitty . 
  you could ... use english ? 
  do you think he is helping with trying to protect the city of london during brexit , or trying to get favorable terms for goldman sachs to find an eu base of operations ? 
  #lovewins ? 
  so this is non-linear warfare . 
  look up vladislav surkov , a former performance artist and one of the strategy architects at the time of the ukraine invasion . 
  [ if lazy , watch this short adam curtis video . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/3ustnbrmjfc ),
