  turkish military , unless they want to coordinate with us forces , would not share any plans outside of a tower notice to schedule flights . 
  even those could be done quietly . 
  so any us forces in that base that night probably could notice a large increase of previously unannounced movement , but no idea what it was . 
  but such activity would be noted and passed along , to move intelligence assets into the area ( diverting them from their standard area of operation . ), 
  so any available satellites would be moved , and a general scan of historic communications of key figures in turkey would be analyzed for clues . 
  these would then be located , and their communications would then be observed in real time . 
  which is likely why the west paused in their statement of support , since the communication traffic in the administration was probably chaotic and fearful . 
  dump it in the ocean . 
  i loved when putin first started and you could tell that the janitor had been there for a while . 
  and even though he seemed nice enough to everyone else , he irrationally hated putin . 
  no matter what putin tried , no progress with the janitor . 
  only failure . 
  hilarious hijinks though . 
  did i say putin ? 
  i mean jd . 
  i 'm going to link to an ask reddit i made right after one of the recent attacks https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4szrfu/serious_if_it_is_the_best_practice_to_not_report/, 
  what is an example of the strategic goals of the eu differ from nato ? 
  what you guys need is an actual border force , and the ability to share intelligence between countries . 
  but lets be honest , most of the intelligence you receive comes from the us ( we do record every text , email , phone-call , etc. 
  right ? ), 
  i mean , did you scroll ? 
  so sad, 
  thats great xzibit , but i just said i kind of like flags . 
  and the engine still has major issues . 
  this wo n't be available on mobile , but this austrian designer made this site to show how time passes faster when your older because when you are young each period of time is a larger percentage of your overall experience . 
  interesting initiative considering nord stream will increase german dependence on russian fossil fuels . 
  but then again , mathias warnig is such a trustworthy figure that any firm he is involved with should be approved by the eu . 
  edit , figured i should add context https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/matthias_warnig, 
  off topic , but have n't seen your flag before . 
  it is a pretty as your cheese is stinky . 
  you cared enough to respond twice, 
  are you anti vaccination too ? 
  do you think the jury is still out on global warming as well ? 
  no , your power is soft . 
  there 's a difference . 
  exactly . 
  the euro zone is amazing in good times , and it is very good for certain aspects like academic research and such . 
  but when shit hits the fans , countries are not going to be pleased to learn that they ca n't do things that would help them because they have surrendered certain liberties . 
  if you voluntarily tie your hands , and then there is a fire in your house . 
  why is it odd to want to untie your hands to deal with the fire ? 
  if your neighbor tries to tell you that you had agreed to the hand tie , then your neighbors a dick . 
  so your points speak to the issue of an optimal currency area https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/optimum_currency_area but the major difference between your example of under developed us states and european countries is that if i grow up in mississippi and can find work in another state , i will move thousands of miles to resettle . 
  a person in a less advanced european economy , with low skills and education , most likely speaking one language , has far too many barriers to move thousands of miles to participate in the labor market . 
  the us currency area makes more sense therefor , on a microeconomic level than europe . 
  in addition , on the macro level , the us states have ceded far more of their sovereignty ( historically at the point of a gun mind you ) than europeans will ever be okay with . 
  the likelihood of a united states of europe is so small , and really the only way that it could all be sorted out . 
  the point regarding devaluation and control of their own currency , really is a huge point against the euro . 
  these countries are voluntarily surrendering a tool that can be very effective in tough times . 
  that means they do n't have a central bank of their own to modify monetary policy if they need to . 
  the ecb is pretty much under the control of germany . 
  if the germans do n't like what you are doing with your banking system , like in italy 's case with their bond market , then they can put the kabash on any sort of bail out . 
  http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21701756-italys-teetering-banks-will-be-europes-next-crisis-italian-job it might just be that the luckiest countries in the eu are the ones who kept their own currency . 
  then put it to the house of lords , they do n't give a fuck about elections, 
  was n't the referendum only advisory , isbt this all being blown out of proportion ? 
  there would need to be a government with a mandate to go through it all . 
  david cameron shall be remembered as the most idiotic politician the west has seen since bush . 
  if scotland can leave uk and join eu , then why ca n't catalonia ? 
  because spain will block scotland , to make sure catalonia understands it will never be in the eu, 
  spain will block their acceptance . 
  it will set a president that is too dangerous for them considering their own regions seeking independence . 
  a unanimous acceptance from all the eu members is required , and all it will take to prevent it is spain . 
  very concerning , the ethnic minority of russians has exploded in terms of proportion . 
  they might require some liberating, 
  in the uk , iceland is the name of a frozen food seller . 
  https://www.iceland.co.uk the brexiteers must be very confused, 
  [ for those who were n't quick enough . 
  if this post was a green ogre , it 's name would be #shrekt ... i 'm not proud of myself , i ca n't stop shit posting, 
  i 'm from detroit , where do i sign up for asylum ? 
  much better, 
  first the prank gone wrong ... and i did not speak out . 
  then the prank gone sexual ... and i not speak out . 
  then the prank came for me ... and there was no one left to speak for me, 
  watch it at 2x speed , better or worse ? 
  [ reefer madness was made in the 30s ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/reefer_madness ), 
  welcome to the club . 
  hopefully the backward swedes will eventually realize that they are spewing american drug propaganda circa 1930, 
  i know i need to quit reddit when i see this and say , `` no way , that 's the ministry of roads and highways '' then i realised they moved the central bank there . 
  then i realised i 'm an american in a basement eating taquitos . 
  why do i know any of this ? 
  but in eu4 you ca n't reduce risk of uprising by creating narrative of outside threat . 
  that would be a pretty good addition to the game , increase unity based on propaganda . 
  i think the cardasians will be better off without gul dukat, 
  hi , i work at a digital advertising and marketing agency . 
  i want to help this conversation , so i will share a piece of industry knowledge . 
  http://www.lumapartners.com/lumascapes/marketing-technology-lumascape/ that is a map of the most important marketing technologies companies . 
  most of those companies are not relevant . 
  but please pay attention to the sections titled `` db mktg '' , `` dmp '' , `` marketing data '' , and `` data warehouses '' . 
  the reason i bring this up is because -- odd as it might seem -- there is a lot of cross overs between mass surveillance and online advertising . 
  these are the nameless companies that actually hold the power in the industry . 
  amazon and google are active , but the data brokers hold the keys . 
  they are the companies who have to ( by law ) anonymize the user information . 
  and , more importantly , since they are not known by consumers , their participation in gov ' t spying is not ( well ) known . 
  example : i , as a marketeer , can see that you are among a group of people who like x tv show , have a netflix account , like y pages on facebook , and have been search for z product category . 
  but the data vendor has made it impossible for me to see your name or other personal identifying information ( pi orr pii ) from a spying point of view , i would combine this information with all of your communications , to hen build up a `` best match '' profile of you as a user . 
  i am trying to find a pattern between your online publicly available information , and your private conversation ( political or radical ideology ) if i can construct a confident best match , then i can limit my future searches to people who are similar to your public profile . 
  this limits the size of the potentially illegal operation and the amount of data i will have to acquire/store all of that said , i hope europe does n't forget about the american people . 
  do n't hate us for what our gov ' t is doing . 
  we are still good people , and the resistance is strong . 
   us multinationals always try to corner their market you just described the objective of every business entity, 
  we are taking over .
