  as an american , i pride myself on knowledge of all food, 
  its an awesome place , great natural areas , [ waterfalls ] ( http://www.uptravel.com/waterfalls-of-the-u.p.-59/ ) , etc. 
  we call people from there yoopers , and they have an accent and culture influenced by nordic people . 
  sauna , silence , and self-reliance . 
  they also have pasties . 
  which are like a savory pastry that came cornwall in the uk with miners . 
  flaky and good and filled with awesome deliciousness . 
  like a closed up karjalanpiirakka , but a different dough and different types of filling . 
  thus ends this tourism post lol, 
  yeah fun fact , the upper peninsula of michigan has a shit load of finnish descendants . 
  they had a finnish language radio station until just a few years ago , think it went under . 
  they still have a college called finlandia university . 
  they brought it here . 
  there are a few regions in the us with a lot of scandinavian descendents that used this . 
  but mostly red barns , if i recall , its a chemical treatment to prevent wood rot and not so much a coloring, 
  but would n't that be pretty trending with swedish politicians nowadays, 
  i know what a harpoon is . 
  but can we see this specific weapon ? 
  i have no idea why someone would have one laying around . 
  fishing ? 
  i know y' all have a constitutional referendum coming up to restructure yohr parliament , but does it have anything to help sort out your court system ? 
  click the link i included . 
  see the part where it says august 2016 ? 
  i did n't even catch that . 
  i just assumed that since it was an american company they would be given more money and freedom . 
  but you raise a great point , gt cars are inherently enjoyable . 
  i live in michigan , we just had the press launch of the lotus evora 400 here . 
  i want them to include this car so badly . 
  i think there is a great chance of a uk us rivalry when the converte goes midengine in 2019 . http://jalopnik.com/the-lotus-evora-400-is-the-best-track-car-i-have-ever-d-1784855962, 
  [ the grand tour ] ( https://www.amazon.com/b?node=11909489011 ) will be better than topgear , with hookers and etc etc. 
  this month . 
  like your canada ? 
  whos your mexico ? 
  oh , right . 
  poland . 
  personally , i am totally fine with killing a ton of them , like a war crime level amount . 
  but if we do that , then individuals who would otherwise not feel obliged to fight for their cause will . 
  every wedding we bomb , unless we get the whole blood line , like cousins and shit , will produce more of them . 
  what do you think we 've learned from drone warfare ? 
  plus , say we magically end all of their lives . 
  who fills that vaccum ? 
  the iraqi government ? 
  any issue individuals have that can be blamed on the legitimate gov ' t of the country will be one more cause to support isis . 
  so , we ca n't cleanly end them . 
  we do n't have the will to sacrifice the resources needed to end them and rebuild them . 
  so if we ignore them and slowly kill them from afar , then we win . 
  what policies reduce deaths ? 
  you 're right . 
  we should cut off all aid to the middle east , nuke the population centers , and send in sacrificial infantry to hold the ground until the fallout fades . 
  millions must die to pay the price we have paid for the thousands of affected by the hundreds killed . 
  or we could deny them the effect the so desperately want . 
  we can make each of their attacks a waste of resources and people . 
  we can provide no more motivation for martyrs , we can make their message irrelevant as the rest of the world continues to progress . 
  then go enlist . 
  but for the general population : these attacks are meant to turn their opinions towards approval of extreme violence . 
  they want to be killed , because they believe it will help their narrative of west vs islamic worlds . 
  its not suicide , its insignificant . 
  isis used civilian attack ... it has no effect !, 
  also might be disingenuous to compare a suicidal cult mafia with regular militaries of authoritarian national governments . 
  no one ever won a war by killing a few civilians . 
  if we ignore them , their message becomes old , kids will get bored with their bullshit and want to buy nikes . 
  its not liberal , its logic . 
  there are an incredible amount of very easy to attack infrastructure in the west . 
  why do you think they are not using these resources on that ? 
  it would have a much bigger effect . 
  but if they attack a utility tunnel or a power line , they wo n't have the same impact of making people think it actually endangers them . 
  they want us to go there , and provide the outside enemy . 
  they want the unifying force that bad guys throughout history have used to unite populations against an exterior force . 
  cut them off and let them starve , we will out last them , they will be a paragraph in an 8th grade history book that a kid will skim over in 50 years . 
  24 americans dies from terrorism in the us from 2005 to 2015 . 
  that averages out to 1 every 152 days . 
  1 out of 319,000,000 americans . 
  i do n't think i need to let hate or fear affect my mindset at all , nor do i think i should support news corporations profit from selling ads on the deaths of innocent average joes . 
  eventually the bees will all use their stingers , or run out of honey to feed the larvae . 
  in the mean time , kill them from afar . 
  they want anger . 
  they want a grand battle , to inspire new soliders ect etc. 
  you want to beat them ? 
  if they even think about sparing with canada ... we will respect canada 's ability to defend it 's own honor . 
  but of course offer it all of our spooky shit and be a big old cheerleader for our hat . 
  so about nato . 
  [ this video shows a key feature about nato that many people do n't consider , namely that its totally controlled by america by design ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=likbntvoate ) also , article 13 :  after the treaty has been in force for twenty years , any party may cease to be a party one year after its notice of denunciation has been given to the government of the united states of america , which will inform the governments of the other parties of the deposit of each notice of denunciation . 
  so turkey can leave after a year 's notice . 
  also , worth considering is the recent deployment of police around irccirlik airbase , well those were to protect civilians from trying to storm the base . 
  us forces will be well within their authority to defend that base ( likely focusing on nuclear facilities and aircraft ) with deadly force . 
  that would be a bad situation for everyone involved . 
  the fact that erdogan used civil police to prevent this as even a possibility could show that he does not intend to invoke article 13 anytime soon . 
   liberator face it 's like the original '' [ we 're here for your fucking freedom dude ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=syrv6eygmny ) '', 
  a spaniard linking to an american story about a spanish farmer for an american to read . 
  that 's reddit for ya, 
  if i recall correctly the shop keeper in scotland who was murdered for trying to do good between religious groups was ahmadiyya . 
  he made a facebook post wishing christians a happy easter , was killed within hours . 
  i 'm going to chime in and tell a story to highlight that turkey does n't trust or communicate well . 
  their gov ' t was very against this facility being used to bomb isis . 
  their specific reason was because in addition to lethal sorties , there were plans for aid for kurdish elements in syria and northern iraq ( humanitarian supplies in addition to munitions ) . 
  well that pissed them off . 
  so unlike every other nato partnership , turkey required a turkish office to be in the aircrew of these supply drops ( and any flight that they could fit ) long story short , turkey called this `` chumming for sharks '' the coordinates of the supply drops were relayed to turkish air elements operating outside of nato mission and they would bomb the shit out of whatever kurds would go for the supplies . 
  there is major anger between the us and turkey right now . 
  for a lot of reasons : gulen , kurds , treatment of journalists , increasing extremism , a reluctance to fight isis due to sympathies and budding economic ties , etc , etc. 
  but yeah , back on topic .
