  what happened ? 
  it is because turkey has a ministry of religious affairs , basicly the state controlled islam and made the population stay faraway from the fundamentalist wahhabi , removing the negative stuff . 
  but now there is a rise of islamism since the cold war ended and the slow decline in secular states . 
  after the 1980 coup the communist and nationalist where removed from the public and islamist who waited since the establishment of the republic and disliked the ministry of religious affairs finally could take a piece of the cake ( gulen and erdogan ) . 
   it is funny how people in the comments are arguing that canada and most of europe are being to undiplomatic here while ignoring the fact that erdogan literally called all europeaans nazi 's , crusaders and threatened that they would n't be able to safely walk the streets in any part of the world . 
  he did it for votes and the counter reaction was a trap . 
  how ever you look at this statement it will favour erdogan . 
  adding more fuel to the fire . 
  sorry the pile of junk has been recycled to preserve nature . 
  [ how are you gon na beat the lobbyist , they make 1.8 cents on every cent minted . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/y5ut04p5f7u ), 
  i remember last year i found a pile of 1,2,5 cents at stockholm station . 
  even the romani beggars do n't want them . 
  the zimbabwe dollars bill is even more usefull . 
  this is so adorable ... . . and deadly . 
  its the truth , look at the date of the upload . 
  if only germany had a dreadnought for show . 
  you had your chance buying back the goeben . 
  you know what they say about men with big hands ... ... also trump has been pushing to many pencils . 
  there is also theorys of chinese visiting west america 3000 bc . 
  more likely to remove arab and persian culture from society and if we look today at the middle east back then it was a good idea . 
  i will tell you the reason why ... democracy . 
  you vote for someone who uses religion as propaganda , sell out the country and take the marshall loans . 
  its very common that all the political partys in france flirt with the armenians for votes . 
  russian still has troops since the soviet union disolved so i dont think so . 
  fucking oil money !, 
  also oil money , alot !, 
  1.5 million unstamped envelops with 80 % of the votes being `` yes '' votes . 
  the moment the department of election ( ysk ) said they would allow change of rules it was game over . 
  but even not allowing fare election campaign and unfair media coverage he only got 51 % . 
  ... and propane accessories . 
  the problem with d\u00f6ner kebab in europe is that it is frozen grinded meat . 
  the leaf d\u00f6ner is rare , there is only one shop in stockholm who serves leaf d\u00f6ner . 
  also no sauce is best . 
  i remember watching swedish public broadcasting 2014 about the great war and there was a comment on german ww1 graves after ww2 where poorly handled compared to the entante graves . 
  comparing this cemetery to the ones in western europe , this one looks better . 
  thx france for not pulling a brexit-trump-sultanerdogan . 
  * awwwwww fuck intensifies *, 
  [ the thing about cyprus is that britain was considering splitting the island in the 50s but for some reason they did n't follow their traditions . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/j5ijsxavvao?t=19s ), 
  yes this is true . 
  problems from the past became even worse and messy with the eu entry . 
  the unification talks should have had been done before joining the eu . 
  he disliked hitler and mussolini who praised him several times . 
  he kept distance from stalin as well . 
  still makes him a cool lad . 
   kemalist parties are the current opposition in turkey the thing about the chp is that they cant be like the party from the past or cant be a party of the present and criticise the policy 's of their founders . 
  they are in limbo . 
  to many where against modernisation and the country needed brain power . 
  europeans did the same during colonisation of africa , asia and america . 
  i cant defend sharia islamist from that period . 
  it was the bloody sultan abdulhamit who made the empire the sick man of europe . 
  the cup with the three pashas tried to save what was left , nationalism is hell of a drug used by european empires to create uprisings . 
  ataturk and friends saved as much as possible , all empires will end some day . 
  if he only drank less alcohol he would have been in power longer :(, 
  indonesia still has areas with sharia law mandatory . 
  pakistan lost it when the secular policys of jinnah was removed . 
  because of that the country is a islamic republic . 
  and islamism is the answer ? 
  hell no after the west supported akp and erdogan from 2002-2013 . 
  kemalism is still better . 
  but now no one can protect the secular constitution . 
  erdogan uses hate and nostalgic circlejerk to do anything he wants . 
  after passing the age of 18 is fine for voting but during those 18 years compulsory high quality education would help in rational decision making . 
  no because turkey would be fine thanks to secularism unlike iraq , afghanistan , libya and all the other oil kingdoms in the middle east . 
  unlimited power ... . unlimited power !, 
  erdogan truly is irl palpatine . 
  holy fuck he planned this since the 90s . 
  secularism is important for turkey to properly work . 
  could even a huge economic crisis remove erdogan from power ? 
  also r/prequalmemes is leaking, 
  seriously , how many dbz fans ask about vegeta everyday ? 
  buuuuuuu merkel , get out here merkel you are drunk . 
  erdo\u011fan gave many syrians citizenship so they could vote but all of erdogans dirty tricks only got him 1.4 % ahead . 
  i know prince of all saiyans vegeta owns a spice brand . 
  yes but only if you let atat\u00fcrks grave relocate to \u0130zmir . 
  the opposition was n't mature , it was flooded by religious zealots who where the losers from the great war . 
  now the caliphate declared jihad but no one joined the ottomans side . 
  the reason was that the previous absolute monarch abdulhamid overused the word jihad so much all muslims in the middle east , south east asia and africa got tired and betrayed . 
  he is the worst sultan in turkic history . 
  he would us war as a decoy to make himself more innocent . 
  rather iran should be on high alert . 
  erdo has been showing anti-iran sentiment lately . 
  atleast its not the netherlands . 
  more like erdogan saved bahcelis from loosing his chairmanship to meral aksener . 
  i wonder how much erdogan gain by breaking the same law he created ? 
  espacially in neahterlands , germany , belgium , austria . 
  norway and denmark is like that because turks in g\u00f6teborg and malm\u00f6 voted in oslo and k\u00f6penhamn . 
  god fucking damn it !, 
  ataturk wanted a opposition , not like erdogan who wants to silence it . 
  ever heard of the 1954 guatemalan coup d'\u00e9tat aka banana coup . 
  and the opposition warned the akp but nope they just kept working with them . 
  that bloody family is just cheap politics . 
  no one else cared about those blue blooded snots before and nobody wanted there support . 
  that coup was fake , it was n't a secular coup like the others before . 
  the g\u00fclenist are dangerous islamic scientologists . 
  he must have added alot of salt in that ballot . 
  erdogan knew he broke the same law he created . 
  i hope this is a lesson europe learns , never support islamist and put all bets on secularist muslim countrys , even if its a one party system/dictatorship . 
  i just got a surge to put on a strawhat and sail through the ocean of dreams .
