  with that america is the same as the taliban/al-qaida if we look at the soviet war in afghanistan . 
  i do n't think kurds are equal pkk . 
  turkey has been fighting a remanent from the cold war for years . 
  also germany who is a member of the eu/nato which sees the pkk as a terror organisation . 
  edit : im kind of sick of the pro-pkk views in europe . 
  [ for england ... ] ( https://youtu.be/nae1ybxee38?t=7s ), 
  the swedish crowns is a good export currency , but still shoots every swedish tourist on the foot . 
  hey girl want to see my hard drive . 
  a death note ? 
  a shorter route to conquer paris and a congolese nightmare . 
   ~ ~ turkey ~ ~ erdogan played with fire by helping al-nusra and now it is coming back to them . 
  note i did not say isis since there is no hard evidence just speculation , al-nusra was seen as ally for turkey in the first 2-3 years , not sure about now . 
  eating czechs is like eating soylent green , delicious . 
  they can change there name and banner all the time but i still see pkk . 
  unfortunately r/turkey reinforced all coastal areas with millions of emus . 
  * metal ... . gear ?!, 
  ever since turkey developed there own jdam system the us cut the price for those bombs . 
  because the weapons where used on enemy 's that the german state says its ok to us on . 
  does n't matter , the turkish defense industry has grown so much since the legal cyprus intervention . 
  in a few years turkey will use rail guns against terrorist . 
  look at us , we dont sell cg-rifles to them . 
  top kek . 
  i think turkey finally fixed there problem . 
  so when are we invading the new world and march to the east ? 
  they opened pandoras box . 
  ps : pizza with bananas and curry is delicious . 
  i love turkish coffee ^ tm with turkish delight ^ tm . 
  designed by lavazza . 
  spaghetti made a big mistake dissing nordic coffee culture and turkish coffee . 
  the eu will loose billions if this happens . 
  neo-ottomans coming for that booty . 
  sealand stronk also this is putins wetdream . 
  let 's hope what ever party that beats akp does n't us the religious card . 
  ever since menderes its been a problem . 
  what did happen in 2008 ho\u00e7am ? 
  he was faking it , look at his attitude before and after feto . 
  nope erdogan and the akp has been like this since they where elected 2002 * . 
  got to watch that totally historical accurate movie from 2006/s . 
  has technology gone to far ? 
  just like hong kong , they hate card and it cost every time you pay . 
  well that doesnt explain why germans are ok paying with card abroad but french , spanish , italians and greeks goes haywire when they get non-euro change back . 
  looks like cell from dbz before becoming perfect . 
  silly hungarian , you think turks will be salty but they have mastered the art of salt . 
  look at saltbae . 
  yeah playing with fire is bad . 
  i wished politicians were n't so lazy back in late 90s and the beginning of tye millennium . 
  because post 9/11 the eu needed `` moderate muslim countries '' as allies and let erdo\u011fans / akp dismantle the tye secular system in turkey . 
  germany can never catch a break . 
  fanta will blitz and conquer your mouth !, 
  hold up !, 
  raml\u00f6sa has no suger in their carbonated water and ayran is a salt drink even if you add mineral water in it . 
  back in 2011 after the attack i thought it would have been a better idea to send him to guantanamo bay or north korea as punishment . 
  it would be ironic but now i know i was wrong . 
  dont forget to thank muammar gaddafi for the free oil . 
  gr\u00f6nland really needs a summer resort . 
   finally , enosis is a bygone dream . 
  roc has absolutely nothing to gain by joining greece , the people do not feel that way anymore . 
  unless you go and ask right-wingers . 
  i am sure those fuckers still dream of a greek cyprus , a greek constantinople and a greek smyrna . 
  i think why turkish cypriots and mainland turks are worried is what happens after the honeymoon reunification . 
  just looked up terrorist nikos sampson wiki and fuck it is all cancer . 
  `` de facto leader of cyprus '' my ass !, 
  wait is n't cyprus as a whole part of asia ? 
  i cant imagine greece with that power and having the worst economical crisis in europe . 
  oh the irony . 
  the island was annexed during ww1 and after ww2 greek nationalism started rising . 
  britain gave up the island because the terrorist eoka killed to many british soldiers . 
  there was a plan to split up the island the old fashioned way but no one knows why the british didnt follow their * roots * . 
  i think all socialist are fans of tuxedo mask because of all the roses . 
  i think the mindset of europe back then was that erdogan was a good lap dog . 
  he did everything they said . 
  then america are european because of the colonist . 
  who cares about the natives , white mans burden rules ! / s. 
  do everyone remember the time erdogan praised eu membership and followed their guidelines . 
  well it was a mask to hid his true intentions to turn a secular country into the next saudi arabia/iran . 
  mhp kicked her out for being against erdogan . 
  didnt the grey wolves loose their purpose when the cold war ended ? 
  all leftist became liberals and islamist like in that orhan pamuk book . 
  also bahcelis only good deed was to make all nationalist leave the streets and join the public political sphere , sit behind a desk and do a political movement . 
  yes of all names it had to be sven . 
  maybe . 
  could you explain what n.n means ? 
  if it was n't for diyanet there would be a rampent groups connected to the oil sheiks of arabia and yes diyanet is no longer low profile as it used to be because of erdogan . 
  i do n't see europe closing wahabist mosques well because ... . cheap oil and arms agreements ? 
  [ sven specimen since 2012 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/9/93/swedishidcard2012.png ) its the same guy on the passport . 
  for the last 17 years the picture has been changed 3 times . 
  [ sven from 2007 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/2/29/swedishid.png ) and [ sven from 2005 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/b/b5/swedishidcard2005.png ) johan andersson is our driver license guy . 
  same in sweden . 
  postnord sucks in the urban areas . 
  no it 's the slow hyper inflation . 
  i was shocked before i saw you write `` modern '' . 
  the earthquakes from 1755 killed more . 
  you meant post-modern . 
  my operator said they will have national roaming only this summer but after september they will charge the cheapest mobile plan extra for roaming . 
  oh the million program . 
  i grew up in one of those houses and loved it until my parents moved to a terraced house and then i understood how bad they where :-\\, 
  yugoslavia was a mistake then . 
  terrible treaty . 
  turkey deserves better . 
  10 years ago the eu was praising him .
