  like , who wants to be the doofus in a mini dress and stillettos whith her group of friends in jeans and boots ? 
  50 shades of grey . 
  were n't kazaa before limewire ? 
  it was probably the most conflicting movie i 've ever seen . 
  i loved the whole storyline of die antwoord and chappie and how he learned and saw them as parents , but i thought everything else in the movie were horrible . 
  especially hugh jackmans role were completely unbelievable and made me want to turn off the whole movie . 
  but then chappie came back on screen and i loved it again . 
  that movie could have been amazing with a decent storyline !, 
  wow , she 's absolutely beautiful !, 
  have you looked at schipperkes at all ? 
  not too unlike corgis , but slightly sharper imo . 
  they do well in agility an obedience and even though we do n't have the sport in my country i can imagine they would be great at barn hunting . 
  they do n't care about strangers , not really a cuddly dog and share the trait of other herding breeds in that they love to work . 
  and they are adorable  http://i.imgur.com/bwepnxh.jpg, 
  sorry missclick on the nsfw, 
  agreed !, 
  the proposal is obviously more important to you than him ( you already have the date so he wants to marry you ) , so stop pestering him about it and do it yourself . 
  first goal is to hopefully find a training class to get rid of his anxiety of the table at the vets and dog shows , and if we 're able to do that hopefully get him to a champion title . 
  second is to enroll in some agility classes or scenting classes or some kind of dog sport . 
  other than that i hope this year consists of many wonderful walks and cuddles and a lot better weather than ' 15 . 
  in norway neutering is also illegal unless there is a medical reason or there are a particular good reason to do so . 
  we have a law that states it 's illegal to remove a healthy body part from animals unless there is a medical or specific reason for it . 
  this means it 's illegal to remove tails , declaw a cat , clip the ears aswell as removing testicles and reproductive systems . 
  some animals have excepstions to this rule like cats and horses for the fear of overpopulation and behavioral problems respectively . 
  there is a chance of pyometra and other reproductive spesific illnesses , and that is unfortunate . 
  most of the time , however , they can operate and save the bitch if they are brought in soon enough so most people with bitches know the symptoms and what to look for . 
  it 's also worth noting that if you have a dog with a severe behavioral issue that is thought to be helped by neutering you will be allowed to do it . 
  there just needs to be a reason first . 
  we do n't have the problem with overpopulation you do , if we did it would n't make sense , and personally i think it 's a great law that has done loads for animal welfare in this country . 
  really ? 
  i love that song but i would imagine it could be a bit boring if you do n't understand the lyrics . 
  dilute it with water and put it in an ice cube tray in the freezer . 
  save for hot days when the dog could use a cool-down treat . 
  i do n't know that i would crate her to be honest . 
  it seems to cause you a lot of stress and it does n't really sound like she needs it . 
  it may be better to give that a rest for now and focus on getting to know your new dog and building a relationship with her . 
  if your worried you can section of your flat , remove anything your worried about her getting into and set up a webcam with a live feed so you can check up on her . 
  did you not know their view on this before you adopted the dog ? 
  though it seems unfair it 's their house , their rules and you have to respect that . 
  not everybody likes dogs or understand that dog owners see their pets as family and , as long as they 're not outright mean to animals , that 's their prerogative . 
  it can do more harm , yes , but a puppy needs neither , and both should be removed when not training . 
  people with no spacial awareness or regard for people around them really irritates me . 
  the ones who stops at the bottom of an escalator or right outside a doorway with people behind them to read a text , or stops to speak with someone on a narrow sidewalk without stepping aside to let people past . 
  or people who have to push themselves on the bus before letting people off !, 
  i do n't really see a schipperke in there . 
  besides the obvious coat texture and size , the ear shape and placement , eyes and faceshape all differ from a purebred schipp . 
  it might have some black elkhound in it . . 
  it would be very interesting to see a picture of the side of the dog standing if you have it . 
  have one person standing in front of her holding the leash and giving her treats for standing while the other takes pictures , 
  great !, 
  i do n't think there is any elkhound , she 's to soft and lanky . 
  my guess would be border collie mixed with some type of spaniel or maybe setter . 
  but it 's really hard to pinpoint exactly what she is . 
  she 's adorable though !, 
  it sounds like you have a great resource in that breeder , you 're very lucky . 
  i would just like to advice you to start working on home alone training immediately to reduce the risk of seperation anxiety and similar problems . 
  you basically have one month to go from puppy being ok with you going to the bathroom with the door closed ( the cries ! ), 
  to being completely alone for at least four hours . 
  yeah , they 're amazing little dogs !, 
  too smart for they 're own good though , so we try to keep him tired out so he does n't get into too much trouble . 
  haha , never thought of that before . 
  maybe a little ? 
  i 've always thought they look a bit like foxes . 
  i am absolutely biased , but [ schipperke ] ( http://blogg.ombud.agria.se/elisabethwennerbo/wp-content/blogs.dir/145/files/2014/02/xerxes-schipperke-harabskennel.jpg ) [ puppies ] ( http://e2y.tangot.com/img/i18899.jpg ) are [ pretty ] ( http://www.coros.fi/userfiles/image/coros%20i-puppies%202.jpg ) darn [ adorable ] ( http://skeppsklockan.se/regina_saturnus/valpar_6veckor_01.jpg ) . 
  i do n't know if it 's because i 'm not a native english speaker , but i 've read your post several times and i just do n't understand anything . . 
  yes !, 
  they are awesome dogs !, 
  and imagine how cool you would be walking a schipperke and a japanese spitz together * . 
  i see , good to know my english had n't just suddenly deteriorated . 
  and good job !, 
  i 've recently bought a new pulling harness to use when we 're out jogging and i 've used it on regular walks to get him used to it . 
  last night , during our evening walk with the new harness , draco found something really interesting to sniff on and took forever to finish . 
  so , when i decided we had stood there long enough i said let 's go and started walking , he 'll usually hurry up to pee on the smell and follow me at this point . 
  the smell last night , however , must have been something else cause he crouched down and would n't leave it and suddenly the harness just gently slipped over his head and onto the ground . 
  the look on his face when he realized he was suddenly and unexpectedly free was absolutely priceless !, 
  like a mixture between confusion and delight . 
  luckily we were in a secluded area so i just let him romp around a bit and did some impromptu off-leash walking training before strapping him back in ( tightening the harness ) and continuing our walk . 
  chelsey does . 
  who even is this chelsey person ? 
  it looks like she 's having fun . 
  she even does a playbow when she stops and faces the other dog . 
  it 's kind of hard to tell in such a short video , and you know your dog best , but do n't think it looks like something to worry about . 
  [ the ball of wonder ] ( http://imgur.com/6wczbcj ), 
  mmm , that made me gooey on the inside, 
  i really like shopbop . 
  they have great pictures and often include video , they list the models measurements and quality of the clothes , are great at costumer service and have a good return policy . 
  they also have a great selection of brands , inspiring lookbooks and , best of all , they ship internationally !, 
  i also really like zalando . 
  saw [ this ] ( http://www.day.dk/no/no/day/day-feryal_13221827/13221830?navid=95 ) dream of a dress in a shop window recently only it was in this beautiful almost dusty mint colour which i unfortunately could n't find a picture of online . 
  it was absolutely breathtaking !, 
  i 'm quite surprised there were no [ tibetan spaniel ] ( http://www.petguide.com/breeds/dog/tibetan-spaniel/attachment/tibetan-spaniel-1/ ) in him as that was the very first thing i thought when i saw the pictures . 
  really adorable though , no matter the breed , 
  i would give the dog park a rest to be honest . 
  that way you nip it in the bud and breaks the habit before it sets . 
  the best thing would probably be to find some stable , confident , older dogs for her to play with and learn from and that will put her in her place if she tries this behaviour . 
  as the owner of an unneutered male i have found that in dealing with behaviours such as humping , the other dog telling him off is so much more effective than me doing it . 
  then , after you 've got the behaviour under control you can try going back to the dog park to sse how that goes . 
  it 's a bit concerning that googling `` pomsky '' only yielded pictures of puppies . . 
  he looks like a very cute mutty mutt  he does n't really look too thin though , he looks healthy . 
  but listen to your vet .
