  if the judge does not think the dog is good enough , he does n't have to give a cert , so you could technically win 1st place and not get one . 
  you really need to get her to a vet as soon as you can . 
  no one here have any way of knowing what 's wrong with your dog or if she 'll be ok . make sure she drinks water , dogs can get very quickly dehydrated , the smaller they are the quicker , and make sure she 's in a comfortable temperature . 
  and find a vet !, 
  how interesting !, 
  i 've never heard of this dog before . 
  looking at pictures the blue variant reminds me a lot of weimaraner . 
  yeah , looking at pictures side by side they 're not that alike , but if i did n't know any better i would probably ask if you had a weim too , 
  `` are you walking your cat ? '', 
  have n't heard this one in a while , but several people wondered about this when he was a puppy . 
  i always found it very amusing . 
  rationing could be a good idea , but i would contact the vet again first to rule out any underlying causes of why he 's drinking so much . 
  especially if this is a new behavior . 
  chicken wings are also good . 
  remember not to give them too much at once as it could lead to constipation . 
  so much training !, 
  our dog is now 2,5 years old and we are just beginning to get the hang on this , although he 's a lot better with my boyfriend on this than me . 
  we 've been celebrating in this house because my bf has taken him on several off leash walks the past weeks and successfully passed other dogs without greeting . 
  this is after a couple of years of training , although we have a particularly dog loving dog . 
  firstly i would work in a good sit and stay command . 
  i would then work together with other people who have dogs he is allowed to meet . 
  when he sees the dog you have him sit and wait until you give a release command , meaning he is not allowed to run up to a dog until you 've released him . 
  you should have him on leash until you 've got this down as one slip up will make it twice as hard for you . 
  i also have him sit and stay when i slip his leash of and he 's not allowed to run off until i release him , reinforcing the command . 
  you want a 100 % reward rate at first , meaning you only do it when you intend to let him go and meet the other dog . 
  once it 's really , really , really ingrained you can start having him not meet the dog once in a while and give him treats or a playsession instead , but he should still get to meet the other dog most of the time . 
  the problem is that meeting another dog is extremely rewarding for dogs like ours and it 's really difficult to match that reward level with other things . 
  by using it as a reward in itself you may not be able to curb his desire to meet other dogs , but you may eventually be able to manage and direct it . 
  it wo n't come fast or easy though !, 
  edit : i wanted to add that when you first have him sit and stay when he sees the other dog , he may not be particularly inclined to listen to you . 
  have patience , wait him out and do not allow them to greet until he 's been released by you . 
  he 'll get it eventually . 
  i only have experience with intact dogs so there might be a difference , but in my experience males have a lot more respect for females than other males when it comes to them telling them off . 
  i would also never leave two males alone with one female unless i really , really trusted them both as fighting over the female can easily occur . 
  for instance , i would never leave my male alone with another male and a female no matter how well they had played together in the past as he 's a little bitchhogger and fighting may , and have in the past , happened . 
  again , this could be different when they are neutered/spayed , i do n't know . 
  it could explain why he was so responsive to your females warnings and not your males though . 
  at 4,5 months old , she might be smack in the middle of a fear-period where something suddenly and inexplicably becomes incredibly terrifying to the poor pup . 
  i would focus on desensitizing . 
  put her in a harness ( you do n't want the collar pressing on her neck if she panics and tries to run away as that can lead to her panicking even more ) and find a place to sit with her that 's close enough to a road so that she 's apprehensive , but not so close that she goes into a panic ( or even close to one ) . 
  then just sit there and be calm and ignore her . 
  the problem with raising puppies is that it 's not as intuitive as we might think . 
  if a child is scared , fussing over the child , picking it up and cuddling it says `` it 's ok , i 'm here to protect you , you 'll be fine '' . 
  if a puppy is scared , doing the same says `` yep , that 's definitely really scary and i am soo scared right now . 
  be afraid ! '', 
  so just sit there with the puppy and read a book or something until it has calmed down enough to take some treats . 
  reward calmness . 
  then you gradually decreases the distance to the cars until she 's able to be calm around them . 
  remember , if she actually panics , you 're way to close and need to step back and give her more time and distance . 
   all dogs look for dominace and will try to be the dominant one in the `` pack '' . 
  actually , dominance theory have been thoroughly [ debunked ] ( https://positively.com/dog-training/myths-truths/pack-theory-debunked/ ) several times over the last few decades . 
  this makes me so mad !, 
  they are acting like martyrs being unfairly prosecuted in their quest for freedom while they basically killed their toddler . 
  you do not fuck with meningitis and they absolutely should be convicted for it . 
  if they are it will probably just increase their sense of martyrdom , though . 
  people like that do n't just admit to being wrong . 
  this is magnificent !, 
  it sounds like you 're giving the pup a great home !, 
  i really try to avoid them , but they are so big they 're practically everywhere . 
  honestly , if somebody comes to my house and do n't like or are afraid of dogs i make sure my dog does n't bother them . 
  if they 're uncomfortable with him being loose i usually just lock him in a room while the company is there . 
  guests are guests and it wo n't hurt my dog to chill in my bedroom for a while . 
  yeah , me too . 
  i love my mom , and she 's a kind and caring person , but i always walk away feeling worse about myself after talking to her . 
  and then she wonders why i do n't call her more often . . 
  i prefer larger kibble for my small dog since he 'll chew them better if they 're a little larger . 
  if they 're too small he 'll just swallow them whole . 
  i would start teaching impulse control . 
  something like it 's yer choice is a great way to start and depending on the dog you can advance fairly quickly . 
  also a stop/leave it command could be good to get down . 
  some puppies have a hard time calming down inside the house even when their physical and mental needs are met . 
  they then need help to calm down and the owners need to teach them . 
  i 'm not quite sure why you think using the crate would be so much better for the pup , but in my country where crating are n't very normal , it 's not uncommon to restrain the pup by holding it or tying it to the coffee table or something to help it calm down . 
  i do n't understand what this app is supposed to do . 
  is it a camera ? 
  a video editing program ? 
  because that already exists . 
  does that mean you use an h-harness or no harness at all ? 
  we 've had both in the past and he does n't seem to care either way . 
  so it 's up to the humans . 
  i meant to write y-harness , not h !, 
  that 's exactly my argumentation on why i prefer a y , because i feel like the h limits the movements of the front legs , which your sources seem to back up . 
  i prefer using a harness over a collar though , because there 's no risk of hurting the trachea and , honestly , it fits all our needs . 
  hm , those are not good points for the k9 at all !, 
  no , i 'm norwegian . 
  i would call those y-harnesses . 
  y-harnesses go between the front legs and up in front of each shoulder , creating a y-shape when seen from below . 
  h-harnesses have one strap around the body and one strap across the front of the chest making it resemble an h-shape when viewed from above . 
  it 's a very nice place indeed . 
  amazing food and the wine is divine . 
  first of all this is 100 % your decision and i 'm sure you will do right by your dog whatever you decide to do . 
  i was wondering if you had seen a trainer or a behaviourist at all ? 
  she seems pretty well behaved and i 'm thinking maybe if you got some confirmation from a professional it could help you put your mind at ease . 
  if you go this route i would be honest and upfront about your thoughts and what your fears are , especially regarding children and i 'm sure the professional would be able to assess the risk for you . 
  you 've gotten a lot of great advice here so i would just like to chime in that it could be good for your bonding to set aside maybe 5 minutes here and 5 minutes there to teach her stuff . 
  when all she does is poop and chew and annoy everything becomes very negative and by accomplishing something together ( for instance a sit and stay ) you get some positive as well . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aidkdba_wmo ) is a great video to get you started . 
  when : fairly regularly , usually several times a week . 
  where : anywhere we 're not too close to traffic or we would be a nuisance to people or other dogs ( i.e. 
  it 's too crowded ) .
