  cheese , sausage , ham , dried meats , dried fish , anything with a strong , tasty scent . 
  experiment and you 'll find out what works for your dog . 
  in which way is he agressive ? 
  if you mean the humping , thats not an agressive behaviour . 
  there are generally speaking two main reasons for humping : sexual frustration and stress . 
  it can also be a learned , self-satisfying behaviour , but hopefully he 's too young for that to be an issue , as that is much harder to train out . 
  if it 's sexual frustration neutering would be advicable , and , as you said , that 's not an option right now , so i 'll focus on stress being the reason . 
  how is he before and when he starts humping ? 
  does he seem stressed or restless in any way ? 
  are there any correlation between him getting scolded , having recieved a lot of stimuli etc. 
  and humping ? 
  is he able to calm down on his own ? 
  is he a calm dog inside ? 
  have you done any calming excersises with him ? 
  many questions , i know !, 
  if i were you , i would would try not scolding him for the humping for a period of time and see how he responds . 
  instead i would focus on him to calm down . 
  if he has a good sit/down and stay command i would use that every time he tries to hump . 
  ( calmly ) reward calm behaviour and reinforce him being calm inside while simultaniously making sure he gets his energy out outside . 
  be consistent and carry treats at all times if necessery , 
  hope this helps !, 
  honestly . . his house , his rules . 
  it seems unfair , yes , but as long as he 's the owner of the property and you rent , he makes the decisions and there 's really nothing you can do about it besides getting tour own place . 
  in the meantime , enjoy your stepdog , 
  we do n't call him `` the inspector '' for nothing . 
  i would focus on getting a rock solid sit-command . 
  when he `` gets this wild look in his eyes '' be on top of it and ask him to sit before the humping starts - reward , reward , reward !, 
  humping is a self-rewarding behaviour and you need to make it a better option for him to place his butt on the floor and be still . 
  til schipperkes in america are classified as non-working breed . 
  i wonder how that influences their drive and temprament . 
  they definately look different . 
  of course !, 
  :d [ these ] ( http://www.hundefotografie-workshops.de/bilder/schipperke-21.jpg ) are what i think of as typical [ scandinavian ] ( http://vissasen.net/kennelblog/media/users/kaijar/comments/p28/faksimilfelixculpa2_aijaliuhkonen.jpg?mtime=1339663622 ) schipperkes , while [ this ] ( http://d21vu35cjx7sd4.cloudfront.net/dims3/mmah/crop/0x0%2b0%2b0/resize/645x380/quality/90/?url=http%3a%2f%2fs3.amazonaws.com%2fassets.prod.vetstreet.com%2fd2%2f2974f0a80511e0a0d50050568d634f%2ffile%2fshipperke-1-645mk062811.jpg ) seems to be the [ american ] ( http://www.faksimil-schipperke.se/bilder/dantes-heres.jpg ) variety . 
  as you can see the american seems to be a bit heavier / stockier in the body and have a thicker coat . 
  they 're also , of course , missing their tails . 
  for good measure , [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/aitnl2d ) my full blood norwegian schipperke , 
  i do to , 
  you 've gotten some great advice here so i 'll just supplement with a few tips . 
  you should not `` use up '' the recall as it will weaken the more you use it without her responding . 
  if you fear you 've already done that , pick a new one and start over . 
  if she does n't respond the first time you call , you need to change your approach . 
  one technique that seems to be quite effective with many dogs is to turn your back on her ( you , of course , need to be in a secure area for this ) , run as fast as you can , arms flailing and call her to you in a `` funny '' tone of voice . 
  then quickly crouch down , still with your back to her . 
  when she ( hopefully ) comes around you to see what is going on all the fun in the world ensues !, 
  if she 's really food motivated , she gets super tasty treats , if she loves playing , whip out her favorite toy , if she loves cuddles you have a super cuddle session . 
  then you let her go or throw the toy for her to chase or whatever . 
  9 out of 10 times should be catch and release with really high reward for responding . 
  you want her to want to come to you for the chance of reward , not to choose not to come to you for the fear of being leashed and that all the fun will stop . 
  if she is toy motivated i suggest making a `` super-toy '' for her . 
  you make a super toy by buying a really cool toy that 's not to similar to any toys she currently has ( we use a furry , fox-like , sqeekytoy ) . 
  this is your toy and she only gets to play with it when you instigate it and together with you . 
  it 's very important not to let her play with it alone as that will make its value go down . 
  whenever you play with it it should be a super high energy and fun play session , when you 're done playing you put it away and she ca n't play with it anymore . 
  you can put it somewhere she can see it , but ca n't reach it ; her pining for it might increase it 's value . 
  stop playing with it when the play session is at a peak , do not wait for her to get tired of it , always stop on top . 
  if she takes to the super-toy you can incorporate it in your recall training . 
  when she 's a good girl and comes when called ( or checks in ) you whip out the super-toy and have a quick play session . 
  you should n't use it so often you use it up , but often enough so that it 's worth it for her to respond or check in in case you 'll whip it out . 
  i was actually pleasantly surprised when i saw the bulldog as she had a much lighter and well-shaped body than bulldogs often have . 
  still a bit too overexaggerated in the face for my liking , but hopefully it 's a shift in the right direction that a fairly modest looking dog ( you know , in comparison ) got such a high placement in such a prestigious show . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  i actually really like them ( although my boy has some serious beef with our neighbours bulldog ) and i would love to see them bred in a more moderate , healthier manner , which is why i was so delighted to see this one . 
  which was your favorite in the group ? 
  i , of course , rooted for the schipperke , but they never get through to best in show and was really excited to see the norwegian lundehund ( puffindog ) represented , although they are not a good show breed and always look as if they would rather be anywhere else but in the ring . 
  there is a saying in norway that translates to something like `` dead dogs do n't suffer '' . 
  just beacause he 's not physically ill does n't mean he has a good quality of life , mental illness can be just as crippling , also in dogs . 
  it sounds to me like he spends most of his time being fearful and stressed out and that is not a happy dog . 
  only you can make this decision , but i , for one , would not fault you for humanely getting him put down . 
  especially considering his age and how long you have been working on him . 
  i would , however , absolutely not advice you to get him a `` companion dog '' as another commenter suggested . 
  it seems like you have your hands full with the one you already have and you do not need the stress and added responsibility by adding another dog to the mix . 
   one of the best dogs i 've ever had i got from a lady in quebec who had her own dogsled team . 
  had to sell a pup to cover some vet bills . 
  i paid $ 300 and she 's just amazing and very healthy . 
  sled dogs are awesome . 
  people who breed sled dogs are kind of in their own category , though , as they will breed mutts ( unregistered mixes ) , but will do so with deliberation and intent to create great sled dogs . 
  so not necessarily your average byb who happened to have dog that was just sooo cute they wanted puppies on it . 
  yeah , that 's the problem of having an intact male . 
  mine just goes around howling for a week when a neighbours bitch is in heat . 
  you can try taking him on a walk far away from your neighbourhood so he can have som rest from the overwhelming smells . 
  also lavendel / eucalyptus oil sounds like a good tip . 
  worth a shot . 
  so you 're already familiar with the concept . 
  the point is to reward him with something that has really high value to him when he comes when called , wether that is cheese , sausage , a toy , you etc. 
  the thing with creating a super-toy is that you raise it 's value every time you use it so it can be quite effective . 
  how old is she ? 
  were the bulldog male or female ? 
  how about the two dogs she played nicely with ? 
  have she ever been allowed to interact with other dogs for longer than 3 seconds on a leash besides this time ? 
  if she is young i would advice you to arrange a playdate with an older , calm , assertive dog of the opposite sex , the other dog should be bigger and stronger in case she acts up . 
  start slow with both on leashes and progress according to their behaviour towards eachother . 
  bulldogs are kind of notoriously hard to read for other dogs , and it seems they are often percieved as threatening , so it might have been a one off . 
  the dog park is a horrible place if you 're not sure about your dog , mostly because you never know the kind of dog that 's going to be there or if their owner has any kind of control . 
  better to socialize in a safe , controlled enviroment until you 're sure . 
  you can also try not walking so much , but rather go out in the woods ( or whatever is near you , just a new and exciting place ) and sit down there while the puppy runs around exploring things . 
  they do n't need much physical excersise at that age and running around sniffing and exploring will tire him out well enough . 
  this also means he can stop running whenever he wants to have a break and feel tired . 
  that 's what it 's like in my country also . 
  in the countries biggest [ shelter/rescue ] ( http://www.fod.no/hunder-til-omplassering/ ) ( never new what the difference was ) there are a total of 13 adoptable dogs so it 's very normal to buy dogs from breeders . 
  narrow down what breed you want , you can use the questionnaire and create a post in this sub , and find a good breeder .
