  the first few times you should just step barely out of the dogs sight before returning . 
  if the dog stays , throw him a treat , if he gets up , tell him to lay down , stay , and try again . 
  increase the time you leave him as he gets better . 
  you can also look up `` it 's yer choice '' on youtube , which is a great technique for teaching the dog impulse control . 
  as for when the dog is completely alone , you just have to make sure there is absolutely nothing edible he can get to . 
  since you ca n't be there to control the situation you have to make sure the dog ca n't reinforce her own behaviour by finding and eating food . 
  * edit : i forgot to answer your other question . 
   also , our other dog has been taught certain behaviors and he does them regardless of whether we 're in the room or not . 
  does this mean he 's dumber because `` people in room '' and `` people out of room '' are not two different situations to him ? 
  i does ` nt necesseraly mean he 's dumber , more likely he just does ` nt have the same food drive your beagle has and therefore does ` nt spend his time trying to get to the food in the same way . 
  the beagle learnt it by continually trying to get to it until it worked and discovers the only time it works is when your not in the room . 
  the other one probably has a more relaxed relationship with food and probably only tried a few times , got told off , and that was that . 
  i do n't know your dogs though , so thats just an educated guess . 
  oooh ... !, 
  i think i would still put my money on it just being a bit horny . 
  i have read your post several times now and i am really puzzled about why your being downvoted . . did i miss something ? 
  too young to say . 
  i see more saluki than whippet tbh . 
  your poor brother !, 
  that is just incredibly inconsiderate , to get a dog when on of the members in the household is that allergic . . 
  anyways , you need to make it more fun not to bite your feet . 
  put on some thick socks when you are near the dog and when the dog charges at you , you freeze up and just stand there . 
  no talking , no moving , no eyecontact , just stand there ( hence the thick socks ) . 
  when the dog stops and sits down ( or lays down , or looses interest ) you make treats rain from the sky !, 
  biting feet = superboring , not biting feet = treats are flying . 
  it 's like my mother always said ; being poor is expensive . 
   when we picked him up from the pound everyone in the room looked like they wanted to punch my brother because he was sniffling every second . 
  sometimes i get surprised by how much people know about eachother . . :p, 
  but yeah , ask your vet op , and look at the dogs diet . 
  the wonderful thing about a puppy that young is that it will follow you everywhere . 
  walk away from it and when it inevitably comes running after you , use your recall command and voila !, 
  free recall training !, 
  also , focus like somebody else said . 
  it 's probably one of the ( if not the ) most useful thing you can teach it . 
  once you 've got that down you have the foundation down for the rest of your training `` career '' and it 's a lot easier to work with the dog . 
  show the dog a treat , then hold it right next to your eyes . 
  the puppy will probably stare at the treat , but the second it shifts his eyes to yours he reward . 
  use a saound or a command you want to use for contact and train it in like you would any other command . 
  impulse control . 
  i 've mentioned it before on this sub , but search for `` it 's yer choice '' on youtube . 
  not only is it useful and practical to teach your dog impulse control around food ( and other things ) but the basic steps are very nice to teach a puppy as well as a calming excersise . 
  also , take your puppy out to see the world and experience new things . 
  i once read that by the time your puppy was 12 weeks old it should have been exposed to 12 varieties of different experienses . 
  walking on 12 different types of ground ( ? 
  not a native english speaker and i ca n't for the life of me remember the correct term ) for instance grass , gravel , sand , stones , concrete etc , 12 different breeds of dogs , of all sizes ( make sure they 're good with puppies and well socialized ) , 12 different types of people ( men women , children , bearded , white , black , in full winter gear etc ) , you get the idea . 
  it 's kind of fun finding out new things you can try to reach twelve of . 
  and congratulation on the puppy !, 
  :d keep training , it 's so much fun to work with a dog that has learned from puppyhood that learning and training is super fun !, 
  warm water and vinegar . 
  soak the stain , then sprinkle a good layer of corn flour over it . 
  leave it over night and vacuum it out . 
  repeat if necessary . 
  vinegar is an odor neutrelizer , but you really want to get the urine out of the carpet or it will start smelling again . 
  this is where the corn flour comes in . 
  it very absorbent and soaks up the moisture , including the old urine . 
  is it a wall to wall carpet ? 
  if not , spinkle a good amount of corn flour under the rug aswell . 
  it will be more effective . 
  this trick worked wonders when we had a not yet housetrained puppy and a fabric couch . 
  apparently op edited the post , but i was like what ? 
  i do not remember this from ace ventura !, 
  i 've had adults come up to me and pet my dog when i 'm holding him in my arms ( small dog ) . 
  without even acknowledging me at all , no eyecontact , no greeting , just walks right up and start petting the dog on my arm . 
  it 's happened several times actualy , with different people . 
  my dog has no time for strangers though , so he 'll tell them off with some loud barking , then the people will jump back , look super confused and keep walking . 
  people are so weird . 
  in my experience , kids are a lot better about asking before aproaching than adults . 
  seeing as the us has a pretty big wealth gap it 's not unthinkable that the average shows good health even if the poorest in the country ca n't afford it . 
  well , no , not excactly . 
  it 's true that a small percentage of the population has a disproportionate amount of the wealth ( 1 % owns over 40 % of the wealth , i think ) , but that does not mean 99 % of the population is dirt poor and ca n't afford proper healthcare . 
  you still have a significant [ middle class ] ( http://www.faculty.fairfield.edu/faculty/hodgson/courses/so11/stratification/incomewealth.png ) perfectly capable of paying for ( or have a job who offers ) healthcare insurance . 
  the problem is the poorest who ca n't afford to - and they are the ones free healthcare protects . 
  it 's a persistent misconception but being a firm leader does not mean being threatening ( because you are threatening when you hold a dog to the ground as punishment , especially a puppy ) . 
  i 'm a big fan of victoria stillwell , if you look at her videos , you wo n't exactly call her a weak leader ? 
  she 's definitely displaying firm leadership . 
  it 's about consistency , about setting rules for the dog and following through . 
  it 's about being fair , praising when the dog is good , but also correcting wrong behavior every single time ( not by kicking , choking , poking and forcefully pinning down ) . 
  on another note , the worst video i can think of with cm , he is `` working '' with a husky that 's `` aggressive '' . 
  he literally lifts the poor dog up by a choke collar ( !, 
  ) , the dog is fighting back because it ca n't breathe , but gradually becomes still , laying on the ground with open mouth and glazed eyes while cm praised how `` calm and submissive '' it 's being . 
  more like almost choked to death . . 
  i 'm on mobile so ca n't link , but maybe you could show that video to your dad and ask what he thought about it ? 
  could be an interesting discussion , and he might see some faults in his training methods . 
  he does have some good points about the dog needing excersise , being consistent , reckognising and reading body language , being mindful of your own body language etc. 
  the problem is that the whole philosophy on which he bases his training have been thoroughly debunked over the last few decades . 
  dogs does not vew human beings as dogs , they are not trying to be pack leaders , they do n't try to dominate us . 
  if you have a basic understanding of canine body language you can see that often times after cm and trainers like him are done working on a dog the dog does not look `` calm and submissive '' , it looks broken , nervous and displays an array of calming signals towards the trainer to make them not hurt them again . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_w5i5rmdb8 ) is an example on what is bad cms training methods ( sorry for the bad quality , this is a very controversial video so they apparently removed the original ) . 
  from around 8:20 you can see him walking a husky . 
  the husky looks at the other dog , cm kicks it in the belly , the dog does not like that and cm ends up choking the dog with a choke collar until it gives up and lays on the ground gasping for air . 
  if i remember correctly that dog was a rescue and was taken back by the rescue organization after this episode aired du to `` animal cruelty '' . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=opc_wmc4zmm ) is another one from around 4:30 . 
  dog is scared of walking in stairs , cm drags all 140 pounds of it up the stairs using , again , a choke collar . 
  how do you think this helps the dog to not be afraid of stairs anymore ? 
  i have no idea . . 
  watch some victoria stilwell [ videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6npqmvu6oqs ) ( or other videos from positive trainers ) and report back wether or not you can justify poking , kicking , choking , threatening , pulling , pinching and yanking when there are so many more humane ways to do it with equal ( if not better ) results . 
  i actually use a retractable leash regularly and find it very useful . 
  i live in a city center and do n't have a lot of opportunity to let my dog off leash without doing some traveling first . 
  so having a retractable leash allows my dog to run around , smell stuff and act more `` natural '' on our walks in the park . 
  the reason why it works for us though , is that we are considerate of others and we have a well trained dog .
