  you 'll get there eventually , it 'll just take time , dedication and really small steps , 
  with that amount of excercise i would definately consider one of the more docile companion breeds and go down a size or two . 
  [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/companion_group ) is a list of some of the breeds that are considered to be companion breeds by some ( not necessarily all ) kennel clubs . 
  some of those breeds i would definately not recommend based on your projections for physical stimulation , for instance boston terrier , dalmation , miniature pinscher and schipperke , but have a look at them and see if any of those could fit your lifestyle . 
  when you say `` running around for at least 45 minutes '' , do you mean running around the yard , playing , going for a run with the dog ( jogging ) or what ? 
  most dogs can be left alone for a period of time as long as it has been properly conditioned to it , its needs for physical and mental stimulation has been met and there are no underlying issue preventing it from it ( e.g. 
  seperation anxiety etc ) . 
  if you for instance have a malinois and its only excercise is to run around the yard with it 45 minutes a day , it probably wo n't do well being left alone for 6-7 hours a day . 
  if it gets 5-6 hours of solid work , treks and mental stimulation it will probably do a lot better . 
  extreme breed , i know , but i 'm making a point . 
  honestly , you could have a ton of breeds !, 
  i think any of the spaniels could fit you , either the english cocker , american cocker , clumber , welsh springer , field , king charles or cavalier king charles spaniel . 
  i could also see a poodle , a boston terrier , a danish swedish farm dog , pinscher or an austrian pinscher although some of these might be too small for you ( ? ) . 
  i could also see you with a shiba , eurasier , whippet and plenty of the spitz breeds , though you would sacrifice some trainability ( or biddable personalities ) with these breeds . 
  do you have any more pointers towards what type of personality you would want in your dog to narrow it down ? 
  a week ago we were at our first dog show training class . 
  draco is terrified of standing on the table . 
  of course i could just refrain from showing him but he 's equally afraid of the table at the vets office so it 's something i really want to fix . 
  plus i think showing is really fun , and he is really handsome , so that would be a bonus . 
  anyway , the instructor were really good and after just a few minutes of her sweet-talking and feeding him chicken , she was able to look at his teeth , touch his body and run her hands down his legs . 
  i was honestly amazed at how quickly he calmed down , but she just had this calm , gentle demeanor which really worked for him . 
  he is still apprehensive and not at all comfortable , but no tail tucked between his legs and he only tried to climb into my my arms a couple of times before going back to taking treats from the instructor ( which , on the table , is pretty remarkable by itself ) , so i 'm feeling very hopeful we 'll get there eventually . 
  i did state in my post that going for a spitz type breed would mean sacrificing some trainability . 
  and although most spitz breeds would n't fit , there are several that would . 
  besides the ones i already listed american eskimo dog , japanese spitz , german spitz and norwegian lundehund all could be good fits . 
  though they would n't check all the boxes in the original post ( trainability ) . 
  i did not advice them to get a husky , nor a chow . 
  we had such a nice weather here today so we went for a nice , long walk in the mountains . 
  we had a whole pack with us today with a total of 5 dogs and we were able to keep them off-leash for most of the trek . 
  4 hours of climbing ( and descending ) a mountain in deep snow while romping around with 4 other dogs makes for a happily exhausted dog . 
  besides a quick evening walk , he 's been sleeping since we came back . 
  all in all a very nice sunday . 
  ok , thanks . 
  what do you mean by every so often ? 
  every day ? 
  because , even though he does n't lick as much as he did before we took him to the vet , it smells several times a day and it 's quite strong . 
  i think i 'm leaning towards contacting the vet again . 
  yeah , we 're considering getting some more raw food and possibly bone back into his diet to get his stool a bit harder . 
  from what i 've been reading it seems like the right diet can have a big impact . 
  yeah , we 're definitely going back to have him checked again . 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i 'm definitely taking him back to the vet . 
  she did n't say anything , but she might have forgotten as there were a bitch in heat in the waiting room area and my dog went absolutely mental . 
  guess the stress at having his glands emptied + bitch in heat right in front of him got a bit much for him . 
  when i think about it , even if she did say something i might not have registered it because i was too busy handling the train wreck at the end of my lead . 
  really ? 
  i never heard that before . 
  we fed him raw the first year or so of his life after recommendations from his breeder and i know a lot of experienced dog people who swear by it . 
  we 'll probably just supplement with it , though , as full feeding raw became a bit of a hassle . 
  he did have a lot healthier looking stools when we did , though . 
  ok , i 'll look in to that . 
  thanks !, 
  when my dog was little he was always getting in the way so we would have to sidestep , step over him and do weird little dances to avoid stepping on him . 
  after a while of this not getting any better we decided we had to do something because of the potential risks involved : him being stepped on so hard it could hurt him or , perhaps more of a concern , if he stepped in front of my grandfather and tripped him . 
  so we started to just keep walking if he stepped in front of us . 
  being aware that he was there made it controlled enough so that he did n't get hurt while it was uncomfortable enough for him to get shuffelled aside by legs and feet that he started to show a bit of spacial awareness around us . 
  he 's pretty good about it now . 
  lucky for us , we 're already working on this . 
  i still do n't think we 'll be able to do it in a month , though , as he still throws his butt out to the side instead of backing up in a straight line , so i need to work on that before i can add any serious height . 
  fun trick though !, 
  not a lot . 
  he is a well adjusted , adult dog so he should be able to deal with days where he does n't get as much exercise or affection as he 's used to . 
  if it happens more than once over a limited time period i 'll take him on a proper hike so he gets all his energy out and/or do some harder mental exercises , but once in a while does n't matter that much in the long run . 
  yes !, 
  we 've been doing nosework in our tiny appartment since he was a pup . 
  leave him in one room while you hide treats around the place . 
  at first you should place some easy ones at noselevel or on the floor to motivate him to keep looking aswell as some trickier placements . 
  give a `` search '' command and let him go search . 
  i also do this with bullysticks , pigsears and etc. 
  what do you do in the morning ? 
  do you let her out in the yard or go for a walk ? 
  if you do the former it might be helpful to go for a walk instead , both to get her system going and to keep her moving with you instead of running after squirrels . 
  also , how much exercise does she get in the morning ? 
  it would probably be good to give her more than a potty break before being left alone a whole day . 
   first is , if he barks ignore him . 
  when people enter the house have them ignore him until he calms down . 
  you want him to think barking is useless and not rewarded with attention . 
  this really depends on the dog . 
  some dogs enjoy the sound of their voice so much that the act of barking becomes self-rewarding if they 're just allowed to do it . 
  among other things , my dogs breed were bred to be alerting watchdogs , so when we got him as a puppy he alerted us to anyone or anything daring to enter his domain . 
  we live in an appartment building , so this included people walking in the hallway outside our door , people hanging out in our communal green area ( where we pottytrained and worked on off leash skills ) and , god forbid , people entering our appartment . 
  he even went through a phase were he would run towards people , barking his head off . 
  i feel bad for our neighbours , but luckily he was a teeny tiny puppy at the time . 
  anytime he barked at someone we would call him back to us , have him sit and gave him plenty of tasty treats . 
  sometimes he would come back , get a treat , then run off barking again wich meant repeating the whole process . 
  after a while , though , he would bark a bit , then run over to us , sit and wait for a treat before we had time to call him over and eventually he came over and sat down the minute he saw someone approaching or heard somebody on the other side of the door . 
  i see you write that you are not always home , but with a project like this everybody in the household needs to be on board and the training has to be consistent whichever method you choose . 
  if different members of the household use different approaches this could be an incredibly difficult behaviour to curb . 
  oh , absolutely !, 
  `` bags cause fear & reluctance '' hahaha !, 
  how about carrying a huge disc full of dog poop , which you then have to wash unless you want it stained with old dog poop ? 
  and what if your dog poops more than once ? 
  mine usually poops at least two times on a good walk , do i need a bag for all my dog poop discs ? 
  i am not surprised this did n't reach funding :p, 
  what is `` major '' ? 
  i show my dog , but not in the us and i 've never heard that terminology before . 
  i see . 
  that is a very different system than here in norway . 
  here you get something called cert . 
  a cert is given if the judge thinks the dog is of champion-quality and you need three certs to become a champion , whereof one has to be a `` big cert '' - acquired at a national dog show .
