  another one is spinach for the same reason . 
  ( sorry , i know i totally missed the point of your post i just thought i 'd mention it since you mentioned kale ! ), 
  bergen , norway, 
  how did it go , u/grantmitch1 ? 
  awesome !, 
  glad i could help !, 
  agree with everything being mention this far . 
  also , make piles or have containers to throw things in , divided in throwing out , keeping and donating so that you can sort through things quickly without spending time on putting things away . 
  this way you will see progress a lot quicker , which is good for motivation . 
  this !, 
  my boyfriend used to call our baby an asshole when he was being fussy , but him , or anyone , calling my son bad names just did n't sit right with me so i asked him to stop . 
  talk to your husband , op !, 
  if i notice it fairly quickly , like less than one or two hours of work , i redo it . 
  if i 've done too much i decide to keep going , always regret it and the imperfection is always the first thing i see when looking at the work ever after . 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  it has a really soft and silky feel to it . 
  i have n't worked with alpaca before , but i can absolutely recommend it , especially for baby stuff , though it 's not the easiest fabric i 've worked with . 
  thank you !, 
  starting to use a dryer for our clothes reduced the amount of dust and dog hairs so much !, 
  also remember to dust all surfaces also high up so it does n't just fall down more once your finished as well as vacuuming and mopping well under furniture for the same reason . 
  start from the top and work your way down and change bedding / shake couch cushions before vacuuming the floor etc. 
  in the long run : go see your doctor and get a prescription for medication to stop migraine attacks . 
  right now : drink lots of water , stay in a cool , well ventilated place , avoid loud noises and sharp light and maybe drink some coffee ( caffeine helps me , but i know it just makes it worse for some people ) . 
  feel better soon !, 
  those are everywhere here in norway !, 
  and i literally just ordered a pair for myself . 
  norway reporting in . 
  i remember riding boots being a thing here probably about 5 years or so ago , but since then it 's been ankle boots all the way . 
  do you have to leave the house to pay bills ? 
  where do you live ? 
  yeah , i 've kind of been in a rut lately so i would be up for that . 
  what are you writing ? 
  i think a crab stitch looks really nice as an edge . 
  i would wipe it down thoroughly with clean water several times , changing the water between each time , then airing it out properly and hope for the best . 
  i 'm making a blanket for my niece and i 'm so unsure whether or not i should block the squares before assembling ... on one hand it locks much better and crisper after it 's blocked and the edges will be straight instead of concave . 
  on the other hand it loses a lot of it 's softness which is a bummer . 
  the pre-blocked squares feels way nicer to the touch . 
  it 's 100 % merino wool btw . 
  top square in picture is blocked , bottom is not . 
  what would you guys do ? 
  i just made a baby blanket using 100 % alpaca and it was amazingly soft and silky feeling . 
  i believe it was from drops . 
  wow , that 's amazing !, 
  and the colour scheme is beautiful . 
  gorgeous !, 
  do you have a pattern ? 
  are you using fabric softener ? 
  a dryer is way harsher on your clothes anyway so you wo n't harm them any more by line drying them . 
  fabric softener should stop them from getting stiff , remember to spread them out and leave air between items to help them dry properly and anything that becomes heavy and stretchable when wet ( like wool ) should be laid flat to dry instead of hung to make sure they do n't lose their shape . 
  yeah , it 's more of a special gift type yarn , but i think you can wash it in the machine on wool setting , no ? 
  i know it 's not how you 're `` supposed '' to do it , but i make an alternative budget ynab and register expected income for a month and divide it out to see if we can handle bigger financial changes . 
  it 's a black book reference . 
  i am just starting my first novel after brooding the story for a long time . 
  i have written a number of short stories and poetry before , but this is my first big project and i would love to have a writing partner bounce ideas off of and critique my work . 
  this is , of course , a two way street and i will not be polite , rather honest in my feedback to you , and i expect the same courtesy from you . 
  english is not my native language so i will write in norwegian and translate it into english . 
  i am fluent in english so i do n't think it will pose to much of a problem . 
  if you are interested , please send me a pm or write me a comment . 
  i 'm asking for a friend who wants a new dog and are looking for a small breed she can do agility with ( she has only competed with bigger breeds until now ) . 
  i can imagine they are good at it , mine certanly would be , but are they good enough to excel next to , say , a sheltie ? 
  we 've started talking about adding a second dog to our household and were looking for some tips to which breed we should look at this time around . 
  we already have our eyes on some breeds but it would be fun to see if we 've overlooked some that could suit us . 
  ** do you have other pets ? 
  we have a two year old schipperke . 
  a wonderful , well behaved little ball of energy . 
  ** who do you live with or are you single ? 
  i live with my boyfriend of three years . 
  ** how much shedding , barking , farting and drooling can you tolerate ? 
  all of it is fine except for drooling . 
  i find excessive drooling a bit icky . 
  then again the thought of finding dog hair in my food used to repulse me and look at me now . 
  ** how much grooming do you want to do , or how often can you pay a professional to groom him ? 
  brushing and regular grooming i can do however often is necessary , however i would like to avoid having to trim and pull hair . 
  ** what 's your activity level ? 
  i would say medium . 
  ** how much time a day can you give to walking and playing with the dog ? 
  i would imagine keeping it at the same level as we do with our current dog . 
  absolute minimum is one hour walking a day , usually it 's two hours , sometimes three or more . 
  we have playtime sporadically throughout the day , meet dogfriends he can run around with and have around 10-30 minutes of obedience training , mental training or nosework a day . 
  ** how often will the dog be left alone and for how long ? 
  right now our dog is alone between 2 and 7 hours three to four days a week . 
  my work situation could change though , but at most it would be 8 hours a day 5 days a week . 
  ** if needed , could you hire someone to walk your dog when you ca n't be home , pay for a doggy daycare , or come home at lunch to break up the day for him ? 
  i could hire a dog walker if it should become necessary . 
  ** how trainable does your dog need to be ? 
  i enjoy having a well trained dog and think dog training is fun . 
  so i would like an intelligent , handler oriented breed . 
  ** how important is having your dog off-leash ? 
  very important . 
  being able to have him off leash when we meet our dog friends for playtime and hiking in the mountains without having to constrain it is very important to me . 
  ** do you live in an apartment ? 
  or moving in the next 5 years ? 
  we live in an apartment and will probably buy a house or an apartment within 5 years . 
  ** are there breed or size restrictions ( understanding that some breeds may make it more difficult to find housing ) ? 
  there are a few illegal breeds in my country :, 
  pitbull terrier ,, 
  american staffordshire terrier ,, 
  none of those would have been an option anyway though . 
  in addition i do not want a bully breed as they are usually quite hard with their body when they play and our current dog has had some unfortunate experiences with friendly but clumsy boxers , bulldogs and the likes .
