  if you lie tummy to tummy while he 's breastfeeding you wo n't have to support him with your hands so it might be easier for you . 
  other than that i 'm so sorry this happened to you !, 
  your family sounds incredibly unsupportive . 
  why did your ped recommend pumping so often ? 
  normally it 's recommended to increase supply by allowing baby to feed as often as they want to and maximum 2-3 hours apart , including during the night . 
  the ped might have had their reasons to recommend pumping additionally though , which is why i 'm asking . 
  the first couple of weeks i often co slept with my baby . 
  cosleeping can be perfectly safe if done properly and since you often fall asleep during breastfeeding , i would make sure i had a safe cosleeping environment while breastfeeding , just in case . 
  the bed should be firm so that baby does n't roll towards you , she should have her own light , baby blanket or duvet , the room should not be too warm and you should not have used any tobacco or alcohol . 
  we use a babynest in the sofa and a cradle next to the sofa for daytime naps . 
  the stroller is also a popular choice either in the outer hallway where it is cooler or outside . 
  all flat surfaces . 
  swaddling is not normal in my country and we 've never done it . 
  he sleeps fine without it so i do n't think i would stress it if your baby does n't like it . 
  we 've used these sort of sleeping bags that looks like a tank top on the top so his arms are free , but are considering switching to a baby-duvet that we will attach at the bottom of the bed so it does n't glide up . 
  laying him on his stomach and letting him wiggle and work on lifting his head always seems to produce at least a few burps and farts with our little one . 
  other than that we 've had great success with the position where baby is sitting on your lap and you sort of gently swivel his upper body to burp him . 
  van morrison 's astral week album and cat stevens . 
  when mine were eleven days old it felt like he was constantly latched on my boobs . 
  like , i would just get comfy in the sofa and sit there for hours on end because he only wanted to feed all the time . 
  this is completely normal . 
  as long as he has frequent wet diapers , regular , yellow-ish poops and gains weight the way he should , he gets enough to eat , you have enough milk . 
  breastfeeding is so much more than just nutrition . 
  it 's comfort , safety , pain relief and an amazing way to build a bond with your new little human . 
  be sure to make yourself comfortable , though . 
  make a little nest in front of the tv where you have everything you need within reach : tv-remote , cellphone , laptop , a book , water , snacks etc. 
  try to make it enjoyable . 
  when you say you have use your fingers to keep your breast clear of his nose . . are you sure you 're latching correctly ? 
  he should have to reach for the breast a little , stretching his neck so that the top parts of his face is tilted away from the breast , leaving his nose free , like [ so ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bewhhi6cj3k ) . 
  also , congratulations !, 
  yes , i would definitely try to feed him longer on one breast and see if it helps . 
  the fat comes at the end so if you switch too fast he might not get everything he needs . 
  i guess the golden rule is that if baby seems content with eating at one breast you leave him to eat , if he starts fussing like he 's not getting any more milk out you switch sides . 
  it might help with sleep too , as the fatty milk often makes them sleepy . 
  edit : mine almost never eats from both breasts in one feed . 
  if he falls asleep or let 's go of the breast for any reason and then ask for more , i always try the same breast again first to see if there 's enough left before offering the other one if he does n't seem happy . 
  thanks !, 
  anyone watching the agility novice final on right now ? 
  i love this one as you see so many different breeds instead of just shelties and border collies . 
  no hate on them , but they do dominate the other classes quite a bit . 
  i 'm surprised at the amount of spaniels to be honest . 
  i do n't generally think of them as particularly fast dogs , but they 're really killing it !, 
  no , i 'm in norway so it 's probably a regional thing . 
  you did n't like it ? 
  i love a nice poodle as much as anyone , but all three in the shortlist ? 
  and two of them placed ?? 
  come on !, 
  i 'm not sure about the age thing , but i believe the dogs are experienced show dogs made available by their breeders/owners . 
  the handlers pick which breed they wish to handle and get , i believe , 30 minutes to get to know the dog before showing it . 
  then they swap dogs and get 5 minutes to get to know a dog not of their choice of breed before showing it . 
  so disappointed after gun dog group !, 
  there were so many amazingly beautiful dogs like the pointer , the flat and the vizsla ( seriously , how could that not be shortlisted ? 
  it was gorgeous ! ), 
  and she goes for the am . 
  cocker ? 
  i 've never swaddled so i ca n't really answer your question , but if your 're swaddling for big parts of the day , are n't you going to miss a lot of hunger ques ? 
  like i said , i 'm not familiar with it , so i might be confused as to how you do it . 
  that said , when my guy were around that age he used his hands quite a lot throughout the day . 
  he would suck on them , sometimes for hunger , other times for self soothing , and he would rub his hands together and hold his own hands while cuddling and breastfeeding . 
  he did n't have much control , but was definitely working his hands almost constantly while awake . 
  hyper and bouncy are exactly the words that come to mind when i think about a flat . 
  i find them way too stressful , but the people who love them , looove them , so they definitely have an appeal . 
  that performance by mary ray were outstanding as always !, 
  i 'm in constant awe of that woman . 
  agree with the am . 
  cocker , but what was wrong with the poodle ? 
  i really liked him . 
  actually , a lot of mastiffs have a forward sloping back and it looks like yours do to . 
  are those 4 months only for the father or can you choose who gets it ? 
  here in norway we have 10 weeks maternity leave , 10 weeks paternity leave 29 weeks divided between the parents as they see fit . 
  edit : dad also gets two weeks when baby is born . 
  thanks for explaining !, 
  sounds like she changed her mind when he got here and is now a proud and excited step-grandparent who wants to show him off . 
  if she 's never had kids of her own it 's probably hard for her to intuitively know how much is too much for a new mum , and how to play with a small baby ( you mentioned she was a bit much in playing with him ) . 
  it feels like your dislike for your stepmom is shining through and coloring the way you see her actions and intentions . 
  of course , you decide who your baby meets and how , but do n't expect her to guess what you mean - tell her . 
  do n't be rude , but be direct . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being honest about it as long as you 're tactful . 
  good luck no matter how you choose to handle it . 
  family drama is so straining !, 
  mine is 4 months old tomorrow and i think he 's been giggling for about a month now . 
  but if yours is that young you still have the first real smile to look forward to !, 
  mine was around 4 weeks old when that happened for the first time and his smiles still makes me melt . 
  and the cooing !, 
  the cooing is also amazingly adorable !, 
  pushing daisies . 
  so many loose ends to explore !, 
  i really liked that one !, 
  we actually have a word for this in my country : barselt\u00e5rer - which translates to `` post-partum tears '' . 
  quite fitting i thing . 
  i 've always just been honest and direct about why i do what i do if somebody asks me about it . 
  nobody has been mean , though , it has always come from a place of caring so i have n't felt the need to defend myself , rather explain because the other person does n't know what i know ( or hold the same opinion ) . 
  as an example , my baby just turned 4 months ( today ! ), 
  and my mother has been saying i need to start giving him solids to which i respond that the national guidelines states breastmilk ( or formula ) should be the only nutrition until they are six months old , unless they show signs of not getting enough nutrition , then you can start solids when they 're over 4 months old . 
  i plan on adhering to that advice , but will probably start trying out small samples when he starts showing interest . 
  i show that i have thought about it , i have a plan and i 'm in control of the situation . 
  so yeah , i would probably do that . 
  of course , if he still does n't let up i would probably get a bit stern and say something along the line of `` i have heard your concern and it is noted , but as i have told you , we have this under control so please do not bring this up to me again . 
  also , who recommends breastfeeding until the child is two years old and there are many health benefits from breastfeeding that long so maybe explain that to him ? 
  it 's probably just ignorance .
