  i so wish i could wear something like that !, 
  however , the combination of a lot of rain and cobblestone would mean they would n't last long in my city . 
  thank you , and right back at you !, 
  i bought the dress at the store where i work , but it 's from pulz and is called `` dora dress '' so you might find it online . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.boohoo.com/restofworld/knitwear/knitted-dresses/icat/knitted-dresses#esp_pg=1 ) are some similar style knitted dresses and oversized sweaters , though . 
  matheo , wilhelm/willem , ludwig/ludvig, 
  yes !, 
  i always rooted for tom , even as a small child . 
  i 'm currently 33 weeks pregnant and so extremely grateful i live in norway . 
  10 weeks maternity leave , 10 weeks paternity leave an 26 weeks shared where you can decide wether the father or mother should stay home . 
  this is not up to the business , it 's the law . 
  i 'm not sure i understand what you mean ... 
  i use a lot of wool when it starts getting cold and i do a lot of layering . 
  for instance wool tights to a cool dress with a coat over it . 
  the colder it gets , the more layers i add - maybe two wool leggings on top of each other , a wool undershirt under a knitted dress , a scarf , warm coat , wool socks and lined boots . 
  when it rains ( as it does a lot here ) i use a raincoat with down lining and some lined rainboots with extra room for thick socks . 
  when it gets really cold in the height of winter the only thing warm enough for me is a proper down coat , so i 'll use that , save for special occasions . 
  at that point it 's comfort over style , but it does n't look too bad . 
  ** edit : ** i just checked your definition of cold and saw that 60f is about 15c . 
  that 's like summer temperature here in norway , so you might not need quite as much wool and layering as i outlined . 
  for the record , for me it starts to get cold from around 10c ( 50f ) and lower and it gets really cold ( aka down jacket temperature ) at around 0c ( 30f ) and below . 
  give or take a few degrees depending on air moisture . 
  i think the south of norway and the netherlands have similar climates , but the further north you get in norway , the colder it gets . 
  where i live 15c-20c is normal summer temperature and 5c - -5 c is normal winter temperature . 
  we have a lot of rain and wind though so it often feels colder . 
  even farther north you can get temperatures down to -40 c. . 
  in which i would just stay inside . 
  layering is how i manage to ( feel ) stay fashionable even though it 's cold . 
  at the height of winter i would probably be warmest in moonboots and a full down body suit . 
  but i do n't want to so i rely on warm materials , layering and good quality coats , jackets and shoes . 
  my first thought is for you to see a doctor about this to make sure you do n't have a problem with your thyroid or iron levels or something as that would be my first guess . 
  secondly i would look at your diet ( do you eat enough , do you eat right , do you you eat often enough ) and you sleeping patterns . 
  he 's beautiful !, 
  how old is he ? 
  lol !, 
  it 's a little while ago now , but some acquaintances of mine had a baby and posted some pictures from the delivery room after the baby was born - as you do . 
  except one of the pictures was a close-up of a big , bloody , fresh from the womb placenta held up by the nurse ... yeah , i did not need that with my morning coffee !, 
  i also heard about an overly excited new father who posted a picture of his child while exiting it 's mother !, 
  luckily , i did n't have to see that and as i understand it got taken down pretty quickly after the mother came to from all the drugs . 
  what is it about people getting babies and suddenly losing all abilities to self-censor themselves ? 
  wow , that 's just sad . 
  some people should be protected from themselves . 
  i 'm actually expecting my first in about 6 weeks soo ... really looking forward to the whole birthing part !, 
  i mean , i get what you 're saying , but i still ca n't picture myself posting a picture of a poop filled diaper on facebook , complimenting the texture ... maybe post-partum me will surprise myself , lol . 
  wow ... 
  i wish my facebook friends were that entertaining !, 
  wherever he is in the apartment when he is done vacuuming , he 'll put the vacuum on the floor and leave it there to go do somewhere else . 
  if i do n't say anything and do n't put it back myself , it can stay there for days , or until he wants to use it again . 
  i 'm talking still plugged in with the wire running through the entire apartment and us needing to step over the whole thing every time we want to enter or exit the bathroom ... been living together for four years - i now tell him to put it back every time i see it . 
  i think it 's the only thing i could be considered naggy about . 
  i 'm sure they 're going to really appreciate that when they get older !, 
  yes !, 
  i very rarely recommend my breed to anyone , but reading through the questionnaire i was like - yup - you need a schipper in your life . 
  funny thing is , i know of several breeders that breed both mals and schipperkes or gsds and schipps - not surprising as there are many similarities between the breeds . 
  i often think of schips as a mal/gsd light . 
  they have that drive , intelligence , tenacity and fierceness only not quite as intense as the other two . 
  also , i have n't heard about them being difficult to teach recall - on the contrary , they 're quite biddable and i know dogs who are competing in both obedience and agility . 
  the only thing i 've heard ( and experienced ) as being a challenge for them is retrieving . 
  most people i know , including myself , have a hard time teaching them to actually deliver the object and not just keep it to themselves . 
  there might be differences between the american and the european population though . 
  a lot of people avoid letting their dogs greet other dogs while on leash to avoid building expectation in their dog . 
  if you always greet other dogs while on leash , the dog starts to expect it and may start whining , pulling and barking to meet dogs . 
  therefore , it 's generally recommended not to let your dog greet other dogs while on a leash . 
  i would advice you to go to a park or something where people hang out with their dogs and ask them if your dogs could greet . 
  there are also often local groups on facebook where people arrange meetings with their dogs that i would look into if i were you . 
  * martin, 
  * leon, 
  my boyfriend really want to name our child loke ( loki ) , but i just think the association to basically the bad guy in norse mythology is way too negative . 
  it 's a pity too , because it 's been the only name he 's been really passionate about so far . 
  but no . . 
  he 's not evil , no , he has a lot more depth than that . 
  but he did get the others in trouble all the time by being a trickster or just by accident , so he 's the most prevalent bad guy in norse mythology - at least from what i can remember from childhood . 
  and that 's another thing ; being from norway he 's eventually going to sit in kindergarten or at school hearing stories about how loke did this and loke did that and i just think it 's a bad association all around . 
  could be of turkish origin . 
  i were almost named mari , but ended up with ida instead . 
  i would prefer mari i think , but both are okay . 
  yeah , i second this . 
  we use a combination of hand signals and verbal commands and it 's worked out really well for us . 
  bonus : people get really impressed when you get your dog to do stuff without giving them a command ( ie . 
  it 's a neat party trick . 
  how much exercise is she getting on a daily basis ? 
  how about mental stimulus ? 
   during a conformation trial , i watched a chihuahua almost back off a table because they were scared when the judge went to check dentition . 
  mine actually fell off the table in our first show !, 
  apparently he was n't quite over getting stabbed with a needle at the vet 's office the month before and probably thought the judge were going to do the same . 
  afterwards , we walked the wrong way in the ring and i walked too fast so that he was galloping more than trotting . . 
  i do n't think there was any doubt about the fact that i was a total novice :p, 
  it was a really nice judge , though , and we did end up with a good placement , which obviously is more a testament to how incredibly handsome my boy is than my great handling skills . 
   our new neighbours were chatting yesterday about how they grew up with ' a few wolfdogs ' ... in ireland . 
  you sure they did n't mean irish wolfhounds ? 
  what on earth is a shorkie ? 
  but yeah . 
  say `` ouch '' or whatever , stop playing and ignore him for a little while when he bites . 
  he 's only 12 weeks old so he has plenty of time to learn yet . 
  ola and kari in norway . 
  since the baby is only 8 days old i would n't advice her to introduce a pacifier yet as it can confuse the baby and worsen it 's breastfeeding technique . 
  it 's normally recommended to wait until baby is 4 weeks or breastfeeding has been properly established . 
  clusterfeeding is also a way to stimulate milk production and is not necessarily something you want to discourage , especially when baby is that young . 
  beautiful \u2764, 
  as far as breastfeeding goes , have you tried feeding him lying down ?
