  they are considered the worlds smallest herding dog and as most herding dogs they are very intelligent and owner oriented and are easy to have off leash . 
  they were also used as guard dogs ( not attacking , but alerting ) and will look out for your house and alert you if something is not right . 
  this means that they have a tendency to bark a lot , but if you start at an early age it 's not too difficult to teach them what 's ok to bark at and what is not . 
  lastly , they were used to kill rats on the farm or onboard ships ( schipperke may be a deritive of the belgian name for skipper ) and they do have a prey drive towards smaller animals such as birds and rodents . 
  this means , though , that you have to start teaching it from the moment you get it that the chichens are off limit . 
  you should be able teach it that with some effort . 
  if you live i america the breed does have a problem with a hereditary auto-immun decease so you need to check your breeder thoroughly . 
  the european population does n't have a problem with that . 
  please let me know if you have any questions , i would be happy to tell you more about this amazing breed . 
  how do you mean ? 
  did she sleep in the crate or on the couch with you ? 
  it 's probably because she 's seperated from the pack when she does n't sleep in the same room as you . 
  this can be stressful for a dog and especially a young puppy who may or may not feel completely at ease in the household yet . 
  you say she 'll whine and scratch the door until everyone is out of the bedroom , that sounds to me like she 's trying to gather the whole pack after the nights seperation . 
  if my dog is like this ? 
  he gets absolutely frantic if we accidentally lock him out of the bedroom at night , but has no trouble being alone in the daytime so no seperation anxiety . 
  he usually sleeps under the bed or in the open crate next to the bed . 
  are there any spesific reason you keep her in a crate at night ? 
  9 out of 10 times you would be better off without it . 
  if the dog is comfortable being alone and are otherways content in regards to exercise , they will usually just sleep or drowse . 
  we just let our dog roam free from the get go while accustuming him to being alone for longer and longer periods of time . 
  if you are worried though , you can start small by leaving her in one room , like the hallway or the bathroom ( make sure the heat is n't to strong in the floors ) for short periods of time , gradually increasing . 
  a good idea is to leave her with something tasty to chew on like a pigs ear or a kong filled with something delicious to keep her occupied . 
  do n't make a big deal out of it as it may lead to the dog being anxious ( `` mom and dad are fussing , something weird must be going on '' ) , pretend it 's how it 's always been , completely normal . 
  set up a camera to watch her on your phone if you need the reassurance . 
  good luck !, 
  i see . 
  sounds like a perfectly normal puppy , 
  she probably just needs to learn that nighttime is for sleeping . 
  it will take a few nights with little sleep , though . 
  she needs to learn that when you guys have gone to bed absolutely nothing happens , it 's the most boring time ever , so she might aswell get some sleep herself . 
  when she tries to jump on the bed she wants to be near you and sleep with you , which is why she settled down once she were with you on the couch . 
  it should n't be too hard to teach her to stay calm on the floor though , as she can still hear you , smell you and feel your presense . 
  the best thing to do is to ignore . 
  ignore , ignore , ignore . 
  puppyproof the room , remove all carpets from the floor in case she has an accident , and pretend to be sleeping , no matter how hard it is . 
  the more consistent you are , the sooner she 'll learn that all we do at night is sleep , and that 's it , and she 'll hopefully start sleeping through the night . 
  if i were you i would try to find dogs for him to play with outside of a dog park in a setting were you would have more control . 
  find one of similar size and play manner or preferably a secure , stable , mature dog that can put him in his place if he gets to rough and teach him some manners . 
  i have a small dog myself who is not afraid of letting a dog know it 's being to rough on him , but if the other dog is large and does n't get the message it can easily hurt him , and that is were i expect the other owner to step in and calm his or her dog down or remove it from the situation . 
  it would really help if you posted a picture of the dog standing up , taken from the side to see it 's posture and body features . 
  i definitely think you should look at some of the working breeds and most predominately the herding breeds . 
  border collie , aussie , corgi , schipperke , german shepherd , the belgian herders , etc. 
  the collie and aussie may be tthe most sensitive of the bunch , though i have no personal experience with them so somebody else may correct me on that one . 
  i think you would also be quite happy with the retriever breeds ( flat coated , golden , nova scotia , etc. ), 
  do you have any specific breeds in mind , or is it pretty open ? 
  and , just out of curiosity , which country are you from ? 
  cool , i 'm from norway . 
  d/s farm dogs are amazing little dogs . 
  you could definitely go for a jack russel or one of the other small terriers as they are typically really smart , hard working dogs . 
  just be prepared that they are usually a lot `` sharper '' than a dsg , and they often have a pretty strong preydrive . 
  other than that , check out corgi , schipperke , lancashire heeler and sheltie . 
  you could also check out buhund , sort elghund and lundehund . 
  especially the lundehund i have seen them done amazing with some good training , though they are pretty rare . 
  read up on them , and if you find a breed you like ( or more ) i might be able to point you towards some good breeders seeing as we 're practically neighbours . 
  haha , i fucking lost it at his second double-take face !, 
  maybe you could ask them if you can take the dog for walks , or ask them if they need any help with it ? 
  singing . 
  i sing every time i 'm alone in the house because i love it , but i never seemed to get any good at is , plus i choke up if i know someone can hear me . 
  to me . . 
  integrity , creativity and the ability to do something unexpected , charisma and a basic talent . 
  i listen to musicians who are n't really good at singing or playing their instrument , but that is able to write the most amazing lyrics and convey it in a great way . 
  make me interested and curious of what your doing or simply make me feel something and your a good musician in my book . 
  i would love that !, 
  i definitely think it could be a generation thing , after all , gender equality have coma a long way the last 30 years . 
  i 'm a girl in my 20 's and i do n't know anyone who expects the man to pay for them . 
  usually the person who invited pays , we split the bill or we take turns paying . 
  are you sure it 's not lily allen ? 
  she has a song called fuck you . 
  in order to reduce the chance of seperation anxiety and stress it would be beneficial to adopt the puppy at a time where you could have some time off from work ( summer , christmas , easter ? ), 
  and start home alone training as early as possible . 
  as long as the dog has had it 's excersice and has fresh water to drink , it is not cruel to leave a dog home alone all day . 
  if it 's in a cage . . 
  i 'm not so sure , but thats for a different thread . 
  make sure it gets a good walk or some mental excercises before you leave for work so it does n't have a lot of stress in it and it should probably just sleep anyway . 
  your fourth question is a bit harder . . really , the only people who knows if you are ready are you . 
  as a general rule i would say you have to have the time to care for it 's needs , both for excercise and company . 
  if you 're at work all day , you ca n't really go out all night , leaving the dog alone ( ofcourse you can still go out sometimes , but dog comes first ) . 
  you have to have the money to take care of it ; food , vaccines , unexpected veterenary bills , insurance . 
  you say that you are young so you should probably think about if you want kids , are you going to have time for both kids and a dog ? 
  do you want to travel ? 
  maybe move to another country at some point , in that case what do you do with the dog ? 
  do you have someone to take care of the dog if you want to go on vacation and ca n't bring it ? 
  if you 've thought all of these things over , and are prepared to take care of a dog for + / - 16 years , then i guess you 're ready . 
  yeah , a 15-30 min walk a day is really little . . 
  so you should absolutely not be looking at working breeds or i think it likely you would end up miserable with a stressed out , understimulated and destructive dog . 
  believe me , by then you wo n't care that you think it looks good . 
  i would look at the companion breeds ( [ group 9 ] ( http://www.fci.be/en/nomenclature/9-companion-and-toy-dogs.html ) , fci ) and seriously consider upping the excersice . 
  maybe 15-30 min twice a day ? 
  as for wanting a dog that can go on the occasional long walk , any breed can do that . 
  low energy dogs can do plenty of excersice , high energy dogs * need * plenty of exercise . 
  as a general rule , relying on the dog to entertain itself in the garden as the primary need for excersise is not very effective . 
  after a couple of weeks it 's not very stimulating and is only slightly better than being inside the house and , depending on the dog , it could lead to the dog showing unwanted behaviour such as pacing the fence , digging , barking at people or cars etc. 
  remember that on walks outside the property , the dog gets to use all it 's senses . 
  smell the scent of other dogs that have walked there earlier , see and hear new things , and use it 's mind to absorb and understand impressions . 
  seeing as you talk about rabbit holes and stables , though , you might have a bigger garden than what i 'm picturing . 
  short faced dogs are n't guaranteed to be sick or have trouble breathing , they are just a lot more prone to it . 
  if you are particular about your breeder and find one that breeds good , healthy dogs it should be able to do just as much excersice as any other breed . 
  for instance , i know a girl that is really into agility . 
  with a pug .
