black books, 
  i think it 's because we only remember or hear about the good movies from the past . 
  all of the mundane , bad or not-so-special movies are just kind of forgotten about . 
  not most countries , but most developed countries do . 
  the power lobbying groups have over the government and the amount of money they put into it . 
  in most countries that would be considered corruption , in the states it seems it 's `` just the way it is '' . 
  chocolate cake . 
  always . 
  do i get to feel it 's emotions aswell ? 
  in that case , a dog . 
  can you imagine the therapeutic benefits of experiencing one hour of utterly stupid happiness every day ? 
  i 'm slightly worried about what the dog 's soul would do with my body for the hour though . . 
  i bet it could cause some serious trouble for me !, 
  what to wear , what to wear ? 
  i could wear that top , but they go really well with those pants which are in the hamper . 
  or i could wear that dress , but i feal really pale today and i ca n't be bothered with pantyhose . 
  maybe these pants ? 
  but they really should be worn with those shoes and my feet are still sore from when i wore them yesterday . 
  and i do n't feel like wearing yellow , black , petrol , red or any of the other colours . 
  i have nothing to wear !!, 
  i should go shopping this weekend ... 
  someone give that dog a selfie-stick !, 
  he did look fabulous tho . 
  do n't you mean thamk you ? 
  this is why it should be illegal to publicise the the name and picture of an accused person , at least until they are found guilty . 
  [ these ] ( http://g.api.no/obscura/api/dynamic/r1/escenic/tr_980_200_l_f/0000/archive/04446/hund-5_4446873a.jpg?chk=0dd35a ) are pretty normal in norway now . 
  you ask mall security for a key and can leave your dog in an airconditioned cage with a bowl of water . 
  to just tie it up outside is like begging for someone to steal it . 
  especially if you have one of the more expensive breeds . 
  i 'm just about a quarter into anna karenina by leo tolstoj and i absolutely adore it !, 
  this is just my kind of book and i ca n't believe it 's taken me 27 years to read it . 
  terry pratchett is amazing !, 
  i have n't read men at arms yet , but to this date good omens is one of the funniest books i 've ever read . 
  working in retail there are a lot of men who does not seem to understand that while i 'm at work i have to be approachable , polite and friendly . 
  i am basically being paid to smile at you and generally i 'm not flirting . 
  if i answer your questions as short as possible while avoiding eye-contact and especially if i start walking away to `` fold things '' in the other end of the shop it means i 'm just not interested , even if i keep answering your questions in a polite manner . 
  i once watched a documentary about plan of sending settlers to live on mars and i started thinking about what it would be like to be sent there and i almost had a panic attack . 
  turns out it would be my worst nightmare come true and i had a weird sense of anxiety about being forced to go to mars for a couple of days afterwards . 
  totally irrational , i know . 
  now if i read something about mars my stomach drops and i become slightly anxious . 
  tl ; dr i may or may not have developed a slight phobia of the planet mars . 
  that 's an oddly specific subreddit, 
  woody harrelson as he appears in rampart . 
  we do not own a dishwasher and have to wash everything by hand which is horribly boring . 
  so my bf showed me audible to make the washing up more tolerable and now i basically listen to audiobooks anytime i do any chores around the house aswell as commute . 
  alle , i like to read books in bed before i go to sleep . 
  it literally makes you sick ? 
  why ? 
  ofcourse you 're entitled to an opinion , but you being grossed out is ultimately your problem , not the mother feeding her child . 
  maybe you can turn away ? 
  try not to look at it ? 
  exposure therapy with breasts ? 
  were n't they a lot more popular 10 years ago ? 
  i live in norway and we usually do n't differ that much from germany when it comes to trends like these . 
  even so , i remember a lot of people doing it during the first half of the 2010 's and when i see somebody with stretched earlobes now they 're usually my age ( 27 ) or older . 
  i found this whole article pretty odd . . 
  yes , that was so bizarre . 
  and not only that , but the article to which the disclaimer is linked to is about how women should get tampons and sanitary pads subsidized or for free because womens rights . 
  i mean , seriously . . 
  it 's like all the important stuff is dealt with so now we 're just making stuff up . 
  there are a lot more pressing issues to deal with and i can by my own tampons thank you very much . 
  why would i buy medication in the us when i get the medication i need for free * in my own country ? 
  * if my medical bills including hospital stays , doctor 's appointments , psychiatrists and prescription drugs exceed $ 300 a years . 
  the ting that stood out to me is that you wash your v thoroughly with soap every day . 
  that can really mess up the culture down there . 
  try washing it maybe just every other day and switch to soap designed to use on intimate areas for a while and see if it helps . 
  oh , i totally misunderstood the meaning of his post then . 
  still , do n't know if i buy into that . . 
  a lot of smaller dogs were also bred to be working dogs . 
  schipperke at number 15 . 
  i 'm not surprised , he is really eager and trainable . 
  that was the first thing that came to mind when i saw these pictures . 
  love that show !, 
  are ... are you me ? 
  who did you have to explain this to ? 
  i am thoroughly confused as this can not possibly be a serious argument against revolution . 
  right ? 
  edit : oh no !, 
  obviously i meant evolution !, 
  although i do think it 's an equally poor argument against revolution . 
  you ca n't really look at it that way . . 
  it 's also a basic human right to have a fair trial and to be able to vote but the lawyers and judges could take the day off and the voting officials could just not show up to the voting booths . 
  that still does not mean you do not have that right . 
  the government has a responsebility to make sure it 's people have access to healthcare . 
  this includes taking measures to get people to study for work in the health-sector , making sure the health-sector runs smoothly and ensuring basic health care to all its citizens independent of ethnicity , gender , social standing , sexual orientation or financial means . 
  also the darkness during winter months . 
  where i live we have about 6 hours of daylight in the darkest winter months , but further north there can be as much as 3 months without ever seeing the sun . 
  the can lead to something called winter-depression , brought forth by not getting enough sunlight . 
  on the flip-side , during the summer months we have as much daylight as we have darkness in winter which is why we have midnight sun . 
  the first couple of days i just remember being incredibly restless and fidgety . 
  like i could n't sit still and just had to do something , but i had no focus to actually keep me busy with something for longer than a few minutes . 
  the most difficult thing though , and the one who took the longest to get over , were to reprogram my brain to certain situations . 
  like , what do you do while your waiting for someone or the bus ? 
  or when you take a break from work ? 
  or lay on the beach ? 
  and then not having it with my coffee , beer and after a big , heavy meal . 
  to make it easier i switched up my normal rutines ( e.g. 
  wait a few hours to drink coffee in the mornings , drink sweeter drinks instead of beer when i went out ) and i think that helped somewhat . 
  good luck !, 
  you can do it !,
