  it 's too little to go on , but my suspicion is that she is same-sex aggressive rather than dog aggressive . 
  pit bulls are illegal in this country so i have minimal experience with them , but staffordshire bullterriers ( share ancestry with pits ) are a fairly common breed here and i know they are a breed particularly prone to same-sex aggression . 
  your trainer will probably help you out a lot , but i think i would be careful with letting her meet other female dogs until you 've gotten her assessed as to not sement the behaviour . 
  although , if it really is same-sex aggression , it may never go away . 
  good news is , she may still be sociable around males . 
  how does a muzzle calm a dog down ? 
  be sure to say all this to the trainer , 
  really ? 
  how interesting !, 
  i 've never heard that before . 
  that first one was amazing !, 
  call the vet and ask, 
  so , i 'm trying to teach draco to walk on his front legs . 
  we 're a long way from achieving that goal so at the moment we 're focusing on him to back up and place his back legs on two books laying stacked on the floor against a wall . 
  the problem is instead of going straight backwards and putting his feet up , he tends to swing his butt out to the side so he misses the books . 
  in addition to this , one of our favorite tricks is `` play dead '' , and he 's gotten quite good at it and does it with a very dramatic flair . 
  so when i 'm trying to teach him something new and i 'm not very good so that i 'm confusing him , that 's the behaviour he notmally offers . 
  so here i am trying to get him to back up onto the books when he just dramatically topples over , legs in the air , eyes half closed playing dead . 
  it was absolutely hilarious , and i 'm sure us laughing at him did n't excactly discourage it . 
  that 's actually a really good idea !, 
  the problem is , we live in an apartment so we do n't actually have any stairs except for the communal ones . 
  i have , however had some success with placing the books in the corner so he has a wall on one side and guiding him with my hand from the other side . 
  i 'm sure we 'll get there eventually , 
  i see most of these responses are from the continent , scandinavia is a bit different , especially norway and sweden as denmark tends to be a bit more `` continental '' . 
  there are no stray dogs here and not a lot of dogs in shelters . 
  in addition , it is illegal to sell puppies and kittens in pet stores and puppy mills are crazy illegal due to fairly strict animal welfare laws . 
  this results in the fact that most people buy dogs from breeders which can be expensive . 
  there are still mixes and home grown litters , but they are a lot more rare . 
  if you spend a good amount of money on a dog , you have more incentive to treat it with care and you get a breeder to help you out and ask questions , which i think might make a difference . 
  here , dogs are not usually allowed in shops , restaurants , bars etc. , especially not in places were food are being prepared or served commercially unless it 's outside . 
  nobody asks you if you have a fenced yard and going on walks is expected . 
  most dogs are unneutered and dog parks are rare so people are used to going on walks , letting the dogs off leash in unfenced areas and being responsible for their dogs so they do n't end up with an unwanted pregnancy or fighting between males over a female etc. 
  we do n't have rabies here , and other doggie deceases are very rare so you can start socializing your puppy the moment you get it home instead of waiting until it has all its vaccines . 
  you still have people abandoning dogs , being irresponsible breeders and dog owners and out of control dogs who ruin it for everybody . 
  but , especially the first two , is nowhere near the epidemic it seems to be in the states . 
  it depends on the dog , really . 
  we just left ours , though we did home alone training with him out of the cage so he was always used to it . 
  if the dog seem fine with you leaving i would just go for it and try . 
  keep the cage where it has always been , only door open . 
  you want to puppy proof the house/room first though so you 're sure he does n't get into anything dangerous . 
  if you 're nervous about it , you can also confine him to one room or one section of the house and/or set up a camera so you can watch him on live feed . 
  why ? 
  one of our responsibilities as responsible pet owners , is knowing when enough is enough and when to stop . 
  it 's not fair to the dog to prolong its suffering , it 's not fair to do extensive treatment that might make it feel even worse when the prognoses are bad and it 's an older dog . 
  in cases like this i think you have to look at both quality and quantity of life . 
  in a 5 year old , otherwise healthy dog , 6 months recovery time is a rather small fraction of the rest of its life . 
  for a 13 year old dog that fraction becomes much , much bigger . 
  you decide , obviously , and i understand it 's really , really hard , but i think it might be time . 
  how old is he ? 
  this sounds like a typical adolessence behaviour . 
  when he was in that stage , my dog suddenly found umbrellas terrifying . 
  he were used to them and there were never any problems and then bam !, 
  terrified of all umbrellas !, 
  just ignore him , do n't look at him or engage him at all unless he comes to you to seek attention ( if he just want to sniff you , let him without engaging ) and maybe throw some treats his way , still without making eyecontact . 
  he 'll come around , 
  working on tricks together is very bonding . 
  she needs to focus on you , you need to learn to read her intentions and how to best convey what you want her to do - and you get fun tricks out of it . 
  [ here ] ( http://littledogtips.com/transitioning-puppy-pads-outside/ ) is a short article on the matter . 
  i 've also heard about people gradually moving the pads closer and closer to the door until it 's actually outside and then finally removing the pads altogether . 
  done !, 
  but there is a confusing question . . 
  question is `` would you consider buying food online ? '', 
  and the only answers are `` i already have and would do so again '' and `` no '' . 
  i 've never bought food online , but i would consider doing it , so none of those answers applied to me . 
  the [ norwegian lundehund ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norwegian_lundehund ) ( puffindog ) . 
  this is such an interesting breed , though they are very rare with only around 1,400 dogs worldwide . 
  they have [ six toes per foot ] ( http://www.dogdrip.net/files/attach/images/78/760/433/071/dfbbb2b65d7662f323216381716c3451.jpg ) , can [ close their ears ] ( http://vorkosmia.com/onewebstatic/114d2270d3-dsc_5181.jpg ) and have a very flexible skeleton which enables them to put their [ head on their backs ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yw9navk.jpg ) and their forelegs at a [ 90 degree angle from their body ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ue6lpxe.jpg ) . 
  i am seriously considering getting one someday , although here in norway you are strongly encouraged to breed your dog at least once if it 's otherwise healthy to keep the genepool big enough as they are all decendants from only 6 dogs , whereof 5 were from the same mother . 
  some other breeds have been introduced to keep the genepool big enough and the breed club here have really done a tremendous job bringing this unique breed back from the brink of extinction . 
  super flexibility with that long back . . you might just end up with a slinky :p would be an interesting experiment though . 
  apparently they currently have a breeding program where they breed in norwegian buhund , norrbottenspets ( nordic spitz ) and icelandic sheepdog . 
  it 's a very interesting project if you 're interested in genetics and breeding . 
  yeah , the tragedy is that they are an otherwise really healthy breed ( no other major health-concerns ) but they are absolutely riddled with ls because of the bottleneck situation in the 60 's . 
  they are actually not even sure there are any dogs left that do n't carry ls , as it can be symptom-free . 
  they also struggle with infertility because of the high levels of inbreeding . 
  hopefully the ongoing breeding program will yield good results , as , in my opinion , it would be a tragedy to loose a breed like this . 
  [ this flying dog ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qrkhhieovsu ), 
  he 's having a blast !, 
  dogs should always have an unlimited water source !, 
  my dog got severely dehydratet last summer after drinking sea-water and getting sick from it ( throwing up / diarhea ) . 
  it 's scary how fast a small dog got absolutely lethargic from dehydration and pretty amazing how quickly he recovered when we managed to get in him some fluids . 
  water your dogs , kids !, 
  ok , so i know this is frustrating but i think maybe you had your expectations set a little high , and you set yourself up for failure . 
  as others have said , 9 days is a really , really short time to teach recall , and having good recall in the park is sort of the end-game , the final test to see if you 've succeeded , not were you go to teach him the basics . 
  there are so much stimuli in the park !, 
  other dogs , scents , sounds etc. 
  that i would n't have him offleash there in a long time , not until you feel you have a strong foundation in recall training . 
  instead of setting yourself up for failure , you should set you both up for success . 
  start easy , teach him to give you eyecontact on command while inside your house and reward . 
  that 's your starting point . 
  you then work up from there , having him come to you when called inside the house , giving you eyecontact in your yard after he 's had a good sniff around and starts to look bored . 
  babysteps is the way to go . 
  if one step seems to much for him , take a step back and work more on it . 
  set him up for success every single time !, 
  then work on recall training without having him off-leash . 
  contact for instance , have him give you eyecontact while on leash and reward profusely . 
  i understand the frustration , but you really hav no other option than to take a step back and to make it so easy that he succeeds and then taking small deliberate steps from there . 
  if he fails , you 've made it too hard and needs to take a step back again . 
  it 's not dumb at all !, 
  unfortunately dog training is n't always as intuitive as we would like it to be and we set ourselves up for failure without meaning to .
