  so parks , open areas , when hiking off the main route etc. 
  why : because he can be trusted . 
  he has a small radius , a very reliable recall and i see no reason not to . 
  he gets to play with his dog friends without restrictions , it 's a lot more enjoyable to go on longer hikes when i do n't need to hold on to a lead and it tires him out more easily when he can run circles around me . 
  there are also not a lot of fenced in areas around here and i 'm not a big fan of dog parks anyway , not unless there are relatively few dogs at a time and i know the dogs can be trusted . 
  oh my god , american akita puppies are the most adorable puppies in the world ( except for schipps ofc ) !, 
  they look like little bear cubs !, 
  schipperkes are pretty rare . 
  it always surprises me if someone knows what breed he is and it always turns out that they 've owned one themselves or knew someone who did . 
  the schipperke is a relatively old breed , with records dating back to the 17th century . 
  they were kept as sort of a poor mans farm dog in its native belgium and were kept as watch dogs as well as herding and hunting for vermin , often on board the canal boats - giving it the nickname `` little skipper '' . 
  it is a very healthy breed with an expected life span of 16 years and no known health problems except for an autoimmune disease in the american population . 
  they are very alert and smart little dogs with loads of energy so they need their daily needs for exercise and mental stimulation met or they will live up to their other nickname `` little black devil '' and get themselves into trouble . 
  they are great fun , but aloof and often stand offish with strangers . 
  oh , and people around the world are n't really agreeing on whether it 's a spitz or a shepherd - they look like a spitz , but have the biddability of a shepherd . 
  sure !, 
  trust your puppy off leash . 
  when a puppy is only a couple of months old they follow you everywhere - it 's hard wired in them . 
  use this to your advantage and start working on recall as soon as possible . 
  keep it away from danger obviously , but your really doing yourself a favor by allowing it off leash when it 's just a baby . 
  he 's very handsome , but i do n't even see the gsd . 
  he might have a bit of a shepherds head , but it 's really hard to say . 
  the reason you 're encouraged to provide a side pic is because the body shape of the dog often times reveals the most about what 's in there . 
  good luck , anyways !, 
  somebody needs to help me out here , but does n't texas , or the surrounding areas , have a native shepherd or a cattle dog that 's quite similar to that body shape ? 
  have a look small companion breeds like maltese , bichon havanais , bichon fris\u00e8 , bolognese , coton de tulear , pug ( the ultimate velcro dog , but must come from a good breeder serious about health ) , brussels griffon , chinese crested etc. 
  no , never . 
  for me , this falls into the same category as docking tails and ears , declawing cats , clipping birds wings . . 
  it 's altering or removing an animals * healthy * body part for it 's owners convenience . 
  all of this is also illegal in my country under our animal welfare laws so there might be some cultural differences here . 
  still feels really really wrong to me , though . 
  oops !, 
  you are absolutely right !, 
  the practice i was thinking of is apparantly called pinioning , not clipping of the wings . 
  is this where i casually mention that english is my second language ? 
  even if it benefits people in the surrounding areas , it 's still done for the convenience of the owner . 
  it 's done instead of training , working and in extreme cases relocation or worse . 
  seriously , if you ca n't accomodate barking , do n't get a breed known for barking . 
  yeah exactly . 
  i also used to have a neighbour with a huge gsd who barked constantly from 7 am til 11 pm every single day . 
  of course 7 am was when they put it out on a tiny second floor balcony and 11 pm was when they let it back inside . 
  i think i saw them walking it once the whole time i was living beside them . 
  additionally , i own a breed known for barking . 
  we started working on when to bark and for how long the minute we got him as a puppy and luckily it 's very managable . 
  still , if it were n't we were prepared to live with it because of the breed that we chose . 
  maybe swimming could be an option ? 
  maybe he 's really lonely and the only social interactions he has is stalking people with hounds ? 
  in my experience , it depends on the situation and the dogs involved . 
  if the dog humping is doing it out of agression or dominance , the owner should stop it as a fight could easily break out . 
  if it 's a male humping a female because he 's a male it really depends on how the female reacts . 
  if the female is too timid to tell it off , the owner should step in . 
  however if the female does tell the male dog off , it 's so much more effective than the owner doing it and will have a longer lasting effect . 
  and sometimes it 's better for the dogs to sort things out for themselves . 
  again , depends on the situation and the dogs . 
  in your case , the owner should definately have stepped in and restrained the gsd , either because yours did n't tell it off or , if she did , the gsd did n't listen . 
  last summer there were a lot of dogs attempted or getting stolen in my area . 
  one of the worst stories i heard were a little girl , i think 8-9 years old , who waited outside a store for her parents while holding their new chi puppy in her arms . 
  a lady came up to her , complimented the puppy and asked if she could pet it . 
  when girl said yes , the lady snatched the puppy from her arms , got into a car and drove off . 
  as far as i know , the puppy was never seen again . 
  luckily for me , most people do n't know which breed my dog is so he might be a mutt and he 's not overtly adorable so i do n't think he 's in great danger of being stolen . 
  i still do n't tie him up outside of stores and stuff , though , unless i absolutely have to . 
  and if i do i 'm super stressed out unless i can look at him at all times . 
  my dog eats just a little bit at a time and i just could n't get enough in him when having fixed mealtimes . 
  the solution for us turned out to be free feeding where the food is left out all the time and he can go nibble at it whenever he feels like it . 
  i still monitor how much he eats , he can just choose when to eat it . 
  note that this might have the opposite effect on some dogs and they eat even less when the food is left out all the time , so if i were you i would try it , but if it does n't work , it does n't work . 
  do you walk her or just let her out in the yard ? 
  if it 's the latter , i would try taking her on an evening walk . 
  getting the dog to move will often get their system going and smelling other dogs pee will often make them want to pee over it . 
  yeah , me too . 
  spray some water on him , rub him quickly with a towel and we 're ready to go !, 
  just curious . . do you ( and by you , i believe i mean americans ) not differenciate between an american akita and a japanese akita ? 
  i feel like i see people mentioning akitas on this sub and it 's usually a 50/50 guess which variety they 're reffering to . 
  ah , i see , thank you . 
  i 'm used to dealing with fci so i 'm sometimes confused by other practises if i 'm not aware of them ^ ^, 
  how about borzois ? 
  they 're pretty impressive size wise , but i think their temperament is a bit closer to `` classic sighthound '' than iws and sds . 
  it really depends on the woman i think . 
  for me it was a pretty constant feeling of nausea with bouts of panicky `` oh my god i 'm either gon na die or throw up '' moments . 
  for me it felt exactly like being hungover after a way too fun night out only it was every day for two months . 
  i knew pregnant women had to pee all the time , but i thought it came from the baby pressing on the bladder , i.e. 
  it started when baby started getting big . 
  personally i 've had `` pregnancy bladder '' since like week 8 . . 
  i also thought i would be an emotional wreck by now at 18 weeks ( thanks hollywood , i guess ) , but i do n't really feel that different . 
  that 's a great gif !, 
  and that really explains why i started noticing it so early . 
  so , i 've briefly written about this here before , but about 1,5 years ago draco went to the vet 's office and had a bad experience . 
  he was getting a shot , the vet technician missed and apparently hit something really painful . 
  as if that was n't bad enough , we then had to hold him in place while she actually managed to give him the shot which probably only made it worse . 
  ever since that he has been afraid of standing on tables and especially strangers touching him . 
  lucky for us we found a training group and have been working with them for a few months with amazing results !, 
  the first time we went there , the second we put draco on the table , he crouched down , tail between his legs , shaking and panicking . 
  this sunday we went to a dog show and placed him on the table for the judge to get a better look - the difference was incredible !, 
  when she first touched him , he sat down ( as he always does ) but once i got his butt back up she started stroking him again and he stood there like a champ more concerned with getting treats than the judge touching him . 
  she even got to look at his teeth !, 
  i am so proud !, 
  also , his win on that show earned him a champion title so all in all a good day . 
  next stop : the vet 's table !, 
  looks like a mutty mutt mutt ,
