  i only have a 4 month old so i am far away from doing anything about co-sleeping , but i do a few things proactively if that may help you . 
  we have a normal crib converted to a bedside crib , meaning he sleeps right next to us , but in his own bed ( unless he 's snuggling up to me - it depends on his need to be close ) . 
  when he is older , we 'll hopefully be able to gradually move the crib farther and farther away from us without the change being too disruptive because he 's already used to sleeping there . 
  we also have a shorthaired sheepskin for babies in his crib , which makes it really nice and cozy for him to lay there . 
  before we had that , he would often wake and protest when we moved him from our bed to his own , but now that happens much less and he sometimes even settles down when we place him on it . 
  it 's also great at regulating temperature so i 'm much less worried about wether or not he 's the right temperature throughout the night . 
  our hope is that it will be a safe and cozy place for him to sleep that will continue to be so when we no longer cosleep . 
  i second cosleeping - it was a real lifesaver for me too . 
  usually we 'll start the night off in separate beds because i sleep much better alone , but after he wakes the first time , we nurse lying down and sleep like that the rest of the night . 
  make sure you do it safely though !, 
  my 4 mo is going through this right now . 
  not only is he trying to look around all the time , he also gets really angry that the boob does n't follow his head movements . 
  we just nurse lying down in a dark room now . 
  it also sometimes helps if i stand while nursing him , i do n't know why . . 
  until you 're sure she 's properly potty trained it 's a good idea to listen to her and take her out every time she asks to really cement that that 's what you want from her ( a dog that let 's you know when it needs to go instead of going indoors ) . 
  once you 're sure she 's got it you can start to build a routine instead . 
  btw , we lived on the 5th floor of an apartment complex without an elevator when we got our puppy so i know it 's a pain in the ass , but it 's only for a short period in your dogs life and it 's so worth it to do it properly . 
  some sort of spitz . 
  it would be very hard to pinpoint which exactly in my opinion . 
  norwegian here . 
  currently on mat . 
  leave with a 4 month old and it made me cry just thinking of leaving him so soon , let alone at only 9 weeks !, 
  my heart aches for all the mothers i read about on this sub who has to leave their baby way to soon . 
  i 'm surprised at how many of you are feeding your < 1 year olds yogurt . 
  where i 'm from it 's not recommended that children have anything made from cow 's milk until they are over 1 year . 
  have you tried taking him for a walk or just rocking him in his pram ? 
  that 's how we got our baby to sleep at that age and it worked every time . 
  ok , so i read up on it and apparently the reason why they do not recommend it is because babies at that age usually do n't get enough iron ( like 10 % of 1 year olds in my country have iron deficiency ) and cow 's milk does n't contain any iron . 
  formula usually does have added iron so that 's fine to use . 
  so cow 's milk in and of itself is no problem for babies !, 
  til, 
  today me and baby slept til noon . . 
  i do n't get this one . . how is it a minefield ? 
  ah , i see , that sucks !, 
  good luck on your interview , though !, 
  thank you . 
  i just change threads like you do when you change colours and carry the main thread within the heart before switching back . 
  start with one stitch in heart colour and increase by one stitch on each side per round before decreasing again to create the top of the heart . 
  i 'll def post pictures of the finished blanket , although it may take me a while to finish !, 
  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  i feel like i remember this too !, 
  are they playing in like a back alley or something and have some guys tied up maybe ? 
  i mean . . if you know how to switch threads and carry threads within the stiches , it is . 
  because the pattern is just switching back and forth between the two threads/colours in a given pattern . 
  http://imgur.com/rqceixp here is a picture of the pattern i 'm using to make it clearer ( from the book `` natural crochet for babies and toddlers '' which i absolutely recommend btw ) . 
  each block is one htr stich and one row . 
  yes !, 
  the acting on that show is outstanding !, 
  could he be hungry ? 
  i see you feed him cereal , but maybe try something a bit more substantial before bed ? 
  other than that , i do n't know ... could be teething like the others have said . 
  yes , it does get better !, 
  but i would talk to someone if i were you , just to be sure there is nothing more serious going on . 
  you should n't have to feel like this . 
  about sleep , at 4 weeks old i think my baby was still waking up every 2 hours during the night and it felt like he was constantly feeding during the day so i 'm sure he slept in even shorter stretches then . 
  babies stomachs are tiny so they need to fill them often , meaning they wake up often to feed - completely normal . 
  as long as they are having plenty of wet and dirty diapers and are gaining weight as they should , they should be fine . 
  but of course , check with your baby 's doctor if you 're concerned . 
  during the day it could help to try being ahead of the baby to keep him from getting overtired . 
  a while ago my boy got super overtired and impossible to put to bed and we figured out after some trial and error that he needed to be put to bed no later than an hour after he last woke up , before he showed signs of being tired , which made all the difference in the world . 
  now that he 's older we have two pretty scheduled naps , but yours is still so young that the best thing is to just follow baby and see what works . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why are you pumping and formula feeding etc. 
  i definitely think it may have something to do with your feelings of stress and anxiety . 
  having a newborn is exhausting on it 's own and everything that adds to that tends to feel twice as stressful as you would normally feel . 
  good luck to you !, 
  it does get better , there are help if it does n't and do n't be afraid to use the recourses available to you , if only for peace of mind . 
  neither is my 5 month old . 
  it 's completely normal that they 're not doing it still so i just make sure he gets lots of floor-time and do n't worry about it too much . 
  i would start with [ drops design ] ( http://www.garnstudio.com/search.php?action=search&amp;w=&amp;mt=2&amp;c=0&amp;k=0&amp;y=0&amp;yg=0&amp;lang=us ) , that 's what i did . 
  they have a bunch of free patterns with videos showing the different techniques , as well as a q&a part where you can ask questions about a pattern if you do n't understand something . 
  just do n't do something with too small of a crochet hook ( over 4mm i would say ) as your first project . 
  it 's so much easier to learn if you can actually see what you 're doing !, 
  of course i do not have enough information to jump to any conclusions , but could it be that you do n't actually have a low supply , but rather that your baby 's not a very effective eater ? 
  btw , i totally squirted myself in the face with breastmilk the other night . . not a proud moment :p, 
  it 's too dark to really see much . 
  seeing as tearing is not exactly uncommon in both the vagina and outer areas . . no , it 's all painful . 
  pretty much the same here in norway . 
  that looks so cool !, 
  it looks great !, 
  and i love your floors !, 
  i literally gasped reading this !, 
  so happy baby was fine, 
   taking pictures of her in every single outfit she was given as a present , even if i did n't like it and she never wore it again ; people really appreciated that, 
  i did that too !, 
  i think it 's such a nice way to say thank you and show your appreciation of the gift . 
  mine just went through a phase where he would only sleep in the stroller so my first instinct is to suggest you try that . 
  i often find the fresh air makes him tired and he has longer naps outside than in his bed . 
  i come from a country where cosleeping is viewed as completely normal so our nurse and pediatrician does n't mind at all as long as we do it safely . 
  in our momgroup of 4 , all of us cosleep with our babies . 
  usually he 'll nap outside in his stroller , but if he does it inside i 'll nurse him to sleep and leave him there sleeping no problem . 
  but i recommend using the stroller or babywearing as the others have suggested . 
  not mine . . 
  he 's never done !, 
  even when you wait extra long after you heard the last sound , the second you put the clean diaper on he 's going to finish pooping . 
  or , even better , poop right as you lift him over to the sink for a rinse so the poop sprays everywhere !, 
  that was a fun day !, 
  my baby 's grandparents are all really normal so i might not recognize the crazy , but that did n't really sound weird to me at all . 
  so ... maybe she did n't mean it literally and was just an overexcited new grandma ? 
  obviously i do n't know the backstory , and maybe grandma is completely bonkers , i just would n't have even raised an eyebrow at that convo .
