  and they are doing great !, 
  granted , they are not going do very well in competitions as the pug just ca n't match the speed of a lot of the other dogs , but it 's a healthy , happy and very active short nosed dog . 
  yeah , that 's a little different than the backyard i was picturing . 
  the problem i mentioned with relying on it to excersise itself in the garden stems mostly from the fact that it 's so repetetive and not at all mentally stimulating . 
  it sounds like your `` garden '' will have a lot more going on in it , which will help keeping the dog busy ( checking out visitors , watching , the horses etc. ) . 
  maybe avoid breeds with strong guarding traits if there are people walking in and out of the property ( you mentioned a riding school ) . 
  most dogs can physically do agility with the exception of very heavy and moloss type dogs aswell as breeds that are predespositioned to have hip - and elbow-displasia as it puts to much pressure on their joints . 
  you might also have a problem teaching it to a greyhound type dog as they generally speaking do n't have the same type of focus and trainability . 
  never say never , though , breed is n't always everything . 
  i am actually picturing you with a ( carefully selected ) pug or a boston terrier or something of the likes . 
  or maybe a papillon ( they are a lot tougher than they look !, 
  funny you should say that . 
  papillon actually is the french name for butterfly , named after their butterfly resembling ears , 
  i would advice you to narrow yourself down to a few breeds you want to consider , then go to a dogshow or make an appointment with a breeder and go check out the dogs and see what their owners has to say about them . 
  you may change your view on a breed once you see it up close and get to experience it for real . 
  i 'm not sure if i completely understand what 's going on here . . you have an adult maltese , who does not like , and have shown agressive tendencies towards , other dogs ? 
  then you get a puppy to make your adult dog more comfortable with dogs ? 
  but you do n't allow them to interact because the adult is agressive towards the puppy ? 
  on the basis of the other post it seems your puppy is now around 4 months old . 
  have you done any sosialization with it ? 
  it 's very important at this age to expose your puppy to pther dogs in a safe manner . 
  you should find safe , calm , mild mannered adult dogs for the puppy to interact with aswell as other puppies for it to play with . 
  be particular about the adult dogs you introduce it to , you do n't want it to get a lot of bad experiences at this stage as it can lead to fear and dog agression later . 
  if your adult dog is agressive towards , and can not behave with , the puppy , your best bet is probably to keep them seperated and only allow them to interact in controlled enviroments . 
  ok , [ here ] ( http://www.paw-rescue.org/paw/pettips/dogtip_socializationpup.php ) is an article on sosialization . 
  and [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-mk6v2wqufs ) is a short video on introducing a puppy to an agressive dog . 
  i do n't know how viable it is , though , as your adult dog has had little to none sosialization itself and wo n't necessarily act like a `` normal '' dog . 
  you should really consider booking an appointment with a dog trainer to come and assess the situation . 
  i do n't get what you mean , actually . . do you think that by including a trainer you wo n't bond with the puppy ? 
  if anything , a good trainer will give you tools to work with the dogs and improve your bond . 
  just google `` saudi arabia '' . 
  should give you an idea . 
  gorgeous !, 
  i think you have gotten a lot of very good tips in this thread , especially regarding mental stimulation and giving it a job . 
  one thing i do n't think i 've seen anyone mention is training the dog to calm itself . 
  sometimes , if a dog is used to and expect something to happen 24/7 , it can have a really hard time calming itself down no matter how tired it is . 
  in those cases it needs to be taught . 
  especially at that age . 
  first thing is you should declare inside a calm-zone . 
  no playing or overly excited behaviour indoors . 
  if you want to play or goof around you need to take the dog outside . 
  secondly you should not reward whining , barking , scratching , pacing or any other stressful and action-seeking behaviour . 
  just ignore it ( i know it 's hard ) and when the dog finally calms down you can go over and pet it in a calm manner or give it a treat to reinforce . 
  sometimes , if a dog is unable to calm down on it 's own , you may have to help it . 
  enforcing a stay-command or even tying it to the table to force it to keep still . 
  note : forcing the dog to calm down should never be carried out as a punishment . 
  you need to be calm , gentle and reward the dog when it acts appropriate ( just do n't use playing as a reward , that kind of defeats the purpose ) . 
  lastly there are many calming exersices you can do . 
  as a beginning i would search for `` it 's yer choice '' on youtube . 
  there are plenty of videos on this method and most of them will explain it better than me . 
  do you not have an online , national regestry for this ? 
  do you have to check every breeder one by one ? 
  in my country there is a regestry with the national kennel clup where pedigree , health tests and show results are automatically logged . 
  this means you can check everything from the puppy to the grandparents , aunts and uncles , siblings etc. 
  it also has a feature to see the percentage of inbreeding in any combination . 
  makes finding a good breeder a lot easier aswell as being a good tool if you 're a breeder yourself and wants to find a good pairing . 
  i see , that would definitely makes it harder to find a good breeder , especially for a first time owner who may not know exactly what to look for . 
  yeah , it 's a really helpful tool when looking for a puppy . 
  it 's also quite interesting to check from time to time to see what my boy 's siblings have been up to and how they 're doing in the showring . 
  you 've gotten some great in-depth advice already so i wo n't elaborate on that . 
  i just wanted to give you a word of advice :, 
  every time your dog does something it 's not supposed to it 's because you failed as a trainer . 
  it 's not a default setting in a dog to wait at the door to be given permission to go outside , it has to be tought . 
  same with coming when you call her , going back inside when she 's having so much outside and every little detail we like our dogs to do because it makes it easier to keep them in a sivilised society . 
  so the next time she 's being `` bad '' do n't be mad at her . 
  if you have to be mad , direct it at yourself for being a poor trainer . 
  more constructive , think `` why did this happen ? 
  how have we trained for this ? 
  how can i do better ? '' . 
  when you think about it this way , it seems pretty unfair of you to let your anger out on the dog , no ? 
  look at that terrier face !, 
  what kind of coat does she have ? 
  soft ? 
  rough ? 
  and how big is she ? 
  she looks a lot like a yorkie , but she seemed a little big . 
  is he neutered ? 
  you should definitely take him to the vet anyways , but it might just be a bitch in heat down the road . 
  male dogs can get pretty stressed out by that . 
  do they know they 're not supposed to do it ? 
  or do they know they 're not supposed to do it while you are in the room ? 
  we often give our dogs way to much credit in the cognitive department when the truth is they 're quite simple . 
  if they get a reward ( or the reward is big enough ) they 'll continue the behaviour , if they do n't get a reward ( or the reward is too small ) or get punished they discontinue the behaviour . 
  by leaving food items on the counter when you know she 'll get up there , and giving her access to the trash when you 're not around you 're basically ( indirectly ) teaching her to go look for food when you 're not around . 
  everytime she finds food this behaviour gets reinforced . 
  at the same time you 've taught her not to try and get to the food while you are around , so she 's not . 
  these are two different situations for your dog . 
  yeah , i get that , and there are big differences between dogs and how much food-drive they have . 
  and maybe teaching was the wrong word to use , you 're certanly not actively teaching it to the dog , but the learning still occures . 
   so , how do you teach your dog not to grab food off someone 's plate when they leave the room to use the bathroom or something ? 
  you need to make it worth it for the dog not to take it and you need to make sure the dog understands what you are expecting of it . 
  seeing as this have ( as far as i could tell ) been going on for a while , you have to start from scratch . 
  do you have a stay command down ? 
  if not you should work on it , but if you already do you can ask the dog to stay in one place while you are eating . 
  as long as stays he gets bits of food ( or dog treats , whichever has the highest value ) . 
  once he gets the point you the frequency of treats goes down , vary it though so it 's not for instance excactly 10 min between treats , but rather maybe 5 min between , then 10 min , then 2 min or something like that . 
  it should be often enough that the dog understands that laying still , means a treat will come at one point , but not so often that you stuff the dog . 
  the point is to make it wait for it . 
  once the dog understands whats expected of it you can start making it a bit more difficult . 
  leave your food on the table and step out of the room .
