  really you guys ? 
  i had my first doctor 's appointment at 12 weeks , but did n't get to ultrasound until last friday : at 18 weeks !, 
  i totally get it !, 
  i did n't even get to hear the heartbeat until the ultrasound at 18 weeks . 
  the doctors appointment at 12 was just bloodworks and history - which is normal procedure in my country . 
  it was worth the wait , though - seeing our ( healthy and singular ) baby boy was absolutely amazing !, 
  yeah , even though we 're not really `` at risk '' of getting twins it was still a relief to get it confirmed . 
  i 'm from norway and here you only have one ultrasound , normally between 17-19 weeks . 
  normally you see your doctor ( gp ) at 12 weeks and have doctor 's appointments once a month from then on . 
  you can also choose to see a midwife , but they generally wo n't see you until you 're over 20 weeks along . 
  you can choose whether you want to see your doctor or your midwife , but the most common thing is to see both at alternating months , which is what i plan on doing . 
  ultrasound is done at the hospital with a gynecologist . 
  this is what is most normal , but obviously if you need it you get more ultrasounds or can see a midwife earlier etc. 
  all of this is part of the public healthcare system and is free of charge , but if you want to you can pay to get more ultrasounds , for instance a 3d ultrasound - which a lot of people do . 
  if we were having a boy we would probably have named her aria or annabelle . 
  other names on the list were ea , vilje , lilje ( although those three might be too norwegian sounding for native english speakers ) and peyton and harper , though we figured they did n't really work in our language . 
  like the others have said - it depends on the breed and how familiar you are with them . 
  schipperkes for instance are supposed to look distinctly masculine/feminine so they 're pretty easy to distinguish even if you 're not very used to the breed while a breed like staffordshire bull terrier is a lot harder to distiguish for an untrained eye because they all have some traits that in other breeds are thought of as masculine ( wide shoulders , wide heads etc. 
  i would love to help you as i think there are way too little research done on the subject . 
  i 'm not an american citizen , though , i live in norway - am i still eligible ? 
  that 's not even negative reinforcement - it 's positive punishment . . 
  if he ca n't even get the most basic of terminology right i doubt he 's even familiar with the most basic of any learning theory . . ignorant and arrogant makes for the worst combination of `` trainer '' and my heart absolutely breaks for that dog and any other that 's unfortunate enough to get in the hands of those kinds of people . 
   i dont think we will be able to do multiple walks a day, 
  that 's really the least you can do when you have dogs . . 
  does she get any exercise at all ? 
  keeping her in a backyard does n't count . 
   i will shorten how long i leave their food out in the mornings, 
  10-15 minutes is all you need . 
  they 'll catch on fairly quickly . 
  i do n't know anyone with a dog that does n't do that , except for a couple of less competent dog owners who probably should n't have dogs at all ( for several reasons ) . 
  it does n't need to be excessive either - two 30 min walks for instance , one in the morning and one in the afternoon . 
  most people have time for that - take it out of your tv-watching time or something . 
  getting her out more may also help with the over eating problem beyond just the exercise part . 
  obsessiveness can often be linked to boredom . 
  the dog does n't get enough mental stimulation or physical exercise and starts focusing that pent up energy into something else and it turns obsessive . 
  for instance pacing the fence , barking at passers by , obsession with balls or food . 
  if i could i would have a pack consisting of, 
  * a basenji, 
  * a mastiff ( variant not important as long as it has a huge head and an impressive demeanor ), 
  * an afghan hound ( so much grooming required , though ! ), 
  * a norwegian lundehund, 
  and, 
  * a pug, 
  i would also throw in an irish wolfhound for my boyfriend as i know he wants one . 
  we would be a sight to behold !, 
  ooh , another schipperke !, 
  but yeah , i would consider going to a different vet for a second opinion . 
  especially considering it 's been going on for weeks with no improvement ( as far as i know ) . 
  schipperkes are a pretty feisty breed and in my experience , if they lose their `` spirits '' they 're really not feeling well . 
  chain collars are supposed to be gentlest for the fur - have you tried that ? 
  congratulations , that looks like a wonderful result !, 
  i 'm just a bit confused . . 1 is bad and 5 is good , right ? 
  but on the shooting part you only got a 1 , yet the description indicates he did very well . 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  in norway dinner for one is always ( always ) shown the night before christmas eve . 
  they tried to skip it once , but got so many complaints that they ended up showing it anyway . 
  never tried to skip it again . 
  mr. bean is also always shown around christmas here , but we have a bit more relaxed attitudes towards that . 
  congratulations on the puppy !, 
  i absolutely adore poodles . 
  one of our neighbours got a standard poodle puppy when we got ours so they basically grew up together . 
  really smart , athletic , well tempered dogs . 
  if i enjoyed grooming more i would definitely consider one as they 're ticking most of my other boxes . 
  enjoy your puppy !, 
  they grow up so fast , although it 's also a bit of a relief when they do , lol . 
  nobody here can diagnose your dog . 
  in addition to this , several kennel clubs have requirements that the dog needs to prove it is able to do the work it was intended to do before being allowed a champion-title . 
  i do think some of the blame needs to be shifted from the breeders to the kennel clubs for not demanding enough from their breeders and handlers . 
  yeah , i get what you 're saying and i think it 's important to adhere to what makes sense for each individual breed . 
  i 'm not sure about the specific practices in other countries , but i do n't believe an actual field work title is required for any breed here in norway in order to get the show championship . 
  for gsds i believe they need to get at least second place in two field trials and in some breeds like the dachshund , i believe they only have to prove they have the drive to hunt . 
  of course bad breeders will be bad breeders . 
  but adding requirements might work as an incentive to produce sounder dogs . 
  and if the dogs need to be functional in order to win , people who only care about winning will likely produce more functional dogs . 
  obviously it does n't make sense to have additional requirements for all breeds . 
  yeah , that 's a mentality test . 
  how ? 
  it 's a pretty straightforward test in regards to what they 're testing for . 
  how does the dog react to sudden movements , sounds etc. 
  designed to scare it ? 
  how long does it take for it to calm down afterwards ? 
  how does it react to something weird walking silently towards it ( the ghosts ) ? 
  how about when it realises it 's human beings ? 
  how old is she ? 
  what do you do when you take her out to use the bathroom ? 
  so ... you look like a puppy ? 
  this dream of a coat from haust collection . 
  i want it so bad !, 
  trusting him off leash and working on recall from the get go . 
  an 8 week old puppy will not stray far and are basically programmed to follow you around so i think we got a lot of training for `` free '' just by starting that early . 
  also , having a barky breed , starting to work on bark inhibition and quiet command from the day we brought him home . 
  it does have a belt and closes as a trenchcoat , but yeah , i see what you mean . 
  might be more of a fall/spring coat than a full blown winter coat in harsher climates . 
  as a very pregnant lady ( due november 4th ) , i love all of the [ oversized knitwear ] ( http://i.imgur.com/dlqtl4s.jpg ) i can find now , like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ucbnzur.jpg ) and [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/lxrly5p.jpg ) . 
  i just bought [ this dress ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wrraty7.jpg ) and am actually looking forward to the weather getting cold enough for me to wear it . 
  i will be the queen of layering this winter !, 
  in parts because none of my warmer outerwear will close anymore . . 
  that is so cool !, 
  you should totally wear it this season . 
  also , i love your hair !,
