  as apposed to . . when ? 
  i think we live in a much less cynical world now than we ever have . 
  less than a hundred years ago children with disabilities were sent away to live in special homes and were paraded before the general public in freak-shows , other ethnicities were viewed as sub-humans and treated as such and medical and psychological experiments were contucted on people , some of which did n't even know about it ( e.g. 
  the tuskegee syphilis experiment ) . 
  all in all i think this is the least cynical generation we 've ever had . 
  thanks for the link . 
  turns out the video is from [ this place . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfgzot9l_k0 ) so cringeworthy and so unsafe !, 
  i know , right ? 
  they 're just walking around with tigers on a leash occasionally attacking people . 
  i would not want to be their neighbour ( which he said kept complaining about them out of `` jealousy '' . . ), 
  it 's actually the other way around ; norwegians talk when they 're drunk , danes sounds like they have a potato in their mouth . 
  all there are practically the same language , though . 
  i agree with this . 
  the bigger the spider , the less likely it is to crawl inside you and lay eggs . 
  how is stand wiping possible ? 
  do you bend over or something ? 
  seems so much easier to sit down . 
  no , but i have normal buttcheeks who are closer together when i stand than when i sit . 
  oh my god , that is the funniest thing i 've read in a while !, 
  thank you for making me laugh . 
  that sentence could really use a comma . 
  advertising directly to children is actually illegal in many countries , including my own . 
  yes , that was really interesting . 
  but seeing that poor kid and his mother trying to lose weight while eating cornflakes for breakfast and drinking soda throughout the day , do americans really do n't know that sugar is bad for you ? 
  ( gross generalisation , but i hope you understand what i mean ) . 
  i just remember when i was a kid the school brought in a dentist who showed us pictures of rotting teeth to show us what would happen if we are/drank too much sugar . 
  maybe that 's an idea ? 
  those soulless eyes . . 
  eating healthy is really quite easy , and yet so hard . 
  everything in moderation is the key thing . 
  one thing that could make a big difference for a lot of people is to only drink water when you 're thirsty , everything else is a treat . 
  keep a bottle of water with you at all times and keep hydrated and the need for sugar-filled drinks should go down . 
  additionally you should eat food that gives you nutrition and keeps you full longer . 
  cornflakes are , for instance , a horrible breakfast . 
  it 's only sugar and corn , no significant nutritional value and you become hungry again less than an hour after breakfast . 
  foods like whole wheat bread gives your body substance to work with and will keep you full longer . 
  eat it with eggs , meat , cheese , marmelade or whatever you fancy . 
  as for cooking , learn how to cook and make dinner from scratch . 
  it 's amazing how much healthier things become when you make them from proper commodities rather than using processed foods . 
  you should eat veggies with every dinner , but find out which veggies you like and how you like them cooked instead of forcing yourself to eat soggy or canned veggies until you 're fed up with them . 
  remember you should ideally eat fish three times a week and that there are a lot of different ways to prepare it if you do n't like the taste , for instance gratains , burgers , pies etc. 
  i 'm really curious now !, 
  oh no , that 's horrible !, 
  what 's a jv cat ? 
  did you guys hurt some cats ? 
  good on you for owning up to it though , hope all of you learned a lesson . 
  i honestly were not joking . 
  i 'm not a native english speaker and have never heard that term before . 
  it 's easy to step over the line when you are many people doing it together `` just for fun '' . 
  it 's also a hell of a lot harder to be the one to speak up about it so and it sounds like you learned a lot from it . 
  he has n't given up , he 's doing what most people would do in this situation : curling up to protect his face , head , throat and vital organs . 
  that 's instinct . 
  terriying video , though . 
  you should keep you and your dog in at a safe distanca from other dogs and obstacles which may cause problems ( e.g if there is a person or a tree between you and your dog you would have to go around them/it in order to get control of the dog ) . 
  you should also always be aware of any dogs approaching and take precocions accordingly . 
  as the owner of a dog with good recall unless another dog gets to close i have developed a bit of a hawkeye when he 's off leash . 
  if you see a dog approaching you , you indeed pull her in , or at least gets her close enough to you or far enough away from the other dog so that you have control over her or she ca n't get to the dog . 
  having her on a long leash could also be a great training tool to help with the aggression . 
  there is a very easy and effective ( not to be confused with quick ) method that i unfortunately do n't know the english name for . 
  in my language it is called the gossip-method . 
  what you do is that every time your dog looks at a dog you give her a treat . 
  you should be so far away from the other dog that she does n't show any aggressive behaviour or gets stressed . 
  the idea is to reprogramme the dog to have positive connatations to seeing a dog ( or whatever it is scared of or aggressive towards ) . 
  the most important thing is it comes from you . 
  once the dog gets the idea it should start looking at you when it spots another dog to get it 's treat ( again , providing it 's at a comfortable distance . 
  do n't move to fast ) . 
  this turned into lecture on dog training which was very presumtous of me , i 'm sorry . 
  but my point was that when you 've worked this method for a while you could teach your dog to run back to you for it 's treat everytime it sees another dog which would pretty much eliminate the problem . 
  it will take time though . 
  sorry this was so long !, 
   if you have stairs , throw the pup 's kibble/treats down the stairs . 
  then make them run up the stairs to get the next piece . 
  then throw the next one down . 
  this is our go-to exercise in the winter when it is below zero . 
  remember to be careful with this if you have a larger , heavier breed or a dog that 's not fully grown . 
  running down stairs puts a lot of pressure on their joints . 
  you write that you will provide your dog with 30 min playtime and a brief walk a day . 
  depending on what you mean by `` brief '' that seems like very little activity . 
  remember that on walks the dogs get to use all it 's sences and explore the world around it and i believe that even for the most docile breeds , 1 hour of walking outside of the property a day is minimum . 
  you also write that you want a semi-lazy dog that is very , very trainable . 
  all dogs are trainable , but i gather you want a very intelligent dog . 
  a lot of the most inelligent dogs are working dogs that needs a lot of physical and mental activity to be satisfied . 
  at least one exception is pappillon ( a breed you should look into , although they do require some grooming ) which does n't need as much physical excercise as many of the other . 
  however , the more intelligent a dog is , the more mental activities you should provide it so it does n't get bored . 
  also , more intelligent means it 's easier to teach it the wrong thing or the more cunning it can be in it 's mischief if it gets bored . 
  honestly , the first dog i thought of when i read your post was english bulldog . 
  pretty lazy , laid-back , drooling sacks of love . 
  pretty dumb though . 
  also , have you thought about what to do when you move out of your parents home ? 
  renting an appartment when you own a dog is n't always the easiest . 
  do you have a plan for what happens to the dog if you ca n't find a place that allows dogs ? 
  feel free to ask if you have any questions or have some breeds in mind that you would like to know more about . 
  first of all , you should stop right now looking for a replica of the dog you lost . 
  you will never find it and you will be dissappointed . 
  do n't set yourself up for failure . 
  that said , have you heard about a breed called schipperke ? 
  i own one myself so i 'm not completely unbias , but they are not a breed for anyone and it checked every point you had . 
  the schipperke is an old belgian breed with records from the early 17th century . 
  they were sort of the poor mans farmdog and a jack of all trades ( see ? ) .
