  so he 's a bit reactive to those breeds now and i do n't want to expose a puppy to that . 
  ** do you understand that dogs can live up to 15 + years ? 
  absolutely . 
  ** do you have a fenced yard , or is there a large fenced area nearby ? 
  so it 's important it 's a breed that can be trained to be offleash . 
  ** do you have young ( i.e under ~ 8 ) children ( or planning on having children ) ? 
  no , but we will probably be having children in the future . 
  ** are you experienced with owning/training dogs ? 
  yes . 
  ** where do you intend to keep your dog ? 
  inside with us as part of the family . 
  ** what 's the weather like where you live ? 
  it often rains . 
  like a lot . 
  in summer we can have up to around 25\u00bac ( 77\u00baf ) and in winter down to about -5 \u00bac ( 23\u00baf ) . 
  ** did you budget for your new dog ? 
  not yet , but it would n't be a problem financially . 
  ** where do you intend to get the dog from ? 
  ( breeder , shelter , breed specific rescue etc ) **, 
  breeder . 
  ** what are you looking to get out of your dog ? 
  ( i.e a running buddy , a lap warmer/companion , guard dog ... ) **, 
  a companion , hiking buddy , training partner . 
  i also enjoy showing at dog shows and would n't be opposed to starting with a dog sport , though there 's not many places to do that here at the moment . 
  ** breeds that you are interested in ? 
  so the obvious choice would be another schipperke as we are are really happy with our current dog and the breed in general and we are seriously considering buying another one . 
  however , it would also be nice to get a puppy that did n't need that much socialization to be ok with strangers , children etc. 
  maybe a slightly less sharp and more of a i-love-people dog ? 
  so we 've been thinking about boston terriers , pugs ( i know they 're not the most trainable , but they are so lovely ) , norwegian lundehund and danish swedish farm dog . 
  i have also fallen a bit in love with basenjis , but they would be everything that 's difficult with schipperkes amped up . 
  my boyfriend would really like to have an irish wolfdog , although we ca n't have one until we find a bigger place to live so they are out of the question for now , and a french bulldog . 
  what do you think ? 
  i know the song is called `` sweet tea '' , but i have no idea what the band is called . 
  they are not going to be well known , but i used to have this song on my computer so there are a recording of it . 
  it 's sort of a indie/folk type feel to it . 
  the only thing i remember from the lyrics are the beginning : `` and all the sugar , after it 's been brewed '' . . or atleast that 's what i think the lyrics are . 
  the chords on piano are :, 
  c-37 ( long ) d-39 c-37 b-36 g-44 ( long ) b-36 b-36 c-37 a-34, 
  and ---------- all -- the -- sug -- aaar -------- af -- ter -- it 's -- been -, 
  a-34 g-32 e-41 d-39 g-44 f-42 e-41 d-39 c-37, 
  brewed-i -- let -- it ----- sit -- for -- awhii -- ii -- le, 
  that last part may be the lyrics but i 'm not sure i trust my memory at this point . . any ideas ? 
  it would be much appreciated !, 
  edit : i forgot to write that it 's a man singing and the song is about him and a girl in love . 
  and something about his grandma i think . 
  there is some talk of fireflies and that she looks cute in his shirt . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  about a month ago we noticed a strong , metallic , unpleasant odor whenever draco licked his bottom . 
  he also licked a lot more vigurously and more often so we suspected he had a problem with his anal gland . 
  we therefore made an appointment with our veterinarian who confirmed our suspicion and proceeded to drain them , confirming in the process that it was the same smell we had noticed . 
  after the procedure we were sent home with three days worth of painkillers and a cream to reduce any itchiness . 
  the smell lingered , though . 
  at first we thought maybe some of it had gotten into his fur but it has been over two weeks since the procedure , he has been showered since and the smell has n't gotten weaker , it almost feels like it has gotten stronger . 
  the smell only comes when he washes his bottom , though , and he does that a lot less so it does n't seem to be itching anymore . 
  i have never had to deal with this before so i 'm wondering if this is normal . 
  does it take a while for it to go back to normal , should he be odorless by now or does this warrant another visit to our vet ? 
  crufts started today !, 
  but does anyone know of any way to watch the breed judging or do they only show the group judging ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e8qosscefvm ) is a link to the live feed if anyone is interested . 
  there have been several posts lately about puppies and how hard and exhausting it is to raise them , and do n't get me wrong , it is !, 
  but in these posts you often get the impression that puppyhood is super hard and then it becomes and adult and everything is wonderful , skipping the ( for me at least ) worst period of them all : adolescence . 
  now , i 'll be the first to admit that i was really lucky with my puppy . 
  we were two people to share the job , i studied at the time and could do that from home so he rarely had to be alone and we had a very attentive and adorable puppy . 
  once he hit sexual maturity , though , he turned into a complete asshole . 
  suddenly he no longer had time to even look at us on walks , several months of training had seemingly just vanished and any knew training did n't stick at all . 
  he also had this fase where everytime he saw a dog he could n't get to he would growl and bark his head off . 
  oh , and nobody he did n't know could touch him and he barked at those who tried . 
  that 's when i started thinking we had made a huge mistake !, 
  i thought it was a mistake to get a dog in the first place and it was definately a mistake to get a relatively challenging breed . 
  seriously , adolescence is awful and all you can do is stay consistent and ride it out . 
  in my country at least , the majority of dogs given up by their owners are between 1 and 2 years old . 
  i do n't think that 's a coincidence . 
  anyway , that 's just my two cents as i 've been wondering why nobody mentions it . 
  what do you guys think ? 
  me and my boyfriend are currently looking at a new harness for our little one , but we ca n't seem to agree on which type of harness we want . 
  he prefers an h-harness and wants to buy the [ julius k9 ] ( http://k9-usa.com/idc-powerharness-light-neon-green ) , while i prefer y-harnesses and really like the [ hurtta active harness ] ( http://hurtta.com/en/products/harnesses/active%20harness/ ) . 
  since we ca n't agree on which kind of harness is the best i got curious about what you guys think . 
  so , r/dogs , which kind do you prefer and why ? 
  i 'm 10 weeks pregnant and for the past month i 've been absolutely miserable with nausea -- it feels like the worst hangover of my life , only it 's every day . 
  i know , however , that i 'm not the only one who 's miserable and i was wondering how long did the nausea last with you ? 
  i 'm not very big yet , but my pants and tights are starting to get really uncomfortable to wear and i 've strarted looking at some maternity clothing . 
  pants are ok , but tights seem really hard to find , especially in good , lasting quality . 
  i wear a lot of skirts and dresses to work so i would rather invest in a few lasting pairs than having to buy the same cheap pair over and over again because they keep tearing . 
  normally i 'm very happy with wolford , but unfortunately they do n't have a maternity line so i 'm a bit lost . . 
  currently 7 days past due date and i really need baby to start making his entrance soon !, 
  we went to the hospital today and , though everything looked good and both me and baby are healthy , there was no sign of the labour starting anytime soon . 
  i know that can change really quickly , but it 's very disheartening as i was sure i felt something yesterday . . 
  anyways , i got a new appointment on monday , and if nothing happens this weekend , there is a pretty big chance that i 'll get induced then . . 
  which i really do n't want to !, 
  so wish me luck ladies , we 're crossing fingers and toes and everything we have for a birth this weekend !, 
  [ removed ], 
  positives ? 
  negatives ? 
  how do you practically doing it - like budgeting dates etc ? 
  has it changed your relationship at all ? 
  i 'm just really curious about all of your experiences with it . 
  i just found this sub and it seems like such a good premise to me , but it 's just filled with spam and almost no genuine activity even though it has over 4000 subscribers . 
  it should be possible to make this work , no ? 
  where are the mods ?
