  i can tell him which side of the road i want him to walk on , he stops and waits for me before crossing a road ( walking in front of me because we 're working on him waiting before crossing , not something we normally would do ) , whenever we pass a dog he is next to me and he does not lunge so i 'm not scared of the leash breaking . 
  he also has good recall so it would n't be the end of the world . 
  it 's not good for control though , so if we 're going to a crowded place , or dog shows , public transport etc. 
  we use a normal leash . 
  on another note , while we were out walking today we were coming up to passing a woman with this giant , muscle dog ( my dog in retractable leash , by my side ) . 
  apparently this dog decided it wanted to meet my dog and came running up to us with this poor woman just flailing helplessly behind it . 
  she had a normal leash . 
  leashes ca n't replace training and common sense . 
  that sounds like a very stressful situation !, 
  i do n't really see the gsd . . for some reason i immediately thought malinois when i saw the side photo . 
  something about the body and the tail , but i ca n't really put my finger on it . 
  are they common in your area ? 
  he has a golden retriever face though . 
  probably a mix of several different breeds . 
  it 's not really that black and white . . we were allowed to pick our own puppy from a great , responsible breeder who have bred many healthy , good tempered , champion quality dogs . 
  the puppy we chose are healthy , happy and well on is way to becoming a champion himself . 
  i read that in the voice of jack donaghy . 
  i was just wondering , what have you done specifically to try and fix this ? 
  have you done any home alone training ? 
  how long did you stay home with the dog before returning to work and leaving it alone ? 
  have you tried leaving it out of the crate ? 
  how did it react ? 
  how many hours do you keep it crated on average during a 24 hour intervall ? 
  what does the breeder say about the issue ? 
  was it like this with them or is it a new problem ? 
  it may or may not be separation anxiety . 
  it may just be a dog that still feels a bit unsafe in a new home and gets scared when left alone . 
   not sure what this one is . 
  is it different than the above ? 
  home alone training is gradually training your dog to be alone . 
  we have no way of explaining to a dog that we 're going to work and will be back in 7 hours , for all the dog knows you may have dissappeared forever , never to return . 
  the best way to do this is to start with really small intervalls , gradually increasing the time apart until it can be left alone a whole workday . 
  in comparison you spent all day with her the first couple of days , then she was alone for two hours , six hours the next day and so on . 
  you leave her alone for several hours in a brand new , unfamiliar enviroment , with no proper training and expect her to be fine . 
  which some dogs might be but most wo n't . 
  this probably sounded harsher than i intended , my point is , based on everething you 've said , i do n't think she has separation anxety . 
  i think she just needs some time to warm up to your house and see it as a safe place . 
  read up on home alone training , there are a lot of great material out there . 
   should we consider not putting her in the crate ? 
  yes , i would absolutely consider not locking her in the crate . 
  for some dogs the crate is a safe place where they feel secure . 
  for others it 's a confined space they can not escape from if they were to feel threatened . 
  give her access to the crate as before , just do n't lock it . 
  secure the house and limit the roaming as you feel necessary . 
  maybe set up a webcam to check in on her while you are at work to see what she 's doing . 
  if you 're lucky , maybe that 's all it takes . 
  that being said , there is no shame in returning her if she 's proving to much for you . 
  good luck to you !, 
  wall to wall carpets really are n't that big of a thing in europe ( except uk ) . 
  also , our puppy were given free reign of our ( small ) apartment from the get-go . 
  sure , he had som accidents and destroyed a few mobile chargers and headsets , but he settled down pretty quickly . 
  how are you doing ? 
  have you seen any improvement or decided what to do ? 
  i 've been wondering about you . 
  gsds can be absolutely amazing dogs , or they can be absolutely horrible . 
  some of that comes from bad breeding ( yes , they are supposed to be sensitive but not nervous wrecks ) but a lot of the time people get a gsd and have no idea what they 're doing or what kind of dog they 're getting . 
  gsds are a lot of dog . 
  they are intelligent , workaholic , sharp ( do you use that term in english ? 
  ) , intense and very strong . 
  if you decide the breed is right for you , find a good breeder ( maybe through the national breed club if you have one ? ), 
  and talk to them . 
  do n't buy a puppy right away , see if you can meet their dogs , talk to them about training , socializing , health issues and positives and negatives about the breed . 
  i live in norway . 
  yes , but they are around the same size as my schipperke so they do n't stress him out as much . 
  he 's only played with one though , but they went very well together . 
  yeah , the pug would be for cuddles and kisses . 
  i know it 's the odd one out , but they just have a special place in my heart . 
  i have actually thought about japanese spitz for all the wrong reasons . 
  they look kind of similar to schipperkes and it would be cool to have one black and one white . 
  i 've never met one though , so i 'll read up on them and see if they could be a fit . 
  haha , that 's a good point !, 
  i would be the black and white tweed lady . 
  not at all , they are amazing little dogs . 
  they need a good deal of excersice though , both mentally and physically , or they 'll live up to their nickname of `` little black devil '' . 
  i totally forgot about the sheltie !, 
  yeah , schipps are barkers so we have some experience in that area . 
  i believe they 're quite similar to schipps in temperament only slightly less guarding and prey drive if i 'm not mistaken . 
  they are a very good candidate to be honest . 
  yes !, 
  who are you ? 
  let 's pretend this never happened by jenny lawson , read by the author , is seriously one of the funniest books i 've ever read and listened to . 
  i ca n't recommend it high enough !, 
  is there a reason why she 's in the crate ? 
  most likely it will help just to let her roam at night and find her own bed , is this an option at all ? 
  ok . well , if she can hold it in the crate , she can hold it outside of the crate . 
  you will have some accidents , though , of course you will . 
  but that is why you should puppyproof your house , remove carpets , protect or remove wires as well as zoning off the house , she does n't need access to the whole place ( the one room she 's really going to want to be in is your room ) . 
  this is why we puppyprooof the house before we bring the puppy into it . 
  the night is for sleeping anyway and puppies should catch on to that pretty quickly . 
  if she does pee in the cage that may very well be a reason she 's barking . 
  dog do n't like lying in their waste any more than we do . 
  but i 'm happy to hear your night went well . 
  the simple solution is often the best , 
  done . 
  do people have scheduled playtime with their dogs ? 
  we just play when we feel like it and then play as long as we feel like . 
  so we might play for like 5 minutes 10 times a day , but that would mean crossing of for no playtime in the survey , even though we play often . 
  2 walks a day . 
  oh my god . . 
  they were just frantically petting that already stressed out dog .
