beautiful , i 've wanted to visit hamburg for some time now . 
  yeah , not being a fascist in turkey is a difficult task because some people are ready to call you out for not being like them . 
  turkey is going through a bad phase , we just hope it 's temporary . 
  correct , and we 'd like to believe that this is just a bad phase . 
  people are not changing . 
  there is a divide between the people , that is true , but more than half of the people are against the current government . 
  edit : grammar, 
  holding asian territory does n't make it asian either . 
  besides , europe as a continent does not have clear borders . 
  many argue that being european is mostly cultural and turkey as a vast land has that culture in it to some extend , as well as asian and middle eastern . 
  source : https://theculturetrip.com/south-america/articles/these-maps-show-the-happiest-countries-in-the-world/?utm_source=facebook&amp;utm_medium=ad&amp;utm_campaign=03222017happymap, 
  i did n't know turkey was this happy either . 
  i agree with you . 
  when i 'm in greece , everything seems familiar . 
  the music , the food , the alcohol . 
  plus i do blend in easily because we look similar too , 
  turkey is a vast country . 
  the western part is mostly european whereas the eastern part is more conservative . 
  til all turks are invaders and murderers . 
  alright , i 'll keep that in mind . 
  greeks do n't like turks . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  i meant the people . 
  you are right about the political parties . 
  cyprus has never been a topic in turkish internal politics . 
  maybe the majority of people but not all of them . 
  when did the turks ever directly vote for invading cyprus ? 
  if you say most greeks have problems with turks , i guess all my life i must have dealt with greeks who are in minority . 
  i ca n't talk on behalf of 100 million turks . 
  i do n't know if they support it or not . 
  however , i have greek friends , me and my family visit greece quite often and we have greek people visiting turkey . 
  and the cyprus issue never came up . 
  that 's what makes me think the people usually have no problems with each other . 
  amen brother, 
  looks like that thanks to turkey 's current government . 
  i just hope that turkey will have the experienced , secular , valuable leader that they so desperately need . 
  between the governments , yes . 
  no problem between the people though . 
  and that 's what matters the most imo . 
  here 's a copy/paste of an old comment of mine . 
  just gon na casually leave it here : my case is a little different but i have a few things to say on the matter . 
  i 'm a german turk , born in berlin , but grew up and went to school in turkey . 
  i have family in berlin and i love the city so i go visit quite often . 
  i go out to bars and clubs , and just basically spend my days out and travel to other cities too . 
  i never faced discrimination even though i obviously do n't look german . 
  that could be because i am culturally european unlike many turks in germany . 
  i guess what i 'm trying to say is , if you integrate , respect , and behave , you are going to be accepted in the society . 
  i do n't think they are at war with each other , even though i agree they have contradicting ideas in international politics . 
  greece is an ally not an enemy . 
  i know , i know . 
  i 'm one of them and i sincerely hope there will be many more !, 
  you would be surprised to see how many people live in turkey that are culturally european , my dear spanish friend . 
  [ there is a documentary about the cats in istanbul . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/zgyauo9uyoe ), 
  i 'm not talking about seats in the parliament but the popular vote of the people . 
  he has less than 50 % . 
  not much changed , the percentage of his votes has always been around that number . 
  turkey is divided into 2 , anti and pro-erdoganists . 
  you should have paid more attention in geography classes buddy . 
  oh trust me they do . 
  you did n't answer my previous question . 
  i 'm generally interested in why you dislike some 100 million people all together . 
  it seems a bit extreme . 
  now if you are saying you dislike not all of them but some , then it makes more sense . 
  i dislike some of them too . 
  he 's still getting the majority of the votes , around 40-something . 
  there are not only 2 political parties in turkey you know . 
  more than half of the turks hate erdogan too . 
  and as a german/turk i do agree that turkey still has to come a long way to join the eu . 
  they 've been only going backwards for the last 15 years , unfortunately . 
  guess because of whom ? 
  but there is always light after dawn , and i choose to be optimistic about turkey 's future . 
  they deserve it . 
  some , yes . 
  and some greeks are turks who converted to christianity . 
  you got ta distinguish between turks and arabs . 
  there is a big difference , from culture to looks . 
  do n't forget southeast europe, 
  why the hate against turkey ? 
  i ca n't tell if you are joking or not . 
  i do n't think it would annoy anyone . 
  his hair is slowly taking control of his body, 
  poldi is of polish origin . 
  thanks ukraine !, 
  i do feel safe in berlin despite terrorism . 
  that 's chriastanophobia right there . 
  i 've never been to ireland but i love irish and their culture !, 
  and send them to syria so that they can die there, 
  western turkey is european tho . 
  some say it is , some say it 's not . 
  what a tiring debate really . 
  i personally think it has elements from both european and middle eastern cultures , depending on where you are in the country since it 's a vast one . 
  i like kokkari in samos . 
  have fun !, 
  it made me laugh out loud actually . 
  proud of my city, 
  i do n't speak greek but i pronounce it as geerohs in greece and they understand so i guess it 's something like that . 
  yes, 
  gyros in turkey is d\u00f6ner , and shawarma in middle east, 
  something a high person would say,
