  it is pretty darn interesting ( that , and tall papa is just about the best name for a god ever ( no racist ) ) . 
  also something else :, 
  firstly i am not a mod , nor have i any experience with moderating , but there are some ... trends , that i do not really like . 
  firstly , a lot of comments got pulled this week . 
  i know most of those were spam , or just stupid , but some were not meant to be funny or break the discussion . 
  i can understand that , with all the new members this week , the mods need to show that this is a strictly moderated subreddit , but i 'd hate to see this turn into an / r/askscience or / r/askhistorians like subreddit , where there is no room for comunnity . 
  secondly , i am doubtful about the use of the warning box for posting . 
  it wo n't stop trolls , by far the most people wo n't spam anyway , and it is unwelcoming to new users . 
  a simple warning for new people who do make a mistake would be sufficient ( something that i am sure many of the regulars are also willing to give ) . 
  again , i am no moderator , and i am sure you mods have a good reason to do this , but i am a bit ... unhappy ( for lack of a better word ) about recent developments . 
  damn son , you are going into a rabbit hole you will never get out of . 
  no , but , seriously . 
  explaining this would be a very long and boring read . 
  explaining them all on the surfacr would take a while , and th details would be almost endless . 
  i hate to give a lazy answer , but since this is a very large amount of info you 're asking , i suggest you look up the right threads in the compilation , on the sidebar ( xenoposeidon added a topic search today , which will be a big help ) . 
  also look up the things on uesp and til ( not the elder scrolls or shoddycast , those are horrible ) . 
  further questions can be asked here , but ( preferably ) in smaller chuncks ( so we can go into more depth without hitting the character limit ) . 
  alinor has always been a centre of civilasation and culture , but i 'm tempted to say the bretons . 
  it seems that they have always had a nack of keeping their nose clean from the troubles of the rest of the continent ( the warp , oblivion crisis and the mess with orsinium being exceptions . 
  they are opportunitists at heart , and great merchants and diplomats . 
  still , this opportunitism has also caused much division in high rock , with many kingdoms and tribes fighting and backstabbing for supremacy ( this has waned in more recent years after the warp ) . 
  this means that not the entirety of high rock or the breton race would be prosperous , but my gess is that the would rank high . 
  but how much of that went back to them ? 
  first of , there is also a thing called mundus . 
  mundus is the plane ( t ) nirn , its two moons , and the eight plane ( t ) s . it is most likely that they all orbit nirn , and that the rest of the aurbis ( aetherius , oblivion , and mundus ) centre around nirn , as it is the hub of the metaphysical wheel . 
  also , nirn is finite due to lorkhan 's trickery , causing it to be an unstable perfection ( only semi-regulised by aka body-checking the damn thing ) . 
  the other planes are all infinite , yet of different sizes . 
  secunda is really smaller than masser , yet both are infinite ( you can make an allegory with a beam and a line in math , but i understood that does n't really hold up mathematically ) . 
  yes oblivion is in between them ( see mdn 's response for a more detailed explanation ) . 
  also for the graph , i 'm sorry but i 'm dead tired right now ( been a hell of a long day ) , so i do n't want to burn myself on the details of metaphysics right now . 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm sure someone will be around not too long from now . 
  the thu'um had always been a skill for the elite , since it was a very time consuming training . 
  i do not believe they would employ tongues for simple forge work . 
  we do know from in-game texts that tongues were employed in armies as siege weapons , using the voice to tear down castle walls . 
  it is also not unlikely that kings and lords would be trained in it . 
  the myths surrounding jurgen the calm mention other kings shouting at him . 
  also , the fact that ulfric is a tongue seems to hint at its ( former ) prevelance among the nobility . 
  that is not infinite , though . 
  we know how big the earth is , as it is measurable ( hell , the ancient greek had already figured that out ) . 
  if you walk in one direction , you will eventually hit the same point again . 
  on the other plane ( s ) , it works differently . 
  you can keep walking in one direction without ever coming past the same point . 
   i officially endorse you getting my old an-xileel flair, 
  damn that was fast . 
  ( assuming the mods all agree on it , which they probably ), 
  apart from the fact that it is easier to pronounce , i feel that the m also holds importance to the tribunal , since they are called mystery , mercy , and mastery in the lessons . 
  i called it finite ( minus the in - ) , but that is easy to miss . 
  about masser and secunda : you think you see half of it . 
  the minds of mortals are incapable of processing infinity , and as such see it as a sphere , suspended in emptiness . 
  masser and secunda , as the remains of a dead god , are infinite , as the gods themselves are infinite . 
  anu is was the amaranth of this world , but he is also a product of the godheads dream . 
  there may be several subgradients of dreams , but there are at least two dreams . 
  the original one of the godhead , with an amaranth ( possibly anu ) , and the current dream , in which anu is the amaranth/sub-godhead . 
  the hist are a special case here in , as they are not subgradients of et ` ada ( so the creation of mundus was n't vital in their creation ) . 
  while all mortals worship their direct supergradients ( except for the dwemer , but they are dead ) , the hist worship their own , which are n't daedra or aedra , but at a higher gradient altogether . 
  my bad , i felt as if you hinted at sithis being the direct secret creator of everything , but i might have misread . 
  there is very little known about the other kalpas , but we know that the ehlnofey already existed at convention . 
  it might be possible that tonal architecture can create more subgradients ( with its metaphysical properties ) , but as far as i know , that has n't happened . 
  we know that almost all races on tamriel have a common ancestor ( the ehlnofey ) . 
  however , and that they have branched out from there . 
  we know that in most cases either divine powers were at play ( orcs , dunmer , khajiit , ( possibly ) bosmer ) , or interbreeding ( bretons , possibly bosmer ) . 
  however , all these changes were in the course of millenia , instead of hundreds of thousands , to millions of years . 
  it seems somewhat likely that their is an evolution proces , but it works different from our universe . 
  before convention , time did flow irregular , so millions of years is about as right as a split-second . 
  however , no species ( or anything for that matter ) was able to hold their form . 
  also , we know that there was little diversity under the sapient species just after convention . 
  so yes , evolution goes way faster in the tes universe than irl . 
  they fled the atmoran/nordic onslaught following the night of tears . 
  they found shelter with the dwemer , who made them slaves . 
  they fed them poisenous mushrooms , tainting them into the hulking beasts you see in the game ( it is possible that there are other factors at play as well , but there is a scarcity of sources here ) . 
  you need to add a ) at the end of the address . 
  reddit formatting does not like brackets, 
  hagravens were , at some point , normal witches . 
  at some point , they can undergo a ritual which changes them into an hagraven . 
  they trade in humanity for powerful magic ( to who or what , is unknown , if at all ) . 
  meridia made umaril , or at least gave him much of his power . 
  i assume it is because of pelinal 's fits of genocide . 
  that makes sense . 
  meridia was an exiled magna-ge , being cast out of aetherius . 
  we know she longs for her return to the place . 
  mostly . 
  as with all of those , they are distinct beings , part of the same spirit . 
  due to different traditions , different forms took shape ( generally ) . 
  we know that all light comes from magnus , and that an aperture blocks out light . 
  so , taking in mind the second aperture , which blocks out holy light , we now know that the lockpick is in a place `` where the sun do n't shine '' , and why it is against the law of the sermons . 
  akatosh was merged with shezzar , and not lorkhan . 
  while the details seem unimportant , as shezzar and lorkhan are very similair , they are not the same person . 
  while shezzar is bow permanently stuck in akatosh , shor and lorkhan 's soul are still free . 
  i take shezzarine as a misnomer . 
  the most damous early shezzarines were in cyrodiil , where people worshipped shezzar . 
  but then again , that 's just assumption . 
  i think it is a type of deer . 
  staying at home , and working some extra hours . 
  i 'll have some diner with family , at christmas , but nothing big . 
  just came home from a late sinterklaas celebration ( imagine christmas , but then at the start of december , and with just the presents ) . 
  although that turned into a drinkfest real quick . 
  sovngarde can not be a part of aetherius , since mortals ca n't enter it ( even gods ca n't , as it is purely for the magna-ge ) . 
  what sovngarde is exactly , we do not know . 
  some say it is a part of the dreamsleeve , but there is still some discussion if the dreamsleeve is actually involved in the recycling of souls . 
  others say it is a part of the moons , as they are the corpse of lorkhan ( i.e.
