  it should be there somewhere ) . 
  it comes down to this : everything in the tes universe , both events and accounts , are subjective , and as such their interpretation is . 
  with the amount of shit that ended up on that floor ? 
  maybe not the best idea ... 
  from what i gathered , mystara is just a nod to d&d , as that is the origin of tes ( tamriwl was originally the d&d world some beth employees made for their game nights ) . 
  there might be more to it than that , but i could n't find it . 
  the imperials do seem to have a much bigger gene pool than the other races . 
  the song of pelinal and the adabal-a mention maybe a dozen different tribes in cyrodiil at the time of the alessian uprising . 
  apart from that , being the central and for long the most influential province , many people would have flogged to it . 
  in oblivion , widespread racism seems absent , so mixed relations are n't unthinkable . 
  it is n't that strange that they identified him with paris . 
  paris is named mostly alexandros in the illiad , and the name alexandros only has a reasonable etymology in greek ( as opposed to the languages of the hittite empire ) . 
  my absence will be lifted . 
  bask in my presence !, 
  also , congrats to ifw !, 
  after a week of entertaining some irish , half a week in my university 's town , and half a week of recovering , i think i will be able to keep some presence here . 
  yeah !, 
  as i mentioned , last week i have been at the introduction week of my new school-city ( which basically revolves around all associations and groups dealing with students introducing themselves and being pissed at 2 pm ) . 
  so not that much time , but now i have !, 
   what have you been doing lately ? 
  are there any big projects or things going on in your life that you are currently working on or have just completed ? 
  getting stuff figured out for when i start studying . 
  i think i just have to finalise two or three things now , so i 'm glad i 'm nearly done . 
  housing is currently still the biggest issue , but my home town is n't that far away from my university town . 
  also , i signed up for a sports and a student association , so maybe those guys know something . 
  the other stuff i either still have to wait for ( booklist ) , or i could do in a few minutes but am now postponing ( financing , public transport card ) . 
  i 'm not sure if there is a link , but i do n't know about it , anyway . 
  also , it is unclear if sheogorath actually influences madmen , beside making some and taking a liking to them . 
  anyway , we know that pelinal is n't insane due to sheo . 
  in the song of pelinal , he cries out to aka about their `` shared madness '' . 
  in aka 's case , this is due to his enantiomorphic relation to lorkhan . 
  pelinal is blessed by aka , as well as a shezzarine , so that might have something to do with it . 
  i do n't know enough about sheo 's origin story to help you on that end , but maybe this helps you a bit . 
  can canon really be something in a world that has always played with it ? 
  an example : the pocket guide to the empire , 1st edition . 
  the work describes the world of tamriel , and is sanctioned by the igs in universe . 
  the book was part of the collector 's edition of redguard . 
  now , in the book , an altmer scribe wrote commentary on the chapters , often calling bullshit on the igs . 
  who of these is right ? 
  the work is vital in the understanding of tamriel , but it can not be taken as is , simply because it contains two conflicting narrators ( igs and the altmer scribe ) , both of which have their own agenda . 
  another example : the end of morrowind 's main quest . 
  when the pc meets vivec , he offers them three reports of the battle of red mountain . 
  all these three are conflicting . 
  vivec never said which one is the real one , instead saying that the nerevarine can decide which one they believe . 
  these are just two examples of many more . 
  how can we treat things as absolute truth when the writers do n't either ? 
  besides , this makes for more interesting world-building and interpretation . 
  we can , as a community , decide which sources we take as true , while keeping in mind the others . 
  the only one i can think of is uesp ( especially their irc channel ) , but that does n't go that well , from what i heard . 
  o yeah , we are reading this , 
  because they are the gods of different forms of order . 
  anu is n't really a god , but more a force of nature . 
  anu is stasis . 
  you can call this order if you want to , but it is n't exactly the same . 
  jyggalag is the prince of a deterministic order . 
  everything follows fixed patterns , which can be calculated . 
  kind of like a professor in physics . 
  peryite on the other hand has a more ` chaotic ' form of order . 
  it is n't as organised as jyggy 's . 
  peryite makes sure creatures and daedra keep each other in check , without complete destruction or replacement ( natural order ) . 
  these are all forms of order , but they are different in detail , which is very important . 
  multiple kalpas happen in a dream . 
  a kalpa normally ends with alduin eating the world , resetting it to convention . 
  note that this is all after the forming of the aurbis . 
  the amaranth is something else entirely . 
  think of it as a dream within a dream . 
  the amaranth does n't necessarily mean the end of the world of the dreamer ( the amaranth in c0da is in the fifth era , while kinmune takes place in the ninth ) . 
  a new kalpa has at least the same beginning as every other : the death of lorkhan . 
  after that , things diverge , but mostly the same players are always involved . 
  a new dream has a complete blank slate to work from . 
  there are new players , and the old ones ( which are remembered by the amaranth ) are shaped into new beings . 
  anu , in the previous dream , was the brother of padomay , and killed him over a lover , but in the current dream , he is the primal form of stasis , with his brother being the primal form of change . 
  they get new meanings . 
  it is possible for multiple amaranths to exist in the same dream , but seeing how difficult it is to actually achieve chim , let alone amaranth , this is pretty unlikely . 
  ~ ~ [ do n't forget that the sharmat and the hortator are also involved ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:36_lessons_of_vivec,_sermon_11 ) ~ ~, 
  whoops , messed up the names . 
  carry on . 
   what do you guys like to study ? 
  ( except es lore , of course ), 
  i 'm going to start my study in old irish and middle welsh in a week and a half . 
  linguistics and history also seem fun . 
  that mofo always pops up at the weirdest times . 
  knowing the sermons by heart is a sure panty-dropper . 
  the problem here is that it is n't entirely clear how souls work with argonians . 
  the accepted theory is that the hist decide the ` genetic ' make-up of newly born argonians . 
  the dragonborn , of course , is not decided by these factors , but by their soul . 
  a dragon soul can find its way into an argonian , even around the influences of the hist . 
  we know the voice is n't restricted to the sapient races . 
  in the alduddagas , there is a reference to merry eyesore the elk , an elk who was also a greybeard . 
  technically it would be possible for a cute little rabbit to shout apart a forest , but that would n't make for a good prophecy ( unless we are going monty python ) . 
  depends a bit on what bow you use . 
  english longbows had definitely a bigger punch than most crossbows , as well as being easier to reload . 
  the drawback was that you needed a life-long training to properly use the thing , as well as huge muscle build ( you needed to be able to draw about 70-90 kg with one arm ) . 
  but yeah , generally , a crossbow would go faster and needed a longer reload than a bow . 
  the hist are some of the most powerful creatures on nirn . 
  they are of the same subgradiant as the et ` ada , and are capable of a lot . 
  still , though , it is unclear if they can influence souls . 
  alright then . 
  still , 80 kg is a lot , and definitly more than i would be able to draw . 
  i 'm not really sure if merry eyesore from the aldudagas was designed after kirkbride , but he did use that as his bgsf name after he lost his password for his original account .
