  forgot about those . 
  well , minus tge homeland then, 
  yes they descend from bretons ( or are breton , mostly ) , but i 'm talking about way before that , just after creation , when the ehlnofey decided to live on nirn . 
  yes , but that might be a reference to ysgramor returning ( he fled from atmora , met the elves , fled back to atmora , and went to skyrim with 500 companions ), 
  you are onto some interesting things here , but you really need to work on your writing style ( sorry if i start playing teacher here ) . 
  it is written very impulsive , it seems , which makes it sometimes hard to read . 
  you can look in the apocrypha , there are some interesting things regarding chim there, 
  from what i understood , each kalpa begins with lorkhan 's heart being ripped out by auri-el and trinimac . 
  so yes , the et ` ada are part of every kalpa . 
  i would n't say oldest daedra . 
  first off , he was n't daedra then , as he was not yet eaten by boethiah . 
  if i would point out a oldest daedra , i would say nocturnal , as she is the ur-dra . 
  always the same mistakes ... 
  i 'm getting tired of myself, 
  not all aedra and daedra are the exact same age , mind you . 
  malacath only became a daedra long after mundus was created , and it is possible that arkay did n't exist yet when mundus took shape . 
  i agree on trinimac , but i ca n't say anything reasonable about arkay . 
  some say he was a mortal once , some say the same thing as you . 
  honoustly , i do n't know what to believe, 
  gameplaywise ( might not be established lore ) , ebony can contain better enchantments , and is potent enough to contain a daedric soul . 
  furthermore , seeing the diffeculty and expanse of makig it , ebony is probably used as it is one of the highest quality of armour out there . 
  congrats to ushnad !, 
  it was an interesting post , and i 'm looking forward to seeing more of that . 
  question to all of you : what kind of music do you generally listen to ? 
  mostly grunge actually . 
  i really like nirvana and soundgarden , and have been listening to alice in chains a lot recently, 
  seems flippie has done something embaressing , i 'm interested, 
  4 bans ? 
  what kinda shit did they pull ? 
  i removed my last comment because i felt i was acting like an ass . 
  might have removed the first one as well , but i ca n't remember ( kind of a long night now ) . 
  meh , nothing exciting ... 
  too bad . 
  they 're really good . 
  i was at soundgarden last year at pinkpop ( a dutch music festival ) . 
  i made the mistake of standing right next to two of the amplifier towers . 
  needless to say , i could n't hear with my left ear for two days . 
  the plot thickens ... 
  been to france for a week ( normandy ) , with a group of friends . 
  it was fun , even though the hostel sucked ( complete silence after 9 , no alcohol , no good kitchen , etc. ) . 
  saw lots of interesting stuff , like the bayeux tapestry and the american memorial . 
  btw : how the hell did you find nice people in amsterdam ? 
  my experience is that they 're mostly self-absorbed jerks ( might be because they can hear i 'm from their rival city ) . 
   i wanted to but jane 's addiction was just that bad, 
  is that just you disliking them , or did they lose their shine ? 
  french horn ? 
  i actually never heard of that . 
  is that a type of trumpet , or am i saying stupid things ? 
  i could 've sworn i removed them myself ... 
  i need to sleep more i think, 
   so believing in a higher power might give you a little more will to live but it 's not worth it in the long run . 
  i would n't go as far as saying that this believe is harmful . 
  i agree with you that when you stop using vaccinations and/or medicines , you 're damaging not only yourself but also the people around you . 
  but it is important to note that most religious people are not fundamentalist , and ( especially in the west ) see no problem with vaccinations and medical drugs . 
  like i said earlier , i agree that those people are harmful ( the exact same debate is currently ongoing in my country ) . 
  all i 'm saying is that you ca n't use these groups as example for all forms of religion , as most people can still find a balance between faith and reason . 
  those groups seem to be big , just because they shout really , really loud . 
  an example of this : during every election in my country , the press is obsessed with two parties , ones a populist/extreme right party , and the other a fundamentalist christian group . 
  if you would believe everything you hear , they would be the most important parties out there , while in truth , they only have 18 seats combined ( of the 150 ) . 
  moral of the story : just because the small , fundamentalist groups make a lot of noise , does not mean they are indeed bigger than the more reasonable people , who keep their mouths shut . 
  from what i understood about american culture , the right to have your own believe is incredibly important . 
  these fundamentalist groups ( on both sides , mind you ) do n't care about this right , as they hold their believes as truths . 
  in short : most people ( reasonable religious/atheist ) still hold this right as very important , even if they are met with such aggressive groups . 
  i do agree that these groups are damaging to health and knowledge if they get their way . 
  i was thinking of it , but have n't found a place to fit it in . 
  still it is only a rumour that the hist and argonians had anything to do with it . 
  since the db is tamriel wide , i would say they have more numbers than the mt. 
  however , the mt has the benefit of being legal in morrowind , while the db is nowhere legal . 
  then again , i would n't think two organisations focused on stealth and silent assassination would get in an all out war with each other . 
  i could n't find any information of the hist using magicka to transport the souls back , so i took a safe bet with your conjencture . 
  yeah i have n't read the books . 
  either uesp is n't clear , or i misread the thing . 
  for as far as i know , there are no sources when the training starts . 
  but since training simple lizards wo n't do any good , it is either b or c. i 'll look into that . 
  edit : shadowscales are taken at birh and presented to the king of argonia . 
  i think it is safe to say they undergo their name day earlier than most argonians . 
  well , there is a guy walking around , killing dragons and devouring their souls , so ` believing ' might not be a problem . 
  however , i do not think they would support the dovakhiin , as he is a aspect of lorkhan , the et ` ada the altmer deaply hate . 
  from what i understood ( and i might be misquoting ) is that the dovakhiin is as much a shard of lorkhan as the dragons are shards of akatosh . 
  an old threat on here , from a couple weeks back at least . 
  as i said earlier , i might 've misundetstood . 
  he is indirectly mentioned as a daedric prince by sheogorath, 
   another daedric prince . 
  not a nice one . 
  i do n't think any of the other princes like him , actually . 
  i mean , malacath is more popular at parties . 
  and malacath is not popular at parties . 
  of course this is indirect , and sheogorath does have a few marbles rolling around up there . 
  according to uesp , the left-handed elves were driven to extinction after the yokudans prosecuted them ( even the hoonding got involved ) , and yokuda blew up . 
  it says nothing about assimilation , but then again , not that much known about other races on yokuda besides the lefthanded elves and the yokudans . 
  i have to admit : that 's a pretty lousy answer from someone writing a encyclopaedia on races ... 
  first off , you are right that auri-el and akatosh are not the same being , just like any other time-god with a similair name . 
  they are , however , all part of the same overspirit ( aka ) . 
  alduin , just like all dragons , is a shard of aka . 
  as he was the first , he was called akatosh ' son by some . 
  he himself made the nords believe that he was akatosh himself ( it kinda went to his head ) . 
  alduin 's name means ` destroyer-devourer-master ' , in reference to his role as world-eater . 
  really ? 
  i recall something vague from oblivion ( have n't played that game in years ) that alduin was the nord version of akatosh ( although that might have either been imperial ignorance , or was later retconned by bethesda . 
  or i 'm remembering it wrong ) .
