  if alduin would have had more time , then they would likely travel to the other provinces as well . 
  first of , i admit i have n't looked into all the dragon cult sources , but i think i 'm save to state something, 
  the dragons ruled ` all of mundus ' as a symbol ( in the same way the romans still ` rule ' us ) . 
  they were the symbol of the nords , imperials , amd tsaeci , which were three of the most influental forces in the history of tamriel . 
  along with this , they are shards of aka , whose aspects are ( in most cases ) the chief deities of the various religions that dot nirn . 
  to sum it up : the dragons were mostly a symbol , and by this , they were the rulers of mundus . 
  high rock was involved in the great war , under the banner of the empire . 
  after the war , like you mentioned , the bretons stayed with the empire , and are still part of it up until at least the events of skyrim . 
  as to why : i figure the bretons can find some way to gain from it , be it in power , or in money . 
  they are shrewd like that . 
  firstly , the fact that the guy contacting the db was breton means nothing , as he could have acted out of personal reasons , or whatever . 
  people do n't have to always act out of racial background . 
  secondly , what dragon break ? 
  thirdly , why would high rock fall into chaos ? 
  the bretons have proofen that they can fend for themselves , and they have n't been effectively governed by the empire in 200 years . 
  nirn does not reside in our known universe , but , like already pointed out , a dream of the godhead . 
  within this dream , nirn is part of mundus ( nirn , masser , and secunda ) . 
  mundus is the hub of the metaphysical wheel . 
  this wheel is in the heart of the dream . 
  from the hub , eight spokes spring , representing the eight aedra , with one spoke missing ( lorkhan ) . 
  the sixteen gaps between the spokes represent the 16 daedric princes . 
  around this wheel is aetherius , the realm of magic , and home to magnus and his followers , the magna-ge . 
  around this is the void . 
  edit : forgot one thing . 
  through the hub goes the dreamsleeve , which is where souls go when they die ( except for those that are property of a daedric prince , as with werewolves , for instance ) . 
  i 'd asume so . 
  lorkhan is missing because he is dead . 
  at convention ( the same event that made time linear ) trinimac tore out his heart , and auri-el fired it of to tamriel , creating red mountain in the process . 
  these are the things you generally do not find in a skyrim playthrough . 
  if you want to study the lore of the elder scrolls , i advise you to look up the out og game text on til and the bethesda forum , read the threads on this subreddit ( the apocrypha can be found in the sidebar , and has a lot of good written articles on the lore ) , and pick up morrowind . 
  it is an older game , and can be a bit hard to get into , but it was definitly the lore-heaviest game in the series , and definitly worth the few bucks it costs nowadays . 
  gongrats to myrrlyn . 
  it was great to see those ideas take shape !, 
  to the new scholars : very simple questions are fine , just as long as they are n't dis ussed in the faq . 
  the problem is , that if we answer the same questions every week , there wo n't be any discussion . 
  anyway , my weeks been grant . 
  had autumn break , had two parties of good mates of mine , and on friday i went to a concert of my favourite band ( de staat ) . 
  great week altogether , even though i had been quiet ( for my standard ) on here . 
  you should never try to pull everything back to the real world . 
  that makes it hard to look at the details ( because there are always many unique details ) . 
  yes , skooma does appear to be similair to crack , but it still is n't crack cocaine , it 's skooma . 
  to my knowledge , varieties of faith is the only source . 
  it still does not explain how they view him . 
  there is surprisingly little to be found surrounding bretons . 
  it could be derived from a sort of ancestor worship of the aldmer , and brought to high rock via the direnni . 
  we do know that breton religion has had aldmeri influences in the past ( sheor 's role for instance ) . 
  nothing ... some people started celebrating it a couple years back , but it 's never big . 
  we just do n't do anything special around this time . 
   auriel is a man or eagle that would like to see his followers destroy it and follow him to immortality . 
  auri-el is the god credited with creating time , which he did at convention , the moment which also saw lorkhan 's death , and auri-els asscension . 
  akatosh embodies time itself , not its start or its end . 
   is akatosh really schizophrenic god , just like mk suggested . 
  yes , he is . 
  he became this after the marukhati dragon breal ( middle dawn ) . 
  they pulled the elven aspects out of akatosh , and merged him with an aspect of lorkhan ( there is n't an agreement if this is lorkhan himself , shezzar , or shor ( aspects of him ) ) . 
  this made akatosh and lorkhan enantiomorphs , which means that they are n't the same , but are intricitly linked together , and are dependent on each other . 
  myrrlyn is writing something about this , so you 'll have to wait for all of the information . 
  as you might have picked-up already , the aurbis is music . 
  the towers are the maestro 's , red mountain the drums , and ada-mantia the conductor . 
  the marukhati selctive followed the walking ways to become gods . 
  one of these ways is to `` walk like them , until they walk like you '' . 
  to `` walk '' like music , is to dance . 
  the marukhati selctive danced like the time god , until he moved like them , and by messing with time , one creates a dragon break . 
  during this dragon break , the selctive changed their movement , forcing akatosh into what they wanted him to be . 
  this way akatosh became the akatosh he is now . 
  honestly , this is one of the most important events in the tes universe , i would n't discard it that fast . 
  just you wait until he does that with his muatra . 
  it is impressive, 
  almsiviwtf, 
  atmora still exists , but it is frozen . 
  iirc there are still some giants left there . 
  for as far as we know , it is the only landmass to the north of tamriel , but there are others in other cardial directions . 
  there is akavir to the east , with a bunch of races living there , including the tsaeci . 
  to thes south are thras ( homeland of the sload , and sunken by the empire ) and pyandonea ( home of the maormer , and still unreachable and unleavable , because of a curse from the psijics ) . 
  to the west was yokuda , but that got blown up . 
  edit : spelling ( had been a long night ), 
  i do n't see why atmora would be the man-equivalent of aldmeris . 
  aldmeris is of course the ~ ~ personiffication ~ ~ symbolisation of the unified aldmer . 
  the races of men have never been unified , and i feel that atmora is a strictly nord thing . 
  while the imperials and bretons tend to see it as their homeground , with all that igs `` nedes-from-atmora '' bullshit , the redguards certainly do n't care about it . 
  true , i can see the points you 're making . 
  still , i think it is stated somewhere that tiber septim and vivec visited atmora ( that could still be a metaphor though ) . 
  akatosh might not be the best example of mythopoeia , seeing the amount of fucking around the marukhati selective did with him . 
  but yes , aedra ( not daedra ) are shaped by their believers . 
  this is why aka-tusk has many different aspects ( tosh raka , akatosh , auri-el , alduin , alkosh ) all throughout nirn . 
  symbolisation would 've been more adequate . 
  should 've put it between quotation marks , though, 
  the difference is that their altering power came from them mantling akatosh , and not from changing the worship of him en masse . 
  sure , they used mortal power to change akatosh , but it is n't the classical way of mythopoeia . 
  after the thrassian plague , the empire retaliated with the all flags navy , which was a united tamrielic fleet ( tamriel was n't united yet ) . 
  the sloads survived , though . 
  they 're amphibious . 
  there are a few things that you should take into consideration here . 
  firstly : the empire was a complete mess . 
  after the oblivion crisis , argonia , the summerset isles , valenwood , and elsweyr split from the empire , and morrowind was virtually destroyed ( and definitely not in any state to rally troops ) . 
  with the loss of these provinces , the morale and resources of the empire dropped severely . 
  what is then left of the empire ? 
  we have , of course , cyrodiil , the core of the empire , but just one province . 
  there is skyrim , who has always been a strong ally . 
  we have hammerfell , who has its own problems , with the forebears , crowns and lhutonics fighting their own war ( not necessarily violent , but enough tensions to make a stable society impossible , mostly because of the class and hierarchical differences in the various groups ) .
