  others say that yokuda is the past , but in this kalpa and this dream . 
  it is stuck in its own past , and still exists there , but not anymore on tamriel ( which is the present ) . 
  this makes it possible , albeit pretty hard to defend . 
  others reject the time theory completely , which might make the dreugh changed and fled left-handies , or something else entirely . 
  of course . 
  `` absence of proof is n't proof of absence '' . 
  the question did relate to the left-handed elves , though . 
  the greybeards have a life-time experience with shouts , and we know from sources that those could be used to do all sort of combat-oriented things . 
  the ldb , although incredibly talented and having a natural affinity to both shouting and the dragon language , is a newcomer when it comes to the ways of the voice . 
  if they were to meet head-on , there is no doubt that the greybeards would be able to shout apart the inexperienced dragonborn . 
  on the other hand , like flippers said , physical violence is physical violence , and the greybeards are very old men . 
  the ldb would probably have enough with pushing them down a small staircase if they are unprepared . 
  the last time i went on a contest with someone on the sub ( ifw with most thread-counts ) , i got proverbly curb-stomped . 
  i do not plan on letting that happen again . 
  at the time i was sure i stood a chance , though . 
  i 'm like the dutch football team . 
  always top , but chocking at the last moment :p, 
  also , a fucking elk was a greybeard once , no joke, 
   it was just men from atmora and yokuda . 
  it is funny you mention this . 
  in the lore communities ( these are an actual thing , no joke ) it is now commonly accepted that the atmorans and yokudans were independent from the nedes ( who became imperial and breton ) . 
  it is not directly stated in game , iirc , but the misconception comes from the pocket guide to the empire , which is now thought to be propaganda by the empire . 
  ( [ these guys touch on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2s23yp5kja ) ), 
   ... it 's entirely possible i know way more about tes lore than i really should . 
  [ one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  the strength of the ldb ( or any other pc ) for immersion and the whole c0da concept is that they are completely unknown other than their feats in the main quest line . 
  nerevar , when killed by the tribunal , got his feet cut off , so he might walk any path , his face cut off , so that he might appear in any form , and his genitals disfigured , so he might be of any gender . 
  this meant that the nerevarine could be anyone . 
  the same idea applies to the ldb , the coc , the agent , or the eternal champion . 
  the ldb could be a nord berserker , or a khajiit thief , or anything you want them to be . 
  they can be mentally retarded , or incredibly bright . 
  they can be uninterested in the metaphysics , or very . 
  the ldb can have chim if he happened to stumble on the lessons or the commentaries ( or if he intercepted some dream-encrypted memospore transmission , if you want that ) , and learn of the concept , making him experiment with it . 
  also , the aedra did not achieve chim . 
  they got their divine abilities from retaining their original force as et ` ada , much like the daedra or magna-ge . 
  there are many ways to achieve godhood , and chim made it easier for tiber and vehk to become talos and vivec ( or create those ) . 
  mannimarco and sotha sil are also gods , but not by means of chim . 
  the aedra ca n't know chim because they are infinite . 
  limit is very important in the concept , so lorkhan made mundus so that there were spirits that knew limit , thus being able to fully grasp infinity ( you need context to know things ) . 
  chim is fuelled by love ( capital letter ) . 
  tiber could n't simply wish away the jungle because he did n't like it , or wanted some new scenery . 
  then it would n't be fuelled by love . 
  he did it because he loved his legions , who hated the jungle . 
  an important part of chim is understanding the world in its entirety . 
  this means both points of view . 
  tiber is a imperial/breton/whatever-the-fuck - kind-of-man , so you would assume he is against these anti-man points of view . 
  still , he did understand them , and their mythical and metaphysical implications . 
  he understands that some things are necessary , and in this case , the destruction of men is one of the things that lead to the birth of the amaranth , which creates a new dream ( and is the end goal of lorkhan 's mundus ) . 
  that does not mean that this applies to every possible scenario . 
  tiber and vivec were right up against each other when it came to the incorporation of morrowind into the empire . 
  eventually it was settled with a treaty ( opposed to conquest ) , but that would n't be the case when any other party took their places . 
  also : ask away , i 'm happy to help . 
  oh god . 
  i do n't know any first source . 
  it is probably touched on in the lessons ( but try to get clear answerd from that ) . 
  the commentaries are a good second , but i 'm not sure its touched upon . 
  the loveletters are a preview to c0da , which heavily deal with the subject , but it is older than that . 
  because it is the destiny of the dream of the godhead , and the only existence they know . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/fight-four-tenpenny-winteragain%e2%80%9d ), 
  he is mentioned in the part of the second `` god-guisser '' . 
  his name also appears in one of the naming lists of `` the five hundred mighty companions or thereabout of ysgramor the returned '' . 
  that depends on who you ask , sorry to say . 
  the imperial library either takes works from the games , from past and present developers , or very well researched sources . 
  this text was written by michael kirkbride , who was a developer on redguard , morrowind , and knights of the nine , and has held contact with much of the development staff in the years . 
  he was responsible for the 36 lessons and the song of pelinal , as well as many texts in the community ( some of which are hinted at , or refered to in game ) . 
  now , most of the lore communities will argue that canon is subjective , and that any well enough defended or researched theory is valid , in-game or otherwise , but i wo n't bother you or this subreddit with this information . 
  is it canon according to uesp ? 
  they only take sources from inside the games . 
  is it canon to much of the lore communities ? 
  yes , but see my earlier point . 
  is it canon to bethesda ? 
  who knows ? 
  they have been quiet when it comes to lore discussions , and have , at multiple times hinted at a more subjective interpretation ( as with the commentaries featured in the first edition of the pocket guide to the empire , or vivec asking the nerevarine which record of the battle of red mountain he believes ) , and they have steared clear of the subjects touched in mk 's ( or any other developer , for that matter ) work , or hinted at it . 
  this might seem like bitching about nothing to most , but , at least at / r/teslore ( check it out , seriously ) this has caused some debate , if not outright conflict , so i 'm trying to put this down as neutral as possible . 
  i disagree . 
  being a puny mortal is exactly what you need to achieve chim . 
  it means you can understand limits , and with that understand infinity . 
  why would an infinte being know what limits are , which did not exist when it became sentient ? 
  only a mortal , who knows the gods well , can understand their infinty , in regard to his limits . 
  this is chim ; duality in all , be it limits and infinity , is and is not , or male and female . 
  opposing or opposed forces . 
  also , look at vivec and tiber . 
  who were these people ? 
  a low manwhore and a guy who did n't know his heritage and needed others appear strong . 
  neither of them enjoyed easy living . 
  they were of the lowest subgradient . 
  they were in a position to see everything above them , which was everything else , and fully grasp what it all meant . 
  they managed to achieve it . 
  lastly , saying they achieved apotheosis before or after chim is pointless , as they bith fucked with time , creating a mortal and a divine form . 
  if i were to guess , chim came before , as it made apotheosis easier . 
  orc\u00ed is drawn from the gods . 
  orc\u00ed is based more or less on sheor , although the more positive side of the lorkhan deities are portrayed in l\u00e9ech . 
  hundreds of years of being the playing ball of other empires will mess with your pantheon . 
  if that mouth is part of the sphere , there is no problem . 
  `` walk like them untill they walk like you '' . 
  if at all . 
  i 've never heard a septim claiming direct lineage from alessia . 
  hell , i 'm not even sure if the first empire had parent-child succesion . 
  you can achieve godhood by three means , if i are n't forgetting one .
