  this might br just a joke , and i 'm not saying eatereggs should be considered lore , but it is still interesting . 
  i do n't mind . 
  we 've got enough mead and brandy to kill of a average-sized petting-zoo . 
  better to be a alcoholic than a drugy !, 
  i 'm a great example for the youth . 
  not up here in the north , it is n't . 
  it 's the drink of gods !, 
  it 's invigourating and it kindles power . 
  it 's natures way of saying : `` you think you 're strong ? 
  taste this . '', 
  ^ i ^ might ^ have ^ a ^ problem, 
  but nords are uberrace cuz there strong and have axes and elves are just lot ripoff i dont understand why they made books of it even hitler said nords were awesome, 
  i normally burn down things to feel joy , among other even more morally questionable things ... 
  i 've said too much ... 
  you know too much ... 
   i do n't think i 've ever commented on one of these before but i 'll give it a shot . 
  you just got yourself in some dark hole , son . 
  like already said , some shrines have healers , and there are of course the potion sellers ( if you count alchemy as a branch of magic ) . 
  along with this , some mages sell spells . 
  the mages guild in morrowind had some mages working a teleportation service throughout vvardenfell . 
  i can imagine some mages being employed as some form of handyman , but i do n't know if that stated anywhere . 
  most mages are more interested in focusing on their own research , and as such are being supported by organisations as the mages guild , the college of winterhold , and the synod . 
  o , first you were an orc , and know you are a nord . 
  what kind of sick shape shifting monster are you , exactly ? 
  nord-orc sex sounds frightening, 
  i really liked those posts !, 
  so i spent my entire free sunday helping my neighbours . 
  the weather sucks here in the netherlands , and their garden flooded because of the rain . 
  it was so bad that we had to try and scoop all the water out for about three hours , otherwise their house would flood . 
  not really my idea of a free sunday ... 
  damn , a year is a long time . 
  i only found this subreddit two/three months ago ... 
  anyway , you should definitely join in the discussions . 
  it is quite fun , and you 'll learn a huge amount from it . 
  nobody understand the sermons and ( most ) mk texts . 
  i 'm still convinced he 's on some hallucinogenic or veterinary tranquillizer or such . 
  i think the only important thing for a dragonborn emperor would be to be the rightful emperor . 
  i highly doubt alessia , the remans , and the septims to be related . 
  i 've actually been wondering : how many non-native english speakers are actually on this subreddit . 
  i am native dutch , and i think there are more non-natives here . 
  i do n't really like this thought ... 
  well , the ingredients are magical , to some extent , but ( for as far as i know ) there is no magical skill from the alchemist involved . 
  * gives face of panic and disgust *, 
  ^ i 'm ^ scared, 
  i always interpreted it that the morag tong were seen as a necessity within dunmeri culture . 
  they were n't exactly loved , but they did n't have to be , they just had to do their job . 
  i can imagine redoran having problems with the morag tong . 
  the redoran have always had more with honour . 
  along with this , the morag tong held very close ties to house hlaalu , who had been kicked out of the council after the red year . 
  since the redoran see themselves as the defenders of dunmer culture , they would probably see hlaalu as betrayers , and , as a result , the morag tong as well . 
  somewhere i 'm aroused , somewhere else i 'm terrified, 
   all the people you see in this thread speaking extensively about dunmer history and culture have probably dumped hundreds of hours into morrowind, 
  i feel you , man . 
  i played the game so much i actually burned through two discs . 
  yup , and aetherius is the realm of magnus , the god of magic . 
  as a result , all light is pure magic . 
  really now ? 
  and why do you prefer english ? 
  i normally prefer my own language ( to an extend that i actually punched someone for replacing a dutch word with an english one ) . 
  i always thought the dunmer were able to keep the empire at bay . 
  that is why they were n't conquered , but signed a treaty , giving them the freedom to make their own laws . 
  well , english is actually quite a messy language , due to the fact that england up until the hundred year war was bassicaly europes bitch . 
  there are anglian/saxon/frisian influences , some latin , very few celtic , and a lot of french . 
  the spelling is absurd , and it does have a very simple grammar actually ( what language does n't have a second person plural ! ) . 
  but i can imagine why hebrew would feel artificial . 
  it had been dead for a long time of course . 
  we are now stumbling into a sort of paradox thinking . 
  let 's see if we can make something out . 
  iirc vivec admitted to having unknown knowledge in the sermons . 
  i can imagine that he would also be aware of people who zero-summed . 
  of course he wo n't talk about them , knowing the dangers that knowledge might bring . 
  the only thing left by anyone who zero-summed was a piece of sheet music . 
  performing it caused the entire orchestra to dissappear . 
  of course , someone who achieved chim would be able to judge the dangers of the knowledge he holds . 
  i understood french is easy for most people as well . 
  problem is though , that the phonetics , rythm , and grammar are so strange to germanic language speakers , that i noticed nothing of this suppossed easiness . 
  next kalpa confirmed . 
  actually , spelling/pronunciation and conjugation are very regular , but since almost all germanic languages pronounce all letters in a word , and generally do n't have words end on vowels , it can come of as strange and alien . 
  after six years of high school french , i 'm finally getting the hang of it . 
  it depends . 
  we have four different levels of high school . 
  the lowest is praktijk ( practical ) which is mostly for children with learning difficulties . 
  it lasts six years , but it also contains job education . 
  most of them become woodworkers or welders and such . 
  above that is vmbo ( voorbereidend middelbaar beroeps onderwijs , preparing average/middle job education ) which lasts four years . 
  after those four years you can start mbo ( middelbaar beroeps onderwijs ) , a sort of lower level college . 
  think of more complicated technical jobs ( mechanics ) and lower it level . 
  vmbo is devided in four levels , but i do n't know the nuances . 
  the next level is havo ( hoger algemeen vorbereidend onderwijs , higher common preparing education ) , which lasts five years . 
  after that comes hbo ( hoger beroeps onderwijs , higher job education ) . 
  this is the average level , and most people who finish this will become managers , it specialists and nurses . 
  the highest level is vwo ( voorbereiden wetenschappelijk onderwijs , preparing scientific education ) , which takes six years . 
  it is divided in two different sorts , even though the level is n't different , atheneum and gymnasium , the difference being that gymnasium has obligatory courses in latin and classical greek . 
  another difference is that some gymnasia are still independent ( not coupled with other levels of education ) and have been for centuries , creating a distinct culture . 
  these are called catagoriale gymnasia , and i 'm on one of those . 
  after vwo comes university . 
  did i already mention that all of this is free ? 
  i love the welfare state !, 
  the problem i have now is that i do n't exactly know what kind of effect this knowledge might have on a chim-achiever . 
  we see that they can handle the realisation that they are nothing more than a dream .
