  that was all tiber septim . 
  talos is the god of man , mantler of lorkhan . 
  they are different , and do n't forget that . 
  also , reman is mentioned in the song of pelinal , which was written way before his birth , most likely ( it was transcribed from older manuscripts in the early second era , but the myth is obviously much older than that ) . 
  reman is everything except a common king . 
  being the product of a man and a hill is n't that strange in comparison . 
  honoustly , you are either completely missing the point , or you are so desperatly holding on to your theory that you are willingly throwing away arguements . 
  i 'm not picky here . 
  you are making a hell of a mistake in saying that these characters are the same man . 
  tiber is a mix of three , and chim ( which is founded on duality ) fucked it up even more . 
  saying they are all the same is like saying the tribunal is one person . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  still , the two most known , and for long the most important , athens and sparta , were in favour of homosexual relations . 
  for the athenians , sexuality was n't divined as what gender you felt attraction to . 
  instead , it was about who was penetrating and who was penetrated . 
  it was normal for pubescent boys to have sexual relations with older men , who would teach them about their trade or the politics of the polis . 
  a sexual relation between two adult men was seen as weird , because it meant that one was on the bottom , and thus the lesser of the other . 
  in sparta , homosexual relations were encouraged under the soldiers . 
  they reasoned that , when they love each other to such an extend , they would fight harder in wars . 
  i do n't know how age and position factor into it , but it is n't that far-fetched they had the same sentiments about it as the athenians . 
  black flags ? 
  i guess there is some rendering problem then . 
  maybe google it or check up with / u/myrrlyn ( he makes the make-up of the page ) . 
  those flags have different representations on them ( also : you can select some of them for your own on the sidebar , if you 'd like ) . 
  the problem here is that there is n't much known about the sexual mores of the different races . 
  i can imagine the imperials and bosmer having more liberal views towards sexuality than the other races , as they are more liberal in general . 
  in both cases it should be seen more as indifference than tolerance . 
  from the game daggerfall , we know about pre-arranged marriage in the nobility . 
  since offspring is key in those marriages , homosexual marriages would be not-done . 
  if there is a stigma on non-marital same-sex relations , i can not say . 
  the dunmer culture knows rules against at least oral and anal sex . 
  while these types are more common in male-homosexual relations , it does n't outright say that a same-sex affair is forbidden ( a lot of homosexual relations do n't revolve around sex , of course ) . 
  the sanguine cult would probably have no problem with homosexuality , although they might have with commitment . 
  and here we get the conflicting sources part . 
  while most here have accepted this source ( including me ) , the altmeri epic `` topal the pilot '' mentions that topal ( who was aldmer ) saw `` cat-demons '' in the general area of elsweyr . 
  the altmer seem to have a different opinion on this . 
  the same as with the creation myth of the bosmer . 
  the words of clan mother ahnissi mention them as being created by y' ffre , but the monomyth ( which supposedly comes from the temple zero society ) mentions that the altmer think they were changed by interbreeding with men . 
  still , the altmer are n't known for their nuanced world-view , and i 'd rather believe a khajiit about the history of their own kind ( although they do lie a lot ) . 
  that 's what `` more common '' refers to :p, 
  all life originated from the ehlnofey . 
  these were et ` ada who did take part in creation , and were weakened enough to not die , but lose their divinity , forcing them to keep alive through reproduction . 
  the ehlnofey split in two main groups : sentient and non-sentient life . 
  the sentient livesplit further into two other groups : the old ehlnofey ( ancestors of the bosmer , altmer , dunmer , orcs , and khajiit ) , and the wanderers ( ancestors of men ) . 
  the argonians are tree lizards made sentient by the hist , who fall outside of the normal spectrum of life . 
  the old ehlnofey and the wanderers split due to ideological differences . 
  the elves further changed mostly due to divine interference . 
  the altmer mostly regained their aldmer appearance , the bosmer were changed by y' ffre , the khajiit by azura , the chimer were cursed by azura , changing them into dunmer , and the orcs changed due to malacath 's transformation . 
  the races of men changed mostly without divine influence . 
  the wanderers split into three main groups : the nedes of tamriel , the atmorans , and the yokudans ( there were more races , but they mostly interbred or were wiped out ) . 
  the nedes changed into thebretons with elven blood , and imperials . 
  it is unknown how much elven blood the latter have , but it is less than with tthe bretons . 
  from a real life anthropological point of view , it is n't that strange . 
  the song of pelinal ( as the name implies ) is originally oral . 
  sometimes , for the sake of clearness and fluency , characters get jointed together , or are scraped out entirely . 
  sometimes , characters are confused . 
  a good example of this is in the irish epic * t\u00e1in b\u00f3 c\u00faailnge * ( the cattle raid of cooley ) . 
  the story focuses on a war between what would be modern day connacht and ulster ( roughly ) . 
  a prominent group are the ulster exiles , who have found shelter with the forces of connacht , and are ( albeit hesitant ) fighting their fellow ulstermen . 
  there are two characters of note , which most likely either got confused or conjoint : cormac conn longas ( literally : cormac , head of the exiled ) and fergus mac roich , the former king of ulster . 
  both are described as the leader of the exiles , and , even though cormac is actually named as such , fergus is their leader throughout most of the story . 
  the same might have happened with feats of other heroes in the alessian uprising . 
  their deeds got mixed up with those of pelinal , and he was the character that survived . 
  now , here comes the rule `` boring and therefore wrong '' . 
  this is n't that an interesting explanation , so the tsaeci thing is a pretty good contender . 
  i 'm not the best one to call that batw . 
  i can orgasm from old manuscripts and folklore , so i for one think those removed characters are cool . 
  but i do n't know how most people think about those . 
  still , it leaves a lot of room for who those other heroes might be , what they did , and to what god they were allied . 
  it is interesting he mentions shor . 
  when the nordic allies of alessia mentioned him as shor reincarnate in the song , he supposedly spat at their feet . 
  [ not quite . 
  ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ), 
  well , you 're free in believing what you want , but the imperials are notoriously bad when it comes to anthropology . 
  i 'd rather believe a khajiit when it comes to their own kind . 
  yes . 
  they left their home turf ( or returned to tamriel , depending on who you ask ) , and developed there , eother genetically or culturally . 
  yeah , and so have the orsimer , dunmer , bosmer , and altmer . 
  names do n't mean that much in this case . 
  the problem here , is that the tsaeci might be important . 
  it is possible the men of akavir were just another tribe of wanderers , but they do n't have to be . 
  there are theories floating around ( to which i will only point now , in the hope someone else can comment on them ) that tsaeci are vampiric in the traditional sense , but that they are either shapeshifters ( adapting rapidly ) , or parasidical ( like thos funghi that control ants , but then on people ) . 
  the men of akavir could 've been tamrielic , but ` possessed ' by the tsaeci . 
  now these are currently theories , so take them with a grain of salt . 
  also , i do n't know enough about the tsaeci to help you on this more . 
  i do n't think there is anything known about cells . 
  we know not all laws of physics work the same . 
  still , some do , and we know mundus knows some form of atom ( judging by the sinking of yokuda and the effects of the pankratosword ) . 
  cells might not be that far-fetched . 
  still , believe is always a strong factor in tes , so i instantly believe the dreugh story . 
  this . 
  i think they treated it well in fallout : new vegas with arcade gannon . 
  the guy was gay , but it was n't a defining trait . 
  he was a whizkid that knew when someone deserved a bullet to the head , and he had a whole family history he rather kept hidden for political reasons . 
  and he was homosexual . 
  i think oral sex is prohibited in sermon 14 ( with the whole molag bal orgy thing ) . 
  given , it is n't the clearest sermon , even relatively . 
  the yokudan creation myth features many worlds that collapsed before the current mundus . 
  i do n't know if this refers to kalpas or to different worlds altogether . 
  the et ` ada existed during this process , though .
