  the old ehlnofey , who became the aldmer , nost likely stayed on the summerset isles ( aldmeris is a myth ) . 
  the other group , the wanderers , roamed tamriel , and some of them left . 
  the nedes stayed , the proto-yokudans and proto-atmorans left . 
  the towers are structures ( like ada-mantia and white-gold tower ) or natural structures ( red mountain and ( likely ) throat of the world ) . 
  they all contain a mythical artefact ( exception being ada-mantia , which has an event ( convention ) as stone ) . 
  all these stones seem to be somehow tied to lorkhan ( convention , his death , for ada-mantia , his heart for red mountain , the mantella which contains the sould of three shezzarines for numidium , and thr amulet of kings ( which was rumoured to be the heart of pelinal , a shezzarine ) for white-gold ) . 
  these towers get their power from their stones , and they uphold mundus . 
  without the towers , mundus will fade into oblivion , and every trace will be removed . 
  i advise ou to search for the nu-mantia intercept on til . 
  it was the initial source for the theory . 
  some cities have public wi-fi . 
  if it is released like the previews , you could download it and check it back in your hotel room/tent . 
  the ayleids seemed to have been aware of the wheel . 
  some of the ruins seem to have had some form of circular building-plans on the surface , much like the imperial-city , only smaller, 
   he was relatively imperalized, 
  the thalmor had always had resistance in the summerset isles . 
  the altmer culture is incredibly hierarchical . 
  this never caused problems , but the freedom in the imperial culture was one that was and is very attractive , especially to the younger generations . 
  the thalmor rule through power , not through consent . 
  sounds like an excuse for an open relationship . 
  gongrats to jaridase !, 
  starting from today i 'll be away for about two weeks with little to no time for the subreddit . 
  so the olympics started and it started of good for us . 
  the netherlands won gold , silver and bronze at the men 's 5km speedskating . 
  anyway , good weak to all of ya . 
  that shard every dragon has is not from akatosh . 
  aka is the oversoul of all the time-gods . 
  with creation and convention he was shattered and broken , and his shards became the time gods ( including alduin ) , and the dragons . 
  these bigger shards ( the gods ) came to be worshipped in a certain way , and due to mythopoeia , they became the current time gods ( akatosh is an exception herein due to the middle dawn , but that is a different story ) . 
  alduin is not the first born of akatosh . 
  being on of the few gods to normally always manifest himself on nirn , he was automatically tied to the best known time-dragon , akatosh . 
  with his power of the dragon cupt getting to his head , he proclaimed himself the first-born of akatosh . 
  he was created ` at the same time ' ( if that means anything ) as the dragons or time-gods . 
  vivec does see himself as a sort of midway between sotha sil and almalexia . 
  he is their ` child ' and both their genders . 
  he has both ayem 's extrovertness and seht 's introvertness . 
  it is not so strange that he would also attribute his spheres to the other two of the tribunal . 
  how would the other races become less like the ehlnofey ? 
  with all mortals being descendent of them , i see no way any non-ehlnofey traits would come in . 
  ( exception being the argonians , but i 'm not sure if they can even breed with the other races ), 
  my favourite albums would be :, 
  * either ` i_con ' or ` machinery ' by de staat, 
  * ` in utero ' by nirvana, 
  * ` the kyteman orchestra ' by the kyteman orchestra, 
  i 'm back bitches !, 
  after a two week absence , i 'm finaly back again . 
  i celebrated with finaly checking up with c0da , and it 's still not really sinking in . 
  apart from c0da , did i miss anything else ? 
  well , i 'm not sure if i hate to have missed the drama . 
  it 's normally less fun when you 're part of it . 
  but i 'm still all ear/eye . 
  i did see something in the previous comunnity thread about new rules and canonicity discussions . 
  i guess the was a way to cool things of . 
  wait , wait !, 
  the numidium was n't the only tower in c0da . 
  talos ( or tal ( os ) ) was also still around . 
  remember that with only one tower left , mundus would collapse . 
  with numidium gone , the amaranth was necessairy . 
  o yes , nirn did collapse , but mundus is more than just nirn . 
  masser and secunda were still ( more or less ) intact , and the aedra were also still around ( at least kyne and akatosh ) . 
  mundus was at the brink of going under , but yet it still existed . 
  the only two towers left were barely enough to keep things going . 
   two metaphorical caves, 
  you mean jung 's cave and plato 's cave ? 
  those two have been thrown around a bit . 
  to expand on my previous comment , a brief explanation of the two ` caves ' . 
  jung 's cave is something i 'm not very familiar with , and i think myrrlyn can explain it better , but anyway :, 
  imagine a cave , isolated from the outside . 
  the teacher is trying to build something , and by doing that he makes notes on the cave walls . 
  eventually , the whole cave is covered with scrabbles and drawings of what the teacher is trying to achieve . 
  eventually he finds the answer he is looking for , builds his contraption , and escapes the cave . 
  his pupils take note , and they try to escape the cave as well . 
  instead of looking at the entire thought process , they only look at the final drawing , recreating the machine , but failing at leaving . 
  the idea is , that the stone of snow-throat is not a physical object , but a concept . 
  the elves saw auri-el 's escape , and tried to recreate it with their own towers . 
  not analysing the exact structure and auri-el 's escape , they create a ` false ' tower , which does not make them escape , but further anchors mundus . 
  plato 's cave would point towards a different stone . 
  try to think of a cave . 
  we have an entrance , and a group of prisoners chained down , with their backs against the entrance . 
  their legs and heads are chained , so that they can not move around , or look at each other ( or behind them ) . 
  above the entrance is a big fire , in front of which is a walkway . 
  over this walkway , people cross , holding shapes and objects just slightly above the boarding . 
  the prisoners see the shadows these objects cast upon the wall in front of them . 
  they discuss the shapes , give them names , and tie the sounds coming from outside to the shadows . 
  this is the world they know , and the only thing they can imagine . 
  one day , one of the prisoners is freed , and dragged out . 
  first he sees the fire , and knows that his world was just an illusion . 
  when he comes up the stairs , he is blinded by the light of the sun . 
  initially he will look at the shadows again , than at the reflections in the water , than the night sky . 
  eventually he will be able to see the true forms of the objects he witnessed in the cave , and , after more training and trying , he will be able to look at the sun , which is a symbol of truth ( or , more precisely , virtue ) . 
  he returns to the cave , but instead of being believed by his fellow prisoners , he is beaten to death ( an allusion to socrates ' live ), 
  as you understand , the sun is the highest possible witnissable in the story . 
  i take it that the same might apply to the stone of snow-throat ( the thing at the end of the ` cave ' ) . 
  magnus is closely tied to the sun ( he created the thing ) . 
  the eye would be the stone . 
  now that i think of it , the downfall of the prisoner might have some ties with lorkhan , who also came back after he saw the wheel . 
   the first example still in use today is the dutch `` prince 's flag '', 
  the prince 's flag ( or prinsenvlag in dutch ) is n't used anymore . 
  it was changed in the 17th century to the current flag of the netherlands ( which replaced the orange with red ) . 
  because of its popularity with the nationaal-socialistische beweging ( nsb , a dutch national socialist movement from the past ) in the thirties , it has connotations with fascism nowadays .
