  by yet more interplay the et ` ada are created , and these are what is commonly held to be gods . 
  the et ` ada later became the aedra , daedra , and magna-ge , and ( most likely ) other spirits that are considered to be gods , but not normally counted with the others , like phynaster , lorkhan , ebonarm , diagna , etc. 
  ( also , the et ` ada that were destroyed during creation became either earthbones or mortals ) . 
  now , this is not the only way that godhood is achieved independently ( for sake of simplicity , i wo n't discuss mantling or chim ) . 
  some mortals became gods due to being partly of divine nature ( as with morihaus , or the shezzarines ) , or by messing with gods ( like the tribunal ) . 
  also , the nine divines are only the major pantheon in that they have the most followers , due to imperial influence . 
  they might became more powerful due to mythopoeic forces , and they already were the strongest aedra , but they are in no way `` higher '' than other deities , like the daedra or the yokudan gods . 
  alduin , just like akatosh , tosh raka , auri-el , alkosh , and ruptga , is a time-god . 
  all of them are part of the aka-oversoul , and all are governing a different aspect of time . 
  akatosh is time-as-it-exists , and alduin is its end . 
  alduin was always the case . 
  the marukhati only played around with akatosh . 
  akatosh became two . 
  akatosh is a merger of a local time-god ( auri-el ? ), 
  and shezzar . 
  because the aka spirits and lorkhan spirits are pretty much opposed , this caused him to become schizophrenic . 
  and who 's doing would those diseases be ? 
  the hist work in complicated ways , and they seem to always have the edge over others ( like with them already knowing about the oblivion crisis years before it happened ), 
  no , but it is rumoured ( and likely ) that at least the knahaten flu , which killed of most of the non-hist and argonian population , being the end of the kothringi and the lilmothiit , was the hist 's doing . 
  they are also known to be great bio-engineers , that made the argonians . 
  it is not that far of a stretch that they are able to make diseases to fend of anyone that would harm them . 
  well , we kbow they had a fullout war with the yokudans , so i would n't consider them peaceful either . 
  the reason bosmer are n't as present in the legion , or do n't have that many large skill armies is mostly because they are n't known for their discipline . 
  they have notoirious authority problems . 
  first of , lorkhan and auri-el . 
  the et ` ada are a result of the interplay of anu and phadomay , led by anui-el and sithis . 
  because they are of mixed heritage , some of them are more phadomic than anuic , and vice versa . 
  auri-el just happened to be very anuic , and lorkhan very phadomic . 
  now the tribunal . 
  it is hard to say . 
  they did exhibit divine traits , like being incredibly powerful , immortal , and able to tell three daedra to fuck of . 
  vivec was most definitly a god ( or at least a part of him ) , but he achieved chim , which almalexia and sotha sil did n't . 
  the problem here , is that topal the pilot is an epic , and not a depiction of historic events . 
  it might be inspired by history , but it 's better to list it under folktales than under history . 
  hmm , it seems to have a lot of faults , though . 
  it lists the nedes coming from atmora , and it outright says that khajiit and orcs have no ties to the elves . 
  the amulet is not necessairily the septim 's . 
  it was first gifted to alessia , and the remans wore it as well . 
  it has more to do with being a rightful emperor than anything . 
  that sounds pretty believable actually . 
  another possibility would be that the altmer ( or aldmer ) just refused to recognise the elves that went away . 
  there is no need for an industrial revolution in the tes universe . 
  with magic being able to heat objects , light fires , move objects and even have people fly around , putting money in a mechanical contraption would be pointless and a waste of money . 
  besides , there are things that even our technology could not parallel . 
  the third and second empire , as well as the aldmeri dominions , had an active space program , with bassically a whole fleet of voidships . 
  also , pelinal whitestrake was a robot . 
  these things were all powered by magic , though , not wiring and electricity . 
  there are references to more futuristic settings . 
  kinmune has robots and spaceships , and the tomorrowind part in c0da seems to hint to an consumerist dystopia ( although the later might have been an alternative reality ) . 
  i know little about the first and second point , but i can safely answer the third . 
  reincarnation means something slightly different in the elder scrolls . 
  it is not having the soul of person a , but rather that the person in question follows the same path as person a. 
  the nerevarine was a reincarnation in that he would unite morrowind under the banner of the hortator , just like nerevar did . 
  khajiit say so in their own origin myth . 
  besides , if they are n't linked , they need another origin , of mythic proportion ( all mortals can trace their roots to a divine being ) . 
  the argonians have the hist that shaped and shapes them , but i do not see another explanation for khajiit and orsimer , other than what they themselves put forward in their origin myths . 
  sort of . 
  i have always been under the impression that reincarnation was more fate-driven than mantling . 
  considering that aldmeris is a myth , the ancestral home of the elves would be the summerset isles ( i heard someone claim that the elves were dispersed just like the wanderers after the ehlnofey wars . 
  i do n't necessairily believe it , but it is a theory ) . 
  with the summerset isles as home turf , it is likely that the bosmer and khajiit were initially proto-mer which left the isles and settled those regions . 
  caring and knowing are different things . 
  the orcs absolutely hate most elves . 
  that is also the reason why they are called orc , and not orsimer . 
  they want to distance themselves from the elves . 
  like already discussed , the blades had the akaviri dragonguard as their progenators . 
  the dragonguard was an elite group wothin the akaviri ranks , tasked woth hunting down dragons . 
  when reman meat them on the battlefield and shouted at them , the dragonguard recognised him as the chief dragonslayer ( as that is what the dragonborn is ) . 
  they swore fealty to him , and answered his bidding , changing into the blades . 
  the blades became an important tool for the emperors , as they were an instrument of which they had direct access ( decisions regarding the legion had to go via the elder counsil ) . 
  with the dissappearance of the dragons , they gained the roles of bodyguards and a personal intelligince agency ( think praetorian guard ) . 
  after the great war , the emperor ( who was n't dragonborn and only slightly accepted by the blades ) was forced to give up his personal secret service . 
  the blades refused disbanded and went into hiding , waitig for the next dragonborn . 
  to answer your quetion : they never really changed mandates . 
  times changed , though , so different aspects became important . 
  the elderlore podcast is pretty decent from what i gathered ( i have n't watched those , though ) . 
  besides that , i do n't know a lot of good ones . 
  shoddycast is popular , but it is riddled with mistakes and suffers from a very one sided perspective . 
  awareness and achieving chim are two different things . 
  we know that the blind moth-priests have knowledge of the concept , as one monk left behind sheetmusic when he zero-summed . 
  also , it is highly likely that almalexia and sotha sil had knowledge of the subject , due to their closeness to vivec , and their knowledge as immortal beings . 
  the only two beings known to have achieved chim are vivec and tiber septim , though . 
  alright , i 'm certain someone will come along who can explain this better ( cough mdnthrvst cough ) , but here goes . 
  a 1 : close , but what you are describing is zero-summing . 
  this is the result of a failed atempt at chim , and causes the person to erase himself from the dream . 
  achieving true chim is realising you exist within a dream , so you are non-existent . 
  on the otherside you still love the dream you are in , and love everything in it , including yourself ( love is a key instrument here ) . 
  a 2 : it might be fourth wall breaking , but for the sake of a serious lore discussion , it is not treated as such . 
  that would also make the concept a lot less interesting . 
  a 3 : sithis is not a player in anything , as he is bassicaly the soul of nothingness . 
  the i am not would be phadomay , the embodiement of change . 
  a 4 : chim is not a necessity for mantling . 
  the ruddy man and the coc both mantles without it . 
  they did lose their identity though , to molag bal and sheogorath , respectively . 
  the love of self that is part of chim makes it possible for someone to take over a sphere without losing their self , as tiber septim mantled lorkhan , but is still considered the same as talos ( which is n't really true , as talos is actually three people ( zurin arctus , tiber septim , and wulfharth ) , but the others were outshined by tiber 's ego-tripping ) . 
  also a fun note to this ( which became clear after the release of the text ) : music is an integral part in the tes universe . 
  myrrlyn wrote to excellent points on this . 
  they are in the compilation ( i 'm on phone right now , so linking is hard ) . 
  md already explained the dwemer part , so i will only talk about the mantling . 
  sheogorath and jyggalag are the same spirit .
