  also , shout out to avian , who is celebrating his birthday today !, 
  a barely documented faction in the history of tamriel is ` the beautiful ' . 
  this group , active in the summerset isles , is one that deserves more attention . 
  the beautiful were a group labelled as dangerous by the empire , and as terrorists by alinor . 
  the main philosophy of this organisation was to further push the summerset isles and the altmer culture towards progress , what was , in their eyes , the only thing that could give the altmer their position in tamriel back . 
  the beautiful originated from the salons of alinor . 
  as commonly known , the altmer had long been leaders when it came to the arts . 
  while their forms and themes were deemed conservative by the rest of the continent , no one would see the altmeri artists as inadequate . 
  the salons were the rooms , caf\u00e9s , and houses in which artists would find likeminded , and discuss art , philosophy and politics . 
  while this practise had been going on for millennia , the unrest within the art communities only reached a boiling point in the late third era . 
  this unrest did not originate in a vacuum , and was a natural result of the contemporary developments in tamriel , and the lack of them in the summerset isles . 
  ever since the third empire conquered the entirety of tamriel , contact between the provinces was at an absolute height . 
  it did not only mean that news and products from one corner could travel to the other , but it also lead to a huge exchange of ideas and philosophy . 
  because of this , tamriel was changed , and blossomed to heights never seen before . 
  another development of this was an increase in tolerance between the races ( which quickly disappeared after the fall of the empire ) . 
  this meant that all were imperial citizens , and that all were welcome ( to some extent ) in other provinces . 
  with this spread of ideas , most provinces modernised quickly . 
  orcish metallurgy found its way to the outskirts of morrowind , valenwood-made bows were available in skyrim , and it had never been easier to transport skooma and balmora blue to the corners of the continent . 
  unsurprisingly , the summerset isles were left out of the loop . 
  this was not due to its remote location ( the ports of alinor are some of the biggest of the continent , rivalling those of anvil and solitude ) , but because of the policies employed by the altmeri upper-classes . 
  because of the superiority complex the altmer have had since the sundering of aldmeris , they did not believe the influences from outside to be beneficial for the province . 
  as a result , the practise of `` barbaric , non-altmer '' techniques were prohibited . 
  while this did not affect most of the artists or writers , it did not stroke well with their philiosphy . 
  most of those artists remained silent , but some young artists from the salon named `` the beautiful '' , started a movement . 
  according to the beautiful , progress is one of the greatest goods in the world . 
  they believe , that by ever moving forward , the altmer race could rise to new heights , and might find a way to reclaim divinity . 
  they saw the ruling classes as a threat , as they stopped every form of development , seeing it as degenerate . 
  initially , the beautiful were peaceful . 
  they spread more pro-tamriel art , pamphlets and literature , and spoke publically on the streets , to try and get the lower castes to cooperate . 
  while they did get attention from the farmers and hand workers , it proved futile in the end . 
  the alinor government , now aware of the movement , ordered all involved arrested and find , for degenerate behaviour . 
  the empire stayed on the sidelines , as their main concern was stability in their provinces . 
  while the kings of the summerset isles hoped this would end conflict , it only made things worse . 
  the beautiful felt threatened , and they decided that instead of offering an alternative , they would declare war on altmeri conservatism . 
  this conflict started with the defacing of many monuments and ancestor statues , with the reason that they only reminisced the past , to which no one can go back . 
  the empire remained neutral in this until the beautiful targeted the crystal tower . 
  considered a monument by both the summerset isles as the elder council , purposely damaging it would be punishable by death . 
  even though the beautiful were unsuccessful at damaging the crystal tower , they did now know that their only hope for an ally , the empire , was now gone . 
  this further radicalised the beautiful , and they went to open conflict . 
  the movement now tried organising riots both in the cities and in the province . 
  as well as sparking violence in the cities , they went as far as political murder . 
  while most of their plans were thwarted by both the legion and the local summerset kingdoms , they did manage to assassinate the daughter of the king of shimmerene . 
  at this point , the beautiful had lost all of their support except for the most violent and extremist groups in tamriel . 
  even though the beautiful would appear to be a popular movement , they were anything but . 
  the beautiful did not believe in equality of all races , or a complete assimilation of the summerset isles into tamriel . 
  they also were stanchly opposed to anything even remotely similar to democracy . 
  indeed , for most tamrielic standards , the beautiful would still be very conservative . 
  the key points of the movement were still heavily anchored in the belief of elven , and especially altmeri , superiority . 
  the beautiful believed that all technological , artistic , and political innovations and developments would eventually raise mortals to divine levels . 
  according to their philosophy , progress was a slow form of reclaiming divinity . 
  while they were in favour of strong coalition with the other regions of tamriel , it was not to further integration or assimilation . 
  the beautiful believed that by being in contact with others , one would be better able to identify oneself . 
  this applied to both the individual and the collective . 
  when a person gets in contact with others , they would undoubtedly learn of someone else 's points of view , and would compare that with their own , leading to a better understanding of one 's own nature . 
  by knowing more of the altmer nature , they hoped to rediscover shards of divinity , and reclaim their original position as et ` ada . 
  the political system the beautiful envisioned would also not look like a democracy . 
  instead , the beautiful advocated a meritocratic system , in which the best and most distinguished would rule over the lesser . 
  while this would still mean a class society , it would be different from the caste system still employed by the altmer . 
  just as fast as the young artists proved themselves dangerous , so fast did they fall to obscurity . 
  after the oblivion crisis , two major developments crippled the beautiful effort : the fall of the empire , leading to a loss of contact with the continent , and the rise of the thalmor , who were even more conservative than the kings of alinor . 
  while the thalmor would still need another 30 years to fully take control of the isles , they did gain more and more influence , and were responsible for a witch hunt against all who were as much as suspected to have ties with the movement . 
  the beautiful endured , but in continuously smaller form . 
  when the thalmor finally took power in 4e 29 , the beautiful were likely destroyed or disbanded . 
  the only thing certain is that this is the last date of any mentioning of the organisation . 
  most of the more prominent members fled , looking for asylum anywhere it is offered , and mostly in cyrodiil and high rock . 
  it is entirely possible that some cells are still active in alinor currently , but it is impossible to tell with the censorship and propaganda of the aldmeri dominion . 
  * the following is an exert from the book of circles , written by the legendary yokudan hero frandar do hunding hel ansei no shira , and dealing with the arts of swordsmanship , sword-singing , and strategy . 
  know that our name , sword-singers , is not accidental . 
  it is not a poetic allusion to our prowess in combat , nor does it illustrate the beauty of an artisan performing his craft . 
  our name draws from the universal tune , and how we might shape it . 
  everything around us is sound , and from sound , music . 
  by listening to the music , one may adapt to it , and variate on it . 
  this is singing , and this is the core of our craft . 
  singing is not merely vocal , and it is simplistic to think of it as this . 
  singing is to change what is heard . 
  just as one makes new lyrics to a popular tune , so may one change the course of the universal tune . 
  yet how come we may shape our surrounding , yet most may not ? 
  this is rooted in our craft , and in our mastery of the sword . 
  hold the sword up , and you shall see it is i. 
  it is the tower which shapes our world , and forms our paradigm of the world , and the world itself . 
  the sword is the extension of the self , and the purest extension is the shehai [ , that which is called spirit sword ] . 
  it is the i manifest , the taking shape of the own tower . 
  it is because of this that introspection and exploration of the world are vital . 
  how would a singer now himself , when he is not able to know others , or look himself in the eyes ? 
  when the self , the i , is found , one may attempt at the shehai . 
  when taken shape , the shehai forms the sword-singer 's song . 
  it is this that shapes the tune of the world , by violence and by elegance . 
  to be an artisan is not reliant on strength or agility . 
  while these might help against a weaker opponent , it is not enough against a skilled artisan . 
  to defeat another swordsman , one must know their opponent , and to know another is to know oneself . 
  we are all part of the music , and we all variate on it by ourselves , one more than the other . 
  to know another is to hear the music , and their song . 
  by hearing the music , one may know both self and other , and by hearing the song , one may distinguish the two . 
  the tune is universal , but the song is not . 
  when one hears both the music and the song , then one may strike , for the song is an extension of the i , and tells all about the singer . 
  know that as the sword is the stone of the tower , so is the sword our tower , with i as its stone . 
  know that we are all towers in ourselves , and it is this that shapes our surrounding . 
  a sword-singer employs his craft to further his song , shaping the tune in his own way . 
  * the following is the first chapter from the reach epic called `` the rape of the reach '' , which is better known to modern readers as the myth of red-eagle . 
  the story focuses around the war of conquest between the first empire , led by empress hestra , and the ten kingdoms of the reach .
