  i will not tell my name to those that curse me . 
  tell me my next assignment , so that i may lift the curses and tell you my name . '', 
  faolan gave it some thought , and said : `` fine then . 
  your next assignment will be to teach me how to hunt like you do . 
  you seem to be gifted . 
  make no mistake , i am a proud man of the reach , and know how to hunt . '', 
  the man replied : `` alright . 
  then let 's get up and go to the woods . 
  there i will tell you how to hunt . 
  leave your tent and the stags here . 
  i will make sure the wolfs and bears wo n't disturb them . '', 
  faolan and the man made their way to the woods , where the hunting began . 
  for every deer faolan slew , the stranger slew two and caught another two . 
  for every bird faolan shot , the stranger slew two and caught another two . 
  faolan became tired , but the stranger kept killing and catching the animals of the forest . 
  faolan spoke : `` we have been hunting for over an hour now , and both have caught admirable spoils . 
  still , my spoils pale in comparison to yours . 
  i will lift some of the curses , and in return you will teach me how to hunt as you do . '', 
  the man agreed . 
  he spoke : `` that is fine with me . 
  first , let us move further into the woods , and stalk our prey . 
  i suggest we try hunting on deer first . '', 
  this is what they did . 
  the stranger made sneaked through the undergrowth , as if he was part of the winds . 
  he came close enough to the deer to snap their necks , and that is what he did . 
  every time faolan attempted to get as near , the noise he made startled the deer , and he had to throw a javelin after them . 
  the stranger said : `` you are clothed to cumbersome , king faolan . 
  put down your royal armour , and be clothed as i am , in my image . 
  this way , neither men nor animal will hear you coming . '', 
  this is what faolan did . 
  he put off his armour , and put a loincloth around his waist . 
  he put the severed head of a buck over his own , so that he was clothed in the image of the stranger . 
  after he did this , he was able to move towards the deer close enough to snap their necks , which he did . 
  he was n't as successful as the stranger , though . 
  when midnight had passed , faolan had grown tired . 
  he and the stranger made their way back to the hill . 
  there , faolan 's tent and the two stags were left unscathed . 
  three wolfs ran of from the hill , and stood upright before vanishing in the woods . 
  faolan said : `` now that we are done hunting , and you have taught me to move like you , i will lift some other curses from you . 
  before i lift the last ones , i want you to teach me how to hit a prey like you do . 
  i saw that you were more successful in hunting than i. '', 
  the stranger said : `` i see . 
  i will teach you how to out wit your opponent , and how to find the right prey . 
  promise me one thing : teach this to your men , so that they might hunt like me in the coming battles . '', 
  this is what the stranger taught . 
  the exact techniques are lost , or intranscribeable . 
  faolan listened and remembered until the sun came up , and the stranger talked and explained until the sun came up . 
  faolan said , when the sun was about to rise : `` thank you , stranger . 
  i think i will be able to hunt like you do now , on both man and animal . 
  i will lift the last curses , although they did n't seem to effect you . 
  let those curses be gone . 
  now , tell me your name . '', 
  the stranger stood up , rising in posture to three times faolan 's size . 
  he spoke : `` my name is hirseinn , and i am the lord of hunters . 
  i have taught you what you wanted , and i have helped you where the other old gods did not . 
  heed my words , that they might be remembered by the reachmen in days come . 
  i will go now , and you will most likely not see me again . 
  farewell , mortal . 
  may your hunting be true . '', 
  hirseinn turned around , turning into a wolf , and running of into the woods . 
  faolan made his way back to the camp . 
  he told his men of the previous night , and what he had learned . 
  he told them to be clothed in the image of hirseinn , and that they must hunt like him , for these techniques worked against both man and animal . 
  faolan 's men had gone hunting . 
  they would strike h\u00e9stram 's camps and forts at night , only to disappear at dawn . 
  when they would appear during day time , they would strike before h\u00e9stram 's men saw them . 
  their attacks were fierce , and no man escaped them alive . 
  when a reachman would be captured by a man of the south , faolan would come and slaughter the camp . 
  this way , h\u00e9stram lost two battalions , and faolan none of his men . 
  h\u00e9stram entered tul\u00edr 's tent , and spoke : `` tul\u00edr , i have need of your blessing . 
  we are fighting an irregular war here , and i am afraid we will lose if they keep up this battle . 
  now , more than ever , i require your blessing and your advice . '', 
  tul\u00edr replied : `` ask me not for a blessing , but kai . 
  he is the one i serve , and the one that is kind to you and your people . 
  i can give you advice , however . 
  fighting their war is a fool 's errant . 
  maybe we are cursed , and this war is proving to be an unjust war . 
  my advise is to retreat , and to leave the reach to its savage folk , so that we might leave this godsforsaken land . '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` never !, 
  none of my ancestors , from my father and mother to the first of my blood , which was alesh , has ever retreated because they could not keep up with their enemies . 
  i will only retreat when the last of my men lies in the dirt of the reach , and even then will i fight to keep that which is now mine . 
  saying otherwise is treason , and i expected more from you , tul\u00edr . '', 
  orc\u00ed crept out of the shadow in the corner , stuck to a rolling chair . 
  he spoke : `` there might be another way , queen . 
  each army in the reach is only as strong as their commander . 
  the reachmen lack the tact and discipline of the men of the south . 
  if we were to kill faolan , his armies would fall , and you will be the true ruler of the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram said : `` fine then . 
  orc\u00ed , you are not fit to kill faolan . 
  have someone search the camp for our craftiest and most roguish men . 
  have them hunt faolan , and have them bring me the eagle 's head . '', 
  this is what was done . 
  many thieves and rogues and nightblades made their way to faolan 's camps , and tried to hunt or assassinate or poison faolan . 
  what they did n't know , was that faolan 's men were now masters of the hunt , and they knew how to read tracks and spot signs of sabotage . 
  every man of the south that tried to kill faolan was caught . 
  that evening , faolan stood on the hill overlooking h\u00e9stram 's camp , holding nine heads in his hands . 
  h\u00e9stram spoke : `` that did not work , orc\u00ed . 
  i do n't want this kind of weak plans anymore . 
  if you have any other plans , spit them out , so that we may finally get rid of faolan . '', 
  orc\u00ed replied : `` there is one other thing we could try to get rid of red-eagle .
