  the khajiit themselves believe they are descendents of the same group as the bosmer , there neighbours , even though they do not name this ancestor as aldmer , in stead referring to creatures that change in form constantly ( a theme also present in bosmeri religion ) . 
  according to the khajiit , all et ` ada are descendent of the union between ahnurr ( anu ) and fadomai ( padomay ) , the chief forces of creation , stasis and change . 
  out of the first litter came the et ` ada often classified as aedra : alkosh ( akatosh ) , khenarthi ( kynareth ) , magrus ( magnus , also the only one who is n't regarded as an aedra ) , mara , and s'rendarr ( stendarr ) . 
  these forces all symbolise the more common things on mundus , having effect on all life . 
  after this came a second litter , who are generally seen as daedra : hermorah ( hermaeus mora ) , hircine , merrunz ( mehrunes dagon ) , mafala ( mephala ) , sangiin ( sanguine ) , and shegorrath ( sheogorath ) . 
  these forces symbolise the more khajiiti/feline traits , such as the destructive properties of kittens ( along with not asking the ` why ' question , a common thing for khajiit ) , and their addiction to skooma and moonsugar . 
  after this , to comfort her firstborns , fadomai tricked ahnurr in another union , birthing the moons jode and jone ( masser and secunda ) , nirni ( nirn ( mundus was not yet created , but this might be a metaphor for mundus ) and azurah ( possibly a metaphor for oblivion in general ) . 
  ahnurr was enraged , because he did n't want any more children , and mortally wounded fadomai . 
  she fled and birthed her last cub , lorkhaj ( lorkhan ) , in the darkness . 
  this act also created namiira ( namira ) . 
  fadomai , just before she died , told nirni that she would birth as many children as she did , and she told azurah the secrets of the moon lattice . 
  after this , lorkhaj tricked the first litter , along with nirni , to create mundus . 
  azurah took some of the children of nirni ( they are described as having no final form ) and shape them to the modern day khajiit . 
  y' ffer ( y' ffre ) saw this and told nirni of it . 
  she was enraged and created the deserts of elsweyr , to punish the khajiit . 
  as a sign of thanks , she allowed y' ffer to shape some of her children in the bosmer . 
  y' ffer also shouted out the secret to surpass the moon lattice , which was vital in keeping the other children of fadomai out . 
  azurah kept ahnurr and lorkhaj from hearing it , but it did make the role of the khajiit as protectors of the moons that more important . 
  even though this is obviously a myth , there is , as always , a core of truth . 
  the khajiit do hold a special link to the moons , as their forms are decided by the stance of them , and it is rumoured that the khajiit did climb up to secunda at least once . 
  their link to the elves is also probably more than myth . 
  khajiiti politics are vastly different from those of the other provinces . 
  historically , elsweyr was divided in sixteen kingdoms . 
  even though most kingdoms would have fought over territory , the khajiit strangely did not fall in any major conflict . 
  at some point , the thrassian plague hit , and devastated much of elsweyr and the khajiit . 
  only two kingdoms remained : anequina in the north , and pellitine in the south . 
  the conflict ended with the marriage of the rulers of these two kingdoms in 2e 309 , forming a unified elsweyr for the first time . 
  the relative peace was mainly kept by the mane , a almost mythical spiritual leader , who is born when the moons align , and a third moon appears ( by the khajiit seen as the mane itself ) . 
  this peace ended in the second century of the fourth era , when the mane was murdered and the thalmor staged a coup d'etat . 
  anequina and pellitine were restored , and both became client states to the aldmeri dominion . 
  as is standard for khajiit , most of them did n't and still do n't care for politics . 
  khajiit understand that kingdoms and rulers come and go , and feel that the only thing permanent is the sand of the desert . 
  because of this , they do n't believe investing time in power is worthwhile . 
  this attitude towards things is standard for khajiit , which attributes to both their perception of a care free race , and their looser understanding of laws and morality . 
  indeed , most khajiit are ( sometimes wrongly ) perceived as thieves . 
  if a house is empty ( even if the owner is just away for a moment ) , a khajiit might decide to stay there . 
  not because he wo n't buy his own place , but because a empty house is of no use , and he might use it just as well . 
  the same thing applies to possession : if it is not clearly stated that it is someone 's property , than it is no one 's . 
  it is important to understand that this does not mean that thievery is accepted by khajiit . 
  if it is clear that it is someone else 's property , it is unacceptable to steal it , unless it is in a case of life or death . 
  furthermore , taking other 's property is only acceptable if it is to the good of the family or clan , as egoistic reasons are despised . 
  the history of the khajiit is not extremely well known , and they themselves do not bother with it . 
  as stated earlier , elsweyr used to be divided in sixteen kingdoms , who were all but destroyed after the thrassian plague , forming anequina and pelletine , who merged in the united province of elsweyr . 
  this union remained until the aftermath of the void nights , a period in which the moons had disappeared . 
  this was incredibly influential on the khajiit , as these had huge importance for them . 
  it is unknown what happened to the khajiiti born during the void nights , but it is likely that they were all stillborns . 
  after the moons reappeared , the thalmor took credit for bringing them back ( it is rumoured that they caused them to disappear too ) , which justified the coup to overthrow the kingdom of elsweyr , and reinstating the two historical kingdoms . 
  before the coup , the mane was conveniently assassinated . 
  because of this coup , elsweyr , already outside of imperial influences since the oblivion crisis , in the form of the two kingdoms , became a client state of the dominion . 
  * the khajiit are truly a curious race . 
  there relation with the moons of nirn is a strange one indeed , and their care-free , often mistaken for immoral , nature is a very interesting and fascinating one . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * redditors note : thanks to xenoposeidon for providing me with ( a lot ) of information on the hist . 
  not everything made it into this volume , as i wanted to use a lot for the next volume on argonians . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  * welcome back to the eighth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume deals with one of the strangest races on nirn , the hist . 
  these sentient trees are incredible important , not only to the argonians , but to the entirety of tamriel . 
  even though this is a relative small addition to ` on the species ' , it is instrumental in further understanding the argonians . 
  the hist are probably the most secretive and hardest to understand race on tamriel , not only because they appear very mundane to the untrained eye , but also because of their unfathomable knowledge and intelligence . 
  even though there are no reports of hists communicating with other races than the argonians , who are extremely defensive over the trees , they are instrumental in the history of tamriel . 
  there are not many noteworthy biological traits of the hist . 
  indeed , in almost all features they resemble standard trees , albeit very big ones . 
  even though an average hist is about the size of an oak , there are examples of hist being slightly shorter than the trees of valenwood , albeit being more spread out . 
  the largest hist is in lilmoth , black marsh , and is seen as the most important one , even though this is a pure mortal distinction , as all hists are linked together via their roots , forming a hive mind . 
  in short : all hists are connected , and share the same mind . 
  this also attributes to the incredible knowledge ( even of previous kalpa 's ) the hists have , as , even though one hist is mortal , his knowledge and mind are not , as these are absorbed in the hive mind , and kept with all the other hist . 
  furthermore , the hist give off a special sap , which is incredibly important to the argonians , as it is not only the only way for the hist to comunnicate with any non-hist , but it also what gives argonians their shape , form , sentience and soul . 
  pinpointing any features other than these is virtually impossible , as the sap of the hist has strange shaping properties , making it possible for a hist to shape itself into multiple shapes , and increasing it 's adaptability . 
  the origin of the hist is unknown to us . 
  what is known , is that the hist had been around at the same time as the et ` ada , predating mundus . 
  indeed , they were the first inhabitants of nirn , even before the ehlnofey . 
  along with nirn , the hists also had a realm of oblivion of their own , the name lost to us , along with relatives of them ( called the um-hist ) inhabiting the realm of clavicus vile . 
  during the ehlnofey war , the realm of the hist was mostly destroyed , the remains merging with nirn and forming black marsh , despite their neutrality . 
  this neutrality is something common to the hist . 
  because of their huge intelligence , the hist are known to predict most major events on tamriel , being able to adjust themselves and the argonians to deal with the future threats . 
  in this sense , neutrality is a very short sighted term , as the hist will interfere in one way or the other , if they themselves are at risk . 
  even though the hist are all linked , and share the same thoughts , it is not unheard of rogue hists , who split themselves off of the hive mind . 
  when this happens , the other hist team up , and destroy the rogue hist , one way or the other . 
  as stated earlier , the only thing we know of the origin of the hists , is that they were already present when mundus was not yet created , and that they were the first inhabitants of nirn . 
  their realm got destroyed during the ehlnofey wars , despite their neutrality . 
  it is safe to say that at almost all major events in black marsh , the hist played one role or the other . 
  during the oblivion crisis , for instance , the hist had already been calling back argonians for years , to condition them for the impending dangers , making them better fighters , and more durable to the horrors of the deadlands of mehrunes dagon . 
  this was successful , and caused dagon to order all gates in black marsh closed . 
  this also further strengthened the position of the an-xileel , a political party in black marsh which acted as the hist 's lieutenants . 
  with the support of the hist , the an-xileel ordered the secession of black marsh from the empire , making it the first province to do so . 
  * these strange trees of black marsh are indeed one of the more curious races of tamriel , if not a force to reckon with . 
  their shape altering abilities are incredibly important to the argonians , and , in turn , for the whole of nirn . 
  a basic understanding of these magnificent creatures is necessary to further understand the argonians , with who the next volume will deal . 
  * redditor 's note : again , a thank-you to xenoposeidon . 
  as i said earlier , a lot of the information was also usable for this volume . 
  again , thanks . 
  * welcome back to the ninth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume is about the reptilian race of the argonians . 
  these creatures have been looked down upon by most races , both for their reptilian appearance , as well as their primitive society . 
  without further ado : here is ` the lizards of the swamps ' . 
  the argonians ( in their language , jel , saxhleel , pronounced [ ` za\u0263\u0266leil ] as opposed to the imperial pronunciation [ 's \u00e6kslil ] , meaning ` people of the root ' , a reference to their relation with the hist trees ) of black marsh are a reptilian people often looked down upon by the other races . 
  indeed , argonians , along with the khajiit , are ( wrongly ) classified as ` beasts ' by the races of mer and men .
