  dutch is n't that bad with it ( i think there is a maximum of about two or three words ) , but german can really overdo it . 
  i have ( as of yet ) no experience with the celtic languages , apart from some irish friends of mine bitching about how ridiculously complicated it is . 
  my experience with latin however is that it has a very flexible word order , due to its grammatical cases . 
  what always surprised me is that roman authors tended to play a lot with word order , while greek writers did not , even though classical greek has very complicated grammar as well . 
  it 's very much like dutch though ( do n't say that to dutchmen , though . 
  we are the only ones allowed to say that , it is kind of a touchy subject ) . 
  still , it is not a easy language to learn , and i dropped the class in high school a couple of years ago . 
   [ x ] is a hard ch, 
  i was convinced [ x ] was like the scottish loch ( so a velar fricative ) , but i might have confused it with [ \u03c7 ] . 
  need to look into it . 
   [ ks ] your example , xylophone , we pronounce with a [ z ] . 
  my name , alexander , features a [ ks ] for the x sound , which i imagine is more your goal . 
  you 're right about this one . 
  will edit it . 
   i see no reason dovah would require a special glyph for th any more than english does . 
  here i beg to differ . 
  english does n't have it , but for instance icelandic does ( icelandic actually has two different letters for it : \u00f0 and \u00fe ) . 
  the problem is that the english script is a slightly altered version of the latin script , which in itself is a heavier altered version of the greek alphabet . 
  icelandic borrowed its letters ( or at least \u00fe ) from the rune script , which was used until much later in iceland . 
   i 'm saying dovah does n't have an apostrophe , we do have a spoken dovah-uu , and the glottal stop u ' u is just how the glyph is pronounced . 
  this is going to be a hard one . 
  you can completely be right , but i still think thu'um would be written with two u characters , as there is a distinct character for uu . 
  problem is , until we have a written record of thu'um ( or uu for that matter ) , we ca n't say anything with certainty . 
  edit : i have looked at the [ x ] thing , and i have tied it to something in my [ own language ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_phonology#consonants ) . 
  look at ` dutch consonants with example words ' , and than at the dutch word ` acht ' . 
  it is pronounced with the sound i had in mind . 
  ( to be fair , the difference between the words ` acht ' and ` geeuw ' , the two example words , is voicing , which has disappeared in northern dutch dialects ( like mine ) ), 
  did he say that ? 
  well , greek has a case less than latin ( no ablative ) , but all other cases have distinct suffixes ( and even distinct articles , based on gender , case and number ) . 
  but latin is a bit stricter with its verb rules than greek is , though . 
  you should n't put faith in anything someone posts . 
  there are some very respectable posters on here , but even they can be wrong . 
  look at what is present in the in-game lore , look at what people like michael kirkbride have to say , take everything you know with a grain of salt , and make a judgement for yourself . 
  regarding the uu thing , i could only find two words with a double u , thu'um and gravuun ( note : without apostrophe ) , but i could n't find any written mention of both of them in dragon script . 
  regarding the [ x ] sound : it is n't anything like a hard ch , imagine the sound a cat makes when it 's angry , or the sound someone makes before throwing up . 
  thats the scottish sound . 
  for the dutch sound , imagine someone clearing his throat very loudly before spitting out the most disgusting clutter of slime and saliva . 
  that is why dutch is n't a pretty language . 
  i normally make a sound like i get punched in the stomach , but i think everyone has heard gagging or dry-heaving at least once . 
  you 're right : it does , indeed , appear in some english dialects . 
  i did not include it mostly because of the fact that i am not very familiar with the dialects ( there are three variations on the rolling r ) . 
  but yes , i might add something about english dialects, 
  the fact that festus mentions a wand , only wands are only featured as useless items in daggerfall, 
  i think the latter . 
  i can imagine people getting quite confused by something mentioned , yet never seen ( or seen as useless ) . 
   i 'm just a very polite vomiter, 
  never heard it described as such . 
  but if you do n't bother other people with noise pollution , you 're fine , right ? 
  i have never heard magic requiring speech ( even as a way of concentrating ) , except for shouts , which work vastly different from standard magicka . 
  where do you base this of ? 
  it is true that the scrolls in morrowind have text/incantations on them , but in the games ( and in-game lore , for that matter ) we see that the most unskilled can still cast spells without muttering a word ( i understand the ` only telvani wizards can do that ' remark to just be the ignorance of the boys ) . 
  i admit , i do not know the exact workingsof magicka , but i find it highly unlikely that magic requires any form of speech , also due to the fact that items are used in the same way as scrolls in morrowind , indicating that it is more akin to tapping from the power of in said scrolls or items , instead of them being tutorials as to how that particulair spell works ( which would also explain the single use you can get out of a scroll ) . 
  of course , and i understand bethesda might not have fully realised the world because of constraints . 
  however , we should take anything present in the in-game lore as canon , and i have never seen a mention of the use of gestures and speech in spells ( i might be wrong here ) . 
  o the tale was interesting , and it was definitly a nice read . 
  it has a fair bit of conjencture , most of which can easily be defended . 
  but yeah , it was an enjoyable story . 
  one question though , when did gothren develop his hate for foreigners . 
  since he comes from the slums of vivec ( a city which is quite filled with foreigners ) , and he knows the foreign quarters well , would n't he be more aquintenced and open to outlanders ? 
  thanks , mate . 
  i did n't know this existed , and it seems interesting . 
  my own version will probably conflict with established lore , so i do n't know if they will be of any help , but they could help clarify the uu issue . 
  seeing the listing in the ayrenn text , i figure she is either important to ( as in : listed in , protected by , etc. ), 
  article 1245663245 , or she is the article . 
  maybe the thalmor link the issuer of a article to the article itself ? 
  still , seeing the ( obviously ) strange nature of the queen , it is probably not the above mentioned theory . 
  maybe ( which seems the most likely to me ) , she acted under the article , and was `` compelled to produce tower scrolls and tangible majickas or to ancestral palm-writ for chrysalinspection if the thalm [ or ] deems it necessary for the continued good of the dominion '' . 
  it could be that she went to kinmune under this article , and as such is referred to with `` anuielectorate article 1245663245 '' , to indicate that she either was successful , deemed successful , or just because it was a daring feat of sorts . 
  i can imagine the thalmor to be interested in any knowledge kinmune might have ( which of course had to be reorganised due to the chaos created by the mind-residue after the blast ) . 
  this could also tie in the landfall-kinmune theory and the thalmor-landfall theory . 
  this can come of as rambling , the idea kind of formed during writing . 
  bretons do n't descend from nords . 
  this is the theory the imperial geographical society holds to be true , but it is plain wrong . 
  all sentient life ( with the exception of the hist and argonians ) descends from the ehlnofey . 
  during the ehlnofey war , they split into the old ehlnofey , who became aldmer , who became all the races of mer ( including orc and khajiit ) , and the wanderers , who became the various ancestors of men . 
  the yokudans and atmorans are , however , no much more linked to each other than to the nedes , the men that stayed on tamriel . 
  bretons descend from these nedes , along with the local aldmeri population . 
  of course , there has been a lot of interbreeding with the nords and imperials , but not enough to press a stamp on breton genetics . 
  could this explain the hate the ad seems to muster against the races of men partially ? 
  altmer do seem to hate mankind more than the other merkinds . 
  ^ please ^ let ^ it ^ be ^ a ^ dragon , ^ not ^ a ^ cliffracer ... ^ please ^ let ^ it ^ be ^ a ^ dragon , ^ not ^ a ^ cliffracer ... 
   tfw you live in holland , europe 's [ red mountain ] ( http://imgur.com/r/skyrim/sfges0o ), 
  as a addition to this : zurin arctus and wulfharth are also part of the talos enantiomorph , along with tiber septim . 
  there is a theory that talos only became a aedric god due to a retroactive effect of the dragon break during the warp in the west . 
  i wrote this a short while ago about the races on the other continents ( sorry i did n't shorten it , that is kind of a bitch to do on phone ) . 
  there are possibly more unknown continents though , and , like i said in the post , there are some more races on akavir , but all we know about them comes from the book mysterious akavir . 
  if you want to know more about them , i advice to look it up on uesp or til . 
  i do n't know if you should include hlaalu , telvanni and redoran like this . 
  they are the only ones present in the game morrowind , but they of course form a more important group with the houses dres and indoril . 
  regarding most important number ... 
  i think i stick with the christian idea of nine , as it is also 3 times 3 ( which would also make three more important , though ) . 
  and now that we 're talking about nine : there are nine major cities in cyrodiil . 
  i can see the analogy in the houses on vvardenfell . 
  regarding christianity : i figured the trinity to be central , and 3 times 3 equalling nine . 
  however , i admit i 'm not really accostumed to christian theology ( not a christian ) . 
  you already mentioned the seven syllable spell , but curiously enough almsivi is also written with seven letters . 
  there is also zurin arctus , wulfharth , tiber septim , eventhough the enantiomorph is already in there ( with the same logic : akatosh , lorkhan , mora ) . 
  and i still stand on the nine cities , which is linked to the nine divines of course . 
  edit : wulfharth died three times . 
  it pin-points it in seoul , south-korea ...
