  talos is a bit hard as he did bind himself to convention via an enantiomorph , calling convention 2.0 . 
  while he did not early lose as much as the aedra , he was still bound to mundus more than other ascended mortals . 
  talos is somewhere between an aedroth and an independent god , \u00e0 la vivec . 
   how powerful are they before/after death ? 
  just ask dagoth ur . 
  there is a theory that the same might apply to talos . 
  in the game daggerfall , the talos cult was notoriously absent . 
  in morrowind , after the warp , the talos cult did exist ( and you even meet a form of talos ) . 
  we know that during the warp , the underking ( zurin arctus ) could finally die . 
  the idea is that his soul was only then able to escape the mantella and join with the other two ( tiber septim and wulfharth ) into talos . 
  during the dragon break , talos would become a god since the moment of tiber 's death . 
  still , this is more or less trying to work around a retcon , so take it with a grain of salt . 
  it does n't necessarily mean he is an aedroth . 
  the thing is that because he is part of a new convention , he is part of the mundus . 
  a important difference between the aedra and the daedra is that the daedric princes ( and neither lesser daedra , by the way ) are bound to oblivion ( oblivion technically is just a collective name , and not as bound together as mundus is ) . 
  the aedra , on the other hand , are integral parts of mundus . 
  after convention 2.0 talos became so as well . 
  i 'm probably starting to bullshit now , so a quick summary : talos is part of mundus , just like the aedra . 
  daedra are n't as much part of oblivion as the aedra are of mundus . 
  the men-of-ge are a blank slate . 
  they are only mentioned in the adabal-a and one is casually mentioned in the song of pelinal ( which does n't shed much light on them either ) . 
  still , i know enough of the elder scrolls to know that the homophone is n't coincidence , so make of that what you want . 
  they did n't really have a claim though , they just took the throne ( or , in the case of al-esh , made one ) . 
  yes . 
  ~ ~ he also ranked on top ( iirc ) on some power list mk dropped here . ~ ~, 
  edit : apparently that list was n't meant seriously, 
  there are 8 ( or nine ) divines when you ask the imperials . 
  the dunmer would name three and four , the argonians would only refer the hists , and the redguards would name thousands of gods . 
  the dwemer would laugh in your face . 
  there are countless of divine beings , all with varying levels of influence and ` power ' ( however you like to fill that in ) . 
  so yes , divines in this sense is just politics/theology , but the broader term includes all sorts of beings . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i never know with that guy, 
  it is bassicaly what mareloryan already pointed out : the name is almost exclusively used for the imperial pantheon . 
  still , the word does have meaning in general , but that is also covered by `` deity '' or `` god '' . 
  semantics, 
  gcongrats to jaridase !, 
  the past week has been bussy , because of my final exams for high school . 
  still , since i 'm an idiot , i did manage to spend some time here , which is so.ething i 'm glad with . 
  so , yeah , that 's bassicaly the weekly update . 
  do n't forget that all are inferior to the glorious european imperials, 
  i really like this . 
  it is the khajiit version of `` lorkhan made mundus so we might escape '' , which imo is one of the coolest concepts of the series . 
  it also shows the potential of all mortals , which the socialist in me really likes . 
  also , good to hear from you again :d, 
  oh you 'll be surpised about how long those statues would take . 
  first , most of the supplies and funds would be used for fortifications , maintaining and creating equipement and probably arming militias as well ( which might have been a problem in the ic ) . 
  secondly , statues take a long ass time to make . 
  irl the italian sculptor bernini was seen as fast because he only took five months to make one . 
  bronze and chalkstone statues take way less time , but seeing that these type of statues should stay whole for a long time , marble is probably used , which is n't the easiest to use . 
  our form of atheism is impossible in the tes universe . 
  while in our world gods are a metaphysical thing . 
  since they are , according to tradition , outside of the empiric/fenomenal/extended , etc. 
  realm , science and measurable experiences ca n't say anything about gods . 
  in the tes universe , the line between the physical and metaphysical world is n't as sharp . 
  gods are both part of and above the pysical world , and exert their presence on mundus . 
  the dwemer would be the closest thing to atheism . 
  they do not recognise gods as being above mortals , but just as other parts of the dream . 
  while this seems close to the enlightenment of chim , it actually the opposite . 
  the dwemer know about the dream ( or know a similar concept ) , but they do n't recognise a goal for mundus ( the birth of a new amaranth ) . 
  instead of accepting the dream as a reality in itself , they see it as a illusion , and try to escape from it . 
  they do n't know the love necessairy for chim . 
  this kind of derailed , but the point is that the dwemer see gods as just another form of an illusion , of which they are part of themselves . 
  zero-summing requires a certain level of understanding . 
  someone that zero-sums tries to balance the feeling of existing ( 1 ) , with not existing at all ( -1 ) . 
  to achieve chim is bassicaly being so full of love for oneself that you can say : `` i am a dream , and so is everything around me . 
  while i am not ` real ' , i love myself too much to say that i do n't exist . 
  i must be part of this dream , and it must be part of me . 
  i am and all are we . '', 
  zero-summing is : `` i am a dream , and so is everything around me . 
  does that mean i do not exist ? 
  does this mean all is a illusion ? 
  what if this is all an illusion ? 
  what if i am [ numinit ] . '', 
  zero-summing means that you are not able to balance the ** full understanding ** of am and am not . 
  chim on the other hand is also grounded in this understanding , but it requires such a strong will ( which is equal to love ) that you will yourself in existence . 
  while you might not be real in the truest sense , you are in the dream , and that is now your turf , if it wants to or not ( `` love is under my will only ) . 
  the dwemer never went to the doubting stage . 
  they said : `` i am a dream , and so is everything around me . 
  it must be an illusion . '', 
  according to socratic philosophy , they possesed false knowledge , since they only assumed . 
  while the assumption might be correct , it is n't the same as understanding , as they never `` sought '' or questioned this knowledge . 
  the dwemer did n't zero-sum . 
  they knew about the dream , and their situation in it , but they did n't understand it . 
  according to vivec , love played a role in this understanding . 
  chim and zero-summing are both results of this love . 
  it is an emotion that drives one to ` feel ' the dream . 
  in case of zero-summing , the lowercase love is better applicable . 
  the person loved the world enough to analyse and search its true meaning but lacked the will to keep existing . 
  a person that has chim has the uppercase love . 
  it is a strong emotion that makes the person in question force himself in existence . 
  also according to vivec , the dwemer were unable of knowing love . 
  if that is because they were inherently opposed to reality is likely , but it is n't answered straightly in the lessons . 
  the other plane ( t ) s are beings of their own , so to some extent , yeah . 
  well , if i do n't see you on the memospore again , my goodbyes again . 
  i 'll be glad to see you back in august !, 
  alternatively , look in the compilation under the header ` dwemer ' . 
  this does only contain apocrypha and explenations , though , and some of the more interesting ideas and answers to the dwemer were submitted in question threads . 
  you are both right an wrong . 
  you are right in saying that the dwemer believed the gods to be unreal because of them being part of the dream ( if anything in the dream can be considered ` real ' is a very philosophical discussion , which is n't really anything that you can give a clear answer to ) .
