  how is it not the same ? 
  all life on nirn has a common ancestor in the ehlnofey . 
  the stronger became sapient , and the lesser animals or plants . 
  the khajiit are ` just ' changed elves . 
  the argonians might be more problematic , but they can become anything when the hist want them to . 
  and wereboars . 
  also , the maormer had been pounding the valenwood and summerset coasts more than those of elsweyr and cyrodiil . 
  i think some maormer territory on the isles was referenced in the pocket guide . 
  i have to recheck that source , though . 
  i do n't think that map is very accurate . 
  high rock and hammerfell would be divided in much more kingdoms , i never heard of the forebears and crowns having states of their own ( i always thought of it as a power struggle within hammerfell itself ) , and i also never heard of skyrim rebels ( or at least an independent region of them ) during the reman empire . 
  yeah , your right , it was his daughter . 
  i kind of disagree with the class structure . 
  the altmer society does rank artists , teachers , and rulers higher than other people , but since they are castes , an altmer is born into this group . 
  he is raised to be a teacher , ruler , or artist . 
  the beautiful ( or at least how i interpreted it ) would want to have a more free class system . 
  anyone can be a ruler , not everyone . 
  ( kind of revolutionary france ) . 
  i like this . 
  i like the idea of mantling being both mythic/literal and physical/figuratively . 
  also , the idea of towers as manifestations of common identity is not nearly used enough . 
  good read . 
  well , i started my holidays today , so i think i might be able to lend a hand ( i 'll be gone friday next week for an entire week , though ) . 
  i do n't know shit about d&d , but i can help with lore advise , if you wish ( mostly about cultural stuff , though . 
  the mythic is kind of mind boggling at times ) . 
  yeah , but the thing is that argonians are n't sapient at birth . 
  i do n't think it makes a difference , but if anything , it should be that . 
  like i said in turok 's thread , i really like the idea of towers being the physical form of a people 's philosophy . 
  like ada-mantia is the one that shaped reality around it , the towers shape the reality of the people ( mythopoeia ? 
  maybe a bit of both ) . 
  i 'm not sure about the end of snow throat , though , but that has been discussed to death already . 
  also , those examples are n't really the point of the theory , i think . 
  the guy that killed uriel septim vii is also an altmer , and a mythic dawn cultist . 
  culture does not mean that all of the people behave the same , just that there are some tendencies and ` average ' behaviour . 
  `` the roles of king and rebel are only clear at the end '' . 
  damn imperials , taking heavy infantry to surprise attack hammerfell , rounding up all the traditionalist and sending them off to gods know where . 
  and all that for living space , godsdamnit . 
  there are two sithises . 
  the real one , which is the unconscious ` hunger ' ( or spirit ) that drives padomay , and that was the first subgradient , along with anui-el for anu . 
  then there is the sithis the dark brotherhood worships , and for whom they kill . 
  the second one is harder to explain . 
  most likely , it is mephala , disguising herself as another deity to keep both the morag tong ( which openly worship her ) and the db in check . 
  sithis is the hunger for change . 
  it is a drive for creativity , to shape things around you . 
  in that extend he can be tied to the amaranth , which dreams his own world , sensory deprived of his surrounding . 
  the sithis of the db is nothing more than a ruse . 
  the imga are nor nearly discussed enough , and this is certainly more than i ever wrote about , so i like it . 
  i do have one point though . 
  you say that they know cultural homogeneity , but what would you make of marukh , the famous leader of the alessian order for a while ? 
  i would n't call him exactly altmer loving . 
  i do n't * think * they have a ruler ( think is keyword here ) . 
  like you said , they are more or less semi-organised radicals , who are more driven by their own radicalisation than by a central figure . 
  sorry , about what ? 
  i mostly drew from what was in the text above . 
  about the stone of snow-throat , you can punch it in the sidebar and see for yourself . 
  manipulating reality is mostly physical here . 
  by killing someone or cutting something , you slightly alter reality . 
  it 's not necessarily mythic , but that distinction is pretty vague in tes . 
  and i managed to get a cpe ... 
  thanks , i 'll look into it after work . 
  in that case , yeah , but sword-singers do n't use that level of technique for every duel , of course . 
  sometimes a smaller action is enough , and that too shapes reality . 
  [ the map released around the time of oblivion shows eastern cities as well ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/file:valenwood_map_oblivion.jpg ), 
  maybe the forest is bigger than just the province ? 
  it could be seen as a extension of the forests of southern elsweyr , or maybe even the west weald . 
  titus did n't really have a choice . 
  during the great war , the legiom had been pushed back and damaged considerably . 
  when the ic was eventually recaptured , the legion was exhausted . 
  titus had to broker a deal , so that he was n't completely wiped out . 
  at least , that is what titus thought . 
  turns out , the thalmor had the same casualties , and were also on the brink of defeat . 
  the dwemer changed the falmer into hulking beasts . 
  the imperials , under the alessian order , were responsible for a genocide of the ayleids . 
  the yokudans used the pankratosword , wiping out an entire continent . 
  the altmer ( supposedly ) kill any newborn child that is ` unpure ' . 
  the sload made a virus that killed a large part of tamriel . 
  the hist also made a virus that was responsible for the extinction of at least two races . 
  the atmorans led a genocide against the falmer . 
  take your picks !, 
  the problem here is that most of these events are way more complicated than simply a hates b. 
  the atmoran genocide only started after the atmorans were sucker punched by the snow elves , and their genocide flooded the dwemer cities with refugees . 
  it 's probably not so easy to say which one is the worst . 
  or giants . 
  it has elves , orcs , men . 
  yup , rip-off . 
  exactly . 
  there have been a lot of horrible events in the history of nirn . 
  the thing is , the aurbis does not know a morale , so every party was completely convinced of their own right . 
  what is the worst just depends on whose side your on , or which story you heard . 
  kind of like in the real world , ey ? 
  [ that is about right ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ), 
  it is a pretty annoying answer to hear , but it is magic . 
  the skeleton is bound either by an active necromancer or by an old spell , and does what he is commanded . 
  it is n't much more than that . 
  well , the last time two met , [ the tongue was throat-punched ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/tiber-septim%e2%80%99s-sword-meeting-cyrus-restless ), 
  according to legend , he spoke with the ghost of alessia . 
  if this is order doctrine or fact , i can not say . 
  still , might have been born out of unease with imga culture . 
  congratulations to slave !, 
  i 'm finally done with school .
