  nah , he was just on a lot of bourbon , coffee , and nicotine . 
  there are the warrior , the thief , and the mage , which seem to be symbolic of the enantiomorph ( king , rebel , observer ) . 
  i think that the guess of it being symbolism and belief is a pretty good one . 
  belief and symbolism are reality more than on occasion . 
  also some nitpicking : `` myth-echo '' is actually a term in literature . 
  it means that a character is based on a myth or deity that does not exist in the tradition the text is written in . 
  just something i wanted of my chest :p, 
  is n't it linked in the post ? 
  or is that one dead ? 
  you could pm him . 
  if you have something that can contain the soul , yes , but that would have major metaphysical rammifications . 
  it means either a spoke or hole is removed from the wheel . 
  what will happen then , i do n't know , but it ca n't be good . 
  that is a task you can not fullfill . 
  turn back now . 
  society has definitly evolved . 
  technological advancement is n't the same as social and philisophical ` advancement ' . 
  if we look at cyrodiil , we see a whole bunch of tribes being united into one state , the alessian empire . 
  this was new in cyrodiil . 
  still , philosophical they were incredibly selfcentred and racist towards elves . 
  this was justified with their history . 
  the open-mindedness of the imperials only started showing with reman , and fully during the septim empire . 
  this was something that happened throughout tamriel , as the orcs were finally seen as fullfledged members of tamrielic society , and groups like the beautiful on the summerset isles , who wanted more contact with the continent . 
  societies and cultures did chance . 
  technology can be important there , but it is n't a necessity . 
  about aldmeris :, 
  most people here would agree that aldmeris is a fictional continent , only present in altmeri belief ( which makes it sort of true , as believe and reality are the same thing ) . 
  this would make the sundering a mythological symbolic event . 
  this leaves three theories : either it is an allusion to the ehlnofey 's fall from divinity ( putting it in the dawn ) , the split of the ehlnofey ( again , dawn era ) , or the fracturing of elven unity , which makes it a gradual process . 
  the different kinds of elf did n't split of in one day . 
  the chimer already found the dwemer inhabiting morrowind when they arrived , and the origin myth of the khajiit mentions them and the bosmer being formed in ( assumingly ) the dawn . 
  bosmeri belief about y' ffre reinforce this . 
  the altmer hold different origins of those two races , though . 
  in times of crisis , the extremes come out on top . 
  yeah , that was me . 
  did n't get a lot of acceptance , but i still stick with it . 
  it did . 
  words of clan mother ahnissi mentions that y' ffe and azura taught the bosmer and khajiit ( respectively ) to hold constant forms . 
  i asumed this had to happen during the dawn , since constant forms were the norm afterwards . 
  it does n't mention convention to my knowledge , which is strange . 
  forgot about that . 
  you 're right . 
  he even mentioned fan-fic literally, 
  you have no love for puns , casuel . 
  as i 'm writing this , i 'm on my way to prague . 
  i probably wo n't post next week , and i do n't know if i have internet there . 
  ~ ~ good week to all , and see you at the next thread . ~ ~, 
  edit : i lied . 
  i do have internet here . 
  the only source i know about that discusses ruptga is the monomyth . 
  it mentions that he was the adversary of sep , and was against the spirits fleeing to the skin-ball ( which does n't really fit with the aka spirits , as they did take part in creation ) . 
  he was also the one that killed sep with his big-stick ( which uesp links to ada-mantia ) . 
  it also mentions that he made the stars as a means of reaching the far shores ( aetherius ) , as well as turning his back to the skin ball ( not as in fleeing , though , but more as being very outspoken about it ) . 
  it does n't mention magicka , time , or the architect of mundus . 
  tall pappa could be a conjugation of magnus and aka , since they do n't appear as independent spirits , which is strange , as they are two of the most important deities . 
  other aedra do seem to have counterparts in the yokudan pantheon . 
  i 'm back again . 
  last night , i got back from a week prague , and immidiatly went to bed . 
  it was great . 
  there is a lot of interesting stuff in and near prague , plus the czech republic is pretty cheap to live in ( and especially for tourists ) . 
  i said i had internet there , but i did n't give much thought about energy and time . 
  what was weird about coming back , was that i had missed all the mh17 news , so when i put on the television , everything was about how the bodies were brought to the netherlands , and how timmermans ' speech went in the un security council . 
  finnaly , cheers to / u / _ slave !, 
  i am , because i 'm pretty certain that 's a penis on my crotch . 
  also , the holly part is me sucking at english when i was eleven years old . 
  `` keep calm and carry on '' is typical for the country . 
  it was how most of us went through the german occupation during wwii . 
  i have n't seen a lot of the country since i just got back , maybe 12 hours ago ( of which ten asleep ) . 
  what i did see , was that all flags ( which are n't that common though ) were half mast , and it is almost the only thing on the news . 
  it also has to do with how the cabinet adressed the issue , which i have to give them credit for . 
  they showed that it is at least important to the country , and it gives us a sense of dignity , as well as mourning . 
  we 'll see how this ends , but it is possible nothing else will change . 
  the numidium appears when and where it appears . 
  it moves through time , breaking it in the process . 
  previous times it was activated by mortals , but some of the timelines do n't add up ( the numidium being trapped during the tiber war untill the fifth era , but popping up in the third ) . 
  it did n't really , to my knowledge . 
  nirn was already collapsing . 
  the numidium was made to destroy reality , as the dwemer thought it to be false . 
  the numidium did , however , also reinforce mundus . 
  it is the little kid that just learned to say `` no '' , but does n't want to leave the things it knows . 
  not that i know , but it has been some time since i read it . 
  talos is and is not lorkhan . 
  talos took lorkhan 's place as the god of men , which normally would see the usurper loose his identity . 
  in talos ' case , chim was invloved . 
  it saw talos bassicaly ego-tripping so hard he could accept himself to be both lorkhan and himself . 
  the two are tied , but loose from eachother . 
  there was a thread not too long ago about what that scene meant . 
  interpretations differ , and you might want to look it up in the sidebar , or looke at / u/rottendeadite his post history ( he was op , if i recall ) . 
  lorkhan always survived through the voidghost and the shezzarines , though . 
  yup . 
  the moons are lorkhan 's severed body . 
  from what we know , none , but that could be the statement of the elder council . 
  as already pointed out , many direct lines from tiber septim were already extinct when uriel vii was crowned . 
  so a direct descendent is probably hard or impossible to find . 
  still , there should be a lot of people having a claim on the ruby throne . 
  it is unknown how many emperors had bastard children or how many lines of younger peers of emperors still survived . 
  besides this , in daggerfall it is clear that the tamrielic nobility is tightly connected , and it is not that far-fetched that there are families in skyrim , high rock and morrowind that can claim septim blood . 
  the main problem is , that after four centuries , it is unclear what is hearsay and what is truth . 
  it is not that strange if a family claims descendance from a important and mythical ruler ( the real-life julius clan of rome claimed descendance from the founders of the city , romulus and remus , which in turn means descendance of the royal family of troy ) . 
  it would be impossible for the council to trace all these bloodlines back , especially since a lot of the ic was damaged during the crisis , and archives might have been destroyed .
