  other than that , very nicely done !, 
  et ` ada ca n't interact with the void , as it is nothingness . 
  it would make the et ` ada cease to exist . 
  i do n't see how the void can seep into creation and mundus . 
  also , would aka being aware of anu as the dreamer not make him zero-sum or achieve chim ? 
  to my knowledge , he did non of both . 
  hmm , the mentioning of the void is strange . 
  mundus , the planes of the aedra , and oblivion are all part of the grey-maybe , not the void ( which is the emptiness that surrounds it . 
  like anon said , the hand is an important symbol in dunmeri culture . 
  other than that , the war paint is possibly nothing more than just war paint . 
  slight miscommunication here . 
  you reffered to empty spaces in oblivion , yes ? 
  i can see the aedra being afraid of that . 
  i use a hammer to correct wrong lore . 
  / r/skyrim , i 'm coming for you next !, 
  not yoir fault , 
  good write-up btw, 
  joost van den vondel was a late 16th/early to mid 17th century dutch playwright . 
  lucifer is a play about the fall of lucifer . 
  it is possible that paradise lost was based of it . 
  morpholith would translate roughly to `` transformed/transforming stone '' . 
  along with the magical properties , and the remarks made in oblivion , i think they are a physical representation of the energy that upholds the portals to oblivion . 
  all war-paint is cultural . 
  but that does not mean it has a deeper and/or religious meaning ( like the hand with the dunmer ) . 
  lore-wise i 'm unsure if this is possible . 
  with alduin defeated ( not dead , though ) , there is no telling if this kalpa will end before mundus is destroyed . 
  game design-wise : that would be quite weak from bethesda , and unexplainable to the general audience , so i think it is fair to say they wo n't . 
  yet , they do not have symbolism , other than being a sign of said culture . 
  the shamrock , for instance , does hold symbolic value , while most of the knot patterns in the book of kells do not . 
  both are representations of irish/gaelic/celtic culture . 
  my earlier statement might not have been phrased right . 
  my point was that there was no symbolics in most paint patterns , aside from ` just ' a representation of culture . 
  i meant as in `` containing symbols with mythic importance , or representing folklore '' . 
  yes , cultural representation is a form of symbolism , but it does not tell stories ( as the hand for instance does ) . 
  well , according to the sword-meetings cyrus had a sort of history with the hist , so he should have met them at least once ( if that included dialogue , i do not know ) . 
  the red moment was in the first era . 
  the nerevarine destroying the heart did not cause a dragon break to our knowledge . 
  my guess is that the prophecy is fulfilled ; alduin has returned and men triumphed over dragon . 
  there is no need for another dragonborn . 
  the happiest moment as a kid , was when i 100 percented ratchet & clank 3 ( is that `` up your arsenal in the us ? ) . 
  took me a long time , too . 
  so i got the award , and i 'm not drunk right now . 
  i call that a win-win . 
  anyways , bit of a boring week for me irl . 
  i got back home at about 2 am sunday , and just spend the week tired . 
  good thing it is the weekend now . 
  also , i got the mass effect trilogy yesterday , so i 'll be spending some time with that . 
  that wo n't explain the fact that litteraly hundreds of settlements disappeared . 
  bioshock infinite is great . 
  i loved the story , and it was originaly told . 
  i loved it so much i perfected it in 1 month , which meant that i actually skipped entire night to kwep playing s :, 
  i started with oblivion , in 2007 , or 2008 . 
  i played it at a friend 's house , and dragged my parents to the store the following day . 
  i do n't know what it is , but i fell in love with it instantly , every now and then i still fire it up again . 
  in hindsight , i think it was best i started with oblivion . 
  i love skyrim for the scenery and feel , and morrowind as a whole , but ( for someone who games for the experience ) i only love oblivion for sentimental value . 
  combat became tedious really quick . 
  experimenting with the vigors was quite fun though ( for the first half an hour ) . 
  i only did lagardia with broken legs . 
  had to crawl all the way to the small base before you enter the hangar , and scavenged every square inch for anything that could heal you . 
  there were some medpacs , but you ca n't reach them with broken legs - . -, 
  first time . 
  heard a lot about it from friends , so i decided to finnaly catch up with them . 
  while most people in tamriel turned to the imperial pantheon , the smaller religious cults still exist . 
  we know that the dunmer are still daedra and ancestor worshippers . 
  also , while the nords turned to the nine divines , they still worship shor , and some of the nordic aspects of the imperial gods ( like kyne and tsun ) . 
  my guess is that , with the rise of the dominion , the altmeri faith grew as well . 
  `` dude , like , what if ... what if ... dude , dude , listen . 
  what if ... this is all a dream ? 
  like , what if ? 
  this shit 's deep , man ... '', 
  i did catch the problems everyone had with the ending of 3 . 
  even i was disappointed , and i still do n't know what it actually was about ( other than the same ending , disregarding earlier choices ) . 
  o i 'm already on it . 
  took me 4 hours to complete the first mission because i scanned every square inch of the map . 
  there was a mention of forgotten altmeri gods ( maybe from the nu-mantia intercept ? 
  i ca n't remember ) . 
  it named one or two gods who lost all of their power due to lack of faith . 
  my moral code is what society demands to be taken as normal . 
  in my opinion , morality is a very stretchable concept , changing with time ( like the general atitude towards honosexuality in northern europe ) . 
  as a member of society , and as a human being , i adhere to what is acceptable in my culture , for it is what i believe is just , because i am also part of my culture . 
  as a westerner , i fully agree that a lot of the moral codes here are originaly christian in nature . 
  but from my point of view , this is a alternating influence between religion and culture ; both influence each other . 
  i 'll be donating tonight during a big , national ... uhm ... thing ( do n't know the word ) since it 'll be easier with payments , as i do n't have a creditcard . 
  it is still great that the mods , the community , and reddit as a whole shows their support to the people hit by this tragic event . 
  it is sundered and bleeding , which do n't equal down . 
  first of , men have always been in tamriel . 
  the protk-atmorans and - yokudans left at some point , and the men that remained became the nedes . 
  but to discus your question : ysgramor was the leader of a small band of atmorans that left because of a civil war on their home continent . 
  if they already worshipped dragons , or if they adopted it after seeing dragons in tamriel , i do not know . 
  what i do know , is that , even if dragon worship existed in atmora , ysgramor would not need their ok to set sail , as he bassicaly was a war refugee . 
  i would adept . 
  it is not easy , and it would not feel right . 
  but to function in a different society , you need to adept , or at least understand their concept of morality . 
  the main point here is , that i believe there is not a single `` right '' moral code . 
  all moral codes are just human constructs , designed to keep their group functioning . 
  the godhead is not really a god in the traditional sense . 
  he does not interact with his world . 
  in his dream ( and possibly some subgradients lower ) the tes universe exists . 
  anu and padomay are the two primordial forces .
