  it is more than ` to become part of them ' . 
  when following a walking way , the mortal , at some point , becomes indistinghuisable from the god , becoming that god ( if it looks lika a god , sounds like a god , feels like a god ... ) . 
  tiber septim ( and thr tribunal for that matter ) are slightly different . 
  they did mantle a divine sphere ( talos that of lorkhan , and the tribunal those of the anticipations ) , but they are still regarded as different entities than the original occupant . 
  to be fair , you write like germany . 
  it takes time , but the quality stays . 
  i write like china . 
  i can shit out easy to write and read things at an almost infinite speed . 
  their goal is n't as simple as ` destroying mankind ' . 
  men are just a complication . 
  it is most likely the thalmor want to undo mundus , by destroying the towers . 
  since those are spread throughout tamriel , they need to reach them all . 
  the ban on talos worship is a bit more complicated . 
  on the surface , it could just be hate for mankind ( who love creation ) . 
  a bit deeper down , the problem is that most of the top of the thalmor still remember tiber septim taking the summerset isles . 
  but , with the destruction of mundus in mind , the main reason is most likely that tiber septim reinforced himself in creation . 
  they hope , that by stopping the worship of him , the mythopoeic forces might wane , making talos sacrifice futile in the end . 
  edit : fucking autocorrect ... 
   i 'm basing this off of the wiki ( http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/third_aldmeri_dominion ), 
  never use the wiki . 
  use uesp instead . 
  the wiki takes everything at face value , and most of the editors do n't know their facts . 
  also , we see in skyrim that not all altmer support the thalmor , and the same applies in the summerset isles . 
  yes , the central organisation of the dominion , the thalmor ( both the social caste , and the institution ) shows racist tendencies . 
  but that is not representative of all the altmer , or all the citizens of the dominion . 
  that happened with talos ( who is actually an oversoul consisting of tiber septim , zurin arctus , and wulfharth ) , but the coc and the ruddy man are now indistinghuisable from sheogorath and molag bal , respectively . 
  brave new world by aldous huxley , from back when science-fiction was still a respectable genre . 
  your skipping over the time-breaking tower with a dwemer skin part . 
  * start self-advertisment *, 
  on the species is a relative easy to read guide to the species . 
  also , you should check the summary on obscure races of nirn , which deals with other species not found on tamriel . 
  * end self-advertisment *, 
  just start reading whenever you have free time . 
  no one here got it instantley . 
  hell , i 've been reading uesp since 2006 , and til since 2010 , and a lot goes over my head as well . 
  give it time , ask questions , read up , and try some writing . 
  we might be a bit cold at times , but we are n't assholes ( or all the regulars are n't , to my knowledge ) . 
  called plot-device, 
   they are pretty close to daedra, 
  while you are right in saying that they are ( almost , mind you ) immortal , they most certainly are not close to daedra . 
  they are ` children ' of akatosh , in that they are lesser shards of the aka oversoul . 
  alduin calls himself the oldest , even though being a shard of a time-god before time was regular does n't make a lot of sense . 
  it either means he is the most important shard , the first one to take shape as a dragon , or it went to his head . 
  seeing how alduin acts , it could be either one . 
  all life on tamriel ( possible exception being the hist ) originated there , and the groups later returned . 
  so the atmorans/nords knew their heritage , or at least had stories about it . 
  it is unclear what the statement exactly means . 
  it could be that it is about an arbitrary line in time between atmoran and nord , wanderer and atmoran , or ehlnofey and wanderer . 
  i always like to assume one of the two latter . 
  it is even rumoured that the freezing happened because the atmorans left . 
  it was futuristic once . 
  i assume the nedes from that period did not yet use chainmail armour ( also seeing that elves do n't use it either ) . 
  that was my reason for saying species of tamriel . 
  frankly , we do n't know the exact origin of the species of akavir . 
  personnaly , i would say they are also descendants of the ehlnofey , but i have nothing to back up this claim . 
  all i can say to proove this , is that there is no species known on akavir which is on-par with the hist , so i say the ehlnofey theory is pretty solid . 
  but , like i said , anything is possible . 
  i 'm not convinced alduin is the stone . 
  firstly , you name the ending of the world as a reason . 
  the problem here is that alduin is the world-eater . 
  when he eats this world , the kalpa ends , and time resets itself to convention . 
  when the towers fail , on the other hand , mundus disolves in oblivion . 
  no more kalpas then . 
  also , mk said on the irc that the stone of snow-throat is ` the cave ' . 
  as of yet we do n't know what it means . 
  i personaly belief that that points towards the eye of magnus ( thinking of the platonian cave ) , but i know that there are other theories out there . 
  myrrlyn , for instance , takes it as referring to jung 's cave . 
  i honestly preferred human revolution over invisible war . 
  hr had a nice story , and the side-quest felt like they mattered ( which they seldom do in games ) , and i feel iw lacked that . 
  the first deus ex is still the best one , of course . 
  hr is more or less an shooter-rpg , moreso than the other two . 
  they scrapped most of the rpg elements ( still more than iw ) , but they sticked with the deus ex themes . 
  it is a pretty game , and fun at least , but it still does n't outshine the original by a long stretch . 
  i feel way too young , now . 
  i do n't like it . 
  anyway , not that surprising , all in all , although i have to say that , iirc , i messed up the fun questions pretty bad ( i suck with names , ok ?! ) . 
  too bad you ca n't read the nationalities anymore , because i was quite interested in those . 
  we know that this is possible , as the tamrielics and akaviri have had much contact in the past . 
  this is probably incredible expensive , though ( i ca n't give estimates , as i have no idea of the purchasing power of the septim ) . 
  also , he does n't necessairily have to settle there . 
  we are talking about an expedition . 
  he might as well just be sightseeing there . 
  the altmer are by no means superior . 
  they have the longest live-span , are superior mages , and excellent archers . 
  on the other hand , they do n't have a mercantile spirit , are physically not the strongest , and would never survive an orc or nord charging them . 
  also , just like what flippers said , the shoddycast videos tend to oversimplify things . 
  as of yet , there are no good lore videos on youtube , as far as i know , so i think it 's best to stick to uesp and in-game/out-of-game texts . 
  look , you can act superior like that , or you can use your fucking brains . 
  of course not everyone here is fluent . 
  this is the internet , public to ( almost ) all . 
  like myrr said , a lot of regulars here are n't native speakers , including me and at least one of the mods . 
  how the hell do you think you have to learn a language ? 
  sit quietly and read books ? 
  there is on report of a monk who zero-summed but left behind some notes in the form of sheet music . 
  the orchestra that performed it zero-summed entirely . 
  i think it is from the nu-mantia intercept , bit i 'm bot so sure . 
  continental europe , represented !, 
   [ at this point all transcription becomes impossible , except by way of sheet music , an orchestration of which was attempted during the reign of [ numinit ] , who , along with everyone else in the symphony 's radial madness , was vaporized by adjacentia . 
  the requisite adachimelic holding-tendrils activated , preventing imperial collapse . 
  this is from ` et ` ada , eight aedra , eat the dreamer ' .
