  the problem is that ehlnofey would not be recognisable to us , since this all took place before/at convention , and was finished afterwards . 
  time then did not flow regular , and it was said somewhere ( i still really want that quote ) that ehlnofey appeared as plants , animals , sentient live , mountains , songs ( very important ) , and sounds ; all at once , and constantly shifting . 
  what happened afterwards that caused their different appearances , i do not know . 
  maybe the selective breeding of the aldmer and altmer helped them in any way , or maybe just evolving in different parts of the worlds caused it . 
  vvardenfell also has a lot of them , and had a thriving mining industry from it . 
  i think most of them would be wearing cheap leather or chain mail armour , but other than that i ca n't imagine anything . 
  i think it is something like lucid dreaming . 
  it can wake you up , but not always ( and you can even train yourself to do it ) . 
  possibly . 
  vvardenfell would be special , though , seeing that that is where the heart actually landed ( and kind of splatted , seeing the distribution of ebony all around the island ) . 
  dunmer are more medium armour types in my opinion , but they are also the kind of people to just kill you any way they can find . 
  they 're practical like that . 
  now of course , i agree with the trail of blood , but it is also on the wrong side of red mountain for that , ergo : it hit the ground hard enough to cause blood splatter, 
  roam uesp and til , read the faq on the sidebar , read some posts in the compilations ( some are easier to start with than others ) . 
  if you still have questions after that , you can just ask them on this subreddit . 
  also , play the games ( especially morrowind , that had a shitload of obscure lore ) . 
  oh , and finnaly , avoid the wikia , that one is infamous . 
  i think mdn 's point of advanced societies holds up better . 
  the nedes were slaves , alright , but the yokudans and atmorans were n't ( they did focus on different forms of magic , namely the sword-singing and thu'um , respectively , though ) . 
  also , the summerset isles might have had a lot of luck with it isolated situation , keeping the elves outside of the conflicts that most races of men were involved with . 
  medieval alchemy focussed solely on gaining gold from other metals ( mostly iron and mercury ) , while tes alchemy is using the magical traits of objects to make potions . 
  while both resolving around ` magic ' , tes alchemy is more like the traditional depiction of witch 's brewing . 
  ` for i have flubed a world with my left flub , but in my right flub is how it could have flubbed against me . 
  flub is under my flub only . ', 
  it 's a fucking black hole , mate . 
  no turning back , and no end in sight . 
  i disagree . 
  the philosopher 's stone might have been a symbol for enlightenment in the greco-roman tradition , but in the arabic and medieval european tradition it became either a catalyst to change lead into gold , or a biblical item to give an incredible longevity , used by the biblical patriarchs . 
  shit , forgot to remove that , gim me a minute . 
  umm , you mean the corners of the house of troubles ? 
  i touched on that . 
  they avoid it . 
  hq did not touch on that , but the nam ** sky ** rim , of course , holds a connection to kyne , an important nordic god , and fabled motger of menkind . 
  elven was hard , and i might revisit it . 
  problem is : they absolutely love aedra , but they do n't seem to recognise all of them . 
  that 's mainly why the note was there . 
  that was my thought , might need to emphasise it more . 
  in real life , different cultures use different tonal scales . 
  i can imagine that due to mythopoeia , for instance the altmeri a ( auri-el ) sounds slightly of for an imperial , who is used to the a from akatosh . 
  this is numidium ? 
  vehkdamn budget cuts ... 
  ^ ^ ^ memory ^ ^ ^ stones ^ ^ ^ not ^ ^ ^ included, 
  i see what you did there, 
  maybe the temple would use that , but music is mostly a thing of the people . 
  i doubt most dunmer would concern themselves with overcoming the house of troubles . 
  i think you are either referring to the note a troll left before he drowned himself , or to the skyrim book ` alduin is not akatosh ', 
  both are developer jokes ( the former more than the later ) . 
  as stated earlier , the dominion would probably employ khajiit , albeit not in the same manner the khajiit would . 
  also , the dominion would most likely use more khajiit than bosmer , as the bosmer have notorious dicipline problems . 
  i agree with ushnad here . 
  while the ayleid did have cities in black marsh , they would not focus on it , since they had their hands full with the slave rebellion in cyrodiil ( in which umaril was a key player ) . 
  also , if the hist wanted information , they would be a bit more tactful than having a argoniab slaughter a bunch of elves , and than ask questions ( with strangely bad grammar ) . 
  nice story , but little to do with established lore , outside of the fact that there is one argonian , umaril , and mentions of the hist . 
  about the language : take in mind that the hist can alter any argonian in any way they want . 
  if they want them to know multiple tenses , they will make them . 
  you mean the rosseta stone-like thing in skyrim ? 
  that script is falmeri . 
  it is said ysgramor gave nords writing , but i do n't know of any nordic inscriptions . 
  futhorc was the anglo-saxon runic script , but futhark ( both elder and younger ) was present throughout most germanic areas in europe . 
  i like the quick answer-respond style , it feels more natural than `` then he said x , to which he responded y , etc. '' . 
  still , i think these post might fit better on the storiesoftamriel ( ca n't recall the exact name might be wrong here ) subreddit . 
  this does not really explain or shape existing lore , which is the goal of this subreddit . 
  storiesoftamriel is a subresdit dedicated to fan stories set in the elder scrolls universe . 
  only fitting that he had to destroy himself . 
  ( ooc : you really hate that mod , do n't you ? ), 
  [ * you must be new here * ] ( / / #fargoth ), 
  [ * confirmed * ] ( / / #lore ), 
  [ * dafuq did you just say to me ? 
  i 'll remember that, 
  this is very important . 
  khajiit answer ( kind of ) to the altmer because they are grateful for he return of the moons , but the control over the two states is just a formality . 
  khajiit simply do n't care about politics , because they feel that shifts of power and policies are temporary , and in no way representable for them . 
  they hate them for more reasons than the dunmer . 
  thay are daedra worshippers , and curse by daedra , like the dunmer , but they are also more primitive , while the altmer love civilisation . 
  what altmer and dunmer do have in common is the ancestor worship , although altmer link that to their ascended ancestors ( auri-el , trinimac , phynaster ) , while the dunmer worship clan fathers and individuals of great excellence . 
  [ * you wan na try me , mothervehker ? 
  you can sip on my bonbon anytime , big boy , 
  this is mostly due to game limitations . 
  since most systems wo n't be able to support a world the size of daggerfall with the quality of skyrim , and bethesda does not habe the time and funds to make them , all games since morrowind have been scaled down . 
  with the amount of towns in daggerfall , a game like skyrim would be absolutely crowded , and not rural enough as stated in the lore . 
  so the smaller and less important towns are cut from the game . 
  this is perfectly discussable for this subreddit . 
  to answer your question : no . 
  the ldb is not immortal , and will die like any other mortal . 
  also , there will not be a future dragonborn . 
  this is the last one . 
  last means last , not `` until a future one appears '' . 
  also : not to be an asshole , but / r/skyrim lore theories tend to be proper asspulls . 
  that would only apply to any area hit with a dragon break after the first two games . 
  while this could apply to high rock and hammerfell ( which it does , a lot of towns got destroyed during the warp , and there was a major loss of life ) , there are no further dragon breaks that we now of . 
  because the dragonborn is n't a dragon . 
  they have either the soul or the blood of a dragon , but they are still mortal ( some say an avatar or aspect of lorkhan , which would make them a champion of mortals ) . 
  a dragon is a shard of the time-god , but the dovahkiin is no such thing . 
  they are mortal . 
  woops , made a mistake in an earlier comment . 
  really only point i have at the moment is the use of the word ` void ' . 
  lorkhan is a padomaic force , who wants change , not emptiness . 
  a god like aka would not make a mistake like that . 
  also , while it fits with the christian epic style you used ( i also advise looking up a translation of vondel 's lucifer for this ) , aka would not refer to anu as lord . 
  maybe father , buy as anu is more or less a primeordial force , and not a god , he would not call him lord .
