  so act mature , and above all have fun . 
  like sordak said , this is a very good question . 
  i 've been looking around , but could find nothing about the moons . 
  the redguards and yokudans do seem to have a basic understanding as to how the aurbis works . 
  according to them , the stars form a path to the fra shores . 
  it can be assumed to mean holes to aetherius , as the far shores and aetherius are often taken together . 
  however , no mentioning of the moons . 
  what is interesting , though , is that sep is dead in yokudan mythology ( unlike shor , for instance ) , so the redguards thinking the moons sep 's body is n't that farfetched . 
  not attested but plausible . 
  there are very few sources that deal with the training of sword singers . 
  [ this book ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:from_the_memory_stone_of_makela_leki ) is one of the few that mentions some things . 
  from the fragments , it is safe to say that the training at least involved learning the stories from your elders , studying the book of circles , which deals with swordmanship , strategy , and behaviour , and the walk about , to finish ones training . 
  [ it is entirely possible that there were many more elements to the training . 
  in the sword meeting with vivec it is shown that it is more a question of memorisation than of natural swordmanship . 
  as a result , i think kata 's are incredibly important , where a sword-singer tries to memorise the grip , stance , and stroke , both mentally and physically . 
  furthermore , i think that , after the walk about is finished , a sword singer is left to his own regime and introspection , trying to create new techniques , form a shehai , and train younglings . 
  ] ( #conjecture ), 
  the `` sithis '' the dark brotherhood worships is not the real one . 
  the real sithis is an unconcious `` hunger '' that drives padomay . 
  the sithid the dark brotherhood worships is most likely mephala pretending to be the dread father , to expand her sphere of influence . 
  i 'm pretty certain the plane ( t ) s of the aedra are visible in the night sky , just not recognisable as such ( irl , we can see a few planets as well , but they are normally only distinguishable from stars by the trained eye ) . 
  i do n't think the daedric realms are visible , because they are not part of mundus ( the void in between the bodies of mundus is also oblivion , btw ) , but i 'm not very sure on this . 
  fafaik they have n't , and i 'm quite confident on this . 
  the aedra are more or less unconscious . 
  there is n't a complete lack of influence , as ama nin ( a character in morrowind ) is an avatar of her . 
  the avatar of akatosh , however , was due to his essence being present in the amulet , which was shattered before his appearance . 
  i do n't think the aedra gave literal pieces to mundus , but more fragments of their power , and were involved in its creation . 
  it is . 
  the imperial and aldmeri void navy both entered it that way , iirc, 
  they would . 
  the appearance of planets is a false mortal perception . 
  all realms ( with the exception of nirn ) are infinite in size , suspended in a infinite realm of oblivion . 
  because infinity is incomprehensible for mortals , their minds try to fit in a different form . 
  the closest equivalent would be a sphere , i.e. 
  `` planet '', 
  oblivion and mundus are n't the same plane . 
  all planets are different planes , but both part of a `` overplane '' . 
  because all these realms would be infinite , interdimensional would be ok to say . 
  the avatar of a daedric prince and his realm are both parts of the prince . 
  they are both the prince in its full glory , yet still parts of it , if that makes sense . 
  normally , et ` ada would be completely immortal , and impervious to any type of physical damage . 
  every daedra that would appear physically is a vehicle for the essence of the creature . 
  this essence is always preserved and indestructible . 
  technically , this also applies to the aedra and mortals , but due to the events of creation , the aedra are damaged in their essence ( becoming unconscious ) , and mortal essences ( souls ) are recycled through the dreamsleeve , stripped of knowledge and experience . 
  it 's still inconclusive . 
  some say in aetherius , but due to lrokahn 's / shor 's ties to mundus , this seems unlikely . 
  others say the moons ( being lorkhan 's dead body ) . 
  there appear to be some problems with that theory , but i 'm unsure about the details . 
  [ personally , i think it is part of the dreamsleeve . 
  seeing that it contains souls , which would normally be recycled and reborn , seems paradoxical . 
  what i believe , is that it is a mythopoeic construct . 
  people believe in this form of afterlive , and thus it exists . 
  the souls present there are purely mythopoeic constructs of the hero 's that are still alive in the minds of the nords . 
  that is why there are only the old hero 's and the newly departed , not bill that died hundreds of years ago in a skirmish between morrowind and skyrim when he saved will and sam . 
  ] ( #conjecture ), 
  `` 2920 , sun 's dawn '' mentions a nord named welleg being a member , and him being instructed by sotha sil , a chimer/dunmer . 
  it is unclear if sotha sil was a member himself , or just a visiting teacher , but a reference of a nord is interesting . 
  it should be noted that 2920 is historical fiction , but it 's still likely that the members were n't purely altmer . 
  i could n't find anything on recruitment , though . 
  mds pls ben, 
  it is hard to find sources on hircine worship in valenwood . 
  they are pretty much on the same page as most other elves when it comes to creation and daedra , but it is n't entirely out of the question . 
  what is interesting , though , is that the bosmer are more tolerant towards other cultures and beliefs ( indifferent might be a better term ) . 
  while imperials would shun a daedra worshipper , and altmer might openly hunt them , bosmer leave them be . 
  under the aldmeri dominion , things might be different . 
  at few times did valenwood have a strong central government , and still then most bosmer ignored it , giving the dominion ample room to maniphest themselves . 
  this is likely why it is illegal at the time of eso . 
  sermon 22 ( iirc ) deals with vivec being the night mother . 
  it is unclear if he is the night mother of the morag tong ( older tradition , if i 'm not mistaken ) , or the db . 
  also , do n't mind the gender thing . 
  daedric princes are genderless , and vivec is both . 
  the difference lies in intention and specifics . 
  hircine learns others to change appearance ( or forces that change ) to raffle in the hunt . 
  it is an accomplishment , something to be proud of , and take pride in . 
  y' ffre teaches an original shape from the dawn era , as a final ace up the sleeve of the bosmer . 
  it is a degenerate form , and the uncontrollable fury is something to despise , but it is sometimes necessary . 
  most of the hate stems from their history . 
  the nordic empires tried to invade hammerfell multiple times , and the redguards had resented the empire for a long time , which the nords almost immediately embraced . 
  also , there are very important differences between the redguards and the nords , of which their views towards creation is one of the most important . 
  the reguards see it as a trap by sep , the nords as a blessing by shor . 
  edit : spelling, 
  the ldb has a piece of akatosh in them , but is n't purely aka , as they are still mortal . 
  where the ldb goes is up to the player , and the politics in oblivion at the time . 
  the onky thing for certain is that nocturnal gets first dibs , because she is the ur-dra , the oldest spirit . 
  the aedra , being practically dead , will get last . 
  ok , to get it straight : you say that there technically are n't barriers between the different plane ( t ) s , but that , due to the infinite size of anything except for mundus , travel would be impossible ( infinite time , infinite amount of energy , etc. ) . 
  right ? 
  there should n't be barriers between the bodies of mundus , at least . 
  they are visible , so light is able to go straight , and we know about the imperials , altmer and khajiit going to the moon ( and a stray redguard ) . 
  which brings me to the second point : infinity . 
  there is an infinite amount of space between two bodies , and both bodies are infinite in size ( mundus being the exception ) . 
  however , space travel ( or void travel ) is not impossible . 
  the imperials held a permanent base on masser , and the khajiit had made a colony on secunda ( if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  also , the imperial and aldmeri void navies were able to enter aetherius through a star , so they were able to bridge that space . 
  how they did it , i do n't know . 
  magic is a bit of an easy answer , but it is the only thing i can think of . 
  i meant that it was n't a simple spell , or a magic portal , or the likes . 
  i should 've been clearer . 
  the only source i can think of that deals with how a voidship works is `` tiber septim 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless '' . 
  it lists a couple of commands the captain shouts to his sailors .
