  an example : i am a native speaker of dutch , and grew up in the netherlands . 
  i speak dutch with a rotterdam accent , and often use local terms when talking with others . 
  while rotterdam ( the second biggest city of the netherlands ) is often associated with heavy , low-wage industry , crime , poverty and `` ugly '' architecture , the accent has become more popular under young people from the city in the past 10 years . 
  in part this has to do with the fact that the inhabitants of the city tend to be very proud of the city ( often the multi-cultural nature of the city and the direct , no-bullshit attitude of the people living there is valued ) , but another factor is that its speakers use this accent to distinguish themselves from the `` rich and arrogant '' from other dutch cities , especially the hague ( the political centre , which has a class divide so big that dutch has two words for inhabitants of the city ) and , even more especially , amsterdam ( the biggest city in the netherlands and the capital , and a city with which rotterdam has a bitter rivalry ) . 
  when you want to stop feeling ashamed about your dialect or language , it is important to think about which kind of people would use it , and focus on the redeeming factors . 
  ever since i moved away from rotterdam , i 've been cultivating ( consciously or not , i 'm not really sure ) my dialect somewhat , since i feel that the directness and the `` honesty '' of the way people interact in my home town is a good thing . 
  another thing you might want to focus on is that in attitude tests regarding dialects , dialect speakers are often ranked more sympathetic and trustworthy than people who speak in the standard variation or use a prestige form . 
  it was something mentioned during my socio-linguistic courses , and i should look up the actual research done on that ( although these types of research often do n't ask for a reason , as people often ca n't give a real reason and act on a feeling ) . 
  it probably has to do with the informal nature of dialects . 
  people tend to use standard or prestige variants in formal settings , which often revolve around socially accepted ` rituals ' and behaviour . 
  dialects and other ` sub-standard ' forms of language are used in more informal settings , and are probably deemed as more ` from the heart ' than standard speech . 
  again , i should look up the actual research done on this if i get around to it , but like i said , often people judge these things on feeling , and ca n't give a valid reason for judging in the way they do . 
  the only reason i can see for religious teaching in schools is for cultural and historical purposes . 
  ireland 's history and culture is tied to catholicism , and understanding literature and art seems pretty much impossible without an understanding of christianity . 
  if a majority of the population is christian , though , they 'd probably get that taught at home or sunday school , though . 
  as a dutch person that grew up in rotterdam ( at a 10 minute bike ride from parkzicht ) , i am really disappointed in this hardcore . 
  did n't they once found a prinsenvlag at a pvv office ? 
  [ bees `` talk '' by making a dance ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfdgpgxtk-u ) . 
  when they return from a food source , they waggle in a 8-shape . 
  the orientation and length indicate where the food source is relative to the hive and the sun . 
  i thought adrian goldworthy 's biography * caesar , life of a colossus * was pretty good , but i am in no way an expert . 
  i think goldworthy mentioned that caesar eventually took pity on the pirates and slit their throats before crucifying them . 
  seems to work in the netherlands as well . 
  and when it is n't too tight when sitting , you need a better fitting suit . 
  i think the bible has something against mind-expanding substances ( although alcohol is ok ) . 
  in the case of this decision : historically , the dutch christian-democrats ( or ` confessionelen ' in dutch ) have been the conservative side of the political spectrum . 
  things have recently been shifting a bit , though , and the christian-democrats have been decimated in the past elections . 
  what would be those individual cases ? 
  and do you have some general moral framework to judge these cases by ? 
   there are no valid remains of their language, 
  there are still place names you can look at , like all places with * dun * or * dunum * in the name in this case . 
  this has been a good season for rotterdam in general . 
  it 's also similar to dutch `` welk ( e ) '' and german `` welch ( e ) '' , so i guess it is a general germanic thing . 
  cda is more or less secular , cu is stricter in teaching , and the sgp takes the bible as law . 
  he seems to be regarded as some kind of god , yet he existed in physical form , aiding the slaves during their rebellion against the ayleids . 
  was he really divine , or is that just a mythical aspect , created during thousands of years of retelling the tale ? 
  hello , and thank you for purchasing the first volume of `` on the species of tamriel '' !, 
  during this multi-part set of analisations of the various traits and characteristics of the various species of our beautiful continent ( which , at time of writing ( 20th of sun 's height , 4e3 ) is on discount at first edition in the imperial city ) , i will take you on journey throughout tamriel , helping you understand the species inhabiting her . 
  before analyzing the exact heritage of each and any intelligent species of tamriel , both extant and extinct ( where enough information is available ) , it is important to understand the common root they all share ( notable exceptions being the hists and the argonians of black marsh ) . 
  and to even begin understanding the common root , we need to take a look at the creation of nirn and mundus itself . 
  according to the legends , lorkhan envisioned mundus when looking at the wheel of aurbis . 
  after convincing some of the et ` ada to help him create it , they positioned mundus at the center of said wheel . 
  however , as we all know , lorkhan was at this point already known as a trickster , and the other et ` ada quickly lost faith in him . 
  most of them abondened mundus , but not all . 
  these that remained , known as the ehlnofey , gave up most of their ` godly ' power to stabilize mundus . 
  some of them became the earth bones , laws of nature , used to stabilize the physics of mundus , yet others settled the newly created world of nirn as mortals , along with the hist . 
  as in almost all civilisations , not all of them agreed , and those left the homeland of the ehlnofey , becoming known as the wanderers . 
  eventually , the friction between the wanderers and the old ehlnofey sparked a full out war . 
  the exact details of the war are unknown , and we will probably never know the exact form of it . 
  however the results are known to be huge destruction throughout nirn , shaping most , if not all , of its continents and oceans . 
  the hist , interestingly , remained neutral in this conflict ( as is their nature ) . 
  alongside the reshaping of nirn , the war also finalised the split between the old ehlnofey and the wanderers . 
  according to the myths , the old ehlnofey remained on their homeland of ( the possible fictional ) aldmeris , becoming the ancestors of the mer ( or the elves , as they are more commonly referred to in cyrodiil ) , while the wanderers roamed throughout tamriel , and later settling the other continents , to become the ancestors of men . 
  * editor 's note : the argonians are not mentioned in this list , as they sprout from the hist , and not the ehlnofey . 
  * ( real world ) editor 's note : i am in not an expert on lore , and not very familiar with the exact origin myths of mundus ( i find those mostly confusing ) . 
  so if there are any inconsistencies , please state so in the comments so i may edit it . 
  furthermore , if people like it , i will create more volumes . 
  * welcome back to the second part of this summary of the intelligent species of tamriel . 
  this issue is designed to give a rounder background to the elven inhabitants of our continent , and to explain where they came from . 
  with out further ado : the second part of this encyclopedia . 
  even though not much is known about the aldmer , i will include them anyway , as they are of incredible importance , both for the modern day merkinds , and the rest of tamriel . 
  the aldmer are believed to be direct descendents of the old ehlnofey ( as explained in the first volume ) , and are said to have lived on the mythical continent of aldmeris ( see note 1 ) . 
  the aldmer were probably the first technologically and magickally sophisticated race on nirn . 
  not much is known about their biology , though they most likely resembled the modern day altmer , since they take pride in their heritage and are rumoured to do selective breeding to retain these traits ( seeing the lack of actual information about aldmeri appearance , we can not say how well they managed ) . 
  even though the limited accounts , we can deduct some physical traits of the aldmer by looking at the extinct and extant races of mer we know more about : they most likely had the same pointed ears as all the elvenkinds , as well as a respectable longevity , compared to the races of man . 
  alongside these visible aspects , they probably had a strong affinity to magicka , which was strong enough to still be present in the bretons of high rock , who are descendents of the aldmer and their nedic slaves . 
  there is a bit more , yet still little , known about the culture of the aldmer . 
  one of the few things known for certain are the facts that they spoke aldmeris ( in their tongue , aldmer means ` elder ' or ` old people ' ) , and that they hated lorkhan intensely , as they blamed him for turning them mortal . 
  instead , they focused on worshipping the aedra , which takes the form of ancestor worship seeing the trends in altmeri magickal and technological advances , it is likely that the aldmer also pursued attaining immortality again . 
  the aldmer most likely had , seeing the modern day altmer culture , a very strict and hierarchically society . 
  besides being very prominent mages and scientists , the aldmer appeared to be excellent archers as well . 
  some aldmeri bows have been found by archaeologists , which , according to some , are still deadly . 
  at some point in time , the aldmer presumably left aldmeris ( see note 1 ) and stranded on the summerset isles , unable to find their way back . 
  from there on out , they spread across tamriel , changing in the present day merkinds . 
  note 1 : the existence or past existence of aldmeris is debatable . 
  it is advised to regard aldmeris as a metaphor for the time when the elves were not yet divided , and it most likely denotes a cultural unity . 
  in this light , the aldmer leaving aldmeris might be interpretated as the aldmer experiencing the first cracks in their society , or the fact that they felt themselves getting further and further away from their divine history . 
  * welcome back to the third volume of `` on the species of tamriel '' . 
  this will be the first which deals with species still alive , in this case the altmer . 
  the altmer ( meaning `` old '' or `` high/noble people '' in their own tongue ) , or high elves , as they are primarily known outside of the elven provinces ( in this case , `` high '' does n't necessarily denote noble or civilized , and is mostly used to refer to the arrogant and snobby attitude that some of them express towards the other races of tamriel ) , are a tall and gold-skinned race of elves from the summerset isles . 
  they are considered to be the most like the common elven ancestor , the aldmer ( see volume ii for notes on this ) . 
  they are well known for their incredible expertise with magic and their art , sometimes regarded as the height of culture . 
  the altmer are easily distinguishable , even for the untrained eye , as they are easily the tallest people in tamriel , surpassing even the nords of skyrim , towering over the other races , and having a yellow/golden skin colour . 
  along these remarkable traits , they also share the more common elven traits , namely pointed ears , a slender build , a respectable longevity , and a very strong affinity towards magicka . 
  this affinity is , however , so strong , that they not only are better spell casters and mages , but are also more vulnerable to it . 
  an other interesting characteristic is that , even though they keep their gene pool small on purpose ( to appear more like their ancestors ) , they still have a heightened resistance to most diseases . 
  historically , the altmer have long resented the empire , as they see the other races as inferior , and find themselves isolated of the matters of the mainland on their own islands . 
  even though they did not take part in most of the early conflicts and problems of tamriel , they were n't completely untroubled . 
  indeed , the altmer have more than one time saved tamriel from invasions ( not out of care for the other species , but out of the fact that they were the first target ) , like the sloads and the maormer , along with some internal conflicts . 
  during these wars , the altmer grew tired of the attacks , and formed an alliance with the bosmer of valenwood , called the aldmeri dominion . 
  this helped defend the summerset isles , but could not stand against the armies of tiber septim . 
  in 2e 896 , the summerset isles were incorporated into the empire , after the numidium was used to crush the altmeri armies . 
  they remained part of the empire until 4e 29 , when , some years after taking power of the summerset isles and renaming it alinor ( after the capital ) , the thalmor , a political , altmeri supremacist , group , seized control of valenwood , severed all ties with the empire , and renamed the two united provinces to ` the aldmeri dominion ' , after the historical union . 
  during the next 150 years , the aldmeri dominion accepts the remains of elsweyr , and invades cyrodiil and hammerfell , which leads to the sacking of the imperial city and the signing of the white-gold concordat , further sundering the already waning power of the empire . 
  after the concordat , the thalmor could be found throughout the remains of the empire , fortifying their power and trying to destroy any form of talos worship . 
  the altmer culture is noted for it 's focus on magicka and art . 
  like mentioned beforehand , their art is regarded at the height of culture , and they are known to even ornate their armour and weapons ( mostly with avian themes ) . 
  alongside the strong artistic traditions , they are known as some of the best mages and magickal researchers on tamriel . 
  indeed , some of the most well known magickal organisation find their origin on the summerset isles , including the psijic order and the mages guild . 
  alongside this , some of the archmages of the mages guild and imperial battlemages were altmer , most notably ocato of firsthold , battlemage , trusted advisor of uriel septim vii , high chancellor of the elder counsil and potentate of the empire .
