  this are n't the things that a nobleman/knight/lucky warrior have to deal with , though . 
  i 'm back from my long abscence !, 
  so , over the past two and a half weeks , i 'd been doing the introduction of my new student association , which did cost me most of my time . 
  now i 'm finally back home , and have some time for myself ( or my study , mostly ) . 
   talos is an ancestor of the nords, 
  i know the nords do refer him as one of theirs ( how controversial that theory might be ) , but as ancestor ? 
  if anyone , the imperials see him more in that light , and then more as a `` father of the fatherland '' . 
  this sermon seems to be heavily focussed on the constellations , so it might refer to the warrior , mage , and thief . 
  lie rock was an intruder in heavens , so it does n't seem that strange that they wanted it gone . 
  they also already blessed the hortator , the prot\u00e9g\u00e9 of vivec . 
  i ca n't really explain the use of ` black ' here , though . 
  sure , the heavens are black , but when referring to constellations , i would use anything but ` black ' . 
  like others have said , the reasons redguards refer to hammerfell as such is probably because you only speak tamrielic with them . 
  maybe there is a different yoku name , but that would n't pop up in conversation ( much like how a welshman would probably not throw in cymru when talking about his country in english ) . 
  also , remember that they only arrived in hammerfell when the name already existed . 
  it would n't be strange that they adopted the name already in use ( much like the real life english adopted the name britain for the island , which is way older than any anglo-saxon settlement there ) . 
  congrats to felineerotica !, 
  i have passed all my courses for my first university block , which means i have some time for myself ( or for work and stuff , most likely ) . 
  i hope to push out some stuff that has been lying around too much , but now that i look at it , i think i should start from scratch again ... 
  anyway , good week to all of ye . 
  all i remember was that i woke up with some really sore apertures . 
  it is mostly considered a tower because it is outright mentioned as one in the nu-mantia intercept ( or , at least , walk-brass is , but the link is obvious ) . 
  still , this is a lazy answer , so we should look at what a tower is and does . 
  towers are structures that support reality . 
  while numidium does not appear to do that , it is interesting to note that jubal could only reach amaranth ( and letting go of his past and world ) after he destroyed the numidium in c0da . 
  another thing about towers i like to think is that they are the manifestations of a philosophy of a people . 
  since we know little of the construction of towers , this is hard to proof , though . 
  let 's look at white-gold . 
  we know it was build by the ayleids , and the nu-mantia intercept ( letter 8 ) mentions :, 
   like all of the polydox constructs of the earliest aldmer -- whatever their abnegaurbic creed -- white-gold tower is a conduit of creatia , aad sembia sembio , built to bring about a reversal of the congealing spiritual bleed caused by the convention . 
  in other words , it was a focus point for ( re - ) reaching the divine . 
  white-gold tower was made by the ayleids , the heartland high elves that would have none to do with their isle-kind . 
  where the altmer sought to focus on dracochrysalis , or keeping elder magic bound before it could change into something lesser ( and act which ironically required aetherial surplus ) , the ayleids harvested castaway creatia from oblivion by entering a pact with the masters of the void , the princes of misrule . 
  we also know from dialogue in oblivion that white-gold served a purpose in the ancestor worship of the ayleids . 
  in short , it was designed as a symbol and conduit for ayleid believe ( descendants of the gods , trying to find a way back ` up ' ) . 
  it is also interesting to note that the ayleid hegemony fell with white-gold during the alessian rebellion ( which might be a bit of whisful thinking on my part ) . 
  another tower we know something about is crystal-like-law ( crystal tower , summerset isles ) . 
  it is briefly mentioned in the pge , third edition :, 
   when the aldmer came together as a people to create the crystal tower , it was not a monument to any king or god , but rather to the spirit of the elven people , living and dead . 
  it should be noted , however , that the pge is notoriously inaccurate , especially about altmer , but it is still an interesting quote , nonetheless . 
  now what does this say about numidium ? 
  we know that numidium was build by the dwarfs as a means of escaping reality . 
  dwarven philosophy does not recognise the surrounding world as real , and seeks to escape the dream . 
  numidium was this tool . 
  however , being created as a manifestation of the philosophy of a people ( and bound to the heart of lorkhan ) made it bound to mundus itself . 
  it became another tower of one of the races of nirn . 
  numidum is a child that just learned to say ` no ' , and it chose to say that against everything and everyone . 
  however , being a child , it needs its mother , mundus , and can not exist without it . 
  is almsivi a tower , though ? 
  are they necessary for upholding mundus ? 
  that tower is from ifw 's own world-building project . 
  why they are all build by elves is unknown , and some are a bit dubious . 
  red mountain and ada-mantia were made by the divines , for instance . 
  it should be noted that up untill the alessian rebellion , the elves were the hegemonial force in tamriel . 
  while i do n't live in the us , in my surroundings ( the netherlands ) , we know he is a conservative , and that is enough to think he was bad . 
  congrats to kurufinve !, 
  i have been a bit more involved with discussion than in the past few weeks ( which means i commented two times ) , and i missed it . 
  instead , i 've been busy with work and cleaning the bar at my student association , since i have been picked for bar shifts !, 
  yeah !, 
  anyway , that will probably take a lot of time and energy from me , and i have been procrastinating writing , which feels strange . 
  also , i picked up civilization beyond earth . 
  i like it , but i hate that culture is downgraded so much . 
  i always liked those victories best ... 
  to be fair , it was the doctor who told him the whole watergate thing was a good idea . 
  you 're not trying hard enough . 
  [ p ^ h j\u0251\u02d0n 'd \u0252n\u025b\u026a\u032fj\u0251\u02d0 ], 
  i 'm not going in depth to the dovahkiin part , but i will try to explain the relation between dragons , alduin and akatosh . 
  the important thing here is that none created the other . 
  all of the time-spirits are parts of aka , the time-oversoul . 
  during creation , the oversouls of the aedra became fractured , and aka got the worst of it , since he later also body-slammed mundus to call convention . 
  this caused many small time-dragon shards to fly around mundus . 
  the strongest ones became the time-gods , who still held some potency over their sphere . 
  due to a process called mythopoeia ( believe makes reality ) , these shards became the different time gods we know today ( akatosh is sort of an exception , as he was created when the marukhati selective mantled the aurbis , but that is a different clusterfuck altogether ) . 
  the dragons were lesser shards , and as such could be subjugated by a stronger shard ( alduin ) . 
  in short , aktosh did n't create dragons or alduin , but they all were created at the same ` time ' more or less . 
  also , alduin is n't really the destruction of the world . 
  he is a reset button with very big fangs . 
  when he devours the world , it is reset to the moment of convention , and starts over again . 
  during the middle dawn , the marukhati selective ` moved like them until they moved like you ' . 
  the aurbis is music , and moving like music is dancing . 
  the quote / u/taxusbaccata posted below reinforces this . 
  becoming the universe themselves , they could change akatosh ( or whatever time-god was before him ) into what they wanted . 
  yes, 
  as i see it ( and i have n't really looked in depth to it ) , this only includes texts from the games and ( what i think are ) direct observations . 
  most people ( the vast majority of this subreddit , including me ) accept out-of-game texts as sources as well , most notably forum posts by ( ex - ) developers . 
  this includes stories , roleplays , and general remarks made , be it in character or not . 
  still , though , there are communities where those texts are n't seen as ` canon ' ( an entirely different discussion which i wo n't start here ) , like uesp , for instance . 
  til has a lot of them sorted somewhere , but it has been a while since i used that function , and i 'm on my phone now . 
  they do n't have everything ( return false is n't in there , for instance ) . 
  if you want the remainder of those texts , you 'd have to specifically search for them on bgsf . 
  fan-made texts or irc conversations which have some following are even harder to find . 
  some users have the irc logs , so you could ask them when something pops up . 
  we 're cool , man . 
  there is also the obvious reference to sword-singers , which is again a nod to the role of music in tes . 
  i always took as a homophone to ` dwarf ' , but i sort of like this better . 
  it also fits in with the fact that the elven names of the elven races are based on real words . 
  `` reach heaven by violence '', 
  hmm , wiktionary names the proto-indo-european * dwimr\u0105 ( vapour , smoke ) as the root word for dweomer , and * d\u02b0wer - ( harm , decieve ) as the pie root for dwarf . 
  on the page for * d\u02b0wer - , it says it is actually the root word for `` door '' . 
  none mention any citation , though .
