  from `` from the memory stone of makela leki '' :, 
   it was alive . 
  alive with fire . 
  it formed in my hand . 
  ablaze with power [ . ], 
  now this might purely be metaphorical , but it could point towards actual light coming from the shehai . 
  the left hand is easier to place . 
  there is a scene in `` lord vivec 's swordmeeting with cyrus the restless '' , in which cyrus receives a memory stone with sword-singer techniques from a yokudan priest . 
  with the stone under his pillow , cyrus falls asleep , and awakes the next morning , now putting his sword in his left hand . 
  it seems the left hand held importance for sword-singers . 
  another reference to the left hand , but not in ( direct ) connection to sword-singing , namely from the 36 lessons of vivec . 
  from sermon 1 :, 
   for i have crushed a world with my left hand , ' he will say , ` but in my right hand is how it could have won against me . 
  love is under my will only . ', 
  it seems to imply that the left hand is involved with destruction of things ( which fits pelinal really well ) . 
  another quote from the sermons seems to enforce this . 
  from sermon 10 :, 
   the evoker shall raise his left hand empty and open , to indicate he needs no weapons of his own . 
  the coming forth is always hidden , so the evoker is always invisible or , better , in the skin of his enemies . 
  pelinal does have a need of weapons , but yet again it seems to imply that the left hand is connected to destruction , this time a lot more subtle than in sermon 1 . 
  i myself am hesitant to immediately yell `` pelinal = ansei '' , and it is more likely that they share similar symbolism and themes . 
  the left hand reference seems to be wider , at least ( although the aforementioned swordmeeting seemed to imply vivec had involvement with yokuda ) . 
  after this short introduction into the symbolism of the left hand , let 's get back to the text at hand :, 
   he was pelinal the bloody , for he [ drank ] it in victory ;, 
  this shows a bit more gruesome side of pelinal , and it might be a prelude to his madness , which has a whole volume for it . 
  square brackets are generally used in scholarly translations to indicate editorial editions , used when the text is either eligible , or if the construction used in the text is impossible to translate literally into the other language ( i.e. 
  `` drank '' is implied due to other things in the original language , but not in english/tamrielic ) . 
  it could be nothing , and simply used to imply the antiquity of the text , or it could imply something else . 
  i rather go with the first one , but again , without the text in its actual language , it is impossible to say . 
   he was pelinal insurgent , because he gave the crusades a face ;, 
  pelinal was one of the most notable figures of the slave rebellion . 
  a comment by mk implied that he ` ate ' ( the quotation marks were in the original comment ) the other heroes , which could imply character merging , which is a common thing in texts originating from an oral tradition . 
  this means that the feats of pelinal were performed by multiple people , but , due to pelinal being the prime figure , all these feats were attributed to him . 
  this was mostly done in order to make a story easier to remember or better accessible . 
  this excerpt seems to imply that pelinal was indeed the primary figure , even more so than alessia . 
   he was pelinal in triumph , as the words eventually became synonymous , and men-at-arms gave thanks to the eight when they saw his banner coming through war ;, 
  pelinal was only defeated at the end of the rebellion by umaril , after basically performing a one-man genocide throughout cyrodiil . 
  not good for the ayleids , very good for the nedes . 
  it is interesting to note that the text mentions the eight divines . 
  this pantheon was only created after alessia established the throne . 
  assuming these are the eight divines , it is interesting that shezzar is absent , even before the whole middle-dawn mess started . 
  admittedly , this could be due to the retroactive effects of fucking with the god of time . 
   he was pelinal the blamer , for he was quick to admonish those allies of his that favored tactics that ran counter to his , that is , sword-theory ;, 
  as stated earlier , pelinal was a wrecking ball . 
  it is interesting to see that he was calmer with his allies , instead of outright starting a fight . 
  there is no other mention of sword-theory in tes that i could find , but it is clear that he means violent assault . 
  again , this is pretty much the pelinal we know . 
   and he was pelinal the third , though whether this was because some said he was a god guiser , who had incarnated twice before already , or that , simpler , he was the third vision given to perrif , anon alessia , in her prayers of liberation before he walked among the quarters of rebellion , is unknown . 
  this excerpt is interesting . 
  it implies that pelinal is both a shezzarine ( on which the text is extremely careful , avoiding any hard statement on it ( see volume 5 ) ) , and one of the things the gods gave to alessia before the rebellion broke loose . 
  a lot of the song implies pelinal is a shezzarine , as apart from this quote , it also mentions the nordic allies of alessia greeting him as shor , a person being smothered by moths after saying that he was , and of course the shared madness he has with aka ( which will be dealt with later on ) . 
  the text implies two other shezzarines known to the nedes then , of which one is probably hans the fox . 
  the song seems to imply that alessia had received visions of the future from the gods . 
  volume two mentions these visions , namely freedom , morihaus , and , finally , pelinal . 
  the text also mentions ( and which will become more apparent in the analysis of the next volume ) that pelinal did not seem to exist at all before the rebellion . 
  that concludes the first part of this analysis , next up : `` on his coming '' . 
  the second volume of the song deals with how pelinal came to alessia , and how he came into the mortal world . 
   [ and then ] perrif spoke to the handmaiden again ,, 
  perrif is alessia , and in this case , the handmaiden seems to be kyne/kynareth ( although being an imperial myth , kyne is consistently used ) , judging by the rest of the text . 
  normally , in nordic mythology , the handmaiden is mara , as kyne is the wife . 
  i could n't really think of a reason why kyne should be the handmaiden here , other than that her cyrodiilic counterpart is much milder , being a protector deity of nature , than her nordic version , being a vengeful storm goddess . 
   eyes to the heavens which had not known kindness since the beginning of elven rule ,, 
  the ` kindness ' can be multiply interpreted . 
  it could either refer to the fact that kyne is not referred in aldmeri religion ( y\u2019 ffre is the closest thing ) , but it is most likely a way for the imperials/nedes to show that an offense towards them is an offense towards the gods . 
   and she spoke as a mortal , whose kindle is beloved by the gods for its strength-in-weakness , a humility that can burn with metaphor and yet break [ easily and ] always , always doomed to end in death ( and this is why those who let their souls burn anyway are beloved of the dragon and his kin ) ,, 
  alessia was later deified by the divines , but was still a mortal during this time . 
  it also shows a typical human way to look at creation , seeing mortality as a blessing instead of a curse , as most mer do . 
  the `` strength-in-weakness '' seems to be hinted at in certain sermons , as well as in most texts dealing with chim or the amaranth , ( like the fact that vivec was basically the lowest of the low as a mortal , being an androgynous man-whore ) . 
  this form of lowness is what the gods like , it seems , as , even though death is inevitable , a drive to change things is what makes the god love mortals ( i.e. 
  padomaic actions ) . 
  this seems to be not just reserved to aedra , as some daedra also respect ( or are at least slightly curious to ) the way mortals see mortality . 
  from `` spirit of the daedra '' :, 
   man is mortal , and doomed to death and failure and loss . 
  this lies beyond our comprehension - why do you not despair ? 
  so even the daedra seem to respect men to a certain degree , or at least recognise that there is something curious to them , if not more . 
   and she said : `` and this thing i have thought of , i have named it , and i call it freedom . 
  which i think is just another word for shezarr who goes missing ... 
  the following couple of sentences seem to detail the three visions of alessia , as mentioned in the first volume . 
  as stated here , the first is freedom , which alessia links to lorkhan . 
  it is interesting to note that the ehlnofex name for adamantine tower is ada-mantia , which translates to `` spirit-freedom '' , this is of course the place ( and moment ) where lorkhan was punished for his actions . 
  it could be that alessia associates shezzar 's state as missing with a form of freedom . 
   [ you ] made the first rain at his sundering [ and that ] is what i ask now for our alien masters ... [ that ] we might sunder them fully and repay their cruelty [ by ] dispersing them to drown in the topal . 
  kynerath/kyne is lorkhan 's / shezzar 's / shor 's widow . 
  being a sky deity , the rain is thought of as her weeping for her late husband . 
  alessia here expresses her hatred and plan for the ayleids . 
  pretty straightforward , all in all . 
   morihaus , your son , mighty and snorting , gore-horned , winged , when next he flies down , let him bring us anger . '', 
  morihaus , the winged bull , is the son of kyne , and the nephew of pelinal according to the song ( although the composer seems to be a bit sceptical about that in later volumes ) . 
  morihaus is also the second vision given to perrif , and he is one of the champions of the nedes during the rebellion . 
   [ and then ] kyne granted perrif another symbol , a diamond soaked red with the blood of elves , [ whose ] facets could [ un-sector and form ] into a man whose every angle could cut her jailers and a name : pelin-el [ which is ] `` the star-made knight '' [ and he ] was arrayed in armor [ from the future time ] . 
  here pelinal arrives . 
  while a lot of this language is figurative , we do know that pelinal was a robot ( no , really ) . 
  this line , however , does seem conflicting with the line from the first volume mentioning that he already had white hair in his youth . 
  this part also implies that pelinal is at least to some extend related to the amulet of kings , which was given to alessia as a symbol of the relation between aka/akatosh and the imperials ( and would function as the stone to white-gold after the imperials took the imperial city and the death of alessia ) . 
   and he walked into the jungles of cyrod already killing , morihaus stamping at his side froth-bloody and bellowing from excitement because the pelinal was come ... 
  pelinal is rampaging as we know from him , with the aid of the bull . 
  as already mentioned concerning the visions of periff , pelinal 's coming was prophesised . 
   [ and pelinal ] came to perrif 's camp of rebels holding a sword and mace , both encrusted with the smashed viscera of elven faces , feathers and magic beads , which were the markings of the ayleidoon , stuck to the redness that hung from his weapons , and he lifted them , saying : `` these were their eastern chieftains , no longer full of their talking . '', 
  the tides are turning , and with pelinal 's help , the nedes are finally able to win battles against the ayleids . 
  feathers are often mentioned when dealing with the ayleids , most notably in `` father of the niben '' and `` 2920 '' :,
