  the suffix star in both dawnstar and dragonstar is accidental . 
  there is the folk etymology that a shard of akatosh fel in the general area , but modern scholars belief that the original old reachian name drachsta\u00edr stems from the elements drach , from proto-nedic * \u00f0rax , meaning to carry , or to transport , and sta\u00edr , from stir , from proto-nordic * starir , meaning hard , or heavy ( as still somewhat tracable in the word stalrhim ) . 
  thus drachsta\u00edr can be rendered as heavy goods , or heavy transport , hinting at its origin as a trading town near a mountain pass . 
  thus , dragon star is nothing more than a corruption of the original reachian name . 
  how many christians know everything about theology ? 
  maybe a couple of priests , but the vast majority would n't bother . 
  the same applies in tamriel . 
  not everyone has the time , money , or possibility of learning about the metaphysical workings , and what aetherius truely is . 
  akaviri cultural influence are still pretty common in cyrodiil , and like the pge mentioned , some imperials still have some akaviri blood . 
  but what happened to the ` true ' tsaeci is unknown . 
  they have assimilated somewhat , but there were probably too many to be gone in the span of a few centuries . 
  they are , however , very adaptable , and can ` eat language ' . 
  i think it is mentioned in the remanada ( or a source from around that period ) that a tsaeci knight suddenly changes names to renauld , and that no one finds it strange . 
  it could very well be that they simply changed skins in cyrodiil in the mean time . 
   far less brutal and much more spiritual, 
  believe me , most of their stories revolve around violence and sex , mixed with alcohol . 
  thanks !, 
  i kept in line with the standard boasting and mythic heroes from epics , like achilles ' ( partial ) invincibility , c\u00fa chulainn being able to take on an entire army , the incredible strength of gilgamesh , etc. 
  it also gives it a bit more of a magical feeling , which fits nicely with folklore . 
  alright , another etymology i just thought of , regarding old hag redoubt in the reach , originally called sian h\u00e1irgramen, 
  sian stems from the proto-reachian * s\u00ed , from proto-nedic * saiwiz , meaning emptiness , or clearing . 
  cognate with tamrielic sea . 
  originally , due to the forested and rocky landscape of the reach , forts and camps could only be build in clearings , or on flat surfaces , and as such became synonymous with ` clearing ' in reachian . 
  old hag stems from the initial name alessian nedes used to call the hargravens , as attested in the writing of an anonymous traveller of the early first era :, 
   [ these ] lands [ ] to the north [ have ] strange creatures living here . 
  beasts and monsters and demons and creatures seem to intertwine , and when one thinks he knows what he sees , the creature changes and distorts to a new form , suddenly walking on all fours , or standing upright , taller than a mountain . 
  one of these creatures seems to be an amalgamation of birds and dragons and women and demons . 
  these ** old hags ** are dangerous to meet , and should always be avoided . 
  while no imperial actually interested in these creatures would call them old hags ( although the name is sometimes still used pejoratively in the legion ) , the name remained to be used for the location . 
  the old reachian compound that corresponds to old hag is h\u00e1irgramen . 
  this words consist of two distinct compounds : h\u00e1ir and gramen . 
  h\u00e1ir can be traced to be a declination of sech , traceable to the proto-nedic word * zeget , denoting femininity . 
  cognate with tamrielic she . 
  gramen stems from the proto-nedic * korh , meaning feathered or covered , cognate with tamrielic raven . 
  thus , h\u00e1irgramen can be rendered as she-raven , or female-with-feathers . 
  this etymology enforces the theory that ancient tribes in the reach believed that there were no female ravens in the air , and the only way of reproduction was to mate with a woman who underwent the transformation . 
  oh god , i had n't even made the connection between r\u00f3eich and rorik . 
  i based it of a name i found in the t\u00e1in . 
  something with a horse goddess , and the mother of fergus mac roich . 
  alright , this is going to get a bit deeper than i think you would like , but here goes :, 
  the annuad takes place in another ` universe ' , another dream . 
  following the events of the annuad , anu went to the sun of his world , and fell there asleep , dreaming a new beginning , a new universe . 
  everything in the aurbis of the games is either a memory of anu ( albeit warped ) , or a result of his memories . 
  also , the padomay and anu of this dream are different than the ones in the annuad . 
  the original duo might just have been ` ordinary ' men ( anu did became the amaranth , after all , which is n't a small feat ) , while the anu and padomay in this dream are the driving forces of everything . 
  the latter are a memory of the first . 
  now to the whole anuic and padomaic thing : that is a meaningless distinction on the subgradient of et ` ada . 
  you can say that lorkhan was very padomaic , and aka pretty anuic , but you can not shoehorn that term on the entire groups . 
  the only real difference between the three groups is that the daedra never did take part in creation , the magna-ge escaped unscathed ( and in the process made the stars , which are tears to aetherius , the biggest being the sun , which was made by magnus himself ) , and the aedra were shattered and sundered . 
  i also do n't really know of an enatiomorph with the magna ge , the daedra and the aedra . 
  the idea is that one is overthrown , one becomes ruling , and the observer is blinded . 
  also , the roles of king and rebel are n't clear until after the event ( as vivec puts it in sermon 11 : `` hortator and sharmat , one and one , eleven , an inelegant number . 
  which of the ones is the more important ? 
  could you ever tell if they switched places ? '' ) . 
  i do n't know of a conflict between two of these groups . 
  the only thing that i can think of is the enantiomorph of lorkhan and aka , but i ca n't recall the observer at the moment . 
  still , aetherius is often described as pure stasis , but i think its opposite would be mundus itself , which is based on instability . 
  also , it sort of is light from anu 's sun shining through , as it can be seen as a warped memory of original anu . 
  hmm , you are sort of mixing up the metaphors , and not quite . 
  everything in the current dream is a result of the duality of anu and padomay . 
  their conflict led to the forming of everything ( except for the hist , which were immigrants from the previous dream ) . 
  the first subgradient was that of sithis and anui-el , which were the unconscious driving forces of padomay and anu , respectively ( see them as hunger and a stuffed belly . 
  nothing in itself , and without activeness , but still driving behaviour ) . 
  the conflict of those two led to the subgradient of the et ` ada , the ones that formed the magna-ge , aedra , and daedra . 
  their conflict led to the final subgradient , which contained earthbones and ehlnofey ( mortals ) . 
  from the subgradient of the et ` ada onwards , any distinction of anuic and padomaic is pretty hard to make , as it is mostly individual , and not in any way absolute . 
  the telescope thing is only slightly applicable . 
  the universe is made up of multiple rings . 
  the highest order is the spheres of anu and padomay , which overlap partially , causing the conflict . 
  this overlapping part became the grey maybe , as it was a mix of those two forces . 
  then , when lorkhan organised creation ( which he put in the dead centre of the grey maybe ) , you got a split . 
  the daedra , who did not want to partake , stayed away from mundus , forming oblivion , which is a ring around mundus . 
  when some of the spirits involved with creation saw what was about to happen , they fled , piercing holes through oblivion , and staying in the far edges of the grey maybe . 
  this became aetherius . 
  everything outside of this can be considered the void ( capital letter !, 
  ) , and is the complete lack of everything . 
  you could say that the forces of anu and padomay are of a higher subgradient than those inside their rings , just like nirn in mundus is lower than everything surrounding it , but with anything else , the comparison falls apart . 
  the magna-ge of aetherius , the daedra of oblivion , and the aedra who are still stuck in mundus are of the same subgradient , but they are still inside the rings of the other . 
  not necessarily talos ( the epic takes place in the early first era , and i 'd imagine the first written record of it being somewhere in the second or late first ) . 
  drawing from the fact that they are a collection of many people from all over tamriel , but still heavier in human appearance than anything else , i figured them to be heavily influenced by the nords and nedes , and thus having a lorkhanic god in their pantheon . 
  still , drawing from breton influences , we get the myth-echo of the character orc\u00ed , etymologically linked to orkney , but translated as snake , which is a lorkhanic symbol . 
  he also betrays the men of the reach by siding with the empire . 
  at least , this is my creative freedom . 
  there are some allusions to dibella and hircine , but i can not think of any non-apocryphical text detailing their ancient pantheon . 
  not that that is a bad thing ; it gives us more freedom . 
  talos mantled lorkhan ( i think in every walking way possible ) , but he is still an independent being . 
  this is because of chim . 
  talos loves himself enough to keep his identity in a universal dream . 
  normally , when mantling , the mantler loses his entire identity to the new sphere ( that is why the coc was indistinguishable from sheo in skyrim ) . 
  chim can prove to be an exception . 
  talos became lorkhan in so much that he even recreated an enantiomorph to reinforce lorkhan ( walking in his footsteps ) . 
  because chim requires an enormous love of the self , the mantler is able to retain his own identity , while still taking over the sphere of the initial being . 
  while a normal mantler is overtaken by the sphere , someone with chim can say `` fuck that , i 'll be myself and you . '', 
  so talos is lorkhan , and not . 
  they share the same sphere ( as god of mortals ) , and are still completely distinct from each other . 
  it is , but in ` walking like them until they walk like you ' both parties become indistinguishable from the other . 
  but since the mantler wants to become the sphere ( or the personification of it , in effect becoming the sphere ) , he needs to be able to fit in it entirely ( walking like them ... ) . 
  when the mantler has done that , he can change his walking ( untill they walk like you ... ) , but normally the mantler and mantled are already indistinguishable at that point . 
  all the heroes are driven by fate , and the elder scrolls foretold of their deeds . 
  now , the elder scrolls are pretty inconsistent when it comes to the future , due to the improbable nature of mundus .
