  furthermore , the people have long been named the cyrods . 
  - iil might be a suffix much like - ium ( see orsinium ) , although this is purely speculation . 
  the name is not translated in other languages . 
  comments , criticism , speculation , sources , and headcanon are welcome . 
  you know where the comment box is . 
   i was only 90 years old, 
   i loved vehk so much , i had all the lessons and relics, 
   i prayed every night before bed , thanking him for the life i 've been given, 
   `` vehk is love , '' i say , `` vehk is life '', 
   my dad hears me and calls me an n'wah, 
   i knew he is just jealous of my devotion to vehk, 
   i called him a casuel, 
   he slaps me and sends me to go to sleep, 
   i 'm crying now and my face hurts, 
   i lay in bed and it 's really cold, 
   a warmth is coming towards me, 
   i feel something touch me, 
   it 's vehk, 
   i 'm so happy, 
   he whispers in to my ear `` here , this is muatra , guess what it represents '', 
   he grabs me with his powerful chim hands and puts me on my hands and knees, 
   i 'm ready, 
   i spread my asscheecks for vehk, 
   he penetrates my second aperture, 
   it hurts so much , but i do it for vehk, 
   i can feel my aperture tear as my eyes begin to water, 
   i push aginst his force, 
   i want to please vehk, 
   he roars a mighty roar as he fills my second aperture with his love, 
   my dad walks in, 
   vehk looks at him in his waterface `` it 's all ovehk now '', 
   vehk leaves through my window, 
   vehk is love , vehk is life, 
  this series deals with the various tribes and cultures of tamriel which are normally left out of the books due to their size , political climates , them being considered `` split-off '' from the rest of their race , or the general disinterest of the imperial sanctioned scholars . 
  with this series , i will try to shed some light on these fellow tamrieliens . 
  the skaal of solstheim are some of the more interesting groups of nords on the continent . 
  while many of the other races in this series are either holding on to older traditions , or left the main group due to conflicts ( sometimes both ) , the skaal seem to be a independent development of nordic culture , and their relation with the neighbouring people is a lot better than with the other groups in this series . 
  this is mostly due to the lack of contact and conflict in their histories . 
  the history of the skaal and how they became separated from the mainland nords is unknown . 
  the skaal themselves hold that they have always been on the island of solstheim , put there by the all-maker , a religious figure often tied to the conflict of anu and padomay . 
  modern scholars reject this idea , as there are no archaeological remains found from before the middle-merethic , which fits with the first contact theory of the atmoran arrival in tamriel . 
  nordic sagas and annals seem to lack any information on the skaal until the first era , which already mentions them as settled people . 
  with this in mind , many scholars have proposed alternate theories as to how the skaal came to be . 
  one of the earliest theories is the famous , albeit antiquated theory of the second era scholar sjorn sharp-wit , associated with the royal court of windhelm . 
  in his now rejected work , * history and customs of the skaal of solstheim * ( royal windhelm press , 2e 65 ) , sharp-wit points towards the earlier myths surrounding the wanderers leaving tamriel . 
  according to him , the skaal were a group of wanderers that left tamriel , but remained on solstheim , apart from the atmoran tribes . 
  the theory is now mostly rejected , due to the lack of early-merethic finds and the similarity in the skaal language and the nordic language ( changes which do not fit the long isolation ) , as well as the strong genealogical similarity between the two peoples . 
  the renowned imperial scholar marcus flavi claims that the skaal did come from atmora , just as the atmoran tribes that formed skyrim . 
  in his work * expedition and findings into the skaal culture , custom , and religion * ( royal igs press , 4e 160 ) . 
  flavi bases this theory on the shared religious imagery of the skaal and the early nords , namely the animal symbolism . 
  according to the imperial , the skaal were parts of the atmorans making way to tamriel , but were stranded on the northern shores of solstheim . 
  this is further strengthened by the fact that the skaal still predominantly live in the frozen wastes of the northern shore , and not in the more temperate southern forests . 
  indeed , most archaeological finds are from the northern gletsjers , and not from the southern forests . 
  while it is commonly accepted that the skaal were an atmoran tribe settling the island , a lot of flavi 's theory is now rejected , as the animal imagery seemed to be mere coincidence . 
  the skaal do acknowledge a lot of the historical happenings in skyrim and atmora , and skaal myth does feature the dragon cult , as well as hints towards atmora and the origin of the nordic race . 
  most of the confirmed facts of the skaal date from the late third and early fourth era . 
  in the late third era , the east empire company decided to exploit the local ebony deposits , and founded the raven rock colony on the southern shore of the island . 
  this saw increased contact with the skaal , albeit still little . 
  in the same year , the bloodmoon happened , and the daedric prince hircine targeted the skaal this era . 
  the tribe survived , though , and in the fourth era , after the red year and the dunmer migration to the island , the skaal experienced a increased prosperity and protection , as they were allowed into the higher echelons of dunmeri politics ( which was one of the conditions the nords put in when the island was given to morrowind ) . 
  the peace was disturbed in the third century , however , when a long forgotten dragon priest was resurrected , and shortly controlled the island . 
  the day to day life of the skaal is rather simple , yet hard . 
  every skaal is expected to be able to hunt and recognise edible plants , as berries and meat are the core of their diet . 
  the most prominent prey of the skaal are the horkers , which are numerous on the island , as well as fish caught in the summer months when the lakes , streams , and the sea are n't frozen solid . 
  bears and wolves are rarely eaten , except under extreme circumstances . 
  the skaal do n't perform agriculture , as the climate is not fit for the growth of many of the core crops of mainland tamriel . 
  skaal society knows a strong separation between roles in the community , while also a peaceful collaboration between the roles . 
  the most important figure in the tribe is the chieftain , who oversees every action in the group , is the commander of the guards of the tribe , as well as the one who greets every stranger stumbling upon the tribe . 
  the hunters are some of the most important people in the tribe , as they are the ones responsible for the daily nourishment . 
  hunters are bound by strong religious laws , which will be dealt with further on . 
  the religious practises of the tribe is directly overseen by the shaman . 
  he is responsible for the recollection of the many tails of the people , as well as the many rituals and ceremonies held . 
  an important part in skaal religion and day to day live is respecting nature and the surroundings of the environment . 
  hunters are obliged to only kill the necessary , and use as much of the animal as possible . 
  furthermore , when cutting wood and berry plucking , it is important that the skaal do not harm any more plant life than required , as that will bring down the furry of the all-maker . 
  the skaal religion is interesting , in that it deviates greatly from that of the other people of tamriel . 
  instead of revering the aedra or daedra , the skaal have an almost monotheistic religion , focussing solely around the all-maker and the adversary . 
  according to the skaal , the world was created by the all-maker , but the adversary tried to corrupt the people of it , and destroy the world . 
  all the myths of the skaal revolve around a hero who serves the all-maker , and defeats an aspect of the adversary . 
  many scholars have tried to place these myths in the standard representation of the aurbis , but not yet successful . 
  marcus flavi stated that the all-maker and the adversary do not resemble attested deities , but are representations of good and evil , putting the religion in an even weirder light , as it means it is the only one with true morality rules . 
  many scholars have rejected this theory , as it is not realistic that no deity had influence over the island at one point . 
  also , the confirmed presence of the dragon cult makes this impossible , as the time-dragon was important in the tradition . 
  morvyn draineth , a dunmer scholar from the late third era , states in his work * religion throughout tamriel and parallels therein * ( mournhold press , 3e 305 ) that the all-maker and the adversary might represent the different views towards lorkhan , who is represented by men as a father spirit , who would appear when man was in danger , and by the elves as a force of destruction and change ( these , as draineth points out , are synonyms in aldmeri culture ) . 
  this theory is now rejected , mostly due to lack of elven influence on the island until the late third era with dunmer miners in raven rock ( a culture which does not share this attitude towards lorkhan ) . 
  many scholars hold that the all-maker and the adversary are representations of the chief forces of the aurbis , anu and padomay . 
  still , some notes should be made , as neither are normally associated with creation or destruction , but merely stasis and change . 
  it is entirely possible that these two characters have a more complicated background than assumed . 
  the skaal of solstheim are a tribe which does not receive the scholarly attention that it deserves . 
  many mysteries still surround this group of nords , and the future will only know if they are ever solved . 
  a tribe , or more a collection thereof , which have barely been researched by imperial anthropologists , is the alik ' r nomads , who travel the desert of hammerfell . 
  this people is mostly unknown outside of hammerfell , due to their small population , as well as little contact with people outside of hammerfell . 
  the history of the people is unknown . 
  the alik ' r nomads themselves hold that they were some of the earliest spirits on the world-skin of sep , but , because they did not know their new bodies and needs , and only those of their earlier selves , they chose the alik ' r desert , rich in magicka , but poor in water and food . 
  the redguards have a different belief , namely that the alik ' r were those ra gada that were cast out in the earliest conflicts between the crowns and the forebears . 
  they were the people that did not agree with the general consensus of their city-state , and were banished to the alik ` r. 
  there has been a myriad of scholarly theories as to how the alik ' r came to be an independent group , ranging from the will of the gods , to social developments , to simple climate change . 
  due to ever shifting sands making any reasonable archaeological survey into a nomad people virtually impossible , no scholarly consensus has been reached . 
  the alik ' r have been left unscathed in most of the conflicts in the area , with the warp in the west being a possible exception . 
  the nomads have always steered clear of political unrest in the area for their own sake .
