  personally , i was never really one for true apocrypha ( apart from some in-character texts i made ) , mostly because the line between apocrypha and fan-fiction are blurry . 
  on the other side , i recognise that i am not this subreddot , but just a tiny part . 
  most people seem to enjoy apocrypha ( and there have been quite the gems , i admit ) , and that is fine . 
  regarding c0da , and open-source lore , i feel you might be simplifying things . 
  what you say , or what you propose is n't the important part . 
  it is how you defend it . 
  why is it like that ? 
  are there examples ? 
  why is it not like previously thought ? 
  before your idea will hold ground in the community , it needs to be accepted . 
  every object has the possibility of enchantment . 
  recharging a body piercing would be a hell , though . 
  before i explain the name , i will first explain kalpa 's and alduin 's being . 
  the kalpa 's form a cycle within mundus . 
  time starts after lorkhan 's death , and continues on untill alduin destroys ( or litterally eats ) everything , returning time to convention and starting again . 
  this has went on countless times . 
  now onto alduin . 
  he is not akatosh 's firstborn . 
  he and akatosh , and all other time-gods , are shards of the aka oversoul . 
  after creation , aka was shattered , and his shards formed the time-gods and the dragons . 
  this kalpa , though , is different than the previous . 
  alduin gave up his world-eater role to became the ruling being he became in skyrim . 
  by forsaking his role of world-eater , he became corrupted , and lost most of his power . 
  so this alduin is n't the world-eater . 
  he is a weak husk of an older tradition . 
  it might have come from dialogue . 
  i will look it up , but i 'm under the impression most of it was from logical deduction . 
  but headbutting people and having them burst into flames is fun !, 
  battlespires are giant void battlestations . 
  imagine a rock with a tower on it flying around , shooting magic beams . 
  gongratulations to jaridase !, 
  it 's been a boring week full of catching up with schoolwork i should 've done 6 months ago , as well as still settling in after a hectic two weeks before . 
  i hope to finally push out a few things that have been thobbing around in my head for a while sometime this week . 
  it might have to do something with dunmer , but it has n't fleshed out beyond that . 
  so is anyone else working on something ? 
  world refusal never looked better !, 
  i heard about numidiad 6 , but not about orsinium novum . 
  care to give a teaser ? 
  you have a free padd for my stuff ( if you 're interested ) . 
  it would be cool to see it under the name marcus flavi . 
  o btw , you might want to contact me regarding the name for a couple of texts . 
  some are already with different in-world names ( like `` an intercepted letter '' ) . 
  also , marcus flavi was imagined as an anthropologist for the igs , so some texts might be a bit of for him . 
  if you want to include a text , just give me a quick message , and i 'll make up a name , title , and whatnot . 
  put a / in front of it ( or an \\ , i always fuck that up ), 
  they are n't loose spirits bound to the skin of the numidium . 
  after the battle of red mountain , they became one collective , singing world-refusal , and bassicly giving the numidium a skin that denies reality . 
  there is nothing to return anymore . 
  kata was more for a lack of a word . 
  in real-life , a kata is a fixed pattern of moves in ( mostly eastern ) martial arts . 
  these are mostly performed solo , but sometimes in pairs , mostly for training purposes . 
  since sword-singer techniques are pretty fixed , and more about knowing which combinations combat which , i figured kata 's would be perfect for training and performing . 
  sure , go ahead . 
  just be warry that there is n't a source for it besides the rigidness from `` lord vivec 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless '' . 
  like myrrlyn and nigh-thawks said , the elder scrolls are left over fragments of pure creatia . 
  they are innumerable and are both existing and not , outside of time and space . 
  they are recording devices , used by the mnemoli to keep track of the song that is the aurbis . 
  see them as the sheet music of the tes universe . 
  however , where normally sheet music is fixed , the elder scrolls are n't . 
  due to the instability and improbability of the aurbis , only the past can be fixed ( and even that is n't always the case , see dragon breaks ) . 
  because of this , the future is open to interpretation . 
  from what i see , it reads win [ d ] caller, 
  which would fit jurgen 's title . 
  you were born on a lucky day , lad and/or lass . 
  happy birthday to the games and bethesda , then . 
  it 's strange that the series is older than i am ... 
  it does . 
  being a tongue , either tamrielic ( latin ) or dragon script would be more fitting . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if there was the same stigma on daedra worshipping during jurgen 's time as there was under the empire and the eight/nine divines . 
  he might have had something to do with a daedric cult , but that seems like a far stretch . 
   tits or abs , your pick . 
  why not both ? 
  you 're right , it was not specific enough . 
  i hope the edit makes it clearer as to what i meant . 
  bretons choose what is in their best interest . 
  apparantly , religion is n't as important to them as it is to other grouos , like the dunmer . 
  if it was the case , they would most likely ditch the lorkhan lovers for the lorkhan haters . 
  the redguards also despise lorkhan ( or sep in their religion ) , but neither seem very eager tp join the thalmor . 
  also , might i asked what caused you to dig up two 5 month-old threads ? 
  that is exactly what i wanted to know , thank you . 
  a follow-up question : so the papal see did not have the political power that ot would have later on . 
  still , were there instances of the popes coercing or `` strongly suggest '' an emperor into a certain political direction ? 
  also , their naming conventions seem to hint towards japanese ( at least for ypkudan names , and from an layman 's point of view ) , like with the name frandar do hunding hel ansei no shira ( frandar hunding ) . 
  it is not so strange that both tonal architecture and shouting are referrences to notes , tones and music . 
  music is a theme that is common in the elder scrolls , and also appear in things as sword-singing and c0da . 
  the aurbis is music . 
  myrrlyn wrote two excellent pieces about music ( i 'm on my phone , but they are neatly put under the music tag in the compilation ) . 
  now why he refers to shouting as coming from the numidium , i do not know . 
  it might have something to do with the heart , as it was the subject of tonal architecture , and lorkhan being a hugely important god for the nords ( eventhough kyne gave them the gift , according to the myth ) . 
  it might be contraction here . 
  in a lot of languages , it is common to not pronounce an unstressed syllable ( french , spoken dutch and english ) . 
  'm ' might be somethibg along the lines of `` eme '' , but due to conflict with the ( supposidly ) stressed e and a , they get way in favour of the unstressed e 's . 
  divinity is a hard subject in the tes universe . 
  as already stated by others in this thread , it is not as simple as aedra = god . 
  the tes universe knows sub-gradients . 
  at the top is the godhead or the amaranth ( let 's keep it to this universe , and stick with the previous amaranth ) . 
  below this , are the primal forces , stasis , anu , and change , phadomay . 
  by interplay of these forces , the second layer of sub-gradients is reached in this case , sithis and anui-el , who are the driving forces of phadomay and anu , respectively . 
  the redguards have a deity , akel , which is the hunger that drives satak to eat the past worlds . 
  try to see sithis and anui-el as hunger , not conscious , but still active .
