   variations, 
   and most likely, 
   fargoth ? 
   he 's the one that made the fucker, 
   and now that 's why he looks back on it, 
   every single day, 
   that 's his promise, 
   when you wake up , i will still listen, 
   i 'm sorry i left, 
   but hey, 
   i 'm still right up here, 
   and my little fargoths ? 
   they show up every now and then . 
   and collect all the fargoths you 've made since the last time around, 
   the last real moment, 
   the little fargoths ? 
   they 're the keepers of the elder scrolls . 
   they can not be fixed until seen . 
   and they can not be seen until a moment . 
   and you , your fargoth , makes that moment . 
  so the house of troubles is a symbol of corruption . 
  they test the chi/dunmer with the chance of being corrupted in some way , be it madness , destruction , dominated by others , or being a pariah , all centring around being directly corrupted ( both physical and mentally ) , or being regarded as corruption ( dominated , or outcast , both being regarded as lesser ) . 
  they tempt the dunmer with their own corruption . 
  with this in mind , overcoming the house of troubles is not about gaining strength ; it is about remaining strong , and standing against corrupting temptation . 
  ironic that the tribunals hubris caused just that . 
  nocturnal would be the most powerful , because no daedric prince dares to fuck with her . 
  as the ur-dra , she has dibs on all souls . 
  but the problem here is what the exact definition of powerful would be . 
  would we be talking about physical damage , dagon would come out top . 
  with mental damage , sheogorath has a good chance . 
  what should also be taken in consideration , is where the conflict would take place . 
  in their own realm , a daedric prince is bassicaly all powerful , and on mundus , the aedra would step in ( as illustrated with akatosh bashing dagon back to his own realm ) . 
  my point is : there is no such thing as `` the most powerful '' , because each prince has his own sphere , in which they excel compared to the other princes . 
  plus , they are all-powerful in their own realms , which they are themselves . 
  the daedra are as much the gods as the aedra , if not more . 
  hell , even mortals can be considered divine in some way ( possible exception being the argonians ) , as they are degraded et ` ada since creation . 
  the aedra have as little to say over the daedra , as the daedra have to say over aedra . 
  myrr has a good point , although i slightly disagree in the details . 
  while many almost all the et ` ada existed in their current forms before creation , we do know that hermaeus mora is a product of it , and that trinimac was only turned into malacath after convention . 
  all daedra and aedra are still et ` ada , though , and were created when anu and padomay conflicted . 
  the difference between aedra and daedra is an arbitrary diffision created by the aldmer , founded on an irrational hatred towards those that did not take part in creation . 
  i agree with you on that , but it is more or less a debate now wether the creation of a daedra is the same as the creation of the entity that later became the daedra . 
  i believe that malacath is thr younger of most daedra , because he was the last to become daedra , even though the entity trinimac is as old as the other et ` ada . 
  there is something to be said for both sides . 
  the other kalpa 's are not identical to the current one . 
  in the 36 lessons , a previous kalpa is described , in which the dreugh ruled . 
  if alduin is different , i do not now , but mythopoeic force should not be underestimated . 
  it is entirely possible that alduin appears as something a lot less daunting than a dragon . 
  live and are . 
  the rl bretons still exist , although it is nowadays a very small group . 
  they live in brittany , the big peninsula on the west of france . 
  nord is a real life prejoritive for scandinavian , i thought . 
  also , always be careful when comparing races with irl cultures . 
  no tes race is a complete copy of a real culture , and if you try upholding that comparison , you might overlook details you should n't overlook . 
  that guy linked to the wiki , so he knows his shit . 
  mr_flippers already commented on the other questions , so i stick with the question regarding what gets recreated . 
  after convention , the ehlnofy war ended , which caused widespread destruction , and being responsible for the existence of the continents . 
  so , in some way , tamriel gets recreated , along with the other continents . 
  the aedra , however , already existed before convention . 
  they were the once responsible for what happened during convention . 
  the universe already existed then , but time was not yet regular ( this is he most important part about convention ) . 
  there are some comments i want to make about this . 
  hist, 
  the hist are still very much alive and govern the argonians quite directly . 
  furthermore , they are not the designers of the khajiit . 
  the catfolk are , in fact , elves , changed by azura . 
  the hist and argonians are the only races on tamriel of which we can say with certainty that they do not came forth from the ehlnofey . 
  it is confirmed that aldmeris is a myth . 
  the different elven kinds all had their own reason to split of . 
  for instance , the dwemer left because they did not want to worship anything ( their beards are important , but that has not yet been explained ) , and the chimer ( now dunmer ) left because they worshipped daedra . 
  men, 
  nigh-thawks already explained this quite well . 
  atmorans as ancestors of all men was most likely imperial propaganda , used to win the nords over . 
  the theory was held on to because of the intelectual dominance the igs has . 
  proto-bretons were also nedic , just as the proto-imperials . 
  the difference in ancestry comes from the amount of interbreeding the bretons had with the elves that lived there ( direnni ), 
  the ayleid were most likely aedra worshippers . 
  the statues in oblivion show the eagle ( a symbol of the aedra ) and a bowman ( auri-el ) . 
  the rumour that they are daedra worshippers is alessian propaganda , due to the pact umaril made with meridia . 
  their curse was caused by the hubris of the tribunal . 
  they messed with the heart of lorkhan , and killed nerevar . 
  this angered azura , who cursed the dunmer with their dark skin . 
  it is said that the tribunal only laughed at azura when she did this . 
  ( note : reports vary ; this all happened during a dragon break , so multiple things happened at once ) . 
  i can see that you did research in this , but you might want to reconsider some sources . 
  i advise looking in the compilation on the sidebar for what you want to read on , there are a lot of good articles there . 
  the khajiit thing is indeed still debated , but the current consensus is that they were created by azura . 
  of course , without hard facts , both stories are possible . 
  point is : they are still ` corrupted ' elves , in some way . 
  also , regarding meridia , even if she is a fallen magna-ge , she still is daedra . 
  i did n't mean to make a statement regarding the morality of daedra worship . 
  from what we know of the ayleids , the only instance of daedra worship we know about is umaril 's pact . 
  everything else seems to point to either aedra worship , or even magnus directly ( i tend to lean towards aedra ) . 
  exactly . 
  do n't start something you can not finish , boy . 
  so this week was busy . 
  finished my last tests of the trimester , and had the first part of my cpe exam . 
  it was a speaking excercise and ( i think ) it went well . 
  i have to do the rest on thursday . 
  also , the bedtime stories kind of exploded , did n't they ?
