  this same knowledge causes most people to zero-sum . 
  can a chim achiever handle the knowledge of a zero-summer ? 
  i think he can , since normal rules do n't seem to apply to a chim-achiever . 
  still , this is all speculation at best . 
  that is true , but starlight still is , though . 
  organisations like the mages guild , the synod , the college of winterhold , the order of psijics , etc. 
  they do have some role as school , but they are mostly magical/scientific institutes . 
  no telling what goes on in the mind of a chim achiever . 
  for all we know they could ignore it , accept it , or , like you said , have it push them over the edge . 
  he would be stronger than dragons , as he can give blessings , and he even maniphested himself in morrowind ( as wulf in the ghostgate ) . 
  i do n't know if he would be mightier than the other aedra though ? 
  according to lady nerevar it is named after a `` obscure akaviri potentate '' . 
  maybe some digging on the bethesda forum yields something, 
  to be fair , irish are celts . 
  but the influence is of course more from the bretons ( brythonic celtcs , irish are gael ) and medieval french . 
  still i always have problems with seeing the races as ` influenced by ' . 
  that way you 'll look over important details , like the fact that bretons are part elf , and are some of the best mages on tamriel . 
  it differs per lord . 
  most of them do n't have a constant influence on nirn , apart from their cult . 
  they can , however , manifest themselves on nirn . 
  like anon said , it means hat they have to submit to the laws of mundus ( i can imagine that , if they were to enter eachothers realm , they would have to bow down to the rules there as well ) . 
  it is the easiest for them to appear on summoning days , or when the dragonfires are gone . 
  they can however appear even when these conditions are n't met . 
  sheogorath can for instance appear during thunder storms , and azura appeared in front of the nerevarine after he had killed dagoth ur , and later after the death of almalexia , in both cases with the emperor still on the throne . 
  the daedra do n't have direct influence , but they can maniphest themselves if they want to , and can influence their cults , if they want to . 
  i do n't think the alagory of the cave has no foothold in mundus . 
  in my opinion it does so with the elder scrolls . 
  the untrained does not see anything in the scrolls ( he still looks at the shades on the wall ) . 
  the slightly trained is blinded temporarily ( he tries to look directly at the sun , the core of knowledge , or the portal to it ( !, 
  ) ) , and the trained can look at the scrolls and interpret its meaning ( i.e. 
  look at the sun ) . 
  however , as with looking at the sun , his eyes might be blinded . 
  now can a scroll be a stone ? 
  we see the rip in time constructed by meaning of a scroll . 
  this however , is not done by elves , or on purpose , so it might not be it . 
  we also see the dwarven room in which the scroll is hidden . 
  still , the nature of the scrolls makes them no candidate . 
  does this mean the alagory of the cave can be discarded ? 
  there os still , however , one candidate . 
  and that has to do with the role of the sun . 
  we find the eye of magnus in skyrim . 
  magnus , as we know escaped via the sun . 
  might his eye be the link ? 
  it would fit with the fact that it is highly powerful , and that it has sparked the interest of the thalmor . 
  this still is n't conclusive , but they are my thoughts on the use of the cave alagory to figure this out . 
  so the principle of explosion referred to by / u/notmyfavouritehat in this thread is true after all, 
  sundered and bleeding do n't equal dead though . 
  the aedra are sundered , and they can still exert some influence over mundus . 
  and a bleeding animal can be one of the most dangerous things you 'll ever meet . 
  however , it can be the start of death , but it is not yet completely destroyed . 
  i wrote [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1n6ncc/a_description_of_the_swordsingers/ ) if you 're interested . 
  i would also advice reading ` lord vivec 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless ' . 
  it offers some information about sword-singing and the remains of yokuda . 
  i do n't think it is known if the events of the previous games had caused the sundering . 
  it could be that the civil war , the rebellion , or the thalmor involvement . 
  but the previous games were influential , any way . 
  would that influence snow-throat itself , though ? 
  the towers combined hold up nirn , but with ada-mantia still up , would snow-throat feel it ? 
  i kinda spunn-off subject , did n't i. 
  anyway , you 're right in saying that according to the theory the sundering was done by the destruction of the other towers . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't belief it , i just need some time to study it ... 
  i play with my muatra a lot , and occasionaly kill people with it . 
  no it 's vivecs vacation home from a different kalpa . 
  our world is just another kalpa, 
  like flippers said , the conclusion of skyrim is unknown , however it is most likely that whatever happened ( aside fron the main quest ) will be treated as unimportant . 
  regarding the viewing of lore : there is the elder scrolls book app , which lists all in-game books per game . 
  still , this does not include mk 's work . 
  we could try vehking them up with 16th dimensional math , but they might be too casuel to understand . 
  i have it on android . 
  i do n't know about ios , but i figure it is, 
  it does not necessarily have to do with divine intervention ( even though vivec state his love of the redoran ) . 
  before the collapse of the tribunal , there were five major houses . 
  when slavery became illegal , house dres lost its economy , and they were the first victims of the argonian assault ( well , victim might be a bit of a strong word here ) . 
  after the death of the tribunal , house indoril lost its direction , since they had always supported the three gods . 
  telvanni did n't bother with anything , which , in a time of need , does not make you the most popular . 
  hlaalu was kicked out of the council as they were seen as traitors . 
  what 's left are a bunch of new houses , and the last old house with some influence , redoran . 
  redoran became loved because they raised armies to first fight of the daedra , and later the argonians . 
  even without vivec , they would have been the mightiest house , because all houses acted from their code , and only redoran 's code was fitting for the circumstances . 
  i do n't think any form of sin in this way is possible , outside of a moralistic point of view ( doing bad , bassicaly ) . 
  sure , the dwemer did n't acknowledge the gods as gods , but they still knew about their existence ( they had to ) . 
  they saw the gods at what they actually are , spirits , and not necessarily unreachable for the elves , just on a different step in the process of escaping mundus . 
  they probably wo n't use a warp . 
  for as far as we know , there is nothing in the mq that would cause a dragon break . 
  i can find it fine on android ( the elder scrolls books ) . 
  i 'm not sure on ios, 
  jills are small dragons that mend time-wounds . 
  they are said to have feminine traits . 
  still , seeing the nature of dagons , i 'm guessing they are all neuter , and do not have a gender in the traditional sense ( they do appear male ) . 
  he broke a dragon . 
  a very powerful one of course , one closer linked to akatosh than most , but he did not break akatosh himself . 
  neh , he can finnaly become the real mane, 
  vote flippers 2014 !, 
  males tend to be more aggressive , yes , but that is besides the point . 
  i was referring to the voices . 
  they just * appear * male after all . 
  we 're so sorry, 
  i understood pelinal was both blessed by akatosh ( with the chim-el ` adabal in his chest ) and by lorkhan ( being a shezzarine ) . 
  this is why he is insane . 
  he shares the madness of akatosh .
