  the world is a figment of the imagination of the godhead . 
  yet on the other side we see life , magic , ` physics ' , and a astonishing complexity . 
  reality is a figment of imagination , but this figment itself is most certainly real . 
  john chimeley : forever keeping tes safe from the small muatra 's of skyrem casuels . 
  so to draw that to this discussion , you mean to say that there always is something that we would perceive as reality , but without the perception itself , it can not be considered reality . 
  am i right in this ? 
  this looks like the violent version of descartes : cogito ergo sum ( i think , therefore i am ) . 
  in short : using any amount of personal energy ( be it physical or mental ) , means that you exist , as it requires will , something that can not manifest itself in emptiness . 
  hmm , maybe below the surface . 
  we see that almalexia had always helped the people of mournhold , and in her last years she became increasingly paranoid ( caring too much about others ) . 
  this could be explained as conservation of self , but i do n't think that that is anymore important than the obsession with others . 
  seht on the other hand does care for others ( he is n't completely indifferent ) but he does like to seclude himself a lot , and eventually he developed his obsessiin with himself that he completely isolated himself . 
  while both show signs of care for both the self and the others , i do feel one side prevails , and they are more disbalanced than vivec . 
  depends on the dedinition of reality . 
  is something real because it is tanglable , or because it is perceived . 
  there is ni definite answer either way , but it is entirelt possible that thoughts are real . 
  i will not talk about sotha sil now , since i 'll be doing a bit more background checks , but the fact that almalexia wants power is something i agree with you on . 
  she is , of course , the anticipation of boethiah , prince of plots . 
  however , how much worth are power and domination without others ? 
  almalexia cares for her own position , of course , but within a group context , even though , in the end , she might not be able to apprehend it . 
  hmm i can see why it would appear that ayem was self-centered , but i do think that her firstmost concern was others , in some strange and perverted way . 
  and indeed , she was out after her divinity , but we do see some serious paranoid behavior from her during tribunal . 
  i only now realised you were actually quoting mean girls ... well , i feel like an ass . 
  my idea was that vivec does not symbolize a grey-inbetween , to state it simple : he is chimer and dunmer , not something inbetween . 
  that is why he has both sides different , instead of gradually shifting in colour , or having a skintone inbetween gold and blue . 
  and the same thing applies to the rest of him . 
  he is men and women , but not a hermaphrodite . 
  he is a warrior and a poet , but not something inbetween . 
  he is everything and nothing , but not just something . 
  of course there is still something incomprehensable about it . 
  he does find a balance , existing on a midpoint that does not exist ( the is and is not , yet is ) . 
  this is of course the mystery of chim , and that is something i do not know . 
  edit : just came up with a metaphor : imagine a small stream . 
  vivec is standing over the stream with a foot on both shores . 
  he is not standing on the rock in the middle . 
  he is suspended in between the two sides , but he is not on the middle way . 
  the offspring will be of the mothers race , with some traits of the father . 
  if inerbreeding goes on long enough , a new race might develop ( i.e. 
  i thought it was pronounced as ` xylophone ' . 
  he was the one that envisioned mundus , and his death is the impossipoint . 
  he was a et ` ada , but now he is dead , with the moons being what remains of his body . 
  shards of him exist as shezzar and shor , and the shezzarines , but lorkhan himself is no more . 
  that is a very important point . 
  we know that the destruction of mundus does not necessarily equal the return as aedra/et ` ada ( hell , i would even go as far to say that destroying mundus would also destroy the aedra ) , but most extremists do n't . 
  complete destruction is a simple and too straight-forward solution to a very difficult problem . 
  we know that the best ways to escape mortal life ( if we can really call it escaping ) are chim and amaranth , but how many people would be able to achieve those ? 
  `` hey , kim !, 
  we still need some music . 
  you know anything ? '', 
  i will explore some area 's i have n't explored before , so it might be inaccurate . 
  lorkhan was an et ` ada , which means spirit . 
  so by destroying his ` body ' , his spirit got destroyed as well . 
  his ` body ' , and ` heart ' are what is left of him , but his being is destroyed , or at least sharded and splintered into too small pieces to be anywhere near recognisable as lorkhan ( with the exception of shor and the shezzarines , of course ) . 
  is that umbriel in the background ? 
  it 's a speech , speeches are n't generally written in paragraphs ( at least i do n't ) . 
  i 'll see if it is even possible, 
  i generally do n't concern myself with bourgeois trees that think they own the place . 
  we are the 99 % !, 
  and the one on the foreground his own muatra, 
  the dwemer did n't want to destroy mundus , only transcend from it . 
  that does not mean destroying mundus would destroy every trace of mortals . 
  vivec is definitly two-faced ( not joking ) . 
  he is the anticipation of mephala , who uses her power to trick people into doing what she wants . 
  vivec is capable of hiding his motives and , in general , represents conflicting sides . 
  unmaking mundus probably does not help , but not everyone is aware of that . 
  to be fair , i only use the writing of a speech to order my thoughts , and generally do n't read them again . 
  i did think of it said by a sort of heimskr like person , but the format might not have been very usable on a internetforum ... 
  al right , i tried not to hint at it , but since you put it this direct : i never stated ( not in the text , or in the comments ) that this was written by the thalmor , or the altmer for that matter . 
  for as far as i know , the thalmor do n't reject the aedra , and i am very doubtful about the true motives of the thalmor ( something i have expressed in the past ) . 
  in my opinion , it has always been written by some manic priest , disregarding their race . 
  while the altmer are of course the most likely subject , seeing their ideas regarding mortality , it should be noted that not all members of the same race behave the same . 
  and i know this sounds like a cheap excuse , but , in my defence , i never stated the altmer or the thalmor . 
  well of course his illegitimate son martin obama . 
  honestly , he is the dragonborn president ; you really think he would only bang michelle ? 
  that word actually makes a lot more sense in that context . 
  generally not . 
  the ( de ) activation of the numidium saw a dragon break ( which is standard with the thing ) , deactivation of red mountain saw no specific effects on the world , just like with the white-gold tower , although that did seal mundus from oblivion ( for how far that 's possible ), 
  no , i agree . 
  it has always been possible for daedra to enter mundus , even if their was a dragonborn emperor on the throne . 
  how the barrier works or what it exactly does is unknown ( if anything ) . 
  alfiq look like housecats , but they really are n't . 
  they can not speak tamrielic , but they share the intelligence and shrewdness that all khajiit have . 
  they are great mages from what i heard . 
  they are still capable of understanding tamrielic ( i figure it 's just a vocal chord issue ) , and i think they can speak ta'agra , or an altered version of it . 
  that , and discussions on here tend to dive really far down into the details really fast , to a point that your initial question wo n't even be answered . 
  the discussions are interesting , but i can imagine that being quite annoying . 
  i think it is stated somewhere that bosmer make excellent bards , but i do n't know if that is established lore or conjencture . 
  some area 's have their own kind of brew , with sujamma and fleen hailing from morrowind , cyrodiilic brandy coming from , of course , cyrodiil , and mead being popular in skyrim . 
  it is generally pronounced with a glutteral stop between the two u 's ( however vague ) . 
  i can try and look if thu'um is written with the letter for uu , but the fact that it is n't transcribed as thuum makes me skeptic . 
  it is a direct translation of english , with little to no gramatical differences , along with the exact same word order . 
  another thing which i hate is that there is a different possesive word ( that works differently from english ) to indicate that something belongs to a female , while dragons do n't have different genders . 
  honestly , they could have tried a lot harder . 
  oops , you 're right , it 's glottal . 
  those terms are still very new to me ( different native language and all that ) . 
  problem is , i did follow some phonetics courses for some classes of mine , but the dutch jargon sometimed differs greatly from the english one ( in this case , it 's `` glotisstop '' ), 
  no i fully agree with that . 
  only it would have been a lot more interesting with a complex verb and noun system . 
  it is also just because i want to see if i 'm actually able to design the grammar of a language . 
  concatenation can be a total bitch .
