  there is the ` heritage ' ( for a lack of a better term ) . 
  this just means the being in question is et ` ada , and holds his own sphere . 
  this means the aedra , daedra , and magna-ge . 
  there is mantling . 
  this is done by the ` walking ways ' . 
  when one of these ways is walked , a person might take over the sphere of the prince or being he wants to overtake . 
  in the process , the original person is absorbed by the sphere , so any real difference is n't noticed . 
  then there is writing yourself in history as a god . 
  during the warp , mannimarco made himself into a god this way . 
  he manipulated the time-mess , and created himself as the necromancer 's moon . 
  the tribunal did this as well . 
  chim makes it easier for a person to achieve apotheosis , as it requires an expert knowledge of the world . 
  it also means someone is egotripping so hard , he can become a sphere without losing identity . 
  when talos mantled lorkhan , they both continued existing , while both being the same thing . 
  chim is , however , not necessary , and godhood is n't a direct result . 
  gods are omnipotent in their own sphere . 
  dagon would wreck anyone setting foot in his turf , but akatosh did the same , as that was his . 
  more powerful is a very objective term . 
  talking about the most damage , mehrunes dagon would push everyone 's shit in , but when it comes to ` who rules the best ' , stendarr would come out on top . 
  they are incomparable , since they are all infinite without touching each other . 
  they ca n't be compared , because there is n't any common ground of comparison . 
  nirn 's is no one 's sphere , which is kind of its point . 
  nirn is the centre of mundus , the centre of the aurbis . 
  from there , its inhabitants can look out and see the wheel in its entirety , which means they have a means of reaching chim , which leads to the amaranth , and will continue existence . 
  the nine are bound to mundus , but they have their own realms and spheres , which appear as the plane ( t ) s in the night sky . 
  a god is his realm . 
  nirn is no one 's , so it is ` free ' . 
  the earthbones are one of the four groups of aedra after creation . 
  the ones that are now called such , are the ones that were strong enough to survive the event , leaving them semi-conscious . 
  many died , and are now forgotten . 
  then their are the ehlnofey , who were n't strong enough to retain immortality or divinity , and they became the mortals . 
  the earthbones initially survived creation , but decided to sacrifice themselves to sustain and regulate nirn . 
  they are completely dead now ( although the bosmer still worship y' ffre , who is mentioned as an earthbone ) . 
  according to the game , the portals are only supported by a sigil stone , which can be dislodged , making the portal collapse . 
  it seems more mechanical in nature than metaphysical . 
  dagon probably could n't . 
  the coc does n't fall under his sphere , nor does he serve him . 
  can you expel every bacterium or virus in your body ? 
  there was `` walking the patg the enemy puts before you , but you walk anyway '' . 
  i was under the impression that the walking ways were some of the means to achieve apotheosis , not one of them . 
  they do not see it as positive forces , unlike the other men . 
  sep is oblivious to his own power , and nirn is its result . 
  they want to escape , much like the elves , but they see mundus and lorkhan more as accidents than as evil . 
  i think most of the conflict with the ad was more mundane , at least for the redguards . 
  they tried to take the land the redguards owned , as well as being against men in general . 
  the redguards believe it is possible to reach the far shores , but it seems they want a more personal means , where it is one 's own responsibility , instead of having to destroy mundus en mass . 
  that depends on what source . 
  the pge says that , but that is the pge . 
  the adabal-a and commentaries of kurt kuhlman and michael kirkbride refer to an independent ancestry of atmorans and nedes . 
  from the adabal-a :, 
   perrif 's original tribe is unknown , but she grew up in sard , anon sardarvar leed , where the ayleids herded in men from across all the niben : kothri , nede , al-gemha , ** men-of - ` kreath ( though these were later known to be imported from the north ) ** , keptu , men-of-ge ( who were eventually destroyed when the flower king nilichi made great sacrifice to an insect god named [ lost ] ) , al-hared , men-of-ket , others ; but this was cyrod , the heart of the imperatum saliache , where men knew no freedom , even to keep family , or choice of name except in secret , and so to their alien masters all of these designations were irrelevant . 
  ` kreath is never identified more , but it is n't that far fetched to nominate falkreath , which historically was considered colovia . 
  `` imports from the north '' is interesting , as it does n't say that of the other tribes mentioned . 
  from kurt kuhlman as hesphat antabolis :, 
   the usual imperial arrogance . 
  the hoary old `` out of atmora '' theory has been widely discredited ( no reputable archaeologist would publicly support it these days ) , but the imperial geographers continue to beat the drum of the nordic fatherland in the best tradition of the septim empire . 
  they seem to think that the imprimature of officialdom gives their outdated scholarship added weight -- which , unfortunately , it appears to in the eyes of the ever-gullible public which continues to snap up the latest pocket guides along with the rest of their imperial certified pablum . 
  so now we have propaganda in there as well . 
  the imperials , or nedes previously , always needed the support of nords to maintain their empire . 
  making them historically one race solidifies this further , aside from the already heavy cultural ties between the two nations . 
   and for the last time ( uh huh ) , nedes ! = atmorans . 
  that 's just shoddy scholarship from a bygone regime . 
  see the notes on kuhlman 's post . 
  now how do the redguards and yokudans feature into this ? 
  it 's commonly accepted that they came from the wanderers , like the atmorans and nedes . 
  they share less bonds with the other races of men , mostly due to their later arrival on tamriel ( 1e 792 , according to the pge , as opposed to the first waves of atmorans in the merethic era ) . 
  furthermore , the redguards were always isolating themselves , allowing few traders , emissaries , and did n't accept any treaty of alliance or conquest . 
  tiber was the first one to annex it into an empire . 
  the imperials never could rely more on the redguards than the other races . 
  still , there is a shared ancestry in the races of men , as there is in all races , with the possible exception of the argonians . 
  thanks . 
  i meant to hint at something along the lines of `` trambling with fear '' , but that did n't come over right . 
  fear makes you hesistant in battle , and can be considered a sign of weakness ( as in the nordic culture ) . 
  it is also to lay a link between mortals ( flesh ) and weakness , as h\u00e9stram only wins from faolan with divine help . 
  hircine is n't that depricating . 
  this story is about what the reachmen believe , not what actually happened . 
  while this can influence the aedra , it does not affect daedra or history the same . 
  hircine here is a plot element , designed to tell faolan of his mistakes , and is not necessarily the god himself . 
  i 'm guessing you mean the pocket guide ? 
  there is some in universe context required for that book . 
  firstly , it was written by the igs . 
  this institute has been raised as a sort of scientific propaganda machine . 
  their theories and theses are more designed to further the imperial goals , than to actually have reloable sources . 
  furthermore , the first edition was written during the conquest of alinor . 
  there was a need to write the altmer off as evil and unethical beings . 
  the mass-baby killing was one of those things , more than likely . 
  i do see the altmer breeding selectively , but the baby killing might take it a bit too far . 
  a follow up question :, 
  i can imagine why the uk seems like a good place to first introduce american comics for the european market ( little to no translation , less localisation ) , but i 'm wondering if these comics might have been introduced in france or belgium . 
  these two countries have a big comic and graphical novel culture nowadays . 
  would american comics be introduced earlier there ? 
  or was that after they were published in the uk ? 
   are n't demonyms usually derived from the place name , and not the place name from the demonym ? 
  not always . 
  in the case of americans , this holds true , but not in most european cases . 
  france is in reference to the franks ( german and dutch call it `` empire of the franks '' ) , germany from the germanic tribes that lived their , england from the angles , a germanic tribe from what is now western germany that went to settle the south-east of brittain . 
  it is more than likely that the imperials had earlier dealings with the argonians as individuals than with the state , so i do n't think it is too farfetched . 
  why they are called argonians is still a problem . 
  ah thanks a lot . 
  i got clume translated as anvil .
