  well , like i said : using real world terms in a universe so completely different from ours is hard . 
  since our definition of what a god is ( a supernatural , metaphysical ` something ' ) is so different from what it is in the tes universe ( a spirit venerated by the people ) , i think both positions are defendable . 
  along with what i said in your previous post :, 
  the term ashlander is a catch-all for the four tribes on vvardenfell , as they differ greatly internal ( both in religious cult things , and in their contact with outsiders , among others ) . 
  they are incredibly defensive about their tribe and their honour . 
  anyone who harms or threatens the tribe will be either expelled or killed . 
  their relation with outsiders is difficult at best . 
  while resenting all non-ashlanders ( and ashlanders of other tribes ) , it is possible to be accepted by a tribe ( depending on the tribe in question , of course ) . 
  the easiest ways to become accepted is to behave yourself in the camp ( do n't start trouble , do n't enter someone 's yurt uninvited , for instance ) , and to present a gift to the ashkan . 
  the more thoughtful a gift is , the better it is received . 
  ashlanders believe honour is very important . 
  as a result , it is shameful to decline a challenge of honour . 
  along with this , they do not like to be reminded about their past mistakes ( which gives them a name of being liars in the more ` civilized ' areas ) . 
  the tribes survived the red year , and , after the dissident priest took over and reformed the temple , the prosecution of ashlanders stopped . 
  instead , they were revered as the keepers of the old ways , and the wise women sometimes over counsel to pilgrims visiting them . 
  while a fun theory , you should try to differentiate between in-universe lore and references to our world ( i.e. 
  easter eggs ) . 
  it could be a form of inspiration for the idea of the godhead and chim and such , but should not be regarded as in-universe lore . 
  o , and about that thing with characters leading the authors : in my opinion , that 's bullshit , and just a weak excuse for writers who have no clue what they 're doing ( umberto eco ( an italian author ) wrote something about that in a appendix for ` the name of the rose ' but i do n't know if that is included in every edition of the book ) . 
  pure talent , there, 
  not atm , you could try looking on uesp and til . 
  they have shitloads about bassicly anything, 
  i think the important thing to note here is that the towers , with the exception of the first two , were all build by mortals . 
  we see that after each kalpa , almost all live is wiped away . 
  as a result , i think their creation of towers will be destroyed as well . 
  could n't that just be nero 's rules ? 
  he was n't completely ... right in the head , to say the least . 
  the problem is , that i ca n't see how any other tower than adamantine and red mountain can survive , as they were created at convention , the point in time to which every kalpa is reset, 
  it is possible to reconstruct a destroyed numidium . 
  problem is , you 'll need all the parts . 
  the blades reconstructed the numidium before the warp in the west , but i 'm not sure if it is possible now . 
  convention is the moment when everything got its final form , including the ehlnofey . 
  i have to look up the sources , but i 'm pretty sure the ehlnofey had n't yet developed in the aldmer . 
  that would be the main problem . 
  to my knowledge , there is no thing powerful enough , though i think i heard the mentella was created during tiber septims conquest ( to replace the heart , the original stone ) . 
  so all together impossible it is n't . 
  to be fair , the fictive writer seems to be more aware of the theories the igs rejects ( he sort of mentions the wanderers , for instance ) . 
  but you might be right . 
  something to look into , this . 
  i would n't be surprised if they deny that theory as well . 
  ` lost in translation ' ( from tamrielic to english ) would n't be a good excuse , would it ? 
  you 've been busy today . 
  loved it . 
  so , if i 'm right , the mane is bassically asking vivec to educate tiber septim ? 
  that in itself is kind of ironic , since vivec can talk in circles pretty well . 
  but still tiber came to the mane ( as in your other post ) . 
  why is that ? 
  the last explanation does somewhat relate to what nibani maesa said , namely that you are not the nerevarine until you pass each trial . 
  it could be that azura manipulated things so that the nerevarine would pass these trials , or the pc is just hit with a gigantic stroke of luck . 
  o wait , i just realised why tiber came to the mane . 
  i did mean to ask that , but he came to negotiate a peace treaty , was n't he ? 
  but i am still curious as to why vivec would be a better teacher than the mane . 
  they seem to look at each other as some kind of equals , and since both of them have the tendency to speak in riddles , i do not see why the mane would specifically want vivec , and not do it himself . 
  however , the giants do hold a special relationship with the nords . 
  i think the myth of kyne breathing life into menkinds could indicate some form of modification of the wanderers ( still , i do n't believe aedra are capable of doing such things since creation ) . 
  i do n't know if it is the right kind of magical energy . 
  the heart was of course the core of lorkhan , and the mantela contained a soul of a shezzarine ( a fragment of lorkhan ) . 
  i do n't think magnus ' power would work , as he has a much weaker link to mundus than lorkhan ( still a strong one , of course ) . 
  also , since , to my knowledge , magnus is still existing ( or alive , what you would like to call it ) , i am not sure if it is even possible to manipulate the eye in such a way . 
  it is unclear what happened to fyr , and he might still be alive . 
  hell , he could have escaped to the outer realms if he wanted to . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/cosmology ) is a good summary of how space and planets work in the tes universe . 
  but to answer your question : yes , astronomy/astrology is practised on tamriel . 
  the distinction between astronomy and astrology is harder to make , as the constellations do give special powers to people . 
  there are some orreries . 
  there is a dwemer orrery on the island of stros m'kai , in hammerfell , and another one in the imperial city , cyrodiil ( although i am not too sure about the origin of that thing ) . 
  people on tamriel know about the various constellations and the powers they give people born under them . 
  besides this , there is , at least at the higher levels of scholars , a good enough understanding of the nature of what we call space to allow for ` space travel ' . 
  the imperials have been to masser ( the biggest moon ) , and the khajiit to secunda . 
  the altmer have also gone to ` space ' , but i ca n't recall where exactly . 
  not too sure . 
  the astronomical centres known to us on tamriel are all orreries . 
  we do know that the eye is an unusually strong source of magicka , and it responds strangely to the staff of magnus . 
  and nothing wrong with a devil 's advocate . 
  it keeps the discussions going . 
  i meant that most ansei were n't capable of using the shehai in combat , instead creating a transparent sword of light and energy , not strong enough to hurt anything . . 
  i could emphasise it more , though . 
  the ashlander worship the three good daedra : azura , prince of dusk and dawn , boethiah , prince of plots , and mephala , the webspinner . 
  these represent the importent parts of velothi culture , so they believe . 
  as much as they venerate the three good daedra , they hate the house of troubles : sheogorath , prince of madness , molag bal , prince of sadism , malacath , prince of pariahs , and mehrunes dagon , prince of destruction . 
  they hated the tribunal , since they were false gods . 
  according to the ashlanders , they gained their immortality via necromancy ( which is detested by all dunmer ) , and blame them for forgetting the old ways . 
  well , not everything bursts open that way when you point the staff at it . 
  but you are right that magnus might be a misnomer here . 
  dear writer ,, 
  we of the imperial geographical society have reviewed your recently uncovered notes . 
  while certainly not something we receive everyday , we do feel that it might be unfit for widespread publication . 
  instead , we are interested in any further note found by you or your colleagues . 
  if these were to be uncovered , we would like to see them as soon as possible , to be included in our library ( after our own scholars have analised them , of course ) . 
  i wish you the best of luck in any of your future endeavours . 
  may the eight look over you ,, 
  georges devereau , chief scholar , imperial geographical society, 
  i got the same idea about the walkabout . 
  however , i could only find one mention of it , which is what i put in . 
  ` original or ` primal ' might be more exact , as ur refers to something that was earlier than others , and not just ` first ' ( which could also indicate position ) . 
  the hoonding returning is a possibility . 
  it happened during the original conquest of hammerfell , but not during the warp . 
  maybe the numidium conflicts with the possibility of the hoonding ? 
  and as far as the pankratosword goes : it is all lost . 
  the technique is forbidden , and beecause of that , all memory stones and scriptures explaining the stance have been destroyed .
