  kothringi culture is little known to us , but we do know that the kothringi preferred going about naked , even though many of them decided to do wear clothes when in more civilised circles . 
  along with this , we know that the kothringi were experienced sailors , and that at least a few of them made it into the imperial legion as knight during the second era . 
  the exact origin of the kothringi is unknown , besides that they shared the continent with many more different tribes of men ( including the nedes ) . 
  they inhabited black marsh and lived , just like the argonians and lilmothiit , in tribes . 
  not much is known about their history , except that it suddenly ended during the knahaten flu ( 2e 560-2e 603 ) , which saw the death of almost all sentient live in black marsh , with the exception of the argonians and hist . 
  the fact that those two races did survive , along with the thrassian plague being made by sentient live , has sparked the assumption that the hist and argonians were behind the flu . 
  this however , is still up to debate . 
  while all kothringi died in the end , one ship full of sick kothringi set sail during the flu , seeking shelter . 
  they were turned down at every port , including the many ports of hammerfell . 
  the kothringi , now desperate for refuge , decided to set sail to the west , never to be seen again . 
  this came to be known as the day of shame in hammerfell , and even to this day , the redgaurds in hammerfell do not leave their houses on the 20th of rains hand , out of guilt . 
  lilmothiit, 
  the lilmothiit were a race of fox-like creatures from black marsh . 
  there is little to no information available about this race . 
  as such , they are most likely the most obscure group of sentient life on tamriel . 
  the knowledge we have about their appearance does n't go further than that they were vulpine . 
  in how much they resembled foxes is unknown . 
  like with everything of the lilmothiit , there origin is shrouded in mystery . 
  some have argued that they were related to the khajiit of elsweyr . 
  however , there has never been concrete evidence for this claim , and it is most likely that the igs grouped them together purely on the fact that they resembled a mammal , as do the khajiit . 
  like their name implies , the lilmothiit most likely lived around the argonian city of lilmoth . 
  this is further proven by the fact that the city blackrose was founded by lilmothiit nomads . 
  the lilmothiit died out somewhere in the second era . 
  how is unknown , however , the knahaten flu might be the prime suspect . 
  it is important to note , however , that their settlement of blackrose was already long abandoned by 2e 324 , more than two hundred years before the start of the knahaten flu . 
  if this could mean that the lilmothiit were already extinct before the flu , is up to debate . 
  the imga are a race of ape-like creatures from valenwood . 
  even though they are still extant , they are not incredibly well documented . 
  in appearance they resemble something between an ape and a man . 
  they have developed to living in the woods , and are incredible nimble climbers . 
  they walk upright . 
  while they are said to have flourished even before the aldmer came to valenwood ( meaning that they were the original inhabitants of the province ) , they hold the altmer in the highest regard , and try to emulate them in every way . 
  as a result , many of the great apes now wear capes , practise duelling , train their speech to better fit in with higher social circles , and appear to despise any race of men . 
  along with this , all imga take on some royal title , like ` duke ' or ` count ' ( even though there are no imga who hold land ) , something which sometimes appears comically to outsiders . 
  despite going at length to emulate the altmer , the high elves look down upon them , since the high elves look down upon all non-mer . 
  this only makes the imga try harder , though . 
  while not popular with altmer , they live peacefully with the bosmer ( which is not that strange , as bosmer accept races and cultures of all kinds ) . 
  * while badly documented , these races are included to complete the series . 
  i hope that all readers have thoroughly enjoyed the series , and are now better accustomed to the various races that dot the continent of tamriel . 
  for as far as i know , there was a constant power struggle between the stadtholder and the raadspensionaris . 
  were there any more politically important roles or bodies ? 
  if so : how much real power did they have , compared to the two roles mentioned above ? 
  addressed to : georges devereau , chief scholar , imperial geographical society, 
  concerning : the reasoning of the ehlnofey, 
  25th of heart fire , 4e 156, 
  honourable chief scholar ,, 
  for many weeks , i have worked on a theory , which , in my honest opinion , will be very controversial , especially within the igs . 
  however , i am still willing to take the risk of informing you of this idea of mine , fully aware that this might hamper any further advancement in the igs , and even risking my position as researcher in the anthropology department . 
  i ask you humbly to not immediately judge the following , and at least consider the various elements of the theory . 
  first of , we should expand on the information we know of . 
  as we know ( and agree on ) , lorkhan envisioned mundus , and convinced some of the other et ` ada to help in the realisation of his plan . 
  whatever happened afterwards ( accounts differ ) , fact is , that while some et ` ada were able to escape , now known as the magna ge , most spirits occupied with the creation of mundus got sundered severely , and are now referred to as the aedra . 
  while some of these aedra remained as spirits , some of these beings descended upon mundus , to become the ehlnofey . 
  these facts are most likely the only ones in the entire letter on which we can agree on , but i felt it necessary to write this letter nonetheless . 
  my own theory is heavily based on a thesis about the early days of the dawn era . 
  according to this idea , the ehlnofey did not exist as anything recognisable to us , instead appearing like plants , creatures , sounds , physics , and everything in between , all at once . 
  while most scholars are convinced this state was born out of necessity , as the ehlnofey were severely damaged by creation , and could only survive as in their mortal form on nirn , unable to keep their own shape as the impossipoint had not yet been established , i beg to differ . 
  i would like to propose the theory that the ehlnofey did not come to mundus as a result of their sundering , but out of free will , to stabilise nirn . 
  while possibly a controversial point , i am convinced i am able to sufficiently support this theory . 
  i believe the real reasoning of the ehlnofey was to stabilise mundus , based on the fact that some of the ehlnofey became the earth bones , our laws of physics , and that their descendents ( or , according to some scholars unrelated to the prestigious igs , some of them ) are responsible for the establishments of all metaphysical towers , with the obvious exception of the ur-tower and the red tower . 
  i would like to address the earth bones first ; while ( as stated beforehand ) it is commonly accepted that the earth bones took final form only after the impossipoint , i feel that this is not true , referring to bosmeri folklore . 
  according to the bosmer , one of their gods , y' ffre , who is one , if not all , of the earth bones , taught the bosmer to take their final form as the elves of valenwood as we know them today . 
  while this theory is most likely not entirely true , taking in mind the effect of convention and the aldmer legend that the bosmer took ` manish wives ' , there is at least one point of truth in the myth . 
  the fact i am referring to , is the fact that y' frre was already in existence as a earth bone , or as a personification of these , before convention . 
  i feel this is reason enough to assume some of the ehlnofey were already able to take a stable form before the impossipoint . 
  the next point i like to address is more speculation than fact , but i feel it sufficient to further support my theory . 
  as we know , the metaphysical towers are the structures upholding mundus . 
  while the first two towers , ur-tower ( adamantine ) and red tower ( red mountain ) were not created by mortals , but by the aedra themselves , the other towers are created by the various merkinds of tamriel . 
  i believe the ehlnofey were always trying to stabilise mundus , attempting to derandomise it . 
  since the earth bones were not enough to do so , they were looking for other ways . 
  seeing the effect of the first two towers , the offspring of the ehlnofey finally found their purpose . 
  the elves , now dispersed over tamriel , build their own towers . 
  while not as potent as the two aedric ones , they were potent nonetheless . 
  now how does this tie in to each other , you might ask . 
  i believe that the ehlnofey came to mundus purely to stabilise it . 
  while some might rationalise this as a attempt to not make their work in fain , which would also explain the continued involvement of the aedra in mortal lives ( i.e. 
  the dragonborn emperors ) , i feel honour or pride might be too much of mortal concerns . 
  while the exact idea behind the ` immigration ' to mundus might be lost to us forever , i am convinced the work of the ehlnofey , as the earth bones and erectors of the towers , speaks for itself . 
  in short , i propose the theory that the ehlnofey did not come here initially as sundered spirits , but as willing beings to further support their own work . 
  i do , however , understand that there might be errors in the reasoning , especially referring to the hatred of many of the elves towards creation and mortality . 
  i hope i have enlightened you , honorary chief scholar , and i hope this theory will be accepted by the imperial geographical society . 
  as you are aware of me , i am open to constructive criticism and reasonable debunking . 
  marcus flavi , researcher , anthropological department , imperial geographical society, 
  for many people across tamriel , from scholars to commoners , the tales of the sword-singers are the stuff of legends . 
  however , these almost mythical and definitely legendary warriors of yokuda and hammerfall are real , and the stories do not exaggerate . 
  i will try to briefly familiarise the reader with these magnificent swordsmen and - women . 
  how or why the order of the sword-singers was created is unknown . 
  what is clear however , is that they were of great influence to yokuda and later hammerfell . 
  at some point it was even stated by law that the only people on yokuda who were allowed to wear a sword had to be sword-singers ( it is unclear how much these warriors were involved with politics , seeing their reputation of scouring the deserts ) . 
  their influence was also in a negative way , as they are most likely the ones responsible for the destruction of yokuda ( out of revenge or out of necessity is still up to debate ) . 
  the ancient sword-singers were not only fabled as distinguished warriors , build also as artists . 
  indeed , it is not hard for someone with basic knowledge of the yokudans and redguards to imagine swordmanship being regarded as a art form in its own right , and not just as a martial technique . 
  it was even possible for some of the sword-singers to support themselves and their families financially with performing in crowds . 
  frandar hunding , for instance , was already skilled enough at the age of 14 to fully support his family this way . 
  the order was composed of both men and women , who were recruited , often out of the richer families of yokuda , at the age of eleven . 
  how the selection procedure worked , is unknown , however , it is assumed the future ` brother of the blade ' or ` maiden of the spirit sword ' ( as males and females in the order are referred to , respectively ) , could feel the ` calling ' or the ` song of the sword ' , and were subsequently picked . 
  these young children would spend the following years in a hall of the virtues of the war , as the buildings of the order were known . 
  there , the younglings would hone their skills , and practise the crafting of swords . 
  when a student is deemed good enough in the way , he or she is send on the walk about , a recreation of frandar hunding 's legend , which sees the sword-singer acting as a vigilante . 
  some of the sword-singers are talented enough to form a shehai , or spirit sword .
