  their silk , however , can be used to store family memories , and the creatures themselves seem to be able to tap into the dreamsleeve . 
  convention is when aka slammed ada-mantia in mundus , and calling all the aedra together . 
  there , auri-el and trinimac punished lorkhan , pulling his heart out , and flinging it across tamriel , landing in what is now red mountain . 
  after that , time became linear . 
  because time became linear and the creator of mundus was killed , convention became the starting point of the kalpic cycles , and it is to that point everything gets reset after the eating of the world . 
  yes . 
  the heart and the void ghost will ( most likely ) stay present , but lorkhan as an entity remains dead . 
  lorkhan was more than a demi-god , being able to trick a good deal of the et ` ada to die . 
  his body is dead and severed , but his ghost is still travelling restless . 
  so yes , it is possible for lorkhan to ` reincarnate ' . 
  we also have wulf at ghostgate ( seemingly invisible to all but the nerevarine ) who is an avatar of talos . 
  edit : added brackets for clarity . 
  i was talking about wulf, 
  the elves had more gods than would correspond with the eight , like trinimac , phynaster , and sarabane . 
  the problem with talos , firstly , is that he is a man , which some altmer do n't really like . 
  for the thalmor the main problem would be convention 2.0 , when talos solidified convention . 
  if the thalmor want to undo mundus , they need talos gone . 
  nah , my phrasing was a bit confusing , edited it now . 
  the rourken clan is probably the best example of this . 
  after the first council was proclaimed , the rourkens decided to leave the resdayn clans . 
  their leader flung his hammer , volendrug , across tamriel , and they would settle where it made landfall . 
  it fell down in what became known as volenfell ( city of the hammer , in dwemeri ) , later mistranslated as hammerfell . 
  i think it is along stretch to say that the voice is the stone of snow throat , just as sword singing for orichalc and the green pact for green-sap . 
  we know that the stones are ' a cave ' , ' a sword ' , and ' a fruit ' , but other than that , we do not know . 
  while sword-singing might work with orichalc , it has nothing to do with lorkhan or sep. 
  the redguards hate him . 
  they attribute sword-singing to leki , one of their wargods . 
  i agree with the green pact as the fruit , but i have that more as a personal belief than a full-fledged theory . 
  the voice is hard to link to ' a cave ' , so i 'm interested to hear what you think about that . 
  other than that , good work . 
  the cave/sword/fruit was from a chatlog from mk . 
  i 'm gon na look it up . 
  we see that all towers we know the origin of , are build by the elves . 
  however , seeing the opposition in the races of yokuda ( lhe being completely different from the other elves , as their name shows , and the yokudan religion which is an opposite of general human religion ) , the opposite might be true , with sword-singing , a human art , being the stone of a tower . 
  ( pure conjecture this ), 
  found them :, 
   oct 15 01:46:02 < + myrrlyn  what is snow-throat 's stone, 
  oct 15 01:46:16 < % void_ghost  the cave, 
   oct 15 22:49:07 < + opg  what are the stones of crystal-like-law , falinesti , and orichalc ? 
  oct 15 22:49:52 < % mk  cll : a person . 
  f : a fruit . 
  o : a sword . 
  so cll has ' a person ' ( or a person ) as a stone . 
  snow-throat 's is the cave . 
  i do n't think these are accidental . 
  prince a'tor 's sword was the hoonding , right ? 
  who appeared as a sword , a crown , or both ? 
  i do n't think a god like hoonding would be very interested in up keeping mundus . 
  mk makes references to religion and philosophy all the time . 
  iirc he mentioned that anu makes a lot more sense when you look at his real-world counterpart ( i.e. 
  the mesopotamic god named anu ), 
  there are a lot of allusiond to real world mythology and philosophy throughout the games , but most should be seen as nothing more than face-value inspiration . 
  / u/myrrlyn and i are both of the idea that ` the cave ' is a reference to real-life philosophy . 
  myrr takes it as meaning jung 's cave , in which the stone would be the backward effect the towers have ( supporting mundus , instead of showing a way to ascension , as ada-mantia did ) . 
  i think it is an allusion to plato 's cave , in which the sun is the highest goal for the escaped prisoner . 
  in my opinion , this would point to the eye of magnus . 
  both theories have problems though . 
  myrr 's theory is flawed in that ada-mantia is the only other tower with a concept as a stone , and that one 's special . 
  my theory is flawed in that it is unclear if magnus ' influence is actually able to uphold mundus , as he has forsaken mundus ( or fled from it ) . 
  padomaic is n't necessarily anti-mundus . 
  lorkhan is arguably the most padomaic et ` ada , yet he loves mundus . 
  the hoonding is as old as the yokudans . 
  ' a sword ' might be an allusion to the story of a'tor 's sword ( or crown ) . 
  the eye might be an artefact of the god of magic . 
  while the voice is an incredibly potent ** weapon ** , there are bigger forces at play . 
  look at tiber septim for instance . 
  some of his greatest achievements ( like changing the climate of cyrodiil , undoing cyrus ' destruction and becoming a god ) were due to him achieving chim , not because he was a tongue . 
  because something can be used to tear walls down does not mean it can uphold creation itself . 
  some historians and philosophers go as far as to say that plato 's cave allegory is the start of modern western philosophy , but that is for a different subreddit . 
  according to plato , the highest truth was in the sun itself . 
  we know that magnus made the sun in the tes universe ( he escaped via it to aetherius ) . 
  the eye is named after magnus . 
  at least , that is how i deduct it . 
  mundus is the most chaotic realm there is . 
  daedra does not equal padomaic , nor does aedra equal anuic . 
  while all realms have set rules , dictated by their prince , mundus is a hanging ball of improbability . 
  lorkhan did n't want it to go to oblivion , nor did the aedra want it . 
  he only thing we can say about it , is that between the two most extremes of the aedra , the anuic won . 
  i picked up civ v this week actually . 
  only played with william the silent so far . 
  because i like to be a opportunistic asshole with a lot of money . 
  good job this week . 
  i 've been on a bit more tban i thought i would , also because my paper is coming along a lot better than i expected it too ( after just one day of writing my first version is half-done ) . 
  i still spend way too much time with mass effect and civ v , which is n't that smart , since i ca n't do my final exams without that paper . 
  also a bitch to write with heavy nicotine deprevation . 
  since new year the legal age for buying tabacco went to 18 here , and , being seventeen and a half , meant that i had a year and a half to fuck up my lungs , and half a year to suffer for it ... 
  anyway , what are your obligations that get in the way of fun-time ? 
   so in light of that , what 's an area of lore you each feel less-than-confident in , or at least what area of lore do you hold the least mastery over ? 
  higher metaphysics . 
  i normally just put on a big mouth and bluff like my life depends on it . 
  i should really get more into it , because it is very interesting , but i ca n't bring myself to it . 
  between now and my birthday , though , i 'll be in greece for a while . 
  the legal buying age is also 18 there , but i got money , and they do n't . 
  also , tobacco costs shit there . 
  i 'm dutch , i can handle my shit . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ ^ was n't ^ ^ ^ ^ even ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ funny ^ ^ ^ ^ play ^ ^ ^ ^ on ^ ^ ^ ^ words , ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  look at you being a hipster :p, 
  i can imagine why you would give it up after more than a year . 
  i had the same thing with civ iv , but i 'm under the impression that civ v is better than iv . 
  in v i can play with the best motherfucking pirates in history : the watergeuzen .
