  two friends of mine have sudenly started sending links to bands to me , so i 'm listening to those . 
  from those links i actually enjoyed ` sigur r\u00f3s ' and ` godspeed you !, 
  black emperor ' the most, 
  well , there is a map of the western seas of tamriel , which only shows two or three islands that are left of yokuda . 
  there might still be some lefthanded elves , but that is all speculation . 
  ( i 'm on my phone now , so i will give the link to the map a bit later ) . 
  that is always problematic , especially seeing the dubious truths of the igs . 
  btw : are we still making that pronounciation guide everyone was so on about two weeks back , or did that idea die out ? 
  i want to try somethings out with international phonetic alphabet , but i 'm not the best guy to find the right pronounciation to start with . 
  i hate english ... 
  [ this ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/cosmology ) page explains a lot about the cosmology of the tes universe . 
  with most of these things , it is the misperception of mortals trying to place a shape or concept they can not understand ( like why the planets and moons appear as spheres , while they are infinite in size ) . 
   what are your favourite games/series that were n't on pc ? 
  very , very fond memories of playing ratchet & clank on the ps2 . 
  those games awed me , and i find myself many times plugging my old , dusty ps2 back in , just to play that series . 
  played it for about ten minutes at a mate 's house . 
  game is absolutely nuts . 
  nirn is already spacefaring . 
  the imperials , altmer and kahjiit have already been to the moons . 
  along with this , we are talking about a world where immortal , almost omnipotent spirits have their own realm . 
  you should accept that physics work differently in a fictional universe . 
  we had a similair discussion about destroying daedric princes a while back . 
  the conclusion : physics in the tes universe work completely different from those in our world . 
  the things you raise are bassicly in the sources already linked : you try to fit the world in a mortal view , a point of view that is intracetly impotent to fathom these things . 
  o , and the ` just more lore ' thing : that is the only source of the tes physics . 
  if all the groups on tamriel belief this , who are we as outsiders to say otherwise ? 
  well , there is n't a timeline where that did n't happen . 
  there was a dragon break ( which was called the warp in the west ) , which fucked with time in such a way that all possible endings happened at the same time . 
  but what is mannimarco in oblivion then ? 
  he might be a aspect of the god of worms , or he might simply be someone who took the name , out of symbolic reasons . 
  i do n't buy that they are related to the khajiit . 
  that is most likely igs bullshit ( the same group of people that grouped argonians and khajiit together as the beast races , and claimed redguards were unrelated to the other races of men . ), 
  you can see something that might be hands , but they 're more imperial coloured then altmer coloured . 
  i could n't find sources that claimed that the ` original ' ( if there is a diffetence ) mannimarco was altmer . 
  i do n't think that your proposed alliances would work out . 
  first off , hammerfell has its own problems besides the ad , with the forebears , crowns and lhutonics all at each others throats . 
  likewise , skyrim is in a as of yet undecided civil war . 
  only high rock ( which is still part of the empire ) is , to our knowledge , relativly peaceful . 
  and that is what makes an alliance with them dangerous . 
  bretons are shrewed bastards , and if they can ally themselves with two almost destroyed provinces , it will be virtually impossible for hammerfall to retain the power . 
  in short : hammerfall has too many problems as it is , and allying themselves with high rock will only help the bretons . 
  it was sunk by the imperial navy , irc . 
  it is true that they get the mother 's race with some of the father 's features . 
  we can still see that the bretons are very similair to the imperials . 
  however , if this interbreeding goes on for long enough , these features will become more pronounced , eventually cumulating into the bretom race . 
  they are all in the compilation , if you are really interested . 
  i might make something like a collection , but i want to finish the entire series beforehand . 
  the gods did n't place all towers , just adamantia and red mountain ( and that was possibly not entirely on purpose ) . 
  all the other towers were created by mer . 
  for as far as i know ( and i admit , xenoposeidon will most likely know more ) the hist are as old ( if not older ) than the et ` ada . 
  they also do not venerate daedra or aedra ( they only acknowledge them ) . 
  so i would say : no , they do not hold any relation with y' ffre , or the woodelves . 
  some say they survived the previous kalpa ( how or what , i do not know ) . 
  this would indeed not make them older than the et ` ada ( my bad ) , but it still would n't change that they hold no relation to the et ` ada or the ehlnofey, 
  wood elves protect the trees , and do n't venerate them . 
  they have to protect nature , because of the green pact with y' ffre . 
  further than that : i do n't think bosmer and argonians are related . 
  seeing the relation khajiit have with moonsugar and skooma , along with the feline traits , i would say it is typical for khajiit . 
  i would disagree , but it depends on your interpertation of the word ` atheism ' . 
  if it is purely about the belief in god ( s ) , you 're right . 
  but i take it as the ( dis ) belief in supernatural beings . 
  while in our world the existence of god is a purely metaphysical debate , the daedra make themselves seen by mortals , and aedra sometimes . 
  the dwemer just do n't see them as supernatural . 
  the orcs were originally aldmer ( ancestors of all mer ) . 
  they followed the elven god trinimac . 
  trinimac was at some point eaten by the daedric prince boethiah , changing the elven god into the daedric prince malacath . 
  his followers were then cursed by this transformarion into the orsimer , or orcs ( they hate the name orsimer ) . 
  the only relation is that they are ( originally ) mer , and are cursed by daedra . 
  however , it is important to note that the chimer chose to follow daedra , while the ancestors of the orcs chose to side with trinimac ( who was aedra ) . 
  other than both descending from aldmer , i can not think of anything . 
  you could also just type the title in the search bar of uesp . 
  they have all the books transcribed, 
  very little to nothing . 
  try to relate it to real life ; how many christians know about the full theology of christianity ? 
  would they know the exact role of the devil ? 
  or the position of archangels in the hierarchy of angels ? 
  gongratulations to lachdonin !, 
  i 've spent way too little time on this sub the past half week , because i was at a schoolproject that went on from 8.30 to 21.00 each day , with ( in everyones eyes the best part ) a ` extra activity ' in the pub , which caught all my time . 
  anyone else doing something different from normal ? 
  tiber septim was in any case dragonborn , but about all the other emperors we do n't know . 
  i vaguely remember someone commenting that dragonborn reffers to the fact that all emperors since alessia were blessed by akatosh . 
  true , my mistake, 
  all my grandparents were from the south of the country ( which was already liberated by that time ) , except for my grandfather in amsterdam . 
  while he died before i was born , i do know the stories my grandmother and parents told me of how he and his family were forced to eat flower bulbs . 
  yes . 
  the pankratosword split the atomos ( the uncutable ) . 
  bassicly they created a all-powerful swordsinging technique that could split something similar to an atom ( it is hard to apply real world names and logic , eventhough it is quite solid in this case ) . 
  splitting a bunch of atoms gives enough force to level a pretty big area . 
  i remember my parents telling me that their old cat used to use a mirror in their living room to see when someone grabbed something in the kitchen . 
  you should n't stop yourself from posting things because someone else did something similair . 
  there are already posts in the compilation of about any race in tamriel , but i still wrote the series . 
  thing is , since so much of the lore is vague , it is entirely possible that people draw completely sifferent conclusions . 
  can you summerise the lore for me ? 
  i 've been thinking of a fitting comment for days , but it gets incredibly typical sweet , or incredibly offensive , so i will refrain from it, 
  ( you asked for it ), 
  lady nerevar not answering your question is really bugging you , innit ? 
  all joking aside , though : nice write-up !, 
  one small thing , though :, 
   despite the possibility of the ayleid 's knowing about the mane - and the ayleids having died out in the 1st era ( ... ), 
  the ayleids did n't die out in the first era .
