  i ca n't really have a serious conversation . 
  a conversation about bullshit subjects is just fine , but serious ones are impossible at that moment . 
  depends , i had times that i really fucked up relations with people because i was stoned , and times that i made long lasting friends through it . 
  the exact situation makes all the difference . 
  chorrol : probably service or a small produce industry . 
  the fact that the main chapter of the fighter 's guild is situated there makes me lean more to the former . 
  anvil : like you said , a port town . 
  it has a lot of contact with hammerfell and the remains of yokuda , which makes it a good gateway to the cyrodiilic market . 
  kvatch : there is not enough left of the city to make a reasonable guess . 
  probably something similar to skingrad ? 
  skingrad : again , like you said , an economy based on luxery products . 
  wine , meat , garments , anything of higher value . 
  bruma : probably a trade centre for nordic goods . 
  it is possible the bruma economy revolves around nordic crafts like smithing and fresh imported fish , but oblivion does n't shed much light on it . 
  cheydinhall : a gateway for dunmeri goods . 
  telvanni bug musk , dwemer artefacts ( how illegal thet may be ) , dunmeri books , you name it : it all goes through cheydinhall into the rest of the empire . 
  leyawiin : leyawiin is a port town . 
  it controls the mouth of the niben , and has a land connection to both elsweyr and argonia . 
  if ships do n't lay there , they probably have to pay a toll to get to the ic . 
  bravil : initially a port town , but pretty much left on its own because of its proximity to the ic and leyawiin . 
  nowadays , most of the trade is illegal , being a centre for skooma and moonsugar trade due to its proximity to elsweyr . 
  imperial city : everything . 
  it is a major port town , and due to its good connection to the rest of the province and the empire , it functions as a nexus of trade and services . 
  plus , this would be the place most of the taxes end up . 
  magnus is a magna-ge , one of the four groups of et ` ada . 
  the first two being the aedra and daedra , and the last being the ehlnofey , who gave up or lost their divinity to become mortal . 
  the highest powers are anu and padomay , the primordial forces of stasis and change . 
  above them is the dreamer , who dreamt of the world , but he is mostly an uninvolved party in the universe . 
  it 's possible . 
  i recall there being some mines around chorrol , and the area would be fit for logging . 
  similarly , the area around bruma would be fit for mining ( if there is anything in the ground there , but again , the games do n't show it ) . 
  seeing the fact that imperial culture focusses extremely heavily on trade , i guess they also function as trade centres on the cyrodiilic infrastructre ( albeit in a smaller amount than leyawiin , anvil or the ic ) . 
  the magna-ge are the followers of magnus . 
  being divine , and not mortal , makes it impossible for him to have offspring . 
  he is the leader of a group of divines dubbed the magna-ge . 
  it does not make him one of them per se , but , for the sake of convenience , he is grouped with them . 
  another important part of the magnus is that he does not directly intervene in the affairs of mundus . 
  the daedra are very actively involved , and the aedra often chime in ( as with the avatars of mara and talos met in morrowind , and the dragon of akatosh at the end of oblivion ) . 
  the magna-ge supposedly only appear during dragon breaks . 
  he is split from aka , not akatosh . 
  akatosh is also split from aka . 
  akatosh , being the most well known of the time gods , takes the role of the primal time-dragon . 
  he is n't ( necessarilly ) above alduin . 
  what canon ? 
  the in-game sources do n't agree on most things , so i would n't rely too much on the words of alduin himself . 
  it turns into similar as historical research . 
  sources are never trustworthy on their own ( since the person who wrote something down , or makes a claim any other way probably has a reason to say what he says ) , so you need to cross-reference and judge yourself what is ` believable ' , and what not . 
  not much . 
  the holidays have started ( i was down maybe a month ago , but now most of my friends are as well ) , so i 've been hanging out with friends a bit . 
  in related news , i started d&d for the first time . 
  my character almost lasted the entire first session : , ), 
  silly ayleids , only khajiit can climb like that . 
  [ it is more than just a metaphor . 
  the wheels of lull are very much real . 
  i agree with this . 
  similarly , white-gold was build in order to absorb aetherial energy/raw creatia , seeing the obsession the ayleids had with the wheel and light ( and the fact that after the oblivion crisis and the destruction of the aok the elder scrolls disappeared from the tower , and popped up throughout tamriel ) . 
  when the imperials took over , the tower also fulfilled their reality , namely as the most ambitious and far-reaching force of tamriel , and possibly mundus . 
  the numidium on the other hand was n't so much meant to absorb worldly or magical power , but to destroy reality ( which he is sort of good with ) . 
  interesting . 
  i 've been out of tes for a while now , so i might need to read up on a thing or two . 
  it does n't completely discredit mantia meaning freedom , as liberty can be seen as an institutionalised form of freedom , but i do like this explanation of it . 
  overlooked that line . 
  still , there still is n't given a reason how his father could have been from a different kalpa , which leaves certain questions . 
  to be fair , he referred to pelinal as an `` pelinal was and is an insane collective swarmfoam war-fractal from the future '' , and the question he answered on it during the ama a while back asked if he was a cyborg/robot . 
  it kind of rests in the middle somewhere . 
  and yeah , i was a bit busy the previous months , but i have some time now . 
  the next volume mentions that the weapons of the ayleids were unable to pierce his armour , and that pelinal admitted it was n't made by men ( although that could be a simply a narrative device , and not necessarily his words ) . 
  still , we know that pelinal is actually an acronym for prototype extra-liminal interstitial nirnian assault lattice , and in this thread i also dealt with the robotic/cyborg elements to pelinal . 
  i would say the personal pronouns are too regular ( considering real world languages , those tend to be a mess ) . 
  it does n't list the forms for the neuter of the verb and the ( pro ) nouns , but i assume they would use the masculine form ( similar to most indo-european languages , although the nominative and accusative generally have a different form from the masculine , while the rest of the paradigm does not ) . 
  finally , the gender forms of verbs seems a bit ... strange . 
  i do n't know any language that does that ( although there is bound to be a language that does ) , but generally those morphological processes are more regular . 
  these paradigms switch between changes at the beginning and the end of the ending , while normally those morphemes would be regularly affixed ( either at the start of the verb ( prefix , completely loose from the ending of the verb . 
  in most languages something similar is used to create conjugated verbs , like how `` to get '' means something else than `` to forget '' , just by the prefix `` for - '' ) , in the middle of the verb ( either between the root and the ending , or fixed to the start of the ending . 
  ancient greek uses this often to indicate tense and mood , and in old irish this is a standard way to express an personal pronoun functioning as an object , as there is no independent form for that ) , or at the end of the word ( suffix . 
  i ca n't give a direct example of a suffix on a verb other than an ending , but there should be languages that do this . ), 
  still , it looks nice , and creating a language is incredibly difficult . 
  best of luck to you , and i might chip in sometime if i have some spare time . 
  as a form of the afterlife ? 
  definitely . 
  the redguards believe in the far shores . 
  according to their creation myth , ruptga/tall papa aligned the stars to show the road to the far shores for the diseased spirits . 
  the imperials believe that the dead go to aetherius . 
  i do n't know the exact myths or the process of travelling to it , but dialogue from oblivion seems to imply it is a widespread believe of the imperials . 
  this was a the acronym / u/numinit made up on a facebook message . 
  mk liked it and rolled with it . 
  pronouns are a bitch , especially in most indo-european languages . 
  alright . 
  from what i saw ( and i do n't know much about italian , so there 's that ) only the past participle has a ending based on gender if the perfect is formed with a form of `` avere '' and with the personal pronoun preceding the verb , and always when the perfect is formed with `` essere '' ( similar to french , which also uses a feminine form in the perfect when formed with `` etre '' ), 
  still , the gender is always indicated by an ending . 
  my main point was that the place where the gender is visible is always the same . 
  redundancy and personality are what make languages interesting . 
  still , i would go with some form of regularity , [ since even the most complex elements in languages normally used to be regular ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/indo-european_copula ) . 
  but yeah , it does work , only there is n't ( at least to my knowledge ) no basis for the current system in linguistics ( but i have n't really looked into universal grammar yet ) . 
  most go to the dreamsleeve , which is unrelated to aetherius . 
  aetherius is the realm of the magna-ge , who have separated themselves from mundus , and only seem to appear during dragon breaks . 
  normally its the dreamsleeve or a daedric realm , which make places like sovngarde a bit confusing , since they seem to be a seperated realm from the others . 
  that , or sovngarde is a part of the dreamsleeve , and souls that go there are recycled after a while , some way or the other . 
   the followers of the imperial cult calls their afterlife simply `` heaven '' . 
  i 've never heard them call it that .
