  with the music theme in mind , my guess it is some sort of sheet music of the aurbis . 
  with mundus being incredibly unstable and shifting , only that that has happened can be fixed in writing , with what is still to come being undocumentable . 
  also : you also copied the toolbar below your post in the text ... en leuk om een kaaskop te zien !, 
  * immediately, 
  * oblivion, 
  * morrowind , oblivion , skyrim , and a bit of daggerfall ( and yes : i did beat the starter dungeon ), 
  * morrowind , by far, 
  bouyant armigers : it 's the standard indoril helm . 
  most of them venerate saint nervar , from whom the mask was fashioned . 
  college of winterhold : it 's the sigil that can be found in the stained glass there . 
  the eye is a symbol of magic , and the five points represent the five magic schools in tes v. 
  mages guild : same thing as the college , with the points also representing mysticism , alchemy , and enchanting . 
  telvanni : it 's a symbol shown on their banners . 
  i think it represents the mushroom towers they grow . 
  tribunal : the hand is a representation of the word garthok , which means hand or extension . 
  it is theme touched on in the 36 lessons . 
  myhic dawn : it 's a rising sun , of course . 
  psjijic : i do n't know, 
  dwemer : i think it is the puzzle box from a quest in morrowind . 
  julianos : do n't know, 
  moth priest : the ancestor moth . 
  it is important to their rituals , as the silk of these moths can store memories . 
  then there are some costum flairs , which the mods have assigned to some people . 
  the mods have the imperial banners . 
  mr_flippers flair is the mane in between two moons , represening the mane as the third . 
  salivific has a stylised seeker head from dragonborn . 
  mojonation1487 has an daedric oht , because he is the mankar expert . 
  myrrlyn and numinit have a coda symbol as a flair . 
  this is a real life sheet music symbol . 
  i have an imperial geographic society flair , which is a sextant and a pole star , symbolising exploration and discovery . 
  gerka has a dancer flair , because he uploaded a clip of him dancing , breaking the dragon in the proces . 
  a bed time stor about the argonians ? 
  by all means . 
  it 's a jolly day , after all, 
  this was beautiful . 
  you made it very argonian as well , which i like . 
  also , this is probably the only slightly reasonable kid in all three threads . 
  that actually made a lot more sense than i thought it would when you said you 'd do it . 
  i can almost hear this old raspy vlice tell the tale semi-bored . 
  it 's wonderful !, 
  in your case , asking the mods might be enough . 
  the rest of us still have to show our merits . 
  i agree with nigh-thawks that xrib is most likely a falmer deity . 
  the dwemer would never venerate the gods , as that was against their philosophy . 
  the falmer , however , have been known to be very religious , and , with the decline of the race into savagery , it is not so strange to imagine that their gods became more savage as well . 
  the argonians names are given to them at an early age . 
  it is very important to note that argonians undergo two life phases : a short on as a semi-intelligent swamp-lizard , and a much longer one as a proper argonian . 
  on the naming day , the young lizards are given sap from the hist . 
  there are conflicting sources on what the name is based . 
  it could be that an argonian gets the name from what he or she did in the earliest phase , but one theory says that it is given after the drinking of the sap . 
  this sap shapes the argonian , giving him his physical traits , as well as mental capabilities and charecteristics . 
  since argonian ` profiles ' are kept and recycled by the hist , it is entirely possible that the names stem from an association with the previous owner ( s ) of the same profile . 
  to avoid further conflict of terms : snow elves is pre-corruption , falmer after . 
  i should have been clearer . 
  we know that the snow elves were strong worshippers of auri-el , and the altmeri pantheon . 
  what happened , in my opinion , was that with the change from snow elf to falmer , becoming more and more savage , their religion shifted as well , coming to represent crueler and simpler concepts , to fit the falmer . 
  this is the most daunting bedtime story yet . 
  i love that !, 
  the dwemer really hated lorkhan , but you 're right in saying that they saw his heart as a tool to escape mundus . 
  that was most likely the point of tonal architecture . 
  `` i do n't know why the pages are sticky , i swear ! '', 
  we know that they saw mundus as a prison , and they blamed lorkhan for this . 
  however , a warden also has the key to the prison . 
  by manipulating the remains of the warden , they hope to find the key . 
  after some discussion with mk in the memospore he revealed that the whole aurbis is in fact music . 
  myrrlyn made these [ two ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1oybze/aurbis_the_musical/ ) [ posts ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1p1fip/aurbis_2_colorful_boogaloo/ ) about the metaphysical implications , and i joined in with this [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1ql19t/the_role_of_mortals_in_the_aurbical_musical_and/ ) about the cultural effects . 
  the logs of the initial discussion should be linked in at least one of the posts , or in the comments . 
  did n't mk said that he was ` balls and ego-trippin ' at the same time ' ? 
  found it !, 
   oct 17 23:58:08 < transcrybyr  how does the sharmat 's line i am older than music tie in with the concept of music as a fundamental element of the world ? 
  oct 17 23:59:01 < mk  nice one . 
  he 's ego-trippin ' and balls-trippin ' at the same time . 
  remember , that quote is from the sermons . 
  consider the source . 
  the commentaries on the mysterium xarxes were a lore heavy book , and it 's a shame that skyrim did not have an opus along the lines of this , or the sermons . 
  still , looking at the bigger picture , skyrim had more to offer lore-wise . 
  the dragon lore was great , and the culture of the nords was expanded on . 
  tie this in with the fate of the dunmer , the thalmot , and the reachmen , and skyrim just has more for the lore fan . 
  also , i have n't seen the article . 
  i generally detest dutch game journalism , but i 'm curious , now that two of my favourite games are named . 
  forgot about that completely !, 
  that was a great text , and it did give cyrodiil an important part of lore . 
  still , i do n't feel it can uphold to the lore of skyrim . 
  [ blocked by dominion prism firewall . 
   starry heart, 
   that whole fucking thing is fargoth, 
   it was made either out of 12 planets, 
   or from two brothers that split in the womb, 
   either way , it 's the primal wail, 
   and those that grew up on it, 
   they ca n't help but hear it, 
   and add to it, 
   or try to control it, 
   or run from it, 
   the reason there is fargoth on tamriel at all, 
   is because it exists, 
   it was and is, 
   and it will not stop, 
   there are repeats in it, 
   plays on a tune,
