  while the yokudans know the hoonding that will help them in times of need , and the dunmer had their living gods , the imperials are left to their own religious accords . 
  this was also a reason why the imperial cult would quickly lose its followers following the oblivion crisis and the collapse of the third empire . 
  this loss of power of the imperial cult was furthered after the ban on talos worship , leaving the followers of the imperial faith without their personal god . 
  so for the theme of the common folk , i thought about writing something about something that is close to the common people , which is a sense of a nation . 
  because of this , here is a piece about nationalism in tamriel , and real world parallels to clarify, 
  in our world , nationalism has been a big political philosophy ever since the 18th century , when public spheres ( i.e. 
  the ` realm ' of contact between people ) in europe began to extent to the entire country . 
  with the rise of an improved infrastructure , standardisation of language , and , in more recent times , a standard , country wide curriculum , national identities began to take shape . 
  while ` national pride ' had been a factor for longer ( think of the french revolutions , or the american war of independence ) , with the rise of universal suffrage , nationalism became an important player on the political stage . 
  nationalism is a pretty controversial philosophy , both described as a country 's blessing and curse . 
  this is due to the many forms this philosophy can take . 
  on one side , nationalism can be used to unite a country , sometimes in the face of a common enemy ( as happened with the united states ) . 
  on the other hand , it can also be used to enforce a country 's will on other countries , out of a false notion of supremacy ( as happened with nazi germany ) . 
  to make an analysis of these movements , i will only discuss a few of the manifestations of this philosophy : nationalism as a uniting factor , nationalism as a drive for independence , and nationalism as a tool for war . 
  nationalism takes on different forms in tamriel , due to the different social situation of the continent . 
  many nationalist ideologies used the idea of a ethnic unity to create a sense of unity . 
  whereas in our world the notion of ` race ' is controversial at best , and ethnicity is almost impossible to prove in historically heavily populated areas , such as western europe , the tes universe does know a strong division between races ( although the reachmen and the bretons somewhat cloud this distinction ) . 
  still , nationalism does exist , and i will give examples according the forms i mentioned earlier . 
  nationalism as a uniting factor, 
  a national identity can greatly unite an area , even if the difference can appear huge . 
  a good real world example is germany , which historically was distributed in many small city-states , king - and princedoms . 
  under bismarck and the prussian king wilhelm i , many different territories , with almost unintelligible dialects and different religions were put together , and formed the german empire ( which was the ancestral state of the current bundesrepublik ) . 
  the only way this new crafted , prussian-led empire could work , was with a sense of unity . 
  under the chancellorship of bismarck , many changes were made to create a sense of nationalism under the people . 
  this was done by multiple means , including writing more nationalist history , and making sure that catholic priests were educated by the state , and not the church . 
  cyrodiil shows multiple parallels with the german empire in this unifying of a nation . 
  as most of you know , the notion of a unified cyrodiil is relatively new , and can only really be used when talking about the times when cyrodiil knew a strong empire , be it under the alessian emperors , the remans , or the septims . 
  just like the many german states , cyrodiil was divided initially under many small communities of the ayeids , and in later years in the two cultural areas of colovia and nibenay . 
  during the time of tiber septim , the colovian warlords were all conquered under the banner of cuhlecain , and he later also united nibenay under his rule . 
  these areas , however , were in no way a unity in these days , and it was the work of the empire to forge a sense of oneness . 
  like the german empire , the third empire also made sure to have more religious influence and a nationalist-friendly history . 
  religion was not so much an obstacle for the empire , as the groundwork for a unified religion was already laid down by the alessian order , centuries before the birth of tiber septim . 
  the imperial cult did , however , eagerly adopt tiber septim as a symbol of the unity of men , and especially the imperials . 
  the next obstacle was the creation of a unity . 
  while the german empire could already work with a weak notion of unity due to the individual states having been part of the holy roman empire for so long , the third empire would have to dig deeper for a historical unity . 
  to create this history , and with it the sense of unity , the imperial geographical society played an integral part . 
  the igs was responsible for many works , hailing the first and second empires as eras of peace and stability throughout the lands under her rule , and especially cyrodiil as a whole . 
  furthermore , under the reign of the third empire , the name ` imperial ' became increasingly popular to use , as opposed to either colovian or nibenese . 
  this was due to the igs ' work in depicting a common ancestry of the people of cyrodiil ( even though this ethnic background was clouded and barely documented under ayleid rule ) . 
  with these two developments , cyrodiil became a unity , for as long as the empire held ground . 
  nationalism as a drive for independence, 
  a sense of a cultural union has been the source of many wars of independence , and is still the source of many regional conflicts . 
  examples of this are many : the flemish wanting nothing to do with the wallonians , the irish war of independence , or half of spain . 
  for this post , i will draw use the basque country as the real world analogue . 
  the basque country , situated in northern spain and south western france , has long been a different cultural region in europe , with its own kitchen , culture and language . 
  this distinguished them from the other cultural regions within the current spanish state . 
  the basque country has long strived for independence . 
  while the relations had long been tense with the ( castilian ) spanish crown , and exploded during the carlist wars in the 18th century . 
  these wars were fought over the rights of the carlist lands , like catalonia and the basque country , which had been mostly autonomous . 
  the spanish crown was employing an increasing amount of political force on the individual regions , which the regions were n't so keen on . 
  eventually , after the third carlist war , and the spanish civil war years later , all these lands were firmly under the rule of madrid . 
  while most of these regions are autonomous again ( including the basque country ) , a strive for independence is still very much present . 
  while this is mostly peaceful , in the past , terrorism had been employed . 
  officially under a ceasefire since 2011 , euskadi ta askatasuna ( basque for basque homeland and freedom ) was in the past responsible for multiple car bombings and assassinations . 
  while eventually unproductive in the strive for independence , the eta had a long active history . 
  in the tes universe , a similar form of nationalism is present in the reach . 
  this area , historically contested between high rock and skyrim , is home to the reachmen , a group which is distinct from others in tamriel , having their own customs , pantheon , culture , and being of a different race altogether . 
  just like the basques , the reachmen lost their own state many centuries ago , to the first nordic empire . 
  while peaceful for a long time , most likely due to the military dominance of skyrim and later the empire . 
  this changed when the empire crippled following the oblivion crisis and the great war , and some reachmen , calling themselves the forsworn , saw their chance to retake markarth , which had in the past been reachmen territory . 
  this led to armed conflict with skyrim , and eventually the forsworn lost the city again . 
  the forsworn changed from a militant force to what we would consider a terrorist force . 
  the forsworn now employ assassinations to increase their leverage in the reach , in the hopes of once reclaiming it . 
  both the basques and the reachmen now a strong sense of identity . 
  due to their unique traits ( the basque language is completely unrelated to any other language , and the reachmen are ethnically distinct from the other races ) , they consider themselves separate , and as such want their own territory . 
  in both cases , the groups had already previously ruled over the respective areas , and lived there long before any ` foreign ' claim . 
  the reachmen are a perfect example of nationalism as a drive for independence . 
  even though they have been ruled for long by an external force , they still consider themselves the only true owners of their lands . 
  nationalism as a tool of war, 
  while the first two examples of nationalism were predominantly positive , nationalism also knows a darker side . 
  because of the idea of national pride , it is easy to fall into a sense of supremacy . 
  historically , many real world states have employed this feeling of supremacy to legitimise wars , with the well known example of nazi germany . 
  because any comparison with nazi germany will be driven faster in the ground than an american oil drill in the middle east , i will drop this example . 
  instead , i will take the example of the british empire . 
  ever since the 16th century , european states had been expanding their borders with overseas territories . 
  while the exact form of government differed per nation ( for instance : the dutch colonies only became state property well into the 18th century , and were before that private property of either the united east indian companies ( voc ) or the west indian company ( wic ) ) , the british were one of the earliest states to employ imperialisation . 
  the main difference between colonialism and imperialism lies in the cultural influence a state exerts over their overseas territories . 
  colonisation is normally only confined to port towns , and is mainly focussed on trade . 
  imperialisation is expressively focussed on the transmission of the culture and language of the homeland ( most of the time with the motive of creating a new market for own products ) . 
  since imperialisation expands over an entire foreign cultural region , it led to aggressive expansion wars , with the boer wars and the zulu war in south africa as notable examples . 
  these were both extremely bloody wars , and led to deaths well in the thousands . 
  in the united kingdom itself , these wars were justified by notion of cultural supremacy . 
  the british were there to bring culture to the ` savages ' ( note : this excuse was not used for the boers wars , as this was against another european ( or ` white ' ) group ) , giving them the wonders of modern technology and christianity . 
  in most cases , this was enough to convince the british populace in supporting the imperialisation of their colonies . 
  the british were successful in the imperialisation , until the aftermath of the second world war . 
  due to the crippling blow of the war effort , no european state was able to maintain their full colonial empire for much longer . 
  in some cases the decolonisation happened relatively peaceful , as with mali and nigeria , but in some cases this was met with wars of attrition , like the decolonisation of indonesia and vietnam . 
  even though most countries no longer have colonies , some overseas territories still exist , like the antilles ( the netherlands ) and french guiana ( france ), 
  in the tes universe , overseas colonialism has never been truly achieved , and even the akaviri potentates operated without support from akavir itself . 
  still , imperialism is present , and the best example of this is the expansionist effort of the third empire . 
  after tiber septim secured the ruby throne and the support of high rock and skyrim , he began his campaign to unite tamriel . 
  while this was internally explained as reclamation of past glory of the empire , a lot of imperial traders were very happy with a larger market . 
  while the imperial imperialisation was n't as aggressive as the british one ( religions and cultures were mainly left untouched ) , the septims did make sure to have every political institution firmly under their control , to give all imperial traders the freedom to trade throughout the empire , and to institute one language to unite the empire . 
  while some provinces were pretty quick to unify under the dragon standard , like skyrim and high rock , others fought very bloody wars with the empire , like hammerfell and the summerset isles . 
  like with the british empire , these war efforts were fuelled by the idea that imperials were overall superior to the other nations , due to their long history of influential empires . 
  also like the british empire , cyrodiil was quick to lose its territories after the damage of the oblivion crisis , and lost even more after the great war . 
  while strong efforts were made to impose the own culture on external lands , it was ultimately in fain . 
  and with this i will conclude my post . 
  i hope you all enjoy it . 
  the initial idea for this text was completely different , so there might be more on the beautiful in the future .
