a nice way , albeit not so subtile , to drive someone insane , is by threatening that you will do anything in your power to drive him/her insane , and that the person in question can expect your work in every corner of his/her life . 
  after that , do n't do anything at all . 
  watch the person looking behind every corner , always afraid of your ` jokes ' and ` pranks ' . 
  they will slowly go insane and live the rest of their lifes in constant fear . 
  they were already trying to digitize the manuscripts . 
  the problem is , however , that the whole collection contained hundreds of thousands of manuscripts , which al had to be transcribed ( since the pages were too fragile for scanning ) . 
  plus , most of these writings contained astronomical tables and drawings , which are harder to copy with computers . 
  personally , i believe that the only important aspect of religion is the actual belief in a higher power ( as the ethical part of religion can be considered as an aspact of culture in general ) . 
  now , of course this whole debate is pure metaphysical , and , since it is impossible for us to find a ` truth ' in metaphysics , we can not be absolutely certain of the existance or the non-existance of god or an other higher being . 
  because of this , it comes done to believing . 
  i do n't believe that there is a god , but , as i explained , i can not be absolutely sure , so i regard myself as an agnostic atheist . 
  i saw jedi knight ii : jedi outcast sitting on my cousins shelve . 
  i asked if i could borrow it for a while and i immidiatley burned it on another disk when i got back home . 
  i played the game so much it could n't run , eventually . 
  i personally found istanbul very impressive , or at least beyoglu and the central city , as i did n't see most of the rest of it ( it 's a big place ) . 
  i went there with my parents and sister . 
  my dad worked there for a couple of weeks , setting up a exhibition , so he showed us around . 
  what i found amazing of this part of the city was the relaxedness of the place . 
  people were treating eachother nicely , and radiated a feeling of ambition ( `` we 're going somewhere '' ) . 
  eventhough that felt amazing , i can only wonder how people are in the rest of the city . 
  plus , they were in mostly desert areas , just like hammerfell, 
  yes , but the physical appearence and mental abillities of khajiit are based on the stance of the moons during their birth , ranging from feral , tiger-like beasts to nearly human ( as seen in arena and daggerfall ) . 
  it is very unlikely that the nerevarine has dragonblood . 
  the nerevarine is the reincarnation of indoril nerevar , so he/she has the soul of nerevar . 
  if your theory is correct , that would mean that nerevar himself would be dragonborn , something that he himself should 've been aware of , as dragons were still roaming tamriel back then , yet no source confirms ( in your defence , if he was dragonborn , it might 've been ommited from sources out of political reasons , as the dragonborn is a very nord symbol , and nerevar and dumac dwarfking united to drive them out of resdayn ( modern day morrowind ) ) . 
  yup , but it 's still lore . 
  was n't lorkhan destroyed by the other aedra , seeing as auriel used his bow to launch lorkhans heart to where red mountain is ? 
  this would also explain why shor was n't seen in skyrim during the sovngarde part . 
  well , i can only imagine that [ the levitation act ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/oblivion:levitation_act ) has something to do with a horrible accident, 
  there is also the continent of yokuda , to the west of hammerfell , which is featured on [ this map ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/file:tam-maps-west_tamriel.jpg ) . 
  now that i look at it , it 's more a archipelago than a continent , yet it 's still reffered to as such . 
  technically , by completing morrowinds main quest line , you kill vivec . 
  when the neravarine destroys the heart of lorkhan , vivec loses his divinity and becomes mortal again , so he will eventually die ( and making someone stop living is one way to discribe `` killing '' ) . 
  so , to answer your qustion : yes, 
  the nerevarine is nerevar reborn ( as dagoth ur referes to him ) , the reincarnation of indoril nerevar . 
  for as far as i know , reincarnation means that you 're soul has already lived and is in a new body now ( it litteraly means `` put in flesh again '' ), 
  it does . 
  if i 'm not mistaken this would also make him divine ( to some extant ) , right ? 
  imo you ca n't really compare trying to reach chim with descartian meditation . 
  when trying to reach chim , a person must balance out the `` i am '' and the '' i am not '' ( or sort of balance out , it has been explained better in this thread ) , while according to descartes there was absolutely no question of i am not ( cogito , ergo sum : i think therefore i am ) . 
  my safest bet , judging from dialogue with the blade ghosts in sancre tor ( oblivion ) , would be that they go to aetherius , the void , like most poeple . 
  i do n't know about the legion , but i did remember somethings about the other two . 
  first , the order of the dragon : from what i understood it 's pufely a honourary knight order ( much like most real world european countries have ) . 
  the blades , however , were clearly not just an honourary order.uesp says that the emporer personally named citizens into the blades for showing extraordinary loyalty . 
  they trained at their headquarters at cloud ruler temple in cyrodiil . 
  i see ... 
  i was n't aware of the difference in meaning in the tes universe . 
  my bad, 
  not a parent , but i remember a story one of my mother 's co-workers told her . 
  when her son was just a few months old ( too young to show a sign of intelligence ) she wanted to change his diapers . 
  she laid him on a table , and when she turned around to grab the pack of diapers behind her , he rolled of the table and hit his head on the ground . 
  now , the kid has severe learning problems , and has to go to a special school . 
  he was too young for anyone to know if he was already retarded before the accident , but the mother never forgave herself for making him ` stupid ' ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  the reincarnation idea sounds really interesting ( and it makes me like the knights of the nine expansion a lot more ) . 
  but what do you mean with `` his mind is caught on a point of time '' , and how does that work for reman and the coc ( i can make a geuss what you mean for akatosh ) ? 
  i do n't think forsaking god would help achieving world peace . 
  most wars and conflicts were sparked by more practical reasons ( territory , resources , etc. ) . 
  religion was mostly an excuse to rally people . 
  with that logic , even if the world would suddenly become atheist , wars would still happen . 
  but to get back to the main question : i think he would be proud . 
  there are multiple religious groups who say that even atheist can be good people and religious bad ones . 
  there are huge amounts of archaeological and biological information to support the claim of humans originating in africa ; however for the sake of a debate surrounding ` humans ' in a fantasy world which has no ties to our own , i will not list them . 
  if some of the other comments are correct , man-mer breeding is possible due to a shared ehlnofey heritage , and , applying real world logic , having enough in common to be able to create offspring ( comparable to horses and donkeys being able to produce mule offspring , minus the infertility ) . 
  that is probably used the same way as someone in the real world would refer to the u.s.a. as america , or to the netherlands as holland ; not because they are correct , but because they are the most used , and everyone immediately understands what you mean ( might be wrong examples , as those are both incorrect names , but you get the point ), 
  i agree that it is debatable ( if someone has a link to in-game sources : i 'd like to see them ) , but seeing they did n't hit huge criticism , i 'm sticking with them, 
  definitly claws . 
  that way i won ' t have a frantic snake flopping around in my mouth , trying to kill me , but i could still scare little children ( and older ones too , probably ) . 
  one question on this : the in-game book ` father of the niben ' ( which is an aldmeris epic ) mentions topal the pilot ( presumably the first aldmer around ) seeing `` the cat demons of four legs and two '' . 
  i know that this is an epic , stylized and unrealistic , but it would explain kahjiit originating on their own . 
  how would the bosmer heritage fit in ? 
  to add to that : you 're right about the skin . 
  they were darker than altmer and lighter than the dunmer , according to `` 2920 , second seed '' . 
  went to normandy for five days , looking at old stuff ( like the bayeux tapestry ) , and on the way back home stayed a night in bruges , belgium to do a bar-tour with some fdiends . 
  that was a great week . 
  thanks for the support , mate . 
  i have a bit more time this than last week , so i 'm thinking of doing two or three volumes this week . 
  i can not play any instrument whatsoever , but i would love to be able to play the uillean pipes ( irish pipes ) . 
  those things have a wonderful sound , plus i really like folk , espacially from celtic areas, 
  gameplay wise i 'm divided about skyrim ; at one side i enjoy being able to build a character as i play , and not having to stick with the things i chose bedore i had even seen the world , but it 's a bit too simple for such an rpg . 
  plot - and worldwise , i loved it . 
  i loved the ruggedness and the questionable ethics of the world ( racism and slavery still looked like great ideas ) of morrowind , which i missed in oblivion , but saw again in skyrim . 
  added a sentence on aldmer religion , since i seemed to have forgotten that, 
  how would they be taller ? 
  do you base that on the fact that other mer are shorter than altmer ? 
  i remember that passage , but i thought that just referred to low hanging branches ( but that might be a metaphor ) . 
  i ca n't stop laughing xd, 
  we 're talking about people with the power to change the climate to what they wish , and make the very earth shudder . 
  i do n't think a dragonborn would have a lot of trouble with tearing an army apart, 
  acckrding to other things i read on here , mist mortals go to the afterlife they believed in ( there are exceptions , like werewolfs , who are always claimed by hircine ) . 
  since sovngard is a nord form of the afterlive , i 'm geussing the dragonborn can only come there if he 's nord , but being a incredible powerful being linked to lorkhan , it may be different for them . 
  plus , you would only need one to shout an entire regiment to peaces for the akviri armies to surrender and show their honour and/or swear fealty to the dragonborn . 
  it sounds interesting , in any case , but i 'm wondering just how much this monogamy is unique to altmer ( not counting the supposed promiscuity of the dark elves ) . 
  interisting . 
  i might include this . 
  do you have a source ? 
  i think i 'm going to add this , i think . 
  edit : i 've added this just now , but it 's still a bit messy though . 
  i will rewrite some more tomorrow , to make it fit better with the rest of the text, 
  from what i understood ( i admit i just scanned the text and did n't thouroughly read it ) , this was/is common practise for nobility in general and not necesarily for the altmer . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong .
