  still , the dwemer did acknowledge gods within the dream . 
  they were as unreal as the dwemer themselves ( or anything else , for that matter ) , but they did still exert influence within the dream . 
  i guess this is more a discussion wether or not the dream can be considered real , and if things in the dream can be considered real within the dream ( if that makes sense ) . 
  creation played some role in it , but that is n't everything . 
  because of aka being more ` anuic ' ( if that is still a usable distinction on the subgradient of et ` ada ) , the chaos of the dawn era was harder for him to watch . 
  he called convention , with the goal of figuring out what to do with lorkhan and mundus . 
  he forces himself on mundus , crashing head-first into it . 
  aka shattered pretty mytho-litterally . 
  i think the pge 's were published on paper , but they are collector items know , so i doubt you can find those . 
  lorewise , i 'd think the 36 lessons of vivec would be good . 
  problem is that we know the hist are able to alter the argonian genetic make-up ( or the tes equivalent ) . 
  it does n't include breeding , but who knows ? 
  hmm , i have my doubts with the current format , but i kind of mentioned that just now on the memospore as well . 
  if we want to have a reliable source for the deeper lore ( since elderscrolls wiki and uesp are n't fully providing in that ) , i do n't think unsourced apocrypha or fanlore are really fit . 
  it will turn out to be almost the same as the compilation , without the constructive and correcting criticism . 
  i might be misunderstanding it , and i am willing to help , but these are my thoughts on it . 
  oh , alduin is n't the nordic god of destruction . 
  that is way to unspecific . 
  he is the world-eater , not just a wrecking ball . 
  he has his purpose ( which he refrained from following in skyrim ) , and that is to eat mundus , and reset time to convention , ending the kalpa . 
  just calling him a force of destruction would n't honour his role in the aurbis . 
  the moons are n't illusions , their shapes are . 
  the moons are infinite in size , but since a mortal mind can not understand infinity ( especially when one infinity is bigger than the other ) , we see them as globes . 
  also , moon travel had been pretty common . 
  at least the second empire and the second aldmeri dominion had active voidprogrammes , the khajiit simply climbed up there , and cyrus the restless once fought tiber septim there ( look for tiber septim 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless on til ) . 
  according to the swors meeting , it is pretty barren , with no flora . 
  still , i would n't be surprised if there was life on there , seeing that the moons are actually the teared up body of lorkhan . 
  generally , the moons are considered tied to lorkhan , as they are his torn up body . 
  still , azura does seem somehwat linked to the moons . 
  she tied the khajiit to the lunar lattice , and the moon appears on the ring . 
  i think in this case that the moon and star are symbols for the dusk , but i 'm not really certain of this . 
  that is not important , since it 's symbolism . 
  when you see a star used as symbol for something , you do n't need to know if it is the northern star or sirius . 
  it is just a star ( the one in the igs ( see my flair ) is an exception . 
  that certainly is the northern star , since it represents navigation ) . 
  the same applies probably in this case . 
  the moon in moon-and-star is just a moon , not necessarily masser or secunda . 
  all gods are infinite ( or at least the et ` ada , i do n't know if that implies to ascended mortals as well ) . 
  they are infinite in their sphere and size . 
  since the planets , the daedric realms ( and thus the moons ) ** are ** the gods , the infinity also applies to their realms . 
  also , concerning the open source lore : you are entitled to your own theories and ideas , but just because you think so does not make you right . 
  if it goes against all text we have of it , you 'll need to be a damn good writer to prove them wrong . 
  the races of tamriel are a mix of many real-world influences and made-up things . 
  the native american influence extends so far as that they are described as having a `` red-toned skin '' and that they came from the west . 
  their first names featured in the games seem a bit middle-eastern , and the trade caravans hint at influences from the many trading people around the sahara ( like the tuareg ) . 
  their full naming costums ( like the name frandar do hunding hel ansei no shira ) , and `` the book of circles '' show more japanese influences . 
  still , looking at them as just 1:1 real world cultures would not honour them enough , as the tes cultures are things on their own . 
  well , this proved more of a bitch to find , but here i go . 
  the pocket guide refers to the direnni hegemony forming a threat for the alessian empire , so it 's safe to say they were n't a part of it . 
  king borgas of skyrim was an ally of the alessian order , so skyrim would have had good ties with the first empire at times . 
  i do n't know if this extends so far as that skyrim was a part of the empire , but they were amical at times . 
  hammerfell is hard . 
  the redguards had n't yet arrived when the first empire was formed in 1e 266 , but were full fledged members of tamriel in 1e 2331 . 
  the pocket guide mentions that they conquered hammerfell from the bretons and orcs , which both were n't part of the first empire . 
  valenwood was most definitely not a member . 
  they were most of the time in open war with the alessian order , due to its anti-elf policy . 
  elsweyr is also problematic . 
  the confederacy was only founded in the second era , and the province was still divided in multiple kingdoms at the time . 
  it might not be unthinkable that some of them were allied with the empire , some were in conflict with them , and most just did n't care . 
  black marsh was not conquered by the first empire ( most of it is swamp , anyway , and not actually claimed land as with the other provinces ) . 
  morrowind was completely separate from the empire in this period , so that was n't claimed as well . 
  i guess we know how the altmer stood in all this . 
  now this should be taken with a grain of salt . 
  the first empire existed for more than 2000 years , so alliances could have shifted multiple times . 
  also , the current borders of the provinces were probably not as sharp ( or completely different ) than what they are at the time of the games , so what might now be considered black marsh , might have been cyrodiilic at times ( seeing that they were also host to many ayleid ruins , which were left alone by the alessian order ) . 
  now for the second empire . 
  skyrim was most definitely a member . 
  reman cyrodiil was dragonborn , which always plays nice with the nords . 
  i could n't find anything on high rock , so i ca n't say anything for sure . 
  hammerfell was most definitely conquered by the empire , and the remans were vital in keeping the crowns and forebears in check . 
  valenwood and the summerset isles were then the aldmeri dominion together , which were the other major force on the continent at the time . 
  i could n't find anything on elsweyr , but since the confederacy was only founded during the potentate , i guess they were independent from the second empire . 
  black marsh was most definitely conquered , if that is a usable term ( see what i wrote on the first empire ) . 
  morrowind was n't affiliated with the empire . 
  they fought many wars , and that only ended when the tribunal managed to broker a cease-fire , which did n't include giving up rights to the empire . 
  i could n't find any map ( but i did n't search much for that ) , and i have n't gotten round to the first empire of the nords . 
  also , as always , the borders that are known from the games were n't the same , as well as the political unity in most of those areas now . 
  i would n't be surprised if the high rock , hammerfellian , and elsweyr kingdoms all had their own stance on the empires , and switched sides continuously ( the same might apply to some great houses before the time of the tribunal or the first council ) . 
  also , some regions that are now considered part of a province might have behaved different . 
  the pocket guide mentions an increase in violence between valenwood and cyrodiil when the relations between the empire and western colovia improved , and the reach might have been part of the empire , even though high rock and skyrim might not . 
  depends on who you ask . 
  up until the 4th era , both skyrim and morrowind claimed the island as theirs . 
  the empire sort of calmed that conflict with the raven rock colony , which made the island bassicaly eec territory . 
  in the 4th era , skyrim let go of its claim on the island ( according to nord texts the island was given ) , giving free passage to the dunmer , amd showing goodwill . 
  i 'm on my phone right now , so linking is pretty hard , but i advise you to read myrrlyn 's pieces on music ( starting at aurbis : the musical ) . 
  now , as you now , a coda in musical notation ends a repetitive section , but it is still within that section . 
  as you pointed out , it is to have a special ending . 
  a special ending to the song ? 
  a coda does not have to be placed to signal the end of a song , just merely the end of a repetitive section . 
  the music goes on , but takes a new form , takes new sounds . 
  now this applies litteraly to the elder scrolls . 
  i think the blood moon is just the red appearance of a moon , and has nothing to do with the actual phases . 
  i 'm not entirely sure , but i do n't think it would effect the newborn khajiit in their form . 
  gameplay woild be the intial answer . 
  it would bot make for a fun game when the pc knows half the shour lexicon when he walks out of one tomb . 
  that is not to say you can not make up a nice lore answer . 
  it might be that the dragoborn is only attracted to one word at a time , or that that is the only usable word for a shout in a combat scenario . 
  the khajiit seem to be more concerned with the previous dream ( maybe they were in c0da because of that ? ) . 
  the twelve worlds were in anu 's universe , and their memory was what became nirn . 
  the altmer and imperials only consider their own dream .
