  other than that , he is most likely right about the previous universe , but nothing is known about that other than what is mentioned in the children 's annuad , and that the hist came from there . 
  the subgradience thing ai n't gon na be simple . 
  a level down from sithis and anui-el , and it gets pretty foggy who 's what ( some exceptions , of course ) . 
  the wanderers were hit pretty hard as well . 
  they lost a lot of their culture and knowledge , were mostly forced out of their ancestral lands , and had to wander around endlesly . 
  to be fair : i would prefer tamriel over an endless tundra or desert any day . 
  while the future is cloudy in an elder scroll , the past is fixed , and not open to interpretation . 
  you are referring to the nu-mantia intercept , right ? 
  padomaic forces do n't necessairily hate creation . 
  the elves hate it , and they love stasis . 
  lorkhan created mundus to create a space in which creatures could understand the wheel , because mundus is its hub . 
  by seeing the wheel , and understandig it , mortals could achieve chim , royalty ( why do you think they are called daedric ** princes ** ? 
  they are n't kings ) , and , as a result , become the amaranth , creating a new dream , and continuing exsistence . 
  it 's conjencture on my part , but it sounded logical in my head . 
  also , vivec and tiber , who both achieved chim , were considered kings , and chim-el adabal translates to amulet of kings . 
  it is also because wgt was build to attract loose creatia , which can maniphest as an elder scroll . 
  it 's from the series 2920 , specifically `` morning star , v1 '' . 
  aedra means ancestor in the way of `` those responsible for our existence '' , not necessairily genetic ancestors . 
  stuhn took part in creation , thus he is an aedra , nothing more , nothing less . 
  aedra are the ancestors of all but the hist and argonians . 
  mer and men have a common ancestor in the ehlnofey , lesser aedra who could not maintain their immortality , but did not die . 
  those are different aedra than the divines ( who never gave up their immortality ) or the earthbones ( who died ) , though . 
  there was a post on the bethesda forum , that said the reachmen more or less worship `` the same '' entities as the nords ( mythopoeia is a factor here , wo they are n't really the same ) . 
  i will look for the link somewhere this afternoon , but in any case , it 's entirely possible . 
  i 'm not stating on or the other claim is right , but the wiki is rarely right . 
  try uesp . 
  ashlander refers to the various different tribes in the ashlands of vvardenfell . 
  it is a cultural thing . 
  an ashlander in the city is still an ashlander ( just like a mongolian does not necessarily have to be nomadic and on horseback ) , and an house dunmer living in the ashlands is not necessarily an ashlander ( being nomadic and living in the gobi desert does not make you a mongolian ) . 
  being adopted in a tribe would make one an ashlander , as it means assimilation into the ashlander culture , but this is a rare occurence . 
  my provider tells me i ca n't access the site due to a decision of the court . 
  gongrats to laurelanthalasa !, 
  still busy , still no time . 
  i was hoping to be done with my booklist now , but i 'm still only at 14/20 ... 
  anyway , as soon as i get more time , i will start writing again , because i really miss it . 
  so what have others been up to ? 
  that 's ... creepy ... 
  yeah for proxies !, 
  there are also sources of other races travelling to tamriel . 
  2920 details the last year of the first era , when the tsaeci/akaviri were advisors and co-rulers with the reman emperors ( and later murdered him and become the potentates ) . 
  while it is historic fiction , the akavir were really there . 
  the song of the return is about how the atmorans settled tamriel , and how they found the native races in tamriel . 
  there are also sources of the yokudans settling tamriel , and the maormer from pyandonea raiding coastal cities ( and then getting their shit pushed in by the psjijic ) , but i ca n't recall the names or details at the time . 
  i will probably look them up later in the day . 
  edit : also , cyrus visits the remains of yokuda ( the orichalc islands ) in lord vivec 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless . 
  in the sidebar , next to your name , you can see a button to srlect ypur flair . 
  some say they might be an ofshoot of the same mer group as the khajiit , but since there is no mention of them in any myth or historical work at all , apart from the pge , i do n't think they are mer . 
  they might be a failed hist experiment ( reptiles are better suited to marshes and swamps than mamals , for instance ) , or they might be an independent species , with no affiliation to the hist . 
  i personally would go with the ` failed experiment ' explanation , but that is more out of an underbelly feeling . 
  he was most definitly not an imperial . 
  even the official ( most likely false ) history denies this . 
  according to the igs he was born as talos of atmora , and was one of the last people coming from the now frozen continent . 
  so according to the imperials , he was atmoran/nordic . 
  the problem with this , is that the last boat from atmora landed millenia before septim 's birth , so he is most likely not atmoran . 
  the now commonly accepted theory is that he was an high rock-born nord , named hjalti early-beard , born on betany . 
  so , like mk said , you are both sort of right . 
  1 ) my guess would be the infamous authority problem bosmer have . 
  they have notorious bad discipline . 
  2 ) they are one of the most freethinking races , very accepting of other ideas and opinions . 
  feeling a long lasting grudge is n't in their nature . 
  3 ) why fight so.ething you ca n't fight ? 
  the altmer are better trained , have a very strong and tight hierarchy , and overall better fighters . 
  also , they wo n't hesitate to burn whole valenwood down during an uprising ( which would incedently unleash th wild hunt , something they wo n't be able to stop ) . 
  azura sees her followers as a craftsman sees his tools . 
  if they are of bad quality ( i.e. 
  betray her ) she will toss them aside or break them . 
  but if they serve her right , she will take care of them . 
  she will mend them , be careful with them , and , if they break after long service , she might keep them as a memory , a keepsake . 
  there is the father of the niben , but it uses cryptic descriptions for the other merkinds , like cat-demons for khajiit , and birdmen for ayleids . 
  they most definitly are n't a beast race . 
  that term is shady as it is ( khajiit are more closely related to elves and men than to argonians , and nothing is known about the ancestry of the imga and lilmothiit ) , and ayleids do n't seem to portray avian elements in their statues ( i 'm talking about the elves as they appear in their art , not their entire imagry ) . 
  there are mentions of avian appearance , though , most notably in the song of pelinal , and possibly ( if the birdmen truly are the ayleids ) father of the niben . 
  both are epic poetry , though , a genre that normally ( at least in the real world ) relies heavily on metaphors and other unlitteral language usage . 
  it 's hard to say . 
  nords and redguards both have had a long and violent history with elves , and would most likely die before becoming a slave . 
  bretons , on the other hand , would , in the past , have been willing servants ( if this would still be the case during the second era is debatable ) . 
  i ca n't say anything about the imperials . 
  i do n't think any imperial would be easy under slavery after the slave rebellion , and the empire was already a prevelent power ( in no way comparable to the third empire , of course , but still big ) . 
  those post went way over my head , but ( for as far as i can tell ) were incredibly interesting . 
  good job !, 
  on another note , the six nations championship has started again . 
  yesterday 's matches were good/ok , and i hope today will be as well . 
  anybody else watching ? 
  of course , but a slaver 's raid into hammerfell or cyrodiil would be less succesful than in black marsh or elsweyr . 
  if we would believe the father of the niben , yes . 
  still , there are no remains of these birdmen that i know of . 
  1 ) before the warp in the west : dozens of small kingdoms . 
  after , at least the illiac bay region was reduced to sentinel , wayrest , daggerfall , and orsinium , with the first being in hammerfell , and the latter being razed between the events of daggerfall and skyrim ( it was rebuild , however ) . 
  2 ) the kingdoms were standard , medieval kingdoms , but due to the empire , they would not have the same souverenity a modern or historical kingdom would have ( on paper , that is ) . 
  3 ) breton culture is very individualistic , opportunistic , and meritocratic . 
  with this in mind , it is not so strange that a lower class citizen.might become a diplomat or advisor , due to his skills . 
  it is also not so weird to imagine those sharpwitted enough to stage a coup . 
  4 ) they are illegal , and bretons normally solve their problems with blackmail or extortion . 
  however , i can imagine that the dark brotherhood does have enough work in that area . 
  5 ) daedra are n't loved . 
  this is a leftover from the elven rule in the area , a long time ago . 
  there are daedra worshippers though , with witch covens and theages guild offering summonings . 
  6 ) a lot . 
  wealth and knowledge are two of the most important things in high rock , and traders and merchants have both . 
  the problem is , is that they are a central and predominantly imperial force .
