  the first one was the dragon cult . 
  during the initial days on tamriel , the dragons soon instituted themselves as leaders of the nords , led by alduin , the devourer of nirn . 
  the dragons had their lieutenants , the dragon priests , do the day to day work for them , in turn blessing them with immortality . 
  eventually , the nords were fed up with the role as slave for the dragons , and rebelled . 
  this led to the dragon wars , which saw the banishment of alduin to the future , and the hunting down of many dragons . 
  the only thing which still reminds us of these days , is the use of the voice , or thu'um . 
  utilising dragon language , some nords , after many years of training , are capable of commanding incredible power . 
  the dragonborn ( or dovakhiin ) , a men born with the soul of dragon , is capable of using this almost instinctively , avoiding years of training , and being praised throughout skyrim . 
  from then on forward , the nords held their own pantheon , comprised of aedra , and , as the only known species to do so , active veneration of shor , their aspect of lorkhan . 
  this changed when skyrim swore fealty to the empire , and the nords slowly adopted the cyrodiilic pantheon of the nine divines , talos being the most important for them , as he resembles the importance of war and combat for the nords . 
  even though they have fully adopted the nine divines , shor is still held in high regard in nordic culture . 
  the nords adapt easily to the tamrielic culture , as they are a huge contributor to it ( it can be said that the tamrielic culture is a mix of cyro-nordic and some elven elements ) . 
  this , along with their innate affinity for sailing , make them one of the most common found races on tamriel . 
  along with this , they also have a long history in the imperial legion , being expert shock troops . 
  while having no real problems with other races , nords can be fiercefully protective of their land and culture , and can hold grutches for a very long time . 
  indeed , their many skirmishes with the dunmer of morrowind have made dark elves shunned throughout skyrim , which explains the gray quarters of windhelm , and the hardships the fleeing dunmer experienced after the red year . 
  these bretons , while native to skyrim , are being looked down on by the nords , due to the eralong conflicts the two groups experienced . 
  nords have also made their home outside of skyrim , and have developed an entirely different culture on solstheim , to the north of morrowind . 
  on this island , the skaal can be found . 
  these nords have developed an entirely different , and somewhat primitive , culture and religion . 
  the skaal live in a small village on a small island , not used to outsiders . 
  as a result , they are very xenophobic , and only allow a outsider to join them when he performed a incredible feat in favour of the skaal , giving him the honorary title of blodskaal . 
  the skaal religion is simpler than that of the other species of tamriel , as they only venerate the all-maker , a being unknown to other pantheons , and it is still uncertain who it might resemble . 
  this spirit is responsible for creating everything , and watches out over the skaal of solstheim . 
  nordic history is a long one , with the earliest sources attributed to ysgramor himself , as he is credited with developing the first form of human writing . 
  in the early years of the first era , the nords expanded violently , eventually creating an empire that stretched from high rock to morrowind . 
  this empire ended when king borgas was killed , which caused a civil war tearing the empire apart . 
  a couple of centuries later , the nords tried to retake morrowind , but failed horribly . 
  this led the nord general at the time , jurgen windcaller , to rethink his ways , developing the philosophical school of ` the way of the voice ' , which focuses on quiet and peaceful study of the thu'um , to venerate kyne , and starting the monk order of the greybeards . 
  skyrim remained relatively the same until the end of the second era , when the third empire started expanding . 
  originally united with high rock to combat the cyrods , skyrim soon turned sides when they saw that the cyrodiilic general talos was dragonborn . 
  while remaining in the empire , this did not mean the nords stopped their ways of war . 
  during any moment of instability , the nords saw their chance to take land , and expand their territory . 
  after the partial collapse of the empire , skyrim remained part of the empire . 
  while still in conflict with the dunmer of morrowind , they gave up on their claim of solstheim , to make it possible for the dunmer to settle it after the red year , which saw most of morrowind destroyed . 
  while they were peaceful under the remains of the empire , this changed after the white-gold concordat . 
  the nords , actively venerating talos , were told that they were no longer aloud to do so . 
  this , along with the pro-secession usurper ulfric stormcloak , caused a civil war , with many families being split between the empire and skyrim , as most legionnaires were nord . 
  * the nords are truly an interesting subject of study , and they make a worthy subject of the last volume to deal with the extant races of tamriel . 
  the next few ( and last ) volumes of ` on the species of tamriel ' will deal with the now extinct species . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * welcome back to the fifteenth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' , this is the first volume to deal with a extinct species that is not a direct ancestor of modern day races . 
  the first race discussed will be the dwemer , who have long spoken to the imagination of scholars and madmen alike . 
  the dwemer ( meaning ` deep one ' , also known under the misnomer ` dwarves ' ) were a race of mer native to resdayn ( modern-day morrowind ) , skyrim , and hammerfell . 
  they were one of the first groups of mer to split off from the main aldmer group , and they are noted for having incredibly far advanced technology and science , some of which we are still unable to recreate . 
  the appearance of the dwemer is relatively well known . 
  they shared the same ears as all elves , but , unlike their elven cousins , males sported long beards . 
  they were of average size ( their imperial name , dwarf , is most likely giving to them by the giants of the velothi mountains ) . 
  nothing is known about their skin colour , but they resembled the aldmer very close probably . 
  they were able to survive long periods of time without sun-light , and were ( as all elven kinds ) skilled in magic , especially alchemy and enchanting . 
  nothing is known about female dwemer . 
  the dwemer did not have a religion , which was likely the reason for their separation from aldmeri culture . 
  instead , they focused on scientific and alchemic progress , feeling that religion held them back . 
  this caused huge problems for them , first in aldmeris , which made them fallout with the aldmer , and then in resdayn , where the chimer , who were strong daedra worshippers , fought them , not only for territory , but also because of religion . 
  the atheism the dwemer expressed did not mean they denied the existence of all et ` ada , as they did recognise at least lorkhan and the daedric princes , and were aware of the divine power of the doom drum . 
  however , they did not see these spirits as worthy of worship . 
  there is not incredibly much known about dwemeri culture , as there are few trustworthy records from the nords or chimer ( who had contact with them ) , fewer from the dwemer themselves , and even fewer translated . 
  however , there are some conclusions we can make , looking at the few sources we have , and looking at archaeological findings . 
  almost all dwemer lived in giant city states , often stretching out hundreds of feet under the ground . 
  in these city states , people were divided in various clans and professions , with the most common professions being miner , soldier , and smith . 
  their craftsmen are still regarded as the most skilled in tamriel . 
  their work , even millennia after their disappearance , still remains sharp and sturdy , often with the enchantments still working . 
  this brings me to another important skill of the dwemer : enchanting . 
  they were so skilled in enchanting , that even mere foot soldiers were capable of performing complex enchantments , that modern day enchanters would find difficult . 
  while not on the same skill as the dunmer , the dwemer were known to have held a few slaves , especially the falmer of skyrim . 
  what they lacked in slaves , they made up with animunculi . 
  how these machines work exactly is still unknown , however , they appear to be linked to their place of creation , losing power as soon as they leave their home ruin . 
  animunculi were priced possessions , and it was illegal to destroy someone else 's machine . 
  not much is known about dwemeri politics , only that they initially organised themselves in clans . 
  how these clans worked is unknown , and we only know this because of the mentioning of the rourken clan , a militaristic clan that was unpleased by the peace with the chimer . 
  their leader threw his hammer away , deciding to build his city were his hammer fell ; this place became volenfell ( later hammerfell ) . 
  another thing we know about dwemer politics is that they were organised as one of the great houses , before the war of the first council , known as house dwemer . 
  if they retained the clan system for local governance , or within the great house , is unknown . 
  the history of the dwemer begins with their exile from the aldmer , possibly due to their attitude towards religion and magic . 
  they settled on vvardenfell , in what they called dwemereth . 
  they build their cities all over morrowind , even stretching outwards , all the way towards the high rock-skyrim border . 
  eventually , also due to religious conflict , the chimer came to morrowind , calling it resdayn . 
  they met their long lost brothers , which almost immediately caused conflict . 
  because of the long history of violence between the two races of mer , they were an easy target for the nords , who ruled over them for some time . 
  this changed during the time of the first council . 
  the king of the chimer , indoril nerevar , negotiated a peace with the dwemer king , dumac dwarfking . 
  this led to the exodus of nords , while creating a new time of prosperity in resdayn . 
  this , however , changed soon , when the chimer noblemen voryn dagoth found out the dwemer were experimenting with the heart of lorkhan , underneath red mountain . 
  the chimer mounted a army , and assaulted the red mountain , ensuing in the war of the first council . 
  towards the end of the battle of red mountain , the final stage of the war , indoril nerevar stormed the heart chamber , where the heart was stored . 
  he found the tonal architect of the dwemer ( the person responsible with tuning the heart ) , kagrenac . 
  at that moment kagrenac used his tools on the heart , and all the dwemer mysteriously disappeared . 
  what exactly happened to the dwemer is unknown , but many theories have surfaced over the years . 
  one such theory says they simply ceased to exist , with some saying it was a mistake by kagrenac , and others saying it was on purpose . 
  an other thesis is that they went to the outer realms . 
  the last idea that i will mention , is that the dwemer fused themselves with the numidium , a gigantic , brass machine they build , using the heart as a power source . 
  this machine was later used by tiber septim in his expansion of the empire . 
  * eventhough it seems we know a lot about the dwemer , there are still huge gaps in our knowledge . 
  while their cities and animunculi are truly marvellous , it is still a mystery how to effectively recreate them . 
  * welcome back to the sixteenth volume of `` on the species of tamriel '' . 
  this volume deals with the ayleids of cyrodiil , who have dissappeared into the woods of tamriel , after their last city was razed . 
  the ayleids ( sometimes referred to as `` wild elf '' , `` heartland high elf '' , or `` ayleidoon '' , the latter probably being a plural of `` ayleid '' ) were a race of mer native to cyrodiil . 
  while there are few trustworthy , contemporary sources detailing the ayleids , scholars have been able to reconstruct large parts of ayleid culture , by means of translating the many inscriptions found in the vast ruins of this race of mer , as well as reassessing the various myths detailing them .
