  i had my final exams this week , so now i 'm on holidays . 
  this does give me time to catch up on stuff i wanted to do earlier . 
  also , i will be leaving next friday for a week , so do n't expect me around that week . 
  also , romanian and portuguese ( and a lot of minor languages spread throughout south-western europe ), 
  those are n't romance languages though . 
  italian , french , spanish , portuguese , and romanian are the major romance languages . 
  in northern and north-eastern europe , the biggest groups are germanic ( english , dutch , german , danish , swedish , norwegian , etc. ), 
  and slavic ( russian , lithuanian , polish , czech , slovakian , etc. ) . 
  these groups are all indo-european . 
  finnish ( and hungarian and estonian ) are uralic , and not related to most other languages of europe . 
  in tes , it does n't seem to be so complicated . 
  on tamriel , there is one major group , which are the ehlnofex languages . 
  all other languages are derived from that ( like the romance languages from latin ) . 
  normally , you should use dwemer , as that is their proper name . 
  this applies to all mer kinds , but especially the dwemer , since the name dwarf is a misnomer from an old myth . 
  still , it could depend on context . 
  a commoner ( or maybe imperials in general ) would use dwarf . 
  scholars and other elves would almost exclusively stick with dwemer . 
  yeah , the orcs are different . 
  in their case , it is defendable because they indentify themselves as orc , and not orsimer . 
  also , in their culture elves are somewhat degenerate ( it 's harder than that , as orcs see themselves as degenerates ( the whole pariah thing ) , and superior ) , so calling them that is pretty controversial . 
  i my coda they do . 
  who 's sorry ? 
  the draugr lookalikes can be explained by texture recycling , so pretty much a gameplay thing . 
  the dragon skeletons are curious , but might be that some dragons got offered to the ideal masters ( have n't played dawnguard ) . 
  the word wall is most likely erected by the pffered souls . 
  since both brazil and the us have mcdonald 's does n't mean brazil and the us are the same . 
  not trying to ridiculise your question ( it is a valid question ) , but just showing the flaw in logic here . 
  the septim is indeed a very political item , featering both the imperial dragon and tiber septim himself . 
  i can imagine that a province like the summerset isles would have problems with its usage . 
  still , gold is gold . 
  in medieval times and during the renaissance , gold coins from other states were legal currency in most european states . 
  there was n't any transfer rate at the time , and its value was based on the current gold price . 
  i can imagine the same logic would somewhat apply to tamriel . 
  this was a story i heard from a couple friends ( independetly ) about a mutual friend of theirs . 
  i 'm not sure if she made the stuff up , and i 'm too lazy to look for any reports on it . 
  anyway , this friend was on holidays with some of her friends to norway . 
  fun and all , and she gets a sort of fling with a local guy . 
  on the last night , she kisses the guy , and he asks if she wants to spend the night at his house . 
  she hesitated a bit , and her friends pushed her not to go with him , because their flight would leave pretty early the next morning . 
  eventually they leave it at the kiss and they part ways . 
  fast forwards a couple of days . 
  she 's back home and she spots some blisters on her lip . 
  thinking it might be some infection , she goes to the doctor and he takes some swaps . 
  the doctor runs some tests , comes back and says : `` well , i think i 'm gon na have to get the policr involved , because the bacteria i found in your blisters normally only appear on corpses . '', 
  she tells him and the police that the only place she might have got it from was that norwegian guy . 
  since there is cooperation between the dutch and norwegian police , the guy is arrested , and they find two bodies of dead girls in his basement . 
  if she did spend the night with him , she was probably killed as well . 
  tl ; dr : girl escaped a necrophilic murderer with nothing more than a dead-body bacterial infection . 
  the printing presses have already been discussed below it seems , so i 'll try to focus more on the other things ( or technology in general ) . 
  it does n't work the same in a universe that is so deeply intertwined with magic . 
  when you can light a fire with your fingertips , why invest in research into gas lighters ? 
  even this example is n't really fitting , as it deals with magic as a pretty distinct feature of the universe , which it is n't in tes . 
  magic is everywhere ( light is pure magic , for instance ) . 
  it is as much part of day to day life as fire in general . 
  of course , not everyone is able to heal any injury they get , or is able to conjure enormous amounts of destructive fire from their hands , but they do n't have to ; the local chapel overs better healing services than what most pharmacies sell , and the local mage guild chapter has some fireball scrolls on sale . 
  which brings me to a second point : not all people are able to afford this , but that does n't necessarily mean they drive technological development . 
  the things you listed are pretty advanced forms of technology , and those cost enormous amounts of labour and capital to research . 
  why would a lord or succesful merchant invest in that , when he can just hire a mage to do it for him ? 
  and even if he would , magic would still form an integral role in it , because it is everywhere . 
  you should n't see technology and magic as strictly different from each other , as they are very much intertwined in the tes universe . 
  heartlands , of course , but i guess you figured that one out . 
  i pulled that one from my ass , covered with heart and shezzar symbolism . 
  i always got some impression from pre-christian gaelic culture from them , but why i do n't know . 
  but yeah , i did make that connection here , both with the names , and generally using the structure from the * t\u00e1in * as a blue-print for this . 
  i disagree with the bretons . 
  sure the name and the whole druidic/magicka association point that way , but i normally get more of a high medieval french or english vibe from them . 
  then again , inspiration comes from everywhere . 
  oh , there will be more than a few ( i think ) . 
  why picts ? 
  i can see the ` primitive warrior ' idea , but i do n't think there is enough known about them to make a reasonable comparison , other than ` celtic ' . 
  yeah , the modern `` celtic '' regions can be roughly split into the brythonics ( brittany , cornwall and wales ) and the gaelic or goidelic ( ireland , scotland and the isle of man ) . 
  then again , there are more areas with celtic influences , like gallicia in spain , which is culturally still comparable to brittany or wales . 
  does this mean i lost my second place in most threads ever ? 
  bah , i need to work on that . 
  well guys , i 'm back after a week of absence . 
  i was in portugal last week with some friends to celebrate the fact that we are finaly done with high school . 
  the bad news was that they chose albufeira as the spot . 
  so instead of getting drunk and laid ( which was the initial planning ) , i got drunk and decided to write a story about the reach based on the myth of red-eagle , as you probably havr already seen . 
  also , in other news , i 'll be getting the results of my final exams and i 'm turning 18 in the coming week . 
  yeah for me !, 
  oh i 'm already nice and well home in the netherlands now , which is why i have internet . 
  albufeira is not a bad place to get laid ( on the contrary ) . 
  the problem is that there are a lot of dutch tourists now ( which are horrible tourists ) . 
  also , i 'm do n't really like being in the same club as anabole-popping guys thrice my size , and girls so easy you 'll catch five std 's even with a condom . 
  more the problem of me not liking the crowd than no possibility of sex . 
  also , thanks for the birthday wishes !, 
  daedric i tell you ! '', 
  i was worried for a moment . 
  oh it was a fun trip nontheless . 
  we were outside albufeira itself in a pretty nice house ( as opposed to , as my mate put it , `` a shit apartment for 200 euro the man with semen dripping from the walls '' ) , and on the first night we decided to walk to the strip . 
  turned out to be a two hour walk . 
  on the downside , i ca n't see alcohol for the coming three weeks , i think . 
  i 've been making up original names on the fly with that rape of the reach thing , and i have much more bullshit laying around . 
  i like the idea of a lot of those names which have a meaning in english ( or tamrielic ) to be bastardisations of originaly different origin , like with drachsta\u00edr , which turned into dragon star as an aproximate in tamrielic . 
  i might want to flesh those out a bit more , come to think of it . 
  let me pull this from my ass real quick . 
  dawnstar is an imperial name for the place . 
  it was initially known to them via sailors , who could easily spot the place by using the dawnstar in the sky to navigate to the port on their sweep around the west coast of tamriel . 
  the nords refer to it as kaalfer , which would translate roughly to `` ice-port '' .
