  with the increase of wealth and contact , the tribes started defining themselves more , giving rise to the states as we know them today . 
  it is interesting to note that these developments took effect much later in areas where there was less elven influence , like the reach or the northern coasts . 
  situation, 
  high rock was notable in that it lacked any form of centralised government , except for the imperial representatives . 
  while some provinces knew a figurehead as central political figure ( sometimes more symbolic than others ) , high rock could be best described as a loose confederation of independent states . 
  each state was ruled by a noble family , which often trace their lineage back to elven heroes of the merethic era . 
  officially , each state had to swear fealty and loyalty to the emperor and elder council of the empire , but in practise , the empire did not involve itself much in the political swirls and conflicts in high rock . 
  in many ways , the states functioned independent of each other . 
  each had their own legislation and court , and criminal actions in one state did not result in persecution in others ( with the exception of the most severe cases , of course ) . 
  still , official paperwork was not required for travel between states , and embassies within other states were rare , and often pointed towards friction between the two states in question . 
  on the other hand , due to the sheer difference in size and power between the different states , allegiances were not rare , and often smaller states would be basically ruled by bigger ones . 
  this was often explained by means of arranged and political marriage , which laid emphasis on the strong familial ties within breton culture ( likely a leftover of the initial tribal society ) . 
  an effect of this , however , was also the big amount of illegitimate children , who were a result of either unjust royal authority , or more genuine romantic relations . 
  in third era breton law , bastards recognised by the noble parent were allowed heritage , and it was not uncommon for them to eventually rule their state , further muddying the familial situation of high rock . 
  breton politics were noted for being very subtle and ` hidden ' . 
  it was very rare for a noble to say exactly what he meant , or what his plans were , even against his allies . 
  this gave rise to the common to the common cyrodiilic expression `` to talk like a breton '' ( not to be confused with `` to talk like a nibenese '' ) , indicating that a person is deliberately unclear . 
  because of this unclearity in conversation , and due to the fickle nature of the small states , most nobles employed spies , who were also trained in assassination and alchemy , if the need arose . 
  these so called ` night blades ' were a common sight in courts , and formed their own class of citizens . 
  while most were simply employed to gather the exact plans of other nobles , many were also rumoured to serve as assassins to clear out unwanted opposition or distant family that had a claim on the throne , although hard facts have never been found . 
  indeed , it is nowadays assumed that many supposed convicted night blades were not night blades at all , but were often wrongfully accused to be done away with , often in order to claim their possessions . 
  contemporary developments, 
  the end of the third era saw major shifts in the political landscape of high rock . 
  in the final decennia , tensions brew between the major states around the illiac bay : daggerfall , wayrest ( both in high rock ) , sentinal ( hammerfall ) , and orsinium ( officially within high rock ) , with many smaller factions trying to gain some spoils . 
  as well as local powers , the empire was also involved , who finally tried to push some form of centralisation within the province . 
  it is unclear how exactly the tensions ended , but what is known is that the so called `` warp of the west '' or `` the miracle of peace '' played a major role . 
  during this event , often cited as taking place in 3e 417 , all of the above mentioned parties claimed to have gotten their hands on the numidium , a giant machine of sorts created by the know gone dwemer , and using it to conquer many of the small states surrounding the illiac bay . 
  according to some accounts , other strange things happened , reminiscent of the middle dawn stories . 
  while the exact events are unclear , with many conflicting sources , it is clear that , in the end , the remaining powers swore fealty to the empire , effectually ending the huge divides within high rock . 
  the cities remained largely independent , but they did cooperate more with each other , led by the empire in order to finalise the centralisation of the province . 
  the smaller kingdoms of the northern coasts were left relatively intact by the event , but without any real political leverage within the province , centralisation was not a discussion there . 
  with the fall of the empire following the oblivion crisis , the kingdoms of high rock remained mostly intact . 
  some borders were quickly expanded in the ensuing chaos , but no major war or conquest was performed . 
  during the great war , high rock was spared again , and to this day it is still part of the empire , yet divided in a handful of states . 
  the politics of hammerfell were interesting in their depths . 
  while the system looked clear on the surface , many hidden movements and unspoken rules made it a maze for the unexperienced to traverse . 
  history, 
  the politics of hammerfell at the end of the third era found its origin in the arrival of the ra gada from yokuda in the mid first era . 
  with the disappearance of the dwemer almost a century before , and the nedic and meric tribes in the area avoiding the so called `` deathland '' , the yokudans found the harsh landscape only settled by loose orcish clans , who were quickly driven off . 
  the yokudans at the time , though more united than many other nations , fell out over events that drove them off their homeland , and quickly the families and groups formed tribes . 
  some settled the lush illiac coast or the regions surrounding the modern border with cyrodiil , while others ( most notably the order of so called `` sword-singers '' ) opted to travel the central deserts . 
  the tribes on the coast of the illiac bay quickly developed much like their neighbours across the water , forming states and cities , each with their own governments and laws . 
  the wanderers of the alik ' r desert did not undergo this process , instead keeping to their nomadic roots . 
  the sword-singers retracted themselves from politics altogether , and have since never openly supported or a ruler . 
  while the high rock city states remained independent of each other up until the closing days of the third era , the prince - and kingdoms of hammerfell formed a federation of sorts fairly early on . 
  the monarch of sentinel was also the monarch of the province , and all the other states had to swear fealty and loyalty to them . 
  while the states had their own legislature and courts , there were laws enforced throughout the entire province ( most had to do with retaining the status of the king ) . 
  this did not hold in practise , though , as many states went their own way ( sometimes openly opposing sentinel ) , and the tribes and groups in the alik ' r , who were officially united in the princedom of alik ' r , took no interest in the rules and regulations of the rest of the province ( who did n't take any interest in them ) . 
  with the coming of the third empire , the states had somewhat subdued their conflicts with sentinel . 
  the empire helped this kingdom solidify its hold on the province , since it was easier for them to oversee and rule from a central point . 
  this did make many of the more controversial contacts between states hidden , and many of the kingdoms still did not acknowledge the power of sentinel . 
  situation, 
  as stated above , hammerfell was divided in a handful of prince - and kingdoms . 
  these were united under the influence of sentinel by name , but some of these tried to gain the upper hand multiple times . 
  each state was ruled by a noble , who inherited the title and rule of his or her state . 
  in the case of the states on the illiac coast , it meant the direct sovereignty over the state . 
  in the case of the less densely populated desert states , it was nothing more than a title . 
  the tribes held their own relations and politics , and almost never turned to their lords or ladies for help . 
  while the political backstabbing of high rock was also common in hammerfell , it was not only done to further personal agendas . 
  hammerfell was notable in that the political figures were divided in two fronts : the crowns and the forebears . 
  while this debate had been as old as the arrival of the yokudans , it exploded for the first time with the coming of the empire , and never subsided . 
  the crowns are popular under the nobility . 
  this group aims for the preservation of yokudan culture and ways , and it saw the empire as a threat to this goal . 
  while a lot of redguards favoured their own ways over those of the metropolitan imperials , their main concern was that the crowns also wanted to maintain the hierarchical structure of the yokudan empire . 
  instead , the common folk often tends to support the forebears , a group aiming towards more cooperation and integration with the empire . 
  this also meant the breakdown of more traditional hierarchical structures common in ancient yokuda , and as such this group was more popular with the lower classes of hammerfell and with the more progressive nobles . 
  even though the latter group was more in line with the imperial philosophy of statehood , the empire often openly opposed the forebears , as this group was often anarchistic in nature , and would complicate imperial rule in the province . 
  the conflict between the crowns and the forebears was one that exploded at times , and civil unrest and political murder were not all too uncommon . 
  true civil wars had always been avoided , mostly due to the heavy legion presence in the area , but it never really settled down , and it is still brewing to this day . 
  contemporary developments, 
  during the last days of the third era , the miracle of peace also affected the province of hammerfell . 
  it saw the kingdom of sentinel subdue the states surrounding it , forming one major power block . 
  while many contemporary politicologists predicted this to be the end of the forebear and crown conflict , the following fall of the empire saw it blazing again . 
  with the absence of the empire , both groups were again at each other 's throat , with a third group forming in the conflict , the lhotunics . 
  named after a progressive nobleman , the lhotunics try to combine both the old traditions of yokuda and the modern ways of the imperials . 
  they are seen as soft and unwelcome by the other two groups , and it has only further complicated the political playing field of hamerfell . 
  during the great war , hammerfell was attacked by the aldmeri dominion , and sentinel was razed . 
  with the imperial legions cut off in the alik ' r , the redguards had to fend for themselves , and the province decided to secede from the empire after this event . 
  this saw an end to imperial power , yet not in forebear support . 
  the politics of skyrim were surprisingly stable during the course of the third era , taking into account the warlike nature of the nordic population . 
  it is interesting to note that many of the systems present in the late third era are even existing to this day . 
  history, 
  the history of the nordic structure of rule finds its roots in the earliest history of the province , namely in the coming of ysgramor and his five hundred companions . 
  with the many lords claiming land in their new homeland , it was necessary to split the conquered territories . 
  while the idea was that every chieftain of the five hundred was to get a piece of land , in practise this meant that the mightier chieftains with bigger armies managed to claim the lands of smaller tribal heads , reducing the 500 holds to a handful ( the exact number of holds shifted from time to time , depending on what was ruled by the nords at what time ) . 
  with the atmorans now firmly in skyrim , the need for a central organisation became clear . 
  with constant raids from the various peoples surrounding them , the nords looked among themselves for leadership . 
  during this struggle for power , two of the most important cities today made claim on the position of high king , namely windhelm and solitude . 
  eventually , windhelm won this claim , and it became the first capital of the nordic homeland . 
  it remains strongly associated with the high-kingship , although it lost its position as capital some centuries ago . 
  while the nords are still known for their stubbornness , they were quick to join the various instigations of the cyrodiilic empire . 
  this gave them a certain prestigious position within the empire , and the politics of skyrim became intertwined within those of cyrodiil and the empire as a whole . 
  the third empire was probably the one that made best use of this . 
  during the early days of the third era , the capital of skyrim was moved from windhelm to solitude , this due to the more pro-empire position of solitude 's jarl . 
  from this point forward , the jarl of solitude was more than often a relative of the emperor , and the city was often the seat of the high king of skyrim . 
  situation, 
  skyrim was ( and still is ) divided in holds , areas which hold their own law and criminal court . 
  each of these holds had their own jarl , who was generally the son or daughter of the previous ruler . 
  succession was based on a first-born principle . 
  each hold experienced relative freedom within skyrim .
