  when the sun was about to rise , both set out to ford , to meet each other . 
  faolan wore a suit which was made entirely of bone , which he made from the tigers he slew when he was not yet nine . 
  on his back were countless javelins , which were all two pronged and twice his size . 
  in his hands he had a shield of solid iron , which was said to be impenetrable by magic or arrow or javelin , and a sword which held his name , or which named faolan , which was made of the bones of a wolf he slew when he was not yet five , and crafted to look like iron . 
  he wore a helmet with the beak of an eagle , showing his face in its mouth . 
  h\u00e9stram wore her armour from earlier , but the gold was still covered in l\u00e9ech 's blood . 
  on her back were solid gold javelins , and she wore her white gold shield , which had eight circles on it , each with a different depiction , and she wore her white gold sword , with a ruby hilt . 
  on her breasts was the cim aed\u00e1ibh ba\u00edm . 
  they met each other at the ford , both on the other side of the water . 
  h\u00e9stram was the first to speak : `` this will be it , red-eagle . 
  let this battle decide if i shall rule here and conquer this , and call the reach my own . '', 
  faolan replied : `` it is strange that you speak first , queen of the south , for these are still my lands . 
  i will not go down , and i will not let you claim these lands while i am still alive . 
  choose your type of combat for today . '', 
  `` these are still your lands , and orc\u00ed mentioned your customs . 
  i believe it is your choice , since you were here first . '', 
  `` fine then . 
  let us use our javelins to see if we can come to the final blow that way , '' said faolan . 
  they took position , and flung javelins at each other from across the water . 
  each was thrown with enough force to shatter rocks . 
  every shot was true , but every javelin got stuck in the shields both were wearing . 
  when the sun was about to set , the sparks coming from the great force of the javelins were visible . 
  when the sun had set both laid down there arms , and they met each other at the waterside . 
  neither had drawn blood from the other . 
  faolan said : `` it is getting dark , and neither would be able to hit true in the darkness . 
  let us rest now and continue tomorrow . '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` that is fine . 
  let us wait for the dawn . '', 
  that night both returned to their camps to spend the night with their men . 
  the mages and healers treated their exhaustion , and gave them potions of strength and wits , in the hope that it might make the deciding difference tomorrow . 
  when the dawn was about to break , both set out to the ford again . 
  they met each other at the opposing watersides . 
  faolan said : `` what is your choice of weapons for today ? '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` it was my choice yesterday . 
  today you do the picking . '', 
  `` fine then . 
  let us take up our spears , so that we might come to the final blow that way , '' said faolan . 
  both got their messengers to get their spears . 
  andoe was the fastest to return , and brought faolan his nine pronged spear . 
  then h\u00e9stram 's messenger returned , bearing her eight pronged spear . 
  they took positions at the waterside . 
  they thrusted their spears with enough force to topple forests . 
  every jab was true , but was stopped by their armour . 
  when the sun was about to set , the sparks coming from their spears were visible . 
  when the sun had set they laid down their arms , and they met each other at the waterside . 
  both had drawn blood that day , but not enough . 
  faolan said : `` it is getting dark , and neither would be able to aim right in the darkness . 
  let us rest now and continue tomorrow . '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` that is fine . 
  let us wait for the dawn . '', 
  that night neither returned to their camps to spend the night with their men , but remained at the waterside . 
  they were treated for their wounds and scratches , and were given potions of healing and strength , in the hope that it might make the deciding difference tomorrow . 
  when the dawn was about to break , both were standing at the opposing watersides . 
  faolan said : `` it was my choice of weapons yesterday , so today you will decide . '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` fine then . 
  let us fight in close combat , with swords and shields , so that we might come to the final blow that way . '', 
  both took their positions in the water , with shield and sword in hand . 
  from dawn till dusk they fought , exchanging blows and cuts that they did not have the defence for to match . 
  their armour got dinted and torn , and their swords chipped and brittled . 
  when the sun was about to set , both had drawn blood , yet both remained standing . 
  when the sun had set , h\u00e9stram lunged forward , cutting open faolan 's chest , exposing his heart . 
  faolan kicked his own shield , bashing h\u00e9stram away . 
  she fell down in the water , and dropped her sword and shield , which floated down stream . 
  h\u00e9stram spoke : `` give up now , king faolan . 
  i am disarmed , and you are in no condition to fight . 
  resend your old gods and worship mine , so that they might heal your heart . '', 
  faolan replied : `` i will never forsake my gods for yours , queen h\u00e9stram . 
  i will not bow down to you , or to anyone else , for that matter . 
  i am aware that i am in no condition to fight . 
  it is because of that , that i request you to let me go , so that my wounds may heal , and you may craft new weapons . 
  when i feel well again , i will meet you again at this ford , and we will fight again , to see who will be the true ruler of the reach . '', 
  orc\u00ed had joined the two rulers , and said : `` be wary , queen . 
  red-eagle is a hunter , and he likes bloodshed . 
  still , this is a true warrior 's request . '', 
  h\u00e9stram said : `` i see . 
  thank you , orc\u00ed . 
  fine then , king faolan . 
  go to where you might get the best healing . 
  i will send an escort to make sure you get there . 
  in the mean time , i will leave the remainder of the reach alone . 
  i swear so by the gods . '', 
  faolan replied : `` you are a true warrior , queen of the south . 
  as you have sworn , i will swear to the old gods . '', 
  it was decided . 
  faolan would travel with andoe and a royal escort to the karth river , so that the water might heal his wounds . 
  when they were nearly there , far away that they were invisible to the armies , the two men of the royal escort drew their swords , hoping to take faolan and andoe by surprise . 
  andoe heard this and fled . 
  faolan turned around and punched both men at the same time , driving the front of their skulls through their head . 
  faolan said : `` andoe , go to my fort , and see what is happening . '', 
  andoe ran with the speed of the wind towards the fort , and within the hour he was back at faolan . 
  andoe said : `` woe is you , great king faolan . 
  h\u00e9stram has burned your fort to the ground , and has proclaimed herself queen of all the reach . '', 
  faolan sat down , and replied : `` this is not what we agreed on . 
  today h\u00e9stram has forsworn the oath . 
  i said that i would swear as she did , and today the oath will be forsworn by me as well . '', 
  faolan and andoe made their way to the water of the karth . 
  there andoe helped faolan down , so that he was submerged to the wound in his chest . 
  h\u00e9rnach - healing hand - , a priest from the local temple saw them , and made his way down . 
  he spoke : `` greetings , travellers . 
  who might you be , and what is your interest in these waters . '',
