  it is a bit technical , but it explains ideas about borrowing and mixed languages well . 
  the comments so far have been about world powers arguing their language is superior , so i will discuss a more unlikely suspect : irish gaelic . 
  in the early medieval period , when the rest of europe was recovering from the collapse of the roman empire and the conflicts arising from the migration period , irish literature was blossoming , with many texts ( even religious literature ) written in old irish . 
  one of the texts that is ( most likely ) from this period is the * auraicept na n-\u00c9ces * ( `` the scholar 's primer ) . 
  the text is mostly a grammatical treatise on irish , and tries to tie the origin of the language into the biblical story of the tower of babel . 
  according to the story , after the confusion of tongues came about during the construction of the tower , the scythian king f\u00e9nius farsaid ( very scythian name , i know ) discovered languages in the confusion . 
  first he ` discovered ' hebrew and the hebrew script , and after discovering greek and latin and their respective scripts , he created gaelic and ogham from these languages as the superior form . 
  the core of the auraicept na n-\u00c9ces is from the 7th century , but individual lines might be added later ( the earliest surviving recension is from the 12th century ) . 
  if you take a look at irish literature from this period , you will find a surprisingly large corpus in the vernacular . 
  ireland was cut off from rome in this period , so the church did not have the ability to enforce latin in churches in this period . 
  similarly , ireland was never part of the roman empire , and there was no widespread knowledge of latin as was the case in continental europe or britain at the time . 
  i blame brabant and limburg, 
  there are some dutch and german dialects that have some form of do-support . 
  they do n't do it to the extent that english does it , though . 
  about your first question :, 
  there is some debate on this . 
  some scholars claim it originated in the celtic languages , and was borrowed by the english . 
  in old english , do-support was only used for emphasis , and modern welsh and breton have a similar usage for do-support ( welsh * pysgota a wnaf * ( word for word , `` fishing i-do '' ) ) ( edit : i should have clarified that this construction is also present in old irish and middle welsh ( probably old welsh as well , but i have to check on that ) . 
  the construction in the celtic languages does not originate in english ) . 
  often , this idea is tied with the idea that the other western germanic languages do n't have do-support . 
  while it is true that standard german and standard dutch do not use it , both languages have varieties that do employ a form of `` to do '' as an auxiliary . 
  a dutch example i just found is * ik doe even de bloemen in het water zetten * ( word for word , `` i do just the flower in water put '' ) . 
  it is possible that the germanic languages borrowed it from the celtic ( there has been contact between celtic speakers and germanic speakers on the continent , but the extent of which is a bit difficult to determine ) , that both language families developed it independently ( which is unlikely ) , or that it was borrowed from another language/other languages spoken in those areas that have since disappeared . 
  there have occasionally been theories about non-indo-european languages spoken in europe , as indo-european had n't always been spoken there . 
  it is ( to my knowledge ) impossible to reconstruct these languages , or even proof their existence , and many linguists prefer explaining language change without these undocumented languages . 
  now that you say it , there is the same construction in dutch . 
  i 'd say it is n't confined to a certain dialect , but it is considered informal speech . 
  well , a language is `` a dialect with an army and a navy '' , so it 's hard to say . 
  i guess that not all of them are actually related , but drawing a line between a dialect and a language is hard and completely arbitrary . 
  it 's like ten times worse than `` fuck '' is in english . 
  a lot of people find it very offensive , because , unlike all the other diseases we use for cursing , this one still kills people . 
  that would be something like `` je kan de kanker krijgen '' ( you can get cancer [ for all i care ] ) , or just say `` kankerleider '' ( cancer-sufferer ) . 
  this is a great post !, 
  maybe you should put in a line referring to the sites of the national unions ? 
  i know that at least the dutch union has a part of their website dedicated to the rules of the game and finding a local club . 
  i can imagine other unions in areas where the game is small or growing have similar information on their sites . 
  edit : cheers , mate, 
  as for your first question : dutch does not allow dropping the relative pronoun . 
  my german is rusty , but i think it does n't allow it either . 
  on a professional level , maybe . 
  most of the players in the olympics are full time seven players , and almost never play regular rugby union . 
  on an amateur level though ( the fast majority of the players ) , sevens is generally an off-season game that is played in some smaller tournaments by clubs that normally play 15-a-side . 
  fuck yeah i 'm gon na make him eat it . 
  as if belgians would ever be smart enough to conquer us . 
  this was reported lol, 
  people bitching about politics popping up everywhere . 
  i do sometimes hear `` wat is er met jou ? '', 
  in dutch , but i 'd say `` wat is er met jou aan de hand '' ( what is going on/wrong with you ? ), 
  is more correct and common . 
  in the randstad you do sometimes hear `` wat is met jou ? 
  '' , but this is definitely more prevalent under people with non-dutch backgrounds , and not acceptable in standard dutch . 
  dutch also has a continuous that is more similar to the english construction , as in the sentence `` het schip is zinkende '' ( `` the ship is sinking '' , word for word ) . 
  this is an archaic form , and not normally found in speech . 
  it also conveys a sense of gravity and importance , which the english continuous does n't do . 
  apart from the construction you mentioned , there is of course also the form where speaker position or movement is added . 
  `` hij zit te werken '' ( he sits to work ; he is working ( while seated ) ) . 
  and `` zij loopt te roepen '' ( she walks to call/yell ; she is calling/yelling ( while walking ) . 
  i myself am from rotterdam , where this is a very common construction , and it is often not really taken into account if the used verb is applicable in the situation ( i.e. 
  `` zij loopt te lezen '' ( she is reading ( while walking ) ) . 
  people always bitch to me about how rotterdam is a shithole , but almere is the most hopeless place i 've ever seen, 
  fuck that , the sea deserves it , the bitch . 
  that discussion is also a fucking mine-field in the netherlands now , though . 
  as others said , ipa is a good start to see how words are pronounced . 
  [ wikipedia has the symbols in a chart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_phonetic_alphabet ) . 
  most of these symbols wo n't be necessary when dealing with the celtic languages , and it is best to look up the ipa charts for the individual language you are looking at . 
  [ this is the chart for irish , for instance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_irish ) , with english approximations . 
  when reading it , however , it is important to note that a phonetic alphabet is more or less an approximation . 
  for consonants this is less of a problem , but when it comes to vowels , there is just a huge amount of variation . 
  while ipa is good in covering these variations , it can sometimes be slightly off . 
  when it comes to celtic , i would advise looking up clips on youtube of the language in question . 
  the celtic family currently consists of 6 languages ( although some argue 4 , which i come to later ) . 
  these can be sub-categorized into the gaelic and the british/brythonic family . 
  germanic ( like english , german , danish and icelandic , to name a few ) is a different language family altogether , although they both are part of the much larger indo-european family . 
  the gaelic family consists of scottish gaelic , irish gaelic , and manx gaelic . ^ 1 the british family consists of welsh , breton , and cornish . 
  welsh and irish sources are the easiest to find , since these are the biggest languages and have more social status than the others . 
  in wales , s4c is a television station that broadcasts in welsh . 
  its irish counterpart is tg4 . 
  furthermore , there is much in the way of literature , poetry and music in these languages , both old and new . 
  in fact , the eisteddfod is a big poetry festival in wales , where the only language used is welsh . 
  scottish gaelic and breton are tougher to find due to the fact that these languages have no official status , even though there are still people speaking these languages ( an rapidly decreasing amount , sadly , especially for breton ) . 
  if you google `` scottish gaelic '' or `` breton '' , i 'm sure you would find something , though . 
  manx gaelic and cornish are a different story altogether , and that is why i said that some people argue they should not really be counted with the other languages ; both these languages went extinct in the modern period . 
  there are revival campaigns currently going on , though , and in the case of manx children are being raised and are schooled in this language . 
  [ this is a recording of ned maddrell ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-286xpqtc7m ) who was the last native speaker of manx gaelic . 
  when he died in 1974 , though , there were people who had learned the language from him before this , so in some way the language survived . 
  when it comes to cornish , i have no idea where to look . 
  this language died out during the 18th century , so there are no recordings of the language . 
  there are also barely any written records of the language , since it never had any high status , as opposed to irish or welsh , which both have a relatively huge corpus from the middle ages . 
  currently , there are multiple groups who all claim to have reconstructed the `` true '' cornish language from the few scraps we have , and they are being taken seriously by the british government , but they ca n't agree on a definite form of the language ( they did agree on a spelling , though , after being locked up in a hotel together ) . 
  as for good sources on proto-celtic : even as someone studying the history of the celtic languages , i ca n't help you . 
  i do n't know of a reliable free source . 
  ranko matasovic made an etymological dictionary of the celtic languages , published in 2009 , but this one obviously is n't a free resource , and there are many problems with his reconstructions ( from what i heard , he is actually specialised in the slavic languages , and not the celtic ) . 
  as for oldest words : that is hard to say . 
  the celtic languages are part of the indo-european family , and the oldest words would be found there . 
  these words also could have cognates in other indo-european languages . 
  some celtic words survived into other european languages in a celtic form , though . 
  these are mostly terms for metals , such as `` iron '' , which was already a loanword in proto-germanic , and is derived from proto-celtic ** isarnom * , possibly via gaulish * isarno - * . 
  ^ 1 : generally , the word `` gaelic '' is left out with irish and manx , but is always present when talking about scottish gaelic , probably to distinguish it from scots , which is either its own germanic language or a dialect of english , and unrelated to scottish gaelic . 
  apart from overt prestige ( the group that uses that languae/dialect is more influential or powerful than others ) , there is also the factor of covert prestige . 
  in this case , the variation might be prestigious for a certain group , or be used as a marker to show that you are part of a certain group .
