  is that slang or just a weird translation ? 
  do n't be . 
  in a lot of cases it holds true . 
  the name of my people , the dutch , simply means `` people '' in old english ( as the germans call themselves now ) . 
  we call us nederlands ( after the netherlands ) , which is just a geological description ( most is below sea level ) , so there is also that . 
  most of these names were given by the romans , and might not always reflect the own name of the people . 
  they might have been called differently by themselves . 
  gongrats to francois !, 
  so this week was annoying . 
  my national team got knocked out of the world cup . 
  anyway , i 've been looking at houses again , and trying to navigate the webpage of the tax agency ( which is n't that easy . ), 
  anyway , how 's everyone ? 
  not much , i 'd wager . 
  high rock had been pretty isolated for a long time , and was not part of the first empire . 
  with almost no inter-province infrastructure , and the much smaller scale of the empire , i do n't think they would have had enough dealings to actively influence language this way . 
   i was planning on holly tieing with me this week cause i 've got the next week planned, 
  it 's still on , do n't you worry . 
  i 'm not that person from bgsf . 
  i 'm not active there . 
  it sounds logical about the name cyrodiil . 
  on the memospore , some people pointed out celediil , one of the ayleid realms . 
  it is possible that - iil is a suffix denoting land or possession . 
  other than in those two cases , the suffix does not appear . 
  if reman adopted it after his place of birth , there is a good chance that it was somewhere in colovia ( i do n't know why , but i 'm thinking of sancre tor , need to check if that 's right ) . 
  alessia was supposedly born in sardavar leed , which is right on the edge of the heartlands and nibenay . 
  it could be cyrod is a reference to the heartlands . 
  how reman got the name , i do n't know , but the borders of nibenay and colovia were n't always as clear . 
  hmm , this is interesting . 
  i interpreted it as the start of summer ( summer setting in ) , but this is more interesting . 
  summer is setting = winter is coming = shit is going down . 
  might be a reference to the altmer 's fall from divinity , and the sundering of aldmeris . 
  attribution share i thought it was called . 
  from what i heard , it is dead . 
  congratulations in advance , then . 
  first time germany will win as one country . 
  kynareth seems to be a more peaceful goddess , which is tightly related to forests and wildlife . 
  she is a nature godess , with some links to the sky . 
  kyne on the other hand is a lot tougher . 
  she is a storm godess , who is more closely related to winds and rain . 
  she is the one that blessed men with life and the voice . 
  she is also the widow of shor , so she is more important in the nordic pantheon ( which is centred around shor ) , than kynareth in the imperial pantheon ( centred around akatosh ) . 
  they are the same , but different . 
  a lot of people think they are different , so they are . 
  the hard part about answering this , is that there are n't any sources on it that i know of ( maybe in eso , but i have n't played that ) . 
  this leaves room for speculation . 
  the altmer would probably look at them in a much better light than the other elves . 
  i base this on the fact that auri-el seems to be their most important deity , while the other merkinds have strayed from him ( y' ffre is more important for the bosmer , the chimer had the three good daedra , the dwemer did not worship anyone , the ayleid might have worshipped auri-el , but that is debatable , the maormer seem to have a personal cult around their god-king orgnum , and we do n't know anything about the left-handers ) . 
  still , the falmer did leave summerset , so why they left or were exiled is still unknown . 
  it 's a text ( or the script of a comic book ) written by mk . 
  if you click on the date above the search bar , you 'll be redirected to it . 
  the concept gets its name from it . 
  akatosh existed retro-actively . 
  he is a time-god , created during a dragon break , so a time of creation is meaningless to him . 
  he also appears in the song of pelinal , which also takes place before the middle dawn . 
  like pop already said , the houses absorbed smaller houses , which sometimes disappeared in the bigger house ( like house sotha ) , or supposedly existed as a semi-autonomous thing ( house sul had to come from one of the five ) . 
  the houses are mostly based on families , where one is born into the house . 
  they do accept outsiders , though , as the nerevarine can join any of them , and hlaalu has two non-dunmer councillors ( although we do n't know anything about their paternal lines ) . 
  normally , the family name should be put after the given name ( like dalami hlaalu ) . 
  some dunmer seem to divert from this ( like indoril nerevar ) . 
  this might indicate an older tradition , or it denotes that someone is adopted into the house , taking the house name instead of their family name , and putting it in front . 
  firstly , if you want to learn about the towers , i 'd advice you to start [ here ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/nu-mantia-intercept ) . 
  this text is the origin of the tower theory . 
  as for the list , there are some additions . 
  there is also the khajiiti tower ( which is not identified further ) . 
  furthermore , i 'd say that white gold is definitely deactivated . 
  more on that later . 
  also , the numidium reappeared during the events of c0da , which takes place in the 5th era . 
  the towers themselves are not necessarily important . 
  their interaction with their stone is . 
  to complete your list . 
  * adamantine ( convention ), 
  * red mountain ( heart of lorkhan ), 
  * crystal-like-law ( `` a person '' ), 
  * white-gold ( chim el-adabal/amulet of kings ), 
  * walk-brass ( heart of lorkhan/mentela ), 
  * green-sap ( `` a fruit '' ), 
  * snow-throat ( `` a cave '' ), 
  * khajiiti ( possibly the mane ), 
  the ones in quotation marks are the hints mk gave us , but they have n't been deciphered yet ( enough theories out there , though ) . 
  because the amulet of kings is destroyed , it is clear that the tower is inactive . 
  it is up to debate as to why they were build . 
  they were definitely build in image of ada-mantia and red mountain , which were necessary accidents . 
  a theory i personally subscribe to , is that each tower is build as a manifestation of the people 's philosophy . 
  this is mainly based on a passage in the pge , 1st ed. , that mentions crystal-like-law to be build as a monument to the altmer people , and not necessarily one of their ancestors ( the pge is notoriously inaccurate , though ) . 
  the numidium also seems to enforce this idea , being a giant robot that simply denies everything around him , which is alike the dwemer notion of `` this-world-is-a-lie '' . 
  this is hard to proof , though , as some of the towers are pretty unknown . 
  we do n't know all the stones , and we are n't even sure about some of the towers , although these are the safest bets . 
  hmm , it does n't have to . 
  as / u/tuxedofish pointed out there , it might be a misnomer for what is a tangible energy . 
  it might also be an object that further enforces convention , like a physical anchor of the concept ( much like the other stones ) . 
  it does n't have to be loose from convention , since i do n't see what else metaphysically important it can be . 
  then we are still with the fact that the line between possibility and reality are vague in the tes universe , as illustrated by dragon breaks and the thalmor goal of removing men from possibility ( which comes down to destroying men ) . 
  i do like this explanation , though . 
  which is linked to an interview with mk , which i 'm guessing is from one of the q&a sessions on memospore . 
  forgot that , will edit . 
  edit : yup , from the memospore, 
  hmm , interesting . 
  i 'm not the most familiar with the sermons ( i do n't understand half of it ) , but it seems like a logical enough explanation . 
  there is a lot of meta stuff . 
  try the searchbar , there have been a lot of posts about the topic .
