  it is a tropical land where the maomer live . 
  i actually like that spelling ... maybe we should start bugging flippers with it, 
  i ' m thinking of continuing with the races of tamriel forst ( dwemer ayleid , etc. ) . 
  i really want to look at those , but since most of the things we know about them are from one source , i do n't think it would be worthewhile . 
  not necesarilly all continents have endured hardship . 
  yokuda was destroyed by the yokudans , atmora probably froze over because the atmorans left , pyandonea was cursed by tamrielics . 
  the other continents are still fine , though . 
  might make something later today about the more obscure races ... 
  i would at least cover the left-handed elves , maomer and possibly the tsaeci . 
  should look at how much is known about the sloads . 
  the imperials believe they go to aetherius . 
  however , we know that all afterlives are part of the dreamsleeve , and not aetherius . 
  i do n't know about daggerfell , but it might be as easy as someone dropping his dagger there ( some origin myths are like that ) . 
  the etymology of hammerfell is known though . 
  it is a partial translation of the word volenfell , which is dwemeri for city of the hammer . 
  the rourken clan had a fallout with the other dwarves of resdayn , and their leader swung his hammer ( volendrug ) and decided to build his city where it landed . 
  they really are . 
  a tes game surrounding akavir would be a wet dream for me , and i 'm not alone in that . 
  too bad there is so little known about them or their homeland , though . 
  they initially used just their power , just like lorkhan . 
  however , during creation they were tricked by lorkhan , making them use more power than responsible . 
  this sundered them , destroying many and making the remaining ones as they are today . 
  lorkhan was punished soon after , having his heart ripped out . 
  all et ` ada , daedra or aedra ( that destinction was only made later on ) were immortal ( or something like it , time did n't exist back then ) . 
  they were not made mortal by the sundering . 
  some of them were simply destroyed , others ( the earthbones and the ehlnofey ) gave up their immortality to try and stabalise nirn from the inside , while others remained at their original position as transcendent spirits , becoming the gods of mortals . 
  all these spirits who were part of creation are called the aedra ( meri for ` our ancestors ' ) . 
  haha , that was what sparked it all , was n't it ? 
  technically they are tamrielic . 
  i might include them in the main on the species series , as a small appendix with the more unexplained races , like kothringi and imga . 
  alas , the potentate ended about a centuy before eso . 
  but even if it was n't , i would n't be surprised if the developers fucked that up as well . 
  no , he is actually right . 
  i can not give the link from my phone , but meridia did give the ring of kahjiit , according to uesp . 
  however , how the ring relates to meridia is a mystery , and it might just be an artifact taken by the prince ( like what happened with volendrug and spellbreaker ) . 
  i could include that . 
  i will look into that either this afternoon or evening, 
  orsinium would probably not be a force on itself , since it was razed somewhere in the fourth era before the great war . 
  the orcs were still part of the legion , though , as they became increasingly pro-empire after the warp in the west . 
  o , and you should try to avoid using the term orsimer . 
  orcs really hate that name . 
  i thought cyrodiil was named after reman cyrodiil , but that might be the other way around ... 
  mostly the mer part . 
  they have accepted their curse , since malacath did as well . 
  i think sons of the snow is from in-game ( or i found with some fanmade thing ) , but i try to take something that sounds nice , and is descriptive ; sometimes i take something already there , or sometimes i make them up as i go . 
  you really let yourself go ... 
  but still good points, 
   not much is known about their appearance , but some say they resemble chameleons . 
  i was unaware of this source . 
  i will edit this, 
   the ancestors of the maormer were banished from aldmeris , because orgnum launched a rebellion , hoping to increase his own power . 
  i can understand where you 're coming from , but since the altmeri tale is the only tale known to us , i decide to stick with it . 
   since their exile , the maormer have constantly harassed the summerset isles , while even reaching the coast of valenwood once . 
  i may have misread the uesp article , as it does mention outpost on tamrielic shore . 
   while once shortly allied with the altmer , they did not care that the colovians killed off the entire maormeri fleet . 
  yet again as the banishment point : since there is only one source stating something ( even if it is the pge ) , i decide to use that . 
  i can however clearly see why the union of the ad and the maormer can be seen as imperial propaganda . 
   it is said that the psijics brewed up a storm strong enough to destroy orgnums fleet in such a way , that he would never be able to raise such a force again . 
  this is stated literally in the pge and on uesp . 
  it does n't mention the death of orgnum , and he is still referred to as living on uesp ( i.e. 
  all verbs regarding him are in present tense ) . 
   the sload appear as slug-like creatures , standing a bit taller than most humans . 
  i did use n'gasta as example . 
  still , if even a young sload is that big , and taking into account that sload might live long because of their careful nature , we can assume that many sload are bigger than men . 
   while not in any sense religious , the sload are known to sometimes abide to the will of daedric princes , as long as they can profit from it . 
  you gave a nice addition . 
  might consider adding it . 
   the only points in time when the sload were in contact with tamriel , was during the thrassian plague , which wiped out huge parts of tamriel , and caused the all-flag navy to sink thras , as well as when n'gasta came to stros m'kai . 
  ` the only point in time ' might came forth out of me still writing while doing research , as i did mention the emotion-thing when communicating with tamrielics . 
  i really need to edit that . 
  all in all , you 've made fair points , most of them indeed wrong on my part . 
  that is quite a distance away though , there is an entire continent in between . 
  there might be still some refugees on the islands , or down below them , like with the falmer in skyrim . 
  this is all speculation of course . 
  could be , but to my knowledge the imperial cult does not have a big saint structure , as alessia is the only one to my knowledge . 
  well it seems there are some things we wo n't agree on , but it is always good if everyone tries and corrects each other ( keeps everyone sharp ) . 
  i will look into the banishment , but i personally still hold that aldmeris is just a metaphor for a united elven society . 
  with that in mind , banishment from aldmeris and banishment from the summerset isles would be the same event . 
  and i did use a lot of summaries . 
  i 'm always a bit too nervous and energetic to read entire source material . 
  i sometimes do though ( mainly to prove others wrong ) . 
  hmm , searching uesp and til for these did n't give anything . 
  you happen to have a source for those saints ? 
  it is unclear why saarthal was attacked exactly , but it is believed that it could have either been the snow elves being afraid of the fast growing amount of men on their hometurf , or because they knew the eye of magnus was hidden there . 
  and you 're right about ` belief ' . 
  of course , but their point of view might just be as wrong as that of the altmer . 
  it is a lazy answer , but to be fair , we do n't know , and probably never will , who was right . 
  my own thought has always been that they only opened up after the empire took hammerfell . 
  i could 've emphasised that more . 
  might look into the first razing of orsinium . 
  it is a ruin on the mainland . 
  the eye was buried there , before the atmorans unearthed it , so i do n't think it was a natural cave to begin with . 
  that is a clear source . 
  i will add this, 
  it is true that the skeleton you find appears human , however it is entirely possible that the tsaeci used human soldiers ( there was a race of men on akavir ) . 
  the tail is described in ' 2920 ' . 
  nords take great pride in their personal strength . 
  they feel that using magic is cheating . 
  the first atmorans did n't really mind , but this sentiment grew stronger over the centuries . 
  the collapse of the college is just the final straw .
