  biologically , the ayleids did n't differ much from their elven brothers at the time , they all shared the pointed ears , a respectable longevity . 
  while their complexion was slightly darker than that of the aldmer ( most likely caused by the then tropical climate in cyrodiil ) , this is barely noteworthy . 
  what is noteworthy , however , are the magickal capabilities of the ayleids , as they were capable of trapping star - and sunlight into magic wells and shards of meteoric glass , known to us as either welkynd ( sky children ) or varla ( star ) stones ( it is entirely possible that the stones themselves have magic capabilities , seeing the nature of meteors , and are n't just containers of magicka ) . 
  these artefacts of ayleid culture are still usable , and desired treasure by the daring adventurer who is brave enough to traverse the dangerous ruins . 
  along with these magickal artefacts , the ayleids are also credited with creating the alteration school . 
  the few things we know of ayleid culture and politics stem from the reports of tjurhane fyrre , a civilized ayleid sage from the late first and early second era , and the demonised stories of the alessian order . 
  according to fyrre , the ayleid lived in many independent city-states , centred around the temple of the ancestor ( modern day white-gold tower ) . 
  while spanning multiple provinces , the core of ayleid culture was in cyrodiil . 
  while these city-states were all considered ayleid , they differed greatly ( in what they differed is unknown , only that they did ) . 
  while the early imperials under the alessian order strongly demonised the ayleids , portraying them as sadistic devils , the ayleids were still a ( at least for modern standards ) cruel race , as they did use large amounts of slaves , in the form of the native nedes . 
  while probably not as cruel as the alessian order wanted us to belief , the fact that they used slave labour could indicate that they had a attitude towards slavery and violence not very different from that of the dunmer . 
  another twisted idea about the ayleids is that they were daedra worshippers . 
  while this could have differed between city-state , and despite the fact that umaril was gifted with immortality by meridia , this is most likely more exception than rule . 
  indeed , many ayleid ruins show large statues of eagles , and elves holding a shield in one hand , and a bow in the other . 
  it is nowadays believed by many scholars that most ayleids , if not all , were active aedra worshippers , as the eagle is a aldmeri symbol of the aedra in general , and the bow and shield of the aedra auri-el , the elven god of time . 
  along with this , their strong interest in magicka and starlight hints at a veneration of magnus , or the magna ge in general . 
  another point which should be taken into consideration is the ayleid obsession with the number eight . 
  this could indicate aedra worship ( the eight spokes of the wheel ) . 
  one of the biggest achievements of the ayleids is the imperial city . 
  while this city seems like a feat of great city planning , and efficient use of the space on the island , the trained eye will see the metaphysical symbolism in this city . 
  the city is shaped like a circle , with a large spire in the middle . 
  according to some , this represents the metaphysical wheel , of which mundus is the hub . 
  the same people that claim this , also claim that the ayleid are the first since the et ` ada to discover the wheel . 
  another theory is that it resembles mundus , the tower representing all metaphysical towers , used to uphold mundus , and the three external districts ( waterfront , prison , and arcane university ) representing the moons ( masser , secunda , and possibly the mane ) . 
  it should be noted that the last theory is incredibly controversial . 
  where the history of the ayleids begin exactly is unknown . 
  according to them , they were exiled from aldmeris , and settled in cyrodiil . 
  there , they raised the white-gold tower , then calling it the temple of the ancestors . 
  during their settling , the ayleids enslaved many of the local nedic tribes , instating themselves as rulers of the province . 
  while initially only at war with themselves ( the bosmer of valenwood left them alone ) , this changed when the slave rebellion came . 
  the nedes , led by alessia the slave queen , fought themselves to freedom , getting help from two legendary heroes ( morihaus and pelinal whitestrake ) , and taking the area east of the niben first . 
  the nedes pushed forward until they reached what is now the imperial city in 1e 243 , where whitestrake stormed the white-gold tower alone , and killed the ayleid sorceror-king umaril the unfeathered . 
  even though he was victorious , the other ayleid kings ambushed him , splitting him in eight pieces . 
  alessia instituted herself as the first empress . 
  while initially peaceful with the remaining ayleid city-states , who were still independent from the first empire , this changed when the alessian order decided to destroy everything ayleid somewhere in the . 
  the cities were razed , the ayleid slaughtered . 
  only a handful remained , fleeing into the wilds . 
  at this points , ayleid culture has once and for all been destroyed , and would never again recover . 
  the eventual fate of the ayleid is unknown . 
  while the last city-state was destroyed somewhere in the early first era , the last known ayleid was tjurhane fyrre , a ayleid sage , who died in the early second era . 
  it is speculated that the ayleid are still alive , scattered around tamriel , even though the last sighting was more than a millennium ago . 
  * the ayleids are a strange group of elves , with very potent magic . 
  their history , intertwined with that of the imperials but little known , is fundamental to tamrielic history . 
  * welcome back to the seventeenth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume deals with the elves once native to the lands of skyrim , now twisted into the hideous falmer . 
  while not very well documented , these mer have been the subject of obsession for many scholars , throughout tamriel . 
  the snow elves ( originally called falmer ( snow people ) , which now refers to their twisted offspring ) were a race of elves native to the frozen lands of skyrim . 
  while there is not an awful lot known about their history or culture , they are known to have been the mortal enemies of the nords , who immigrated to a province already inhabited by the elves . 
  there is not an awful lot known about the exact biology of the snow elves , aside from a couple of legendary sources , and one adventurer bringing back a report of what he believed to be a unspoiled falmer . 
  according to the mythical reports , they were covered in a thin sheet of ice , giving them a slightly reflective , blue glow . 
  the more recent report , however , gives a slightly different appearance . 
  according to this report , while sticking to the almost altmer build , the snow elves have a skin as white as snow , with white hair , and white eyes . 
  in the sun light , the skin almost seems to reflect light . 
  there is little known of the abilities of the snow elves . 
  however , it could be assumed that the elves , just like their cousins , were very skilled in the use of magicka . 
  like with their appearance , there is little known of the society of the snow elves . 
  they most likely lived in big city states , like their elven cousins , even though nothing of this remains . 
  this is truly strange , as contemporary sources state that they lived on the surface of skyrim . 
  whatever remains of the snow elves ' once great civilisation is know either destroyed by the nords , or covered in the snow of skyrim . 
  there is a little more known about the religion of the snow elves . 
  it either overlaps or is completely the same as the altmer religion , since it recognises the same gods as the altmer , in the same role , for as far as we know . 
  of big importance to the snow elves was auri-el . 
  they have build at least one big chantry to the time god , and the snow elves had him linked to the light . 
  what is left of the snow elves can hardly be called much . 
  aside from one or two unchanged ones in hiding , most snow elves are now , after eras of hiding underground , twisted beings , known as the falmer . 
  these creatures are the stuff of horror stories told by the nords , who say they sneak out at night , and steal cattle ( and , according to nord mothers , also children ) . 
  these ferocious monsters roam the empty ruins of the dwemer , spanning out under almost the entire soil of skyrim , centring around blackreach , a big underground cavern , in the middle of the frozen province . 
  these creatures descend from the snow elves who fled after the atmoran retaliations after the night of tears , seeking shelter with the dwemer , who escaped the atmoran onslaught . 
  the dwemer , reluctantly accepting the snow elves , used them as slave labourers , feeding them toxic fungi only found underground . 
  over the course of centuries , these fungi horrendously reshaped the snow elves into the falmer , making them lose their eyesight ( eventually even their eyes entirely ) , making their backs bowed , and their intellect dwindling , while becoming a central part of their diet . 
  what remained were the horrible monsters seen nowadays . 
  how the snow elves came to skyrim , or why , is unknown . 
  however , they did have contact with the other mer kingdoms , more often good than not . 
  the first sources of the snow elves ( except for their own writing , of course , which as of yet has been untranslated , except for a few scribbles ) were from the atmorans who resettled tamriel . 
  while initially peaceful , the snow elves soon attacked the first city of the atmorans , saarthal . 
  what caused this aggression is lost in time , however , some theories have been raised . 
  they attacked either because they saw the growing atmoran colony as a threat , or they were afraid the atmorans uncovered the eye of magnus , an incredibly powerful artefact , burried beneath the snow of skyrim . 
  whatever might be the truth , the attacks saw almost the entire atmoran population wiped out , except for ysgramor and his sons . 
  they returned to atmora , created an army of five hundred men ( known as the companions ) , and set sail once again for tamriel . 
  once there , the retaliations started , sawing the destruction of almost everything snow elven . 
  all their cities were destroyed , along with most snow elven lives . 
  the remaining elfs , now homeless , fled . 
  some retreated in the mountains and empty spaces of skyrim , while most went to the dwemer to seek refuge . 
  it is rumoured that another group went to solstheim and became the rieklings . 
  while this theory is popular under the local skaal people , there has , as of yet , not been any proof to sustain this theory . 
  while the snow elves who fled on their have mostly stayed the same , the snow elves who fled to the dwemer did not , as detailed above . 
  these falmer ( as they are now known ) have build simple camps in the dwemer ruins that dot skyrim . 
  while their camps are primitive , fitting for their nature , they have been known to have trained the local chaurus and frostbite spider to do their bidding . 
  these falmer , being only mentioned in local nord stories , have reappeared in recent years , venturing ever further from their camps deep in the ruins , sometimes even making it to the surface of skyrim . 
  * the snow elves were once a mighty race of elves , now nothing more than the monsters that roam the halls of the derelict dwemer ruins . 
  this is quite fitting for tamrielic history , for one race almost always needs to make place for a next . 
  * welcome back to the eighteenth and last volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  after covering all of the relatively well documented races , we are still left with three lesser described races : the kothringi , the lilmothiit , and the imga , which will be covered in this volume . 
  the kothringi were a race of men now gone . 
  they inhabited the swamps of black marsh , and , while not known to have had major conflicts with the argonians , were probably destroyed by the hist . 
  not much is known about their appearance , except that they had silver skin . 
  this in itself is strange , as they most likely descended from the same group of wanderers as the nedes did , who have a warmer skin colour . 
  the kothringi were divided into four major tribes : orma , yerpest , horwalli , and kothringi ( or kothringi proper , to avoid confusion with the race itself ) . 
  how these tribes were divided is unknown . 
  the kothringi had their own pantheon , of which only mara and z'en ( a different aspect of zenithar ) are known .
