  it is detailed better in the faq . 
  this was most likely their plan all along . 
  it is generally rooted in elven culture to hate creation , and especially in the dwemer culture , as thry did not even think of the aedra and daedra as more than spirits . 
  like with all cultures , though , the masses would probably be more interested in day to day live , leaving metaphysics to the clergy and scholars . 
  from what we know , all towers were created by elves ( at least , all towers we know the creation about , with the exception of red mountain and ada-mantia , which are divine in nature ) . 
  a tower is designed to keep mundus from dissolving into oblivion , and the stones are generally divine in nature ( lorkhan 's heart for red mountain , the chim-el-adabal for white gold , given by akatosh , the mantella containing the souls of shezzarines for numidium , convention itself for ada-mantia ) . 
  seeing that auri-el ( an elf ) was the first to ascend a tower and become divine , it is closer tied to the elves than to the races of men . 
  from what i understood , this came from mk . 
  i 'm citing the faq , but i should find a more direct source . 
  there are some problems in the details . 
  mdn explained akatosh already , but , to my knowledge , the elder scrolls were not created by the et ` ada , but were fragments of aetherial energy floating around , ` manifesting ' ( or appearing , due to the limits of mortal minds ) as readable scrolls . 
  still , i like the idea of the aurbis being a computer program , but we already know the aurbis is music , and the scrolls are most likely the sheet music for an irregular piece . 
  it is n't entirely impossible to unite the two natures , but it might be a bit of overkill . 
  further answer : it was with dancing . 
  they mantled the aurbis itself , becoming above the gods and able to recreate the time dragon . 
  since the aurbis is music , and the walking way used is ` walk like them until they walk like you ' , how would you walk like music ? 
  you dance . 
  during the dance , they became as the aurbis , finishing the first part of this walking way . 
  for the second half , they shifted their dance , forcing the aurbis into a direction they wanted . 
  by messing with the time god , a dragon break happened , as he got overstrained again . 
  it explains why they all talk to me . 
  almost . 
  elder scrolks tell of events , past and future . 
  the past is clearly defined , but the future is cloudy , as mundus is irregular . 
  also , i tend to disagree about sheet music . 
  it only shows who does what at what time , but it does n't denote how the violin players hold their violin , or what it does to the listners . 
  first of , originally akatosh did not exist , and got created later . 
  some imga were most likely involved ( or , marukh at least was ) , but not all imga are altmer haters ( most actually love them ) . 
  the dance was done by the marukhati selective , who were part of the alessian order . 
  also , lorkhan is not a part of aka , and is pretty much the exact opposite ( this will get confusing later on ), 
  now , at creation , there was only one aspect of the time dragon , it itself , namely aka . 
  due to creation , the aedra were shattered and fragmented , and the individual shards got a different identity due to mythopoeia ( what you believe becomes true ) . 
  this is why alduin and alkosh are different yet similar ( i 'm keeping akatosh and auri-el out of the picture for now ) . 
  so now we have multiple , yet similair shards . 
  during the dawn , auri-el , then still mortal , mantled a shard of aka , becoming a time god as well ( the process is called dracochrysalis ) . 
  he and trinimac killed lorkhan at convention , and auri-el let time flow linear then . 
  fast forward more than a thousand years . 
  the alessian order was solidifying the imperial pantheon , and , because they hated elves , wanted to get rid of the elven aspects in their time god . 
  marukh came with the answer , and he and a select group of the order danced atop of a tower ( most likely ada-mantia ) . 
  by doing this , they mantled the aurbis itself , and could alter anything , both mundane and divine , as they wished . 
  they took their time god ( most likley auri-el himself at the time ) , took out the elven aspect , and slammed in a more pro-men aspect , namely shezzar , the imperial aspect of lorkhan . 
  because of this act , auri-el and shezzar seemed to have disappeared , and akatosh was created . 
  due to the opposing forces of lorkhan and aka ( aka is a subgradient of anu , stasis , and lorkhan of phadomay , change ) , akatosh became insane and schizophrenic . 
  the easiest example of akatosh ' dual nature is his stained glass portrait in the imperial temples in oblivion . 
  he is portrayed as a robed figure holding an hourglass , and with both the face of a dragon and a man . 
  lorkhan was killed by trinimac and auri-el . 
  they wanted stasis , while lorkhan wanted change . 
  during the dawn , mundus was a mess , with everything * changing * all at once . 
  auri-el and trinimac felled it was necessary to do away with lorkhan so that they could impose stasis . 
  auri-el was mortal at least . 
  back then , defining race was pretty much impossible ( it got more shape afterwards , and he was an old-ehlnofey/aldmer ) . 
  but as soon as he mantled a shard of aka , he was as much a time god as alduin or alkosh , or any other aspect for that matter . 
  alkosh and alduin are different shards of aka ( tosh raka also mantled aka , and i do n't want to touch ruptga right now ) . 
  even though they are similar , they all have their differences . 
  auri-el is the beginning of time , alduin its end ; alkosh is the support of time , and akatosh is all of it . 
  they are similar , yet different . 
  they are all part of a larger , now unconscious , being , the oversoul : aka ( - tusk ) . 
  sinismer ( sinistra is latin for left ) is a fan name for the left-handed elves . 
  they did not have an elven name until now . 
  mantling is taking over the sphere of something , becoming indistinguishable from it . 
  it is mostly used with a mortal taking over the sphere of influence of a god ( like with the ruddy man mantling molag bal , and the coc mantling sheogorath ) , but in this case the universe itself was mantled . 
  i 'll leave the khajiit questions for flippers , as he knows way more about this than i do ( or then anyone , actually ) . 
  the same goes for argonians and ifw/xeno, 
  the imga do not hate the elves . 
  sure , marukh hated them , but the pge ( how inaccurate it might be ) listed them as altmer lovers . 
  they are most likely something in between , with some individuals loving them , some hating them , and most just not caring about either group . 
  the lilmothiit were a vulpine race from black marsh . 
  there is not much more known about them , apart from that they ( most likely ) died out during the knahaten flu . 
  there are n't more beast races , as far as i know . 
  also , i ca n't help you with the ancestry of the akaviri races , as i know nothing about that . 
  they are mantioned in ` varieties of faith ' , under diagna . 
  he is said to have given the yokudans orichalc weapons , to beat the elves . 
  the dreugh are a race of water crusteceans . 
  they are enemies in morrowind and oblivion ( although the oblivion dreugh is a landcritter , attributed to their mating fase , in which they seek out land ) . 
  according to vivec , they ruled mundus in a previous kalpa . 
  you sure ? 
  because what i remember of being dutch , is that we do the whole present thing on the fifth of december, 
  it 's that time of the year again , when you have to be with relatives you vaguely know , and do n't really like . 
  and that is what i 'll be doing this day and the next . 
  merry/happy/jolly christmas all, 
  hey !, 
  you two should kiss !, 
  ^ ^ * prepares * ^ ^ * camera *, 
  i also asked my uncle about the history of his people , but he only yelled : `` i 'm not a goddamn dwarf ! '', 
  i think he is too ashamed to come clean . 
   still using muatra because vehk was 1337 and epic, 
   casuel does not know truestl can greentext, 
  [ ] ( / alert ), 
  yup . 
  half the country is n't even christian any more , but we still celebrate it . 
  ( same goes for christmas , btw ), 
  i 'm having trouble with a daedric pact , as the altmer hate the daedra ( but the ayleid most likely did as well , and they had their own pact ) . 
  imo the thalmor want a sort of reversed mythopoeia . 
  the worship does not only shape the gods , but also gives them strength . 
  by removing the worship part , they hope to limit talos ' strength , making him unable to further solidify convention ( which talos did as soon as he became a god ) . 
  the wheel comes from the sermons , which is from a non-imperial culture . 
  the eight are the most powerful aedra that remained after creation . 
  of course , there were some aditions later on ( like talos and phynaster ) , but those are ascended mortals . 
  worship is n't the key here . 
  recognition is .
