  from the stag head on his own , one could hear his teeth clashing with the force of mountains , and spurts of blood shot out through the stag head . 
  faolan led out a howl that was heared throughout every corner of the reach , from dr\u00e1chst\u00e1ir to the leap , and from there to sian h\u00e1irgramen and back again . 
  his howl lasted for more than an hour , and echoed through the reach for more than three weeks . 
  at this time , h\u00e9stram 's men had heard faolan , and were at the ready . 
  when they saw the lone king on the hill , they started laughing . 
  one soldier commented : `` what is that dumb and petty man thinking ? 
  is he hoping to take on the mighty legions of the south all by himself ? '', 
  orc\u00ed , who was inspecting troops when it happened , said : `` hold your tongue , dumb boy . 
  that there is faolan , or used to be him . 
  as a normal man he could take on any of you a hundred fold , and live to tell about it . 
  he seems different now , and i advice you all to stay ready . '', 
  orc\u00ed was ignored . 
  angry , he made way to h\u00e9stram 's tent , hoping that she would listen to his reason . 
  faolan heard the soldiers laughing , and it made his rage more potent . 
  the hairs of his beard were standing upright , each tense enough to break the mountains of the reach . 
  every drop of blood was filled with magicka and rage , and each was potent enough to crack the earth beneath him . 
  faolan could no longer contain his rage , and that was when the fighting started . 
  he flung his javelins at the soldiers below , each followed by fire and frost and lightning . 
  before the first javelin landed , the sun was blotted out by faolan 's javelin and magicka feats . 
  before the soldiers stopped laughing , they were all dead . 
  the ones that were resting or stationed at the other side of the camp heard the rumble , and rose to their feet and grabbed their arms and armour . 
  they saw their dead comrades on the ground , their heads split open by javelins and their bowels scattered throughout the camps . 
  some were scattered completely by fire or lightning or frost . 
  some of the living vomited at this sight . 
  they took position , albeit scared stiff . 
  faolan was now out of javelins , and drew his swords . 
  his rage had only increased by the smell and sight of blood . 
  he ran down the hill with the speed of the winds , and caught every arrow shot at him . 
  he carved a path through the enemy ranks , and circled the camp nine times , so that no man could flee . 
  by doing this he made the palisade of the reach , which was a wall of bodies , headless torso against severed neck , three high . 
  after his ninth round , he went back in the camp to slaughter the remaining troops . 
  the bards and poets that were in h\u00e9stram 's camp were almost all slaughtered , and the remaining either fainted or were wounded , so that no one could accurately account the massacre . 
  this was the greatest slaughter in the rape of the reach . 
  the following morning , the remainder of h\u00e9stram 's forces tried cleaning up the camp . 
  they burned or buried the bodies laying around . 
  there were so many that count was lost , but it is thought that h\u00e9stram lost at least twenty battalions that night . 
  no man was left unscathed ; they either lost a limb , or an eye , or had broken bones , bruised limbs , heart conditions , or were damaged in another way . 
  faolan , thinking his form the previous day was hideous , had made effort to look his best . 
  he took up position on the same hill as yesterday . 
  his black beard was braided three fold , and a nine fold ribbons were placed in his fair hair , in beautiful disorganisation . 
  his skin was clean , and showed no signs of the previous battle . 
  in each hand he held nine heads , each from one of h\u00e9stram 's legates . 
  he held them high above his head , to show his triumph to h\u00e9stram 's forces . 
  faolan 's troops , who had seen the battle of the previous day , stood behind him . 
  as much as h\u00e9stram 's men were shocked by the show of power , so were faolan 's . 
  they did not recognise their king in this form , nor did they recognise their own commanders , for they were br\u00e1irc\u00f3r as well . 
  unruly and uneasy , they stood behind their king , hoping to never wrong him or never upset him , for they were wary of his might . 
  h\u00e9stram looked out at the hill , and spit at the ground . 
  she yelled : `` this is low , faolan , that you must show your spoils of war to us , who have suffered by your unearthly rage . '', 
  without saying a word , faolan dropped the heads , so that they rolled down the hill towards h\u00e9stram . 
  meanwhile , he picked up a stone , and flung it with such force at the horse h\u00e9stram was seated on that its brains covered h\u00e9stram 's white-gold armour . 
  h\u00e9stram jumped of the collapsing horse and spit at the ground again before turning her back at faolan without saying another word . 
  h\u00e9stram called for orc\u00ed and tul\u00edr , who were both still hiding from faolan 's earlier rage . 
  when they were found and entered h\u00e9stram 's tent , both looked pale , and it was clear neither had slept that night . 
  h\u00e9stram spoke : `` this king faolan is still a problem . 
  you have seen what he did to my men . 
  i thought orc\u00ed had killed him , but that does n't seem to be the case . 
  he also seems changed . 
  when i did battle with him , he appeared to be mere mortal , but the damage he did yesterday seems more along the lines of the pelin-el . 
  do any of you know what he is now ? '', 
  tul\u00edr and orc\u00ed remained silent , looking down to the ground in shame of their form yesterday . 
  orc\u00ed spoke first : `` i do n't know for sure , queen of the south . 
  what i do know , is that there is dark magic involved , one that none of your mages can fathom . 
  if i were to make a guess , i 'd say that the h\u00e1irgramen are involved , those you have come to call old hag . 
  they are beasts that many reachmen do not like to deal with , although faolan might do it to further his goals . '', 
  tul\u00edr spoke : `` what is he now then ? 
  this is no mere enchantment or alchemic effect . 
  he seems to be a monster without reckoning , not mortal nor divine . 
  is he possessed by another spirit , or has he never shown his true force before ? '', 
  orc\u00ed replied : `` he is possessed by his own spirit . 
  if i am right , he is not himself anymore . 
  when he stood on the hill this morning , the soldiers spoke of a hole in his chest , with a bright yellow thing in it . 
  i think it is a replacement heart . '', 
  tul\u00edr frowned , and was said to have spoke the following words : `` as above , so below . '', 
  h\u00e9stram was said to say the following : `` indeed , tul\u00edr , and we all know how it will end . 
  i am blessed by the [ dragon/eagle ] ^ 1 , and he will not be a challenge . 
  still , i do not hope to meet him again , as my armour is still tainted with the blood of l\u00e9ech . 
  when it is washed clean of that , i will ride to the field again and slay him . 
  in the meantime , i want orc\u00ed to seek him out and slay him . 
  along with this , i want you to cut off his head , so that the same dishonour he brought to my legates will be brought to him . 
  dispose of his body in any way you see fit , but cut out his heart , whatever it may be , and burn it . 
  i do not want him to become a martyr , nor do i want to face him again , dead or alive . 
  do this , and you will be safe either in the city of ancestors , or in the reach as one of my statholders . '', 
  orc\u00ed turned even paler , and without a word he turned around . 
  tul\u00edr spoke : `` is this the best course of plan , queen h\u00e9stram ? 
  orc\u00ed seems to be afraid , and i do not think he is able to beat faolan as it is . '', 
  h\u00e9stram spoke : `` orc\u00ed will do as i ask , or fail in the process . 
  either way , he will prove his worth , for i am preparing my own battle with faolan . 
  if orc\u00ed survives , i can either put him away in our city , or leave him here , in this godsforsaken land . '', 
  tul\u00edr noded , and spoke : `` that sounds logical , queen . 
  how will you be able to beat faolan ? 
  your last battle ended in a tie . '', 
  h\u00e9stram gave off a small smile , and signalled tul\u00edr to leave her alone . 
  orc\u00ed made way to the camp of faolan , still afraid of what was about to happen . 
  andoe spotted him arriving , and made his way back to faolan . 
  andoe spoke : `` great king , the snake is making his way to us , and he wants to do combat from the looks of it . 
  what will you do , faolan ? '', 
  faolan stood up , stretching his back : `` meet him and tell him to meet me at the nearest ford . 
  i will fight him , and i will behead him . '', 
  andoe ran with the speed of the winds towards orc\u00ed .
