  yeah the igs has a reputation of ignorance . 
  and yeah , i remembered that book from skyrim . 
  thanks for reminding me, 
  the reason why jews are prosecuted in the west is a long one . 
  the first anti-semitic sympathies were in ancient greece . 
  the greek thought monotheism a very strange idea , and , as greeks , looked down upon everything different . 
  while this sympathy originally was strictly greek , it changed after the romans conquered judea . 
  before this , they had treated jews ( there was a large diaspora in alexandria ) fairly reasonable , like they would any minority . 
  however , during the siege of judea , the jews fought like the romans would ( to the last man , better to die on your own sword than to be captured ) . 
  since this had cost rome huge amounts of money and man , anti-jew sympathies grew . 
  later on during the roman empire , jews and christians were both faced with the same persecution , as they refused to worship the emperor as a god ( this was not yet custom during the siege of judea ) . 
  than christianity became the religion of the biggest empire in european history . 
  the romans were smart enough to improve their role in the bible ( let 's be honoust , pontius pilate would n't bat an eye for ` just some jewish boy ' , who caused unrest in his area ) , so they were not to blame . 
  and here comes the catch : why would christians suddenly be the chosen people of god ? 
  the old testament clearly states that the jews are his favourites . 
  well , what better way to lose that title , than killing god 's son ? 
  the jews were basicly scapegoated by the early christians . 
  afterwards , jews were always secluded from day-to-day life in medieval europe , as they lived in separate neighbourhoods ( the ghetto 's ) , and had specific professions , like bankers ( something christians were n't allowed to do ) . 
  this seclusion did n't help their image very much , and caused many persecutions and pogroms throughout history . 
  now how does this relate to the u.s.a. ? 
  i believe we can safely say that american culture is partially , if not mostly , based upon european culture , and especially british culture . 
  to sum the whole thing up : jews have always had a troubled relation with the other people of europe , and as the usa are a continuation of european culture , these traits still exist . 
  edited it a bit , but i will re-read it tomorrow . 
  i can see that the king and rebel position are interchangable before the observer effect , but how does this make them parts of the same being ? 
  no you 're right about that , but the old theory just did n't give them a genetic link to the other races of men . 
  arniel gane , on the other hand , was just messing around and caused himself to vanish , probably not on purpose . 
  why bother as a god , if he is going to destroy himself ? 
  so ... they get entangled ? 
  and i agree with the ` beings ' thing , but that what am i supposed to call them , then ? 
  during the events of skyrim , skyrim was still part of the empire . 
  furthermore , i think it is safe to say that the worth of the septim is based on the weight of the gold used in it . 
  so a 200 year old coin from a empire that is as good as gone is still worth the same as it used to . 
  uesp sees in-game content as the only lore , while this subreddit also relies on forumposts by the developers and some logical conjencture . 
  he was definitly an honourable man . 
  he was the leader of the conpanions after all . 
  hey ! , that 's my turf, 
  i have a question about the second quote . 
  it states that ` the dragon born ' had hidden the secret to divinity . 
  is this still a reference to the tribunal ( which would be a very strange thing to call them ) , or is he now referencing the dragonborn emperors , starting with alessia ? 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i actually meant the retributions following it , messed that up . 
  i could n't find anyrhing regarding the creation myth of the bretons , so i do n't know for certain . 
  but since he is a demonized version of shor ( he is bassicly the god of bad things ) , created by the aldmer , i think it 's safe to say he has the same role in creation as lorkhan in elven myths . 
  might need to edit that , then . 
  but the most important thing about it is that it broke the ayleid power in cyrodiil . 
  i think it is a bit too easy to call them the ss . 
  anyway , the thalmor wanting to make mundus collapse is only a rumour , albeit a very logical and believable one . 
  mundus ( irl : latin for world ) is the realm of mortals , so bassicly nirn and its moons, 
  edit : might want to explain towers as well . 
  there are a couple of metaphysical towers in tamriel . 
  some appear as towers ( direnni tower , white gold tower ) , some do n't ( red mountain , the throat of the world ) . 
  these towers all contain a stone ( different for all towers , and not all known ) , that gives it the power to support mundus . 
  in tes ii , iii and iv ( at least , skyrim is a bit of a discussion ) , a stone is destroyed ( the mentalla of the numidium , the heart of lorkhan of red mountain , and the amulet of kings of white-gold tower ) . 
  there is a theory that the thalmor want to deactivate the towers , so that mundus will collapse , and the kalpa will end , placing them back to the beginning of time , when they were still et ` ada . 
  ushnad put possibly the most important link to this theory below me ( it 's the origin of the tower theory , really ) . 
  the problem is that all this information is given outside of the games ( it 's hinted at in the games at best ) , so uesp has little to nothing about it . 
  start roaming til and this subreddit and you 're good . 
  it gets brought up a lot . 
  i have no idea , but looking at the type of stuff mk posts , might as well be . 
  that , or he was dropping acid, 
  interesting read ( as always ) . 
  still , i would 've liked a bit more about the forebears , crowns and lhotunics ( it 's a political summary after all ), 
  if you do , could you pm me the details . 
  that would help with my post about redgaurds . 
  i could swear i said lorkhan and akatosh entangled , and i could swear that was correct ( correct me if i 'm wrong ) . 
  and yeah , i have a lot of spare time and energy on my hands . 
  but talking about posts , have n't seen something from you in a while . 
  following up on your promise of kicking off your lore addiction ? 
  hmm , might need to take a look at the time-god stuff ( which is confusing as hell ) . 
  o and good news for you : you only have four more stages to go . 
  i have never seen or read anything that represents lorkhan ( or one of his aspects ) as a serpent other than in redgaurd mythology ( which would n't explain this statue in skyrim ) . 
  furthermore , talos and lorkhan ( or shor ) are both pro-human gods actively venerated in skyrim . 
  the snake might represent other things though . 
  i take a wild geuss and say it either represents dragons ( tiber septim was dragonborn ) , or the tsaeci ( which makes it more symbolical , as there is a huge time gap between the last tsaeci potentate , and tiber septim . 
  still , it would be the next empire after the tsaeci that talos founded ) . 
  so bassicly a khajiit ( minus the mythopoeic part ) ? 
  well , seems i have some rewriting to do, 
  i would n't call the towers earthbones . 
  true , they support mundus as well , but the earthbones were aedra sacrivising themsleves to create the laws of nature , while the towers were all created . 
  initially , only the nords would mind out of era-old supersticion . 
  however , if the snow elves would be to grow and settle somewherr , they would take the lands of other races ( compare this to the orcs in high rock ) , which will probably create tensions and/or war . 
  both the altmer and the dunmer are incredibly proud people , and because of the major differences ( the altmer worship aedra , the dunmer worship daedra , for instance ) , i do n't think they really like each other . 
  furthermore , i would n't think that much of any respect out of a shared heritage . 
  the dunmer ( then chimer ) broke with the altmer ( then aldmer ) , after all . 
  this is an example of gameplay vs. lore . 
  the fact that you can use it on one target at a time is most likely so the pc wo n't be overpowered . 
  when we look at the lore regarding shouting , we see mentions of people shouting down fortresses , tearing armies apart , and even permanently changing the climate of cyrodiil . 
  i ca n't help you with the cooldown , but i think it is just a game mechanic . 
  it really brought new light to the commentaries , and i 'm looking forward to the conclusion . 
  so , i 'll be gone for a week again ( this time with no internet , as far as i know ) , and after that i will be starting my final year of high school . 
  so do n't expect the same amount oftexts from me . 
  question for everyone : what is your favourite ( non-tes ) game ? 
  dagon possibly ? 
  about who can destroy a village the easiest , perhaps . 
  i can see dagon using natural disasters , keeping a couple of people still alive , while sheogorath makes them tear eachother and themselves apart . 
  i played borderlands 2 a shitton . 
  i really liked the humor , especially after the hours i put in fallout . 
  i would put my septims on nobody understanding what is said . 
  i need to finish my high school firs , but i 'm thinking of doing either linguistics , or celtic languages and culture . 
  that thread kinda exploded really quick .
