  his realm ) . 
  i myself believe that it is a different realm of itself , with the spirits present being the collective image of the original person ( so mythopoeic forces acting on mortal spirits ) . 
  edit : meant to say sovngarde in the second part . 
  still have to take a look at the sources below . 
  sounds less like a blast . 
  at least there is someone there for them , though . 
  oh no , sheo would be laying down a poker table in the middle of the arena , because he is he . 
  is it actually stated no others can enter ( been a while since my videocard worked ) ? 
  iirc , the portal was activated by a dragob priest , at a side which only dragons can reach , who would n't enter since alduin would destroy them if they did . 
  i do n't think alduin and the ldb are the only ones able to enter . 
  and that was the last we heard of the skyrem fan and long-time casuel tooskilled . 
  may his soul rest in sovngarde . 
  it is entirely possible that they had top-side farms . 
  it is ( most likely ) impossible to grow food underground , or on a large scale . 
  when we look at other civilasations , we see that mosy cities do n't grow their own food eithet , ` importing ' it from other regions around it , so i would n't be surprised if the dwemer had surface farms . 
  along with what anon said , ancestor moths were and are very important in nibenay culture . 
  their silk is magical , and it is used to store ancestral stories and memories in them . 
  by swirling the scarf around , the song can be heard ( imagine a heraldic coat of arms able of singing ) . 
  the blind moth priests are responsible for the cultivation of these moths , and can apparantly use them to tap into more obscure forms of magic , in order to utilise the dreamsleeve , and interpret the elder scrolls . 
  this reminds me of ` flower of scotland ' a great deal . 
  fun to read !, 
  in ehlnofex , the name can correspond to the sphere . 
  so in this case , herma mora means ` knowledge ' , and not really hwrmeaus mora himself . 
  there are some cultural differences between the city states , but not on the scale of the differences between high rock and the rest of tamriel ( orsinium still is completely different ) . 
  the city states , at the time of daggerfall at least , all had their own standing armies . 
  while they were big enough to keep eachother at bay , they would be overshadowed by the legion , or any other army from a more centralised area . 
  also , breton xulture prefers gaining power through diplomacy , blackmailing , backstabbing and anything more rogue-like than cold steel . 
  the local lords and kings had had influence in the empire , but not a lot . 
  this became even less after the warp , when the emperor solidified his power in the area . 
  piracy has always been a problem in the illiac bay , and pirates having more ground than they should is as old as the kingdoms . 
  i do n't know if piratea still hold power there , though . 
  i do n't know about battles in high rock . 
  it remained relatively peaceful , and the bretons have a hand of redirecting a conflict away from them . 
  orsinium has moved . 
  at the time of skyrim , it is closer to the borders of hammerfell and skyrim . 
  bretons in the elder scrolls seem to be influenced by multiple things . 
  in daggerfall , many of the buildings and clothing seemed to be influenced by medieval europe . 
  the names of individual bretons are french or frwnch-like . 
  the name ` breton ' , as well as their obsession with magic , and the ( supposed ) amount of poets points towards a celtic origin . 
  however , i feel that you should never look at tes things with real life counterparts . 
  the bretons are n't purely inspired by the above , and they have many more sources of influence and fictive additives . 
  by looking at them as the tes equivalent of something can make you look over many important details . 
  i ca n't help you with the map , though . 
  yes it is probably based of it . 
  it seems strangely obvious now that you say it , but i had never realised this . 
  great work !, 
  what do you base it on that ayleids were necromancers ? 
  i know about the zombies in many of the in-game ruin , but most were there due to necromancers and liches in more modern times , attracted to the secrecy of the ruins and the magical potency in the varla and welkeynd stones . 
  the amount of liches seems to point to necromancy , yes . 
  but i still believe the meridia pact umaril had to be more an exception than a rule , due to the amount of aedric statues and light worship . 
  also , biggest blunder of 2013 !, 
  ( / ooc : that bree person really hit the nail on the head , btw ), 
  but can he canonize cans which can become cannons in the canon , or ca n't het canonize can cannons in the canon ? 
  it 's the casuel subspecies . 
  it is born when the new mane is elected and the other two moons face-palm themselves out of existence for a couple of years . 
  well a few days is 1008 years , and just a split second during a dragon break . 
  and yes , it can change gods , and most likely destroy them as well . 
  i think a dragon break can cause bassicaly everything , but utilising it is something else . 
  the reason it worked with akatosh is mosttly because of him being the time-god . 
  looks like a pretty normal water face to me, 
  with hitler born on 420 , i think i know why he wants dem trees . 
  i finaly have my two-week christmas/new year break , which i really needed . 
  i might even get back to writing ( but most likely not this week ) . 
  in other news , i tried going to a new barbershop ( as my old one started to be an asshole ) , and i have to say i 'm very glad and ammused i did . 
  the new one is 30 's styled , does not allow women in ( men need to be at ease at one point , do n't they ? 
  ) , and there is free coffee , beer , and whiskey while waiting . 
  also , this is the first time in over 6 years that i have short hair again , which is pretty new to me . 
  i can move my head a lot better , but my neck 's freezing as well . 
  also : gongratulations lebiro !, 
  seems you overlooked [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1o7td1/pronunciation_of_the_dragon_language/ ), 
  it should be noted that nord culture is way more militaristic than that of other races . 
  when a jarl challenges the high king to a duel , it is seen as normal , but when a collovian warlord challenges another , it 's a civil war . 
  they still use straight razors there , so a bit of self control is adviced . 
  need to check the second source closer , but i 'm wondering what the wiki based its finding of . 
  i checked the paarthurnax and odahving dialougues , the shouts , and the lyrics of the theme , but i could n't find an instance of a spoken uu , just u ` u. 
  also , i ca n't stand the wiki - . -, 
  it depends on who . 
  almalexia , being mercy and generally aiming outwards , would walk between the people before her madness . 
  sotha sil , on the other hand , being mistery , secluded himself completely in his clockwork city , at some point even giving up contact with ayem and vehk . 
  vivec was a midway between public and secluded , being a ( sort of ) combination of the other two members of the tribunal . 
  he did , but that was mostly as a face for other official , or ( like in the yokuda case ) to appear as a god . 
  he also appeared as a person for the people , but not in the manner of almalexia . 
  it even has eight spokes !, 
  very inaccurate . 
  when some people here have a more accurate diagram , so for those you 'll have to stick around for a bit . 
  the wheel is still the most accurate representation we have . 
  the drawing is accurate in that everything is surrounded by aetherius , but it makes a mistake in that the daedric realms are all centred in one ` ball ' ( they are , just like everything except for nirn , infinite realms ) . 
  instead , the realms of oblivion are part of the void of oblivion , which is outside of mundus . 
  this is something the designer of the graph overlooked . 
  the realms of the divines and nirn and its moons are mundus , suspended in oblivion ( but not part of it ) . 
  the realms of the daedra are part of this ` void ' , and oblivion expands to the edges , bordering on aetherius . 
  they are sort of confirmed though . 
  the representation in the imperial orrery is as accurate as we know , but all being infinite in size , yet still bigger or smaller than the others , means that only relative size is important here . 
  i do n't know . 
  as far as i know , the pge 's are the only source we have about them , with the exception of a post on the bgsf by kurt khulman ( undet the name hasphat antabolis ) , saying that they are mostly wrong and obly listend to becausr of their history and position . 
  it seems tied to them because it is kingless , no ? 
  that does n't mean it was n't made by the elves . 
  white-gold was also tied to the emperors . 
  we know pretty well what happened with the dwemer . 
  they uncreated themselves and became the skin of numidium .
