  that is igs bullshit , aimed to legitimise septim 's rule over skyrim . 
  the atmorans are , just like the rest of men , descendants of the wanderers , a group of ehlnofey that fell out with the others about how to view creation . 
  the story that kyne breathed live into the nords on top of the throat of the world can either mean that the nords themselves originated there ( as in : the atmorans changed ) , or it means that all life originated on tamriel . 
  interbreeding is entirely possible , for the most extant . 
  men and mer ( khajiit count as mer ) , have a common ancestor in the ehlnofey ( the wanderers and old ehlnofey could be considered genetically the same race , albeit a different culture , but the dawn was ideas given shape ) . 
  the races show enough resemblance to interbreed . 
  the argonians are outside of this spectrum , as they are genetically bio-engineered tree lizards . 
  the hist shape their genetic structure to that of their desire ( or the closest equivalent of a genetic structure ) . 
  we know that there is interracial breeding . 
  the gray prince and the breton race are the most well known examples . 
  from these two it is assumed that a newborn inherits the race of their mother , with trades of their father ( the gray prince is orc , just like his mother , with his father an imperial . 
  the bretons are the descendants of ( female ) household servants/slaves and their direnni masters ) . 
  i would n't see how calling it bormahu is wrong . 
  in christianity , we all know who i mean when i say christ . 
  still , christ comes from the greek \u03a7\u03c1\u03b9\u03c3\u03c4\u03cc\u03c2 , and means anointed . 
  something that is a title in another language can become a proper name in another . 
  when we look at the etymology of most roman gods ,, 
  we 'll get pretty descriptive names , yet we still use the roman name . 
  i do n't know about half-half looking cases . 
  it 's definitly impossible in the first generation , but i guess that there could be an inter-form after a long enough tradition . 
  the thing is that a half-dunmer , half-imperial does n't look like a mix , but just like a slightly different individual of one of the races . 
  multy racial couples have been featured in the games ( there is an altmer in skyrim who married a nord , and there is bound to be some interracial couple in oblivion ) . 
  a metropolitan area like cyrodiil is bound to have multiracial couples and relations . 
  i do n't think that racial purity really exists in the heavier inhabited area 's ( if argonian 's and khajiit are able to have mixed race offspring ) . 
  the only thing is that it is barely visible . 
  also , would n't that misplace the orcs hundreds of miles ? 
  it is possible for some dwemer settlement to be in the mountains of high rock , but i never heard of orcish settlements on vvardenfell . 
  when a prince wants to interfene on mundus , he 'll be stretched over the earthbones . 
  they would have to play by the rules of mundus ( imagine fighting a fish on dry land and underwater ) . 
  also , why would a prince interfene ? 
  after alduin 's done , there 's a blank slate to work with . 
  o lords , what is the meaning of this gathering of might ? 
  update : orcs and dunmer outraged by claims . 
  we have a live conection with our correspondent graznog gro-udnar in nova orsinium . 
  graznog , what is the general reaction in orsinium regarding their alternative identity ? 
   well , most orcs are truly furious about the recent news . 
  they feel their identity has been severely damaged . 
  the importance of religion in orsinium should not be underestimated , and the orcs feel it is insulting to put them on the same plate as the dwemer , which are still seen as ` godless ' and ` unfaithful to the gods ' . 
  also , as any traveller to an orcish settlement can confirm , saying orcs are mer , while technically is true , can be a dangerous past-time . 
  so the orcs feel insulted . 
  has there been any official response from malacath ? 
   there has , as of yet , not been any official statement from the ashpit , but we expect that any moment . 
  as you know , official statements can take time to prepare . 
  there have been , however , sounds from malacath 's seat of power that he is very unpleased with the story . 
  our reports say that he was planning on taking action against anyone who would claim such a scurrilous claim , and that the ashpit would release an official statement condemning any such ` false theories ' . 
  thank you , graznog . 
  not only the orcs are furious , but the news has also caused unrest in the dunmer lands . 
  from solstheim , our correspondent breyns sares . 
  breyns , the orcs have been furious , can the same be said for the dunmer ? 
   most dunmer seem to be left cold by the news , but the boethiah cults have been in a state of unrest ever since the whole debate started . 
  and why is that ? 
  boethiah has little to do with the dwemer . 
   the dwemer are not really the problem here . 
  of course , they are insulted that their age-old nemesis has been likened to the orcs , with which the relations have been going increasingly well over the past few years . 
  no , the cultist are more annoyed by the blatant disinterest in the chronological order of the story . 
  according to the tradition of the cult , the orcs were created just before the exodus , but the then chimer found a surprisingly large amount of dwemer on vvardenfell as soon as they landed . 
  according to the boethiah cultists , this could have only happened with interference of boethiah , which would make him an enemy of the dunmer . 
  of course , this could have huge political and cultural ramifications . 
  has boethiah herself commented on the theory ? 
   not as of yet . 
  i had a session with her official spokesperson this morning . 
  according to him , the prince is currently waiting for the aftermath of this unrest , but is not yet planning on releasing any official statement . 
  it was made clear , however , that she was not at all pleased with what was called `` a heinous disrespect for history and daedric might '' . 
  thank you , breyns . 
  my questions are for others to hear , and for other times to be asked . 
  for now , i only want to know this of you , o lord of pariahs : if a man , all alone in the woods , insults an orc , would you still kill him ? 
  we are sure that the dwemer hated all gods . 
  the chimer did not really have a reason to lie about this , as they themselves were pretty picky in their gods ( which was the whole point of their exodus ) . 
  if anything , they would create a stronger enemy image by calling them worshippers of the house of troubles . 
  and here , your theory falls apart . 
  the whole idea of numidium remaining as the last tower , and anchoring mundus , is irony . 
  the dwemer did not know respect and worship , and as such they did not know love . 
  without this force , they were unable to truly change the fundaments of reality , and as such could not escape , as they planed . 
  in the words of vivec ( and aleister crowley ) : reach heaven by violence . 
  violence is the working force of love , anon will . 
  without it , they could n't change anything . 
  if the dwemer were trinimac worshippers ( as you propose ) , everything we know about the dwemer would not work . 
  the numidium would not have the same mythic proportion it has now . 
  one would be free do do that , but that does not make it a just distinction . 
  numidium was the tower of the dwemer . 
  it was their manifest philosophy . 
  why would they build something they do not believe in ? 
  the first known date is 2500 me ( the merethic era counts backwards ) , and it is the date of the establishment of direnni tower ( ada-mantia ) . 
  we know that time became linear at that point . 
  ada-mantia was where the aedra were called together , lorkhan was punished , and auri-el started time . 
  before that was the dawn , which is uncountable , because there was no time . 
  also , it should be noted that talos and vehk were n't simply caught in the dragon break . 
  they were manipulating them . 
  they are only retroactive when there is some fuckery going on ( see : middle dawn ) . 
  it does n't matter if we know about it or not . 
  multiple things happened during those dragon breaks , which were n't retroactive ( also , i 'm not aware of anything retroactive during the rimmen dragon break ) . 
  the thing is , in one instance , the retroactive element was because the marukhati selective mantled the * entire * universe . 
  the dwemer would never do that , as it would bind them to the greatest illusion in their philosophy . 
  the other two retroactivities were due to chim , which the dwemer do n't know ( see the sermons ) . 
  other dragon break stuff was n't retroactive , like who got the numidium , when nerevar died or on which side house dagoth fought . 
  that might have something to do with it as well . 
  still , i doubt the dwemer would be interested in yet another god . 
  same goes with star wars, 
  are we talking about that silver one ? 
  so myrr is content with being done with finals , while i still have to start them ... gon na be a hella long weeks ...
