  well , if these theories are true . 
  at the moment it is just guesswork . 
  actually , the current dutch flag was only adopted officially in 1937 . 
  the use of orange in the flag was , however , already prohibited before napoleon 's invasion . 
  when the stadholder was cast out , the batavian republic prohibited the use , because of its connotation with the stadtholder family . 
  edit : the red-white-blue was older than the prohibition during the batavian republic , though . 
  the story of arkay gaining divinty through his deeds is most likely , like anon already described , to solve a theological problem , namely that arkay 's sphere only existed after creation . 
  it is most likely that arkay already existed as an et ` ada vefore creation . 
  he most likely took the sphere of mortality afterwards , just like his yokudan counterpart tuwhacca ( who was the god of ` no-one-really-cares ' before sep made his skin-ball ) . 
  i think it is safe to say that , if reman is truly a god , it was due to his merits . 
  i do have some problems with your judging of the greco-roman religion . 
  it is true that achilles and herakles had an apotheosis after their deaths , but they were both demi-gods ( achilles was the son of thetis , who was an important water godess before the olympian gods were instituted ( the illiad is from a very old tradition ) , and herakles is the son of zeus ) . 
  besides them being already partially divine , the greek perception of divine perfection is vastly different from our , abrahamitic , idea of it . 
  most greek myths ( including the tale of herakles ) startes becayse zeus was promiscuis , and hera jealous . 
  furthermore , hephaistos was a cripple , athena a feminist ( which in greek culture was worse than a murderer ) , and apollo androgynous . 
  their apotheosis was due to great deeds , but not because they became more perfect . 
  it was purely out of their merits . 
  athena has a grudge towards men , and one of the few gods that did not have a mortal lover . 
  feminist might be a wrong term , but she was definitly misanthropic . 
  a better example of godly imperfection ( which comes from a greek source ) is ares being called ` the least loved of all the gods ' by zeus in the illiad , because of his unguided bloodlust . 
  you 're right about athena ( my bad ) . 
  she did retain her virginity as a patron of female chastity . 
  artemis did as well , but she also had a dierce competition with her twin-brother apollo , which caused her to ask zeus to have her retain her virginity . 
  she does push aside all men , focussing on the hunt , something that a woman in classical greece did not take part in . 
  my point , however , still stands ; the olympian gods were not percieved as perfect , and all had ( human ! ), 
  flaws . 
  you 're right , dreadnautilus already corrected me on that ( see the other comment branch ), 
  my point was , that seeing the apotheosis of herakles/hercules or achilles as a fulfilment of an olympian perception of perfection is impossible , as even the olympians expressed imperfections . 
  ( like being a cripple , or a loose cannon ) . 
  edit : it seems i misunderstood your point in the post . 
  you did say that neither overcame their imperfections ... my attention span is a fucking mess right now . 
  they even reference music !, 
  gelebor is ancient , even for elven standards . 
  other extremely old elves ( like fyr ) are incredibly powerful mages . 
  i think it is safe to say that the current falmer are not from the same generation of gelebir and his brother ( who is a vampire , mind you ) . 
  from a biological point of view , these mutations take a very long time to show , more than just a few generations . 
  still , we know that the elder scrolls universe works vastly different from ours , so the use of magic ( or magic mushrooms ( hehe ) ) might speed up things . 
  my point still is , that this would definitly not be the same generation as gelebor . 
  auri-el is gone though . 
  but yes , there might be higher forces at play than just magic . 
  there was a reference somewhere that auri-el left mundus and ascended to aetherius . 
  i have to look up the source , but i 'm pretty sure about this one . 
  he used the tower to escape mortality and become a god , not necessairily mundus altogether ( he fired of lorkhan 's heart , remember ? ) . 
  his dissappearance was at a later , undisclosed time , which led some to believe it was during the middle dawn , because of the selective forcing him out . 
  uesp.net is bassicaly an elder scrolls wikipedia , and a standard research and encyclopedia around here ( the wikia is really bad , do n't use it ) . 
  when searching for sources , the uesp has a lot of in-game sources , but it is better to search for them on imperial-library . info . 
  they have the in-game sources , as well as most oog sources by past and present developers . 
  the other oog sources are either chatlogs , of which myrrlyn has a few on his reddit page ( / r/myrrlyn ) , texts that are still only on the official forums ( which is n't the best when it comes to archiving ) , or is just new and only on michael kirkbride 's own site ( c0da.es , which , again , does n't have the best site mapping for easy access purposes ), 
  as for things to read , that depends entirely on the subject you want to learn about . 
  the compilation ( linked in the sidebar ) has a function to search on subject , and has almost all user created explenations and apocrypha . 
  otherwise , you need to be a bit more specific . 
  if you want to read on the metaphysics , i would advise the 36 lessons of vivec , but those are really tough to understand . 
  if you want to read on anthropology , the first source you will find is the pge , but that is sometimes blatantly wrong ( neutral sources are hard to find in the tes universe ) . 
  in this case i would < self-advertising  advise my own ` on the species of tamriel ' series , eventhough i did overlook a lot of thi gs in hindsight < / self-advertising  . 
  anyway , these are all very broad sources , and when you want to explore specifics ( like the concept of possession in khajiiti culture , or the role of music in the aurbis ) you will need to look for different sources . 
  if you have accostumed yourself with the rules of the subreddit , and the faq , and you are unable to find an answer to your question , do n't hesitate to ask the subreddit !, 
  i thought that was where the nam ` prolix tower ' came from . 
  i need to look up sources . 
  it woukd depend the specific circumstances your dwemer is under . 
  if he needs something one of the parties has , he would join them . 
  if not , a dwemer would most likely stay at the side-lines . 
  the dwemer are a very inpartial people . 
  i think we can assume the aldmer would only be found on the summerset isles , for a while . 
  they have been known to be more cultured and civilised than the early races of men , for which they neede a way to centralise it . 
  we also know that at least the maormer , dwemer , and chimer all had their own exodus from aldmeri culture ( it could be a symbolic exodus , though , but that would n't explain the chimer finding the dwemer after their exodus ) . 
  still , a lot of this is circumstancial , or taking litteral what might 've been a metaphor . 
  the only philosophies i can think of that refuses the visible world , do still acknowledge a noumanal world ( or god as a source of truth ) . 
  the most famous would be plato 's worldview ( in which the visible world is n't exactly false , but a faint shadow of the ideaworld , which is the truth of this world ) and descartes ' worldview ( in which the res extensa is an illusion , and all true knowledge comes from the res cogitans . 
  descartes does n't give a good explanation as to how knowledge is rransmitted to the res extensa , but god and mathematics play an important role ) . 
  i do believe some forms of nihilism deny everything , but i ca n't think of an example . 
  were not sure the dwemer had their own exodus , but we do know that the dunmer found them already settled in dwemeris . 
  seeing that the otger elven races came from one central point ( or at least believe such ) , with references to an exodus , it is deduction that the dwemer had their own . 
  possibly . 
  there are very few sources from that period , or they refer to aldmeris ( like ` the father of the niben ' , if that can be considered a reliable source ) . 
  like i said , the dunmer exodus is the only one that has a source ( possibly the lessons , but i 'm not that sure of it ) . 
  on the other side , however , the wanderers did get their name for something , as opposed to the old ehlnofey . 
  alduin led power rise to his head . 
  this is possibly due to his imperium during the dragon cult period . 
  since he gave up his world-eating role , and was focussed on ruling , he became corrupted . 
  not exactly . 
  alduin names ( and possibly percieves ) himself as the ` firstborn ' of akatosh . 
  as all dragons are shards of aka , the time-oversoul , birth is a non-thing for them . 
  firstborn is more a metaphor for ` the first that took form ' . 
  still , he said this to give himself entitlement to rule over the other dragons and the races that bowed to him ( dragon cult ) . 
  alduin and akatosh ( and all other time-gods , for that matter ) are shards of aka , the oversoul that shattered at creation . 
  the biggest shards became formed by mythopoeia and sheer will , and took on the roles of the current time-gods . 
  normally , alduin would be the equal of akatosh ( mythopoeic forces aside , as akatosh has a much bigger worship base than alduin ) . 
  however , due to alduin stepping out of his world-eater role this kalpa made him a corrupted husk of his previous self , and thus much weaker than akatosh . 
  they might be the same being , but they are not the same sphere ( they are opposites , in fact ) . 
  besides , daedra are a bad example here , as the only real difference between cultural religion differences is their name and their element of sphere . 
  the aedra , on the other hand , are different entities in different cultures ( alduin is n't akatosh , and kyne is n't kynareth ) . 
  the only thing canon of a pc , is that he fulfikled the main quest of the vanilla version and the expansions . 
  by mantling , one loses his identity and form , and completely takes over the sphere and identity of the mantled . 
  the only exception would be when someone achieved chim , which means that he would be ego-tripping so hard that he does n't lose his identity ( like talos taking over lorkhan 's sphere of god of men ) . 
  talos is a conscious oversoul . 
  it was a merger of tiber septim , zurin arctus , and wulfharth . 
  how they did it , i do n't know , but tiber 's chim did play a role . 
  why it is n't mentioned in the games ? 
  it 's a very complicated story , and not all players would be interested in that . 
  this is an important discussion , and i patially agree and disagree with you .
