  anyway , because i 'm an idiot , i 've decided to pick up new series to watch during studying . 
  currently i 'm watching dragon ball , since studying is the only time when i actually have the patience to do anything . 
  now to more serious things . 
  as some of you might know , i 've spoken out against really tight moderating in the past . 
  i really like this sub , and the community , and i would hate to see that go to hell when we do n't get room to ` play ' once in while ( for lack of a better word ) . 
  the rp thread from earlier was a good example of this . 
  i do n't want this sub to be moderated like askhistorians or askscience . 
  i understand that their protocol is applicable to their subjects ( proper science ) , but it definitly is n't here . 
  i 'm not speaking out against how the moderation is done now . 
  there was a slip earlier this week , but moderators are still people and the situation has been ( to my knowledge ) resolved . 
  my main concern is that it is easier to tighten the moderation , then to lessen it . 
  on the other hand , i 'm glad with the way it was resolved . 
  the moderation team showed integrity , and the mistake was admitted . 
  a whole lot better done than at / r/technology recently . 
  edit : completely forgot to congratulate ifw again . 
  ebony , but close, 
  well , what would you have them change ? 
  simply saying `` scholarship is better than member count '' ( in itself true ) or bitching about it is n't really helping . 
  on there . 
  also , your journal will track dialogue subjects , so you can see what everyone has to say about it . 
  on of the pocket guides mentions the empire colonising one moon . 
  c0da takes place there . 
  the khajiit have reached secunda as well , but i do n't know the source . 
  if we take the start of linear time , skyrim would take place in 6950 ad, 
  gergorius flavi , son of marcus , head of the anthropological departement of the igs , and trusted friend of eis vuur warden . 
  some more character development : born and raised in the ic , gergorius , unlike his father , is more booksmart than experience smart . 
  he would not easily spend a year and a half with the skaal , for instance . 
  being practically raised by the igs on one side , and his father ( a stench reformer ) on the other side , he is still doubting between the official explenations of events , and what actually happened ( something he would not easily admit in a conversation ) . 
  unlike most imperials , flavi is not the smoothest of talkers , and can , at times , lose his attention span , acting in fits of rage and unpatience . 
  a interesting thing in the elder scrolls is that you should take all sources with a grain of salt . 
  consider who ( might have ) wrote them , and what their motives might have been . 
  in this case , the source you mentioned is refuted by other sources . 
  the words of clan mother ahnissi mentions creatures unable to take shape in what is now valenwood and elsweyr ( this is possibly during the dawn era ) . 
  azura changed some of them into khajiiy , and y' ffre took the others and made them bosmer . 
  the keyes novels mention more about argonian physiology . 
  argonians are born as simple tree lizards , but change when they drink from the hist sap . 
  ( eso explains argonians differently , but i have n't played it yet ) . 
  it is pretty well accepted that orc 's were originnaly aldmer that were changed when boethiah ate the god trinimac , turning him into malacath , and his followers into orcs . 
  even the game manuals name them as orsimer iirc . 
  ( i think the source of this theory is the sermons , but i 'm unsure ) . 
  the theories listed here are commonly accepted to be the right ones . 
  if they truly are is a different point . 
  these are pretty well defendable , though . 
  hmm , i do n't really know about books about the sload , but i guess looking at the sources on the sload page on uesp will yield something . 
  i know that all races of tamriel ( except for the hist , argonians , and maybe some lesser documented races ) have a common amcestor in the ehlnofey , but i 'm not sure if that applies to none-tamrielic races such as the sload . 
  the problem is , that we can not put magical advancement aside . 
  magicka is a core part of the world of the elder scrolls series . 
  it is something most people have access to ( personal or via service ) . 
  why would you develop lighters when you can flick forth a flame from your fingertips ? 
  why build combustion engines when you can use the power of the sun to move forwards ? 
  while magic is n't that readily available to most , it is that available to the upper classes , who drive these developments . 
  iirc , earlier traditions in egyptian art portrayed osiris with a green skin . 
  is this accurate , and , if so , when and why did this change ? 
  the wheel, 
  guess what a scroll looks like from the side ? 
  ( made this shit up on the fly ), 
  i would like to remember all present to keep their manners in check . 
  furthermore , esteemed sir enrikverson , will i vouch for our vampiric friend . 
  he and my family go a long way back , to the point of my father 's earliest travels to black marsh . 
  eis vuur warden is a respectable and knowledgable scholar , and i 'd advice you to treat him with the honour he deserves . 
  also , i do not take kindly to collegues ridiculising the grandest institute of scholarship on tamriel . 
  o honourable and exalted emperor , i thank you for bestowing the invitation on me . 
  while i am unfamiliar with most of those present , i doubt anyone here is unaware of my existence . 
  i am gergorius flavi , chief scholar of the anthropological department of the prestigious and grand imperial geographical society . 
  while i normally concern myself purely with the cultures of our beautiful continent , i have made an exception to come here and discuss this problem of mythic proportions . 
  i do not yet have a solution to the dragonborn problem . 
  it is clear , however , that alduin was not the god that the nords portray him as . 
  perhaps the ancient alessian order was right , seeing our great lord akatosh as the one and only god . 
  with alduin stripped of his position as god , what was it that the dragonborn killed ? 
  was it simply another dragon , or are the nordic gods so puny ? 
  i , as a representative of the igs , do not consider alduin as a seperate god , and i sincerely doubt the creature slain by the dragonborn to be this so-called ` god ' . 
  as said earlier , i do not know how to treat this person . 
  i do know that consideration should be taken when dealing with false gods . 
  * comes closer to ventus , his face in the same stern , unemotional expression *, 
  * [ whispers ] *, 
  if you , dog , or any of your little werewolf friends ever want to have a voice in any imperial or scholary discussion , i 'd advice you to change your tone . 
  we can break any public career you might be having or will be having , and no insult or threat from you or your ` breeder ' will change that . 
  the yokudan pantheon is a bitch to classify as such . 
  according to the sword-meetings , yokudans have a couple of thousand gods ( as opposed to the 9-and-some of the imperial cult ) . 
  to my knowledge , hoonding as a god falls outside of the normal diagram of this-god-as-this . 
  he does seem to behave a bit like shezzar in the other cultures of men . 
  it is a god which is mostly absent from services ( i 'd assume , never heard of active worship of the hoonding ) , but one that manifests itself in a mortal in times of need . 
  also , not all gods are subject to mythopoeia , but just the aedra . 
  some daedra take up different shapes to deal with other groups ( think mephala-as-sithis ) , but this is a concious decision . 
  i ca n't answer for op , but the godhead is from the 36 lessons of vivec . 
  the book is heavily filled with metaphysics ( the wheel , chim , the godhead ) , but very hard to discern . 
  also , the monomyth is interesting , and the annoted annuad details the events from the previous dream . 
  ok , a couple of corrections . 
  the universe is a dream in the head of the previous amaranth . 
  ( this is further not very important for the structure of the aurbis ) . 
  in this dream , two forces originated : anu , who is stasis , and padomay , who is change . 
  they classed , and due to this class , subgradients took shape . 
  the first subgradients were their souls , anui-el and sithis . 
  they are both encompassing the same as their supergradients , but they are unconcious , and nothing else than a ` hunger ' that drives them ( in this case , anui-el can be considered a full stomach , that gives a feeling of immovability , and sithis is the empty stomach , driving for change ) . 
  after this came the subgradient of the et ` ada , which later became the daedra , aedra , and magna-ge . 
  these are as much the children of anu as they are of padomay , and truly calling them padomaic or anuic is almost impossible ( do n't make the mistake of saying daedra are padomaic ) . 
  why lorkhan wanted to create mundus is debatable . 
  according to one version , lorkhan witnessed the grey maybe as a circle , but when he flew away , loose from the other et ` ada , he saw the grey maybe from its side , seeing the tower-is-i . 
  without going into too much detail ( as this is not something i 'm really knowledgeable about ) , lorkhan made an imperfect realm to create mortals ( during creation , most aedra were either killed , or forced to survive through reproduction ) , so that the could achieve royalty , and eventually dream their own dream . 
  men like him because he broke the endless stasis , and gave them live .
