  leave these lands now , or fight for it . '', 
  h\u00e9stram replied : `` if that is what you want . 
  meet me here tomorrow at dawn . 
  we will fight , and we will decide the fate of the reach for ever . 
  so it will be before by your old gods and kai , who will be my protector . '', 
  h\u00e9stram turned around and spend the night at her camp . 
  faolan remained at the ford , and continued his hunt . 
  when the dawn broke both were at the ford . 
  faolan was wearing his loincloth , and the head of a deer , which was radiating rage and bloodlust . 
  his skin was pale as if it had deceased . 
  his hands shot uncontrollable bursts of fire and frost and lightning , and the cuts on his body , some of which he received in his earlier days , looked fresh , without bleeding . 
  on his hips were two great scabbards , each holding a sword the size of a springling in the early summer . 
  on his back were nine times nine javelins , each one the size of a tower . 
  he held no shield nor armour , for his muscles had grown numb to pain . 
  h\u00e9stram wore her white-gold armour . 
  two dragons , springing from the ruby on her stomach circled her breasts , each shouting fire , coming together on the cim aed\u00e1ibh ba\u00edm , which was on her chest . 
  her legs were protected by shin guards which were as heavy as three mountains each , made of solid white-gold . 
  on her hip was a giant scabbard , which held her white-gold sword , as heavy as a hundred year old oak , with a giant ruby as pommel . 
  she had eight times eight javelins on her back , each the size of white-gold . 
  she held a shield , of solid white-gold , with a giant boss big enough to hold a prize boar . 
  on the shield were eight circles , each depicting a different item [ hourglass , wheel , anvil , triangle , chalice , star , flower , dove ] . 
  the shield was big enough to shelter eight times eight men on a stormy day . 
  h\u00e9stram was the first to speak : `` normally , it would be you who is to choose the first means of combat , but it seems neither of us cares much for custom anymore . 
  since i am the rightful owner of these lands , i say we will fight with magicka first '' . 
  so they did . 
  h\u00e9stram shot fire and frost and lightning at faolan , but the eagle dodged each shot . 
  he returned , and every spell broke off on her armour . 
  during the fight , julach descended , and made faolan 's magicka unstable . 
  his fireballs shot of target , and his lightning fried himself . 
  faolan lamented : `` why do you do this , julach ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  julach spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her magicka-feats . 
  she spoke again : `` let 's stop this battle of magic . 
  next , let us try our tactical skills '', 
  both stood on the opposite sides of the ford . 
  they each sought the best way to attack , be it to climb the trees , to cross the ford , or to attack by range . 
  both , at times , dashed in and lashed at each other . 
  h\u00e9stram 's armour caught each blow , just as faolan 's flesh did . 
  during the fight , shtaerr descended , and made faolan 's reasoning soft . 
  he misjudged his jump , slipped , and landed with his head on a rock in the stream . 
  blood and eight teeth dropped from the stag head . 
  faolan whispered : `` why do you do this , shtaerr ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  shtaerr spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her tactical fight . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of tact . 
  next , let us try our knowledge of our arms . '', 
  both took up their shields , bashing them with the strength of armies against each others . 
  sparks fell , lighting the forests around them , and making the water boil . 
  during the fight , zened descended and made faolan misjudge the quality of his shield . 
  he gave too much force , and his shield shattered against h\u00e9stram 's . 
  pieces of broken iron flew through the air , each red hot , and ripping faolan 's flesh . 
  he sank to his knees . 
  faolan murmured : `` why do you do this , zened ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  zened spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her shield-feat . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of armour . 
  let us try our javelin-feats now . '', 
  both took up their javelins , and threw them at each other with great force . 
  some hit , but most that missed flew across the edges of tamhr\u00e9al , so great was the force behind them . 
  during the fight , marr descended and gave faolan memory of his fallen children . 
  faolan became filled with sorrow , and his eyes teared up , so that he could not see his target or her javelins . 
  two javelins penetrated his chest , and he sank to his knees . 
  faolan cried : `` why do you do this , marr ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  marr spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her javelin-feats . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of javelins . 
  let us try our bow-feats . '', 
  both took up their bow and arrows , and continued to shoot at each other . 
  each shot was filled with the rage and strength of a thousand warriors , and the arrows that missed carved trees and mountains in half . 
  during the battle , debhallach descended and filled h\u00e9stram with female beauty . 
  faolan became captivated , and could not take his eye of the queen . 
  h\u00e9stram shot three arrows , dropping faolan to the ground . 
  faolan groaned : `` why do you do this , debhallach ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  debhallach spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her bow-feats . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of bows and arrows . 
  let us try our sky-feats . '', 
  both jumped up with enough force to shake the reach . 
  they leaped from each other 's blows and armour , and flew with the swiftness of the winds . 
  during the fight , cner\u00e9c descended and took the winds from faolan 's feet . 
  he plummeted to the ground below , and landed with enough force to break the mountain on which he landed . 
  faolan wheezed : `` why do you do this , cner\u00e9c ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  cner\u00e9c spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening and stopped her sky-feats . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of sky-feats . 
  let us try our swiftness-feats . '', 
  they took up their swords , and moved with the swiftness of time itself . 
  they exchanged thousand-and-eight blows in the blink of an eye , which to them seemed like the life-time of empires . 
  there swiftness caused the karth to relay its course , for the water in the ford was boiling until drought . 
  during the fight , kai descended and made faolan 's swiftness-feats slow . 
  before the eagle saw what was happening , the queen of the south had already plunched her sword into him a thousand fold . 
  he fell to his back . 
  faolan growled : `` why do you do this , kai ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '',
