  since i have n't looked a lot at ayleidoon , you probably know a lot more about the details . 
  still , a couple of my thoughts :, 
  - che is more than likely a collective suffix . 
  the name they use for themselves , for instance , is saliache ( although it only appears in the context of `` imperatum saliache '' in the adabal-a , and there might be some other syntactic rules going on there ) . 
  still , collectives are formed different per language , and some conjugated paradigms might be the cause of irregular plurals and collectives , like how `` people '' can function as the plural of `` person '' in english . 
  i could n't find enough on gender or cases in ayleidoon to speak about agreement , and might get back to this . 
  the past tense of joran ( to betray ) is listed as jorane , based on the line `` agea haelia ne jorane emero laloria '' ( terrible wisdom never betrayed the loremasters . ), 
  it is possible the agreement in the past tense is as complex as it is in the present tense . 
  regarding the plurals , it is possible that some forms might overlap . 
  compare the - i ending in latin , which appears in more than one case , number , and group . 
  maybe this is a bit of help , or maybe you can have some extra information regarding this comment . 
  i still have a book lying around about historical linguistics and reconstruction of languages , which i might get around to consulting ( or , rather , finally reading ) . 
  another important thing for vivec would be that his anticipation is mephala , who is the prince of sex . 
  by appearing semi-naked and somewhat erotic , he strengthens the sexual side of him . 
  you should be careful when trying to rhyme culture and language . 
  they are often closely linked , mostly in things like vocabulary , but not always . 
  things like grammatical constructs and morphological processes are n't directly linked to culture . 
  i think you reacted to the differences in forms for a collective ? 
  what i meant is that some languages have syntactic rules for that . 
  middle-welsh ( and i think modern welsh as well , but i do n't remember that from the course ) , for instance , has words whose root forms the collective ( plural , if you will ) , while the singular is a declined version . 
  the example i have here is `` adar '' ( birds ) , whose singular is ederyn ( - yn ending , which causes i-colouring in the rest of the word ) . 
  on top of that , welsh has about a dozen plural endings for words . 
  sometimes there can be an explanation given for the form used , but generally the rule is impossible to find , and where it is explainable , it is more likely a reason valid in an older form of the language . 
  but , then again , the scraps of ayleidoon that survived are all fancy incantations and the likes , so implication is probably still important here . 
  yeah it is welsh , but a bit broken from what i see ( and my welsh is n't really that great ) . 
  dydw can be used , but dw is more standard . 
  welsh has a lot of different plural forms ( i think maybe twenty different ways to form it ) . 
  most words have one or two possible plurals . 
  in this case , the last part of the word ( - wr ) comes from `` gwr '' ( pl . 
  gwyr ) , which nowadays means husband , but in older forms of welsh was simply man . 
  it is often used to make words describing a person ( like immigrant ) . 
  due to [ initial consonant mutation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/consonant_mutation#celtic_languages ) , '' - gwr '' becomes '' - wr '' . 
  to be fair , some languages have been reconstructed from a few dozen lines ( although some of them did have surviving relatives ) . 
  it is possible to reconstruct it , although it wo n't be very accurate or complete . 
  i do n't think you should worry about the register of the text . 
  generally , only high-register scraps survive , which not necessarily ( and sometimes clearly do n't ) reflect the spoken language . 
  if you 're not working on a one time spoken language , at least you 're working on a literary one . 
  [ took you a couple of hours ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3g8erg/if_all_video_games_had_major_cultreligious/ctvygua ), 
  most of the stuff i write i actually need to write . 
  9/10 times its rambling about some bizarrely specific grammatical thing , but sometimes it is a bit better to follow as it deals with literature and culture , [ like this thing i wrote about christianity in early medieval ireland ] ( https://drive.google.com/file/d/0b_mykrofw4hgmtv2rthysvhjr0u/view ) . 
  i probably should have taken a bit more time for that essay , and the word limit was a bit too low , but i still passed the class with a nice score , so there 's that . 
  go fuck yourself 3x, 
  since chim resolves around accepting that you are an illusion , yet you exist , i think the closest thing would be [ doublethink ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doublethink ) . 
  / u/isreactionarybot hollymarkie, 
   i promise to share the inevitable drama in the com threads when it arises . 
  i warned you . 
  to be fair , two friends of mine were housemates before they hooked up , and they have n't had a major fight in the last year , so that is fine ( although the guy did yell really loud that i should have sex with his girlfriend . 
  he was a bit drunk ) . 
  strangely enough that photo came out really well . 
  i was incredibly hungover and had n't slept in two days . 
  edit : you did n't even like it . 
  [ i was listening to a park ranger talking about a bee colony and why hugging trees is awesome , which it is ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vfi43jr.jpg ), 
  yeah , you got an adult look to you , but i do n't want to over-analyse it . 
  you 're welcome . 
  oh , this is exactly my turf . 
  i 'm a bit short on time , so i will probably edit this later on . 
  i will also mostly comment on the image of the celts , as they have been demonised and romanticised a lot since the roman era . 
  the celts were n't particularly shunned up until the anglo-saxons came to britain . 
  the romans saw them as barbarians , as they did with other groups , but the romans still suffered from a trauma during the gallic war due to the gauls sacking rome in c. 390 bc . 
  they expelled the celtic tribes from northern italy , but other than that , they did n't care that much . 
  in fact , the gauls were the first non-italic people to be allowed in the roman senate . 
  the english did demonise them , and early english filologists seemed to think that the celtic languages were primitive ( tolkien is a good example of that ) . 
  the celts were definitly war-like , and were known for ferocity ( albeit with absolute shit tactics ) by the romans and english . 
  they were excellent smiths ( and probably the ones who introduced swords to the romans , based on linguistic evidence , as well as chainmail ) . 
  still , roman writers seemed to think celtic weapons were pretty shit , probably due to the fact that celtic tribes ( and even scottish clans up untill the 17th century ) relied on head-long charges , to quickly overcome their enemy . 
  if that failed , they would scatter . 
  their weapons were n't fit for long battles , since their tactics were n't . 
  the celts were n't really driven from their homeland , except maybe britain ( but there are very few sources on how the english got england , and most are biased ) . 
  the romans did n't really bother displacing tribes , especially bot since the celtic tribes they conquered were already heavily romanised before the romans conquered them . 
  the rise of hallstatt cultures is not that clear , mostly because apart from conquest , cultures can also adopt customs from other cultures ( like how most areas were already roman before the romans even got there ) . 
  what is clear , however , is that the hallstatt culture was rather calm in comparison to the later la t\u00e8ne culture ( for how calm a culture ruled by a warrior elite can be , which was normal for indo-european cultures of the time ) . 
  the la t\u00e8ne culture , the proto-typical celts , were the ones that conquered ( or spread through ) europe from ireland to ankara . 
  this does hold true for most of the history of the various celtic peoples , especially early gaelic scotland . 
  tribes consisted of maybe two or three families hold up in ring - or hill forts . 
  later on , though , many tribes started getting more organised . 
  the southern gaulish tribes during the gaulish war , for instance , were already organised in a confederacy , which had its own senate . 
  in ireland and britain , the early medieval celts were actually much better organised and more united than the english ( often due to their hate towards them , though ) . 
  when looking at the orcs , there is a lot of uncertainty about how well they are organised . 
  the strongholds in skyrim seems to suggest a very decentralised form ( if there is one at all ) , but the fact bloodkin is recognised throughout the province seems to indicate there is some sense of unity . 
  also , the exact role of orsinium is pretty unclear . 
  the exact role of druids is unknown . 
  the image is heavily around a magic-using priest class , however . 
  to my knowledge , there are n't sources on female druids , and the druids were also not involved in the battlefield . 
  this is basically the form of druidism you 'll find in early medieval irish literature . 
  in reality , the druids were a class of priests and advisors , with an almost holy status for the celts ( and one that superseded tribe ) . 
  this was also the reason caesar immediately destroyed this class after his conquest , since it was a group the roman system would n't be able to control . 
  the orcs do seem to have problems with the use of magic ( or at least seem to prefer to not use it ) , while the druids are heavily associated with the use of magic , both in the pop-culture version of them , as well as in irish literature , where the association was so strong it was even called magic in the christian time . 
  this is right in the pop-culture way . 
  the celts did resist roman rule for not a particularly long while , but the gaul were one of the first people to be conquered when the roman empire started rapidly expanding around 100 bc . 
  in reality , most of them had already accepted roman custom and latin as a prestige language , but direct rule was a different story . 
  the orcs , however , were relatively quick in accepting imperial rule , since they saw it as a way to finally get recognition , something they did n't get from the high rock and hammerfell kingdoms . 
  i ca n't really comment on the mongolian thing , as that is n't my area of expertise . 
  regarding the breton thing :, 
  see my point about druids . 
  this is something that makes a lot of people studying celtic languages and culture very , very angry ( me included ) . 
  the standard idea about the celts is that they were vicious fighters , yet ireland has , by far , the largest pre-modern corpus of medical texts , seconded by wales . 
  both areas also had extensive corpora of law texts , and there are signs that the laws in ireland were practised in day-to-day life ( supervised by a class of lawyers and judges , which superseded local tribe/kingdom ties ) . 
  it is likely that the judge class was a result of the disolvement of the druids after the christening of ireland , with the judges taking up the role of advisor and , well , judge , the priests taking up the scholarly and medical roles , and the bards and * fili * taking up the role of lore keeping . 
  it does look more like feudal europe , yeah . 
  it should be noted , however , that ireland used a very confusing system of tribes falling under kingdoms , under bigger kingdoms , under provinces , under the high king ( which may or may not have existed ) .
