  to add to this , it is very important to note that the love he mustered for his forces is not a trivial side note , but that love is a driving force of chim . 
  there seems to be more to achieving chim than simple realisation . 
  one must create a critical existantial crisis in oneself . 
  we know that some gods were aware of the dream , but did not achieve chim . 
  at least daedric princes can change their appearance ( like boethiah changing gender ) . 
  i assume all daedta can , but they wo n't in any case , as their appearance is a reflection of their nature . 
  there is a strong distinction between daedra , though . 
  a frost atronach is vastly different from a mazken , or a dremora . 
  do you mean what would generally happen , or why bodies dissappear after sometime in the games ? 
  for the first : bodies get burried , to my knowledge ( exceot for most bosmer ) , but i 'm not very accostumed to the many burial rites . 
  for the second : that is a gameplay reason ; bodies despawn because most systems can not keep the many bodies present , especially not with an open world with random spawns , like the tes games . 
  these game limitations should in no way be considered established by lore . 
  we know that the white gold tower was called the temple of the ancestors , and that the statues of the ancestors were stored there . 
  we do not know what that name in the ayleid language was , or how the city as a whole was called . 
  elven languages tend to put tel in front of words ( like with the telvanni towers in morrowind ) . 
  so it would be tel aldmeris . 
  to be fair , there are no instances of the ayleid using the word tel , to my knowledge . 
  the loveletters are dated in the fifth era , and kinmune/queen ayrenn begins in the ninth era . 
  the loveletters show no progression , to my knowledge ( i admit , it has been some time since i last read it ) . 
  kinmune , on the other hand , seems to be depicting a sort of science-fiction scene . 
  now , it is important to note that there has been organised ` space ' exploration since the second era , and how long the dreamsleeve has been used as a sort of internet is unknown , so the exact state of magic/technology is mostly unknown . 
  it could be as advanced as the fourth era , or just slightly more . 
  maybe , it is unclear if the thalmor plan will sucede in doing more than destroting mundus . 
  also , the thalmor deem men unworthy of ascension , since they see them as allied to develish change ( lorkhan ) . 
  you did great work here , but we 've came to a conclusion about it ages ago . 
  good explenation of it , though . 
  however , you stated that daedra are less padomaic than aedra because they keep their form and personification , while aedra shift in form . 
  i would n't call that padomaic so much . 
  because of convention , aedra need the energy of mortals to survive , which causes them to be susceptible to the ideas of mortals . 
  also , some of the most padomaic spheres are taken care of by daedra ( like destruction ) . 
  the terms aedra and daedra are completely loose from anuic and padomaic . 
  most people have already talked about the workings of the stones , so i will stick to the morality issue : there is no inherently good or evil in the tes universe . 
  the closest thing there is of a moralistic worldview is the religion of the skaal , with the all-maker and the adversary . 
  most religions stick to the pro-us gods , and the not-pro-us gods . 
  the daedra did n't help the altmer , and the house of troubles has never helped the dunmer . 
  to summarise , there is no strong moral sense in the tes universe . 
  that has mostly to do with the wanderers dropping the name ehlnofey , while the ancestors of elves were called the old ehlnofey . 
  the split was after the ehlnofey war , which was about how creation should be viewed . 
  congratulations to warden !, 
  too bad we hit the 15000 mark this week , and not on tuesday ( so close ! ), 
  i 'm looking forward to the second anniversary . 
  i was n't around back when the first one was , so i 'm curious as to what the mods have in store . 
  maybe a small preview ... pretty please ... 
  the ehlnofey are hard to describe , mostly because their nature is hard for contemporary mortals to fully imagine , due to the fixing of time at convention . 
  the ehlnofey were degraded aedra , becoming mortal due to the damage recieved during creation . 
  because time initially did not flow regular , the ehlnofey appeared in all manners of forms ; as animals , humanoids , plants , mountains , and songs . 
  they were initially one group , but somewhere between creation and convention , the first splits became apparant , in the form of a war . 
  this ehlnofey war was about how to view creation , with the old ehlnofey seeing it as a curse , and the wanderers thinking of it as a blessing . 
  as we know , the wanderers became men , and the old ehlnofey elves . 
  both descend from one group , so that view is impossible . 
  to my knowledge , the ehlnofey were lesser aedra driven to mortality by creation . 
  [ ] ( / alert ), 
  interesting, 
  i got that , but since my guess is that this is after the unification of tamriel , i find it interesting . 
  they are fragments of creation . 
  they exist both inside and outside of creation . 
  we know that they hold all the knowledge , fixed if it already has happened , and unclear if it is still to happen . 
  with the music theme in mind , my guess it is some sort of sheet music of the aurbis . 
  with mundus being incredibly unstable and shifting , only that that has happened can be fixed in writing , with what is still to come being undocumentable . 
  true , the all-flags navy was before the unification . 
  my bad . 
  it looks very familiar . 
  it sort of reminds me of mayan glyphs ( i think , need to look it up again ) , but i 'm sure i 've seen it somewhere tes related . 
  it 's not that , though . 
  i remember this intertwined pattern ( something that the chinese seal lacked ) . 
  i remember looking at something like that to find a clue or meaning , to no succes . 
  this is absolutely brilliant !, 
  i started reading , and coukd not stop anymore . 
  i wish i had the attention span to write something like this . 
  less transcription errors in arena . 
  thanks , obaschick !, 
  more racial posts !, 
  it 's almost a wet dream for me, 
  this is the first anniversary i have seen of this subreddit , so i 'm still new to this . 
  during the summer , i looked around reddit , in the hopes of finding a subreddit i might find interesting . 
  after finding / r/elderscrolls , and then / r/skyrim and / r/morrowind , i soon came to the realisation that rule 34 does not only extend to porn , but also to subreddits . 
  i stumbled upon teslore , and was immidiatly hooked . 
  ever since oblivion ( which was my first tes game ) i had been obsessed with the backgrounds , and had scoured more than half of uesp . 
  thinking i knew everyhing there was , i wanted to join the discussions , soon realising that i knew absolutely nothing of chim , enantiomorphs , or mythopoeia . 
  instead of reading up , i was brash and started writing at a moments notice , starting the ` on the species of tamriel ' series . 
  in hindsight it was a wonder that i did n't fall flat on my face . 
  but the best and most surprising part was the response . 
  as soon as i started , i said to myself that i would finish the series , disregarding what everyone would think , but i onoy recieved appreciation and constructive criticism . 
  i felt myself at home . 
  after finishing it , followed by sporadic writing ( which i miss ) , i got the link to the memospore , where i felt at ease yet again . 
  these past few months went fast , but i felt , and still feel myself accepted in this wonderful comunnity . 
  and i want to thank you all for that . 
  thank you for your kind words , thank yoi for listening to me , and thank you all for putting up with my crazy-talk . 
  thank you for the past few months that i have been here . 
  when talking about aedra , there is an important concept to note , namely mythopoeia . 
  mythopoeia is the shaping power that worship has on a god . 
  to put it simple , worshipping a god as something makes him that something . 
  due to the fact that aedra are also split up and sundered , due to creation , many different forms of the same god can be created . 
  these are not merely a different face of the same being , but independent entities ( it can be argued that this is not the case , as they are still part of the same oversoul ) . 
  now , to tie this in with lorrkhan , shor , and shezzar : due to the various shards of lorkhan , he and the other two split . 
  lorkhan was killed at convention , shor and shezzar were not . 
  shezzar might have been alive in a different timeline , but due to the middle dawn , which had the marukhati selective forcefully merged one shezzar with an ( heavily altered ) version of auri-el , shezzar bassicaly got erased from time . 
  they are fragments of creation . 
  they exist both inside and outside of creation . 
  we know that they hold all the knowledge , fixed if it already has happened , and unclear if it is still to happen .
