  what was the weirdest thing you found between the scrap ? 
  and how much cent is that worth ? 
  i would look in the apocrypha if i were you . 
  or just look the article about the dwemer up on uesp, 
  for as far as i know , he is n't . 
  but i do n't see why the bosmer would n't venerate him ( i do n't know about any hatred towards daedra ) . 
  maybe something to look into . 
  mainly for comfort . 
  religion gives people a sense of history ( the creationist stories , detailing a time before history ( in a world without the means to study the true history ) , a sense of purpose ( in the form of rules to abide to ) , a sense of community ( let 's be honest : most cultures in the world have a strong link to their religion , and someone not adhering to it is sometimes regarded as a outcast ) , and , above all , the sense of somebody/something ( s ) watching out over us . 
  religion explains the things we do n't / did n't / can not know , which is comforting , because we are , as humans , afraid of the unknown . 
  not only the unknown , but also about what will become of us when we 're not there . 
  what is our purpose ? 
  where do we go when we die ? 
  am i doing the right thing ? 
  religion gives answers to it , even though the truth of these matters are dubious at best . 
  it is rumoured that the sithis the db venerates is actually mephala , disguising herself to deal with the dark brotherhood . 
  it might be that the webspinner has a better purpose for him, 
  sithis ca n't claim souls , as he is a concept , and not really a force in his own right . 
  i do n't know how the hist would be able to claim souls , as they are mortal as well , and are on nirn . 
  shor would n't claim a argonian soul , and still , if he wanted to , he had to give it to nocturnal . 
  really ? 
  i 'm not advocating ` conditioning ' ( for lack of a better word ) , but surely some objective education would n't harm . 
  when i was in school , there were multiple scenes i remember about lack of religious knowledge . 
  these were during history , dutch , art and ancient greek . 
  we spend way too long explaining the basics of christianity . 
  i 'm not saying people should be christian , but it is important to remember that the western culture is primarily based upon christianity . 
  not providing people with this knowledge would make it very difficult to understand cultural , historical and artistic themes . 
  the same goes for any other culture and their respective religions . 
  in short , i think not educating about religion might cause more harm than giving a objective view . 
  in my country they do . 
  we had a whole trimester about the middle-east in history class , and we spend about two months just about the islam . 
  same thing with ancient greek . 
  before translating the new testament , we spend a week or so about christian theology . 
  that is a very american viewpoint . 
  i 'm talking about major religions that had influence on the culture of that area , or in important and nearby area 's . 
  that would be roman/greek religion and christianity in europe , christianity and judaism in the us , islam in the middle-east , hinduism in india , etc. 
  not just all religions ( i agree : that would be a waste of time ), 
  so it is ok to make it basically impossible for your children to understand practically all literature , history and art between the fourth and the nineteenth century ? 
  or do you see all parents fit to explain sufficient amounts of theology to their children ? 
  hmm , this does seem worthy of mentioning . 
  will look into it tomorrow . 
  they are the ancestors of all the mortals on tamriel aside from the argonians . 
  i think i pulled them from either uesp , or from the sources i linked in the introduction . 
  in this case , 'm ' means ` child ' , so 'm ` aiq ' means ` son/child of aiq ' . 
  if you want to know more about the language of the khajiit , i advice you to look up the article on khajiit on uesp . 
  there is in any case a lot of trade overseas , as some cities ( the ic , anvil , solitude ) have big ports . 
  from what i understood , atmora froze over because the future-nords left . 
  i do n't think skyrim changed much in climate . 
  there had been some mentions of ` shouting ' , and the term dragonborn was already used , but the link as laid down in skyrim between the two is new . 
  i would n't count morrowind in , as it is pretty much destroyed . 
  furthermore , i do n't think the nords are stupid enough to attack the altmer , who have a much bigger army , even with the support of hammerfell or black marsh . 
  after vvardenfell was destroyed in the red year , the argonians invaded morrowind and captured it , basicly, 
  after the red year , means directly afterwards ( the exact time i do n't know , but it probably wo n't be more than 5 years ) . 
  and as far as i know , the only body of not dispersed dunmer is on solstheim , for what it 's worth . 
  do n't forget the insane difficulty . 
  most players ( espacially new ones ) do n't make it out of the starter dungeon . 
  this certainly looks like something for a series , and i like the style as a in-world report . 
  maybe you should mention that a jarl may take the high king position if he beats the ruling king in a fair duel , but only in a fair duel . 
  i thought it was pronounced as ` xylophone ', 
  spelling is always problamatic . 
  regarding the kingdoms : looking at historical examples , both tamrielic and irl , a lot of small kingdoms in a small area ca n't work out very well ( * cough * renaissance italy * cough * ), 
  yeah i saw that just before i went to bed ... damnit . 
  i 'll add that tomorrow , but in the meantime :, 
  kids , , racism is bad , mkay ? 
  you should n't discriminate , mkay ? 
  fuck it , i ca n't sleep anyway and have to get up in four hours . 
  in short , i 'll be doing the edits in about half an hour . 
  my boss will be so pleased with me tomorrow . 
  `` khajiit does not know why you angry ; khajiit do job , even if khajiit takes longer than normal . '', 
  edit : it really did take longer than normal, 
  from what i can tell , the dark brotherhood either does n't care , or tries to recruit them ( as what happens to the pc in daggerfall , oblivion and skyrim ) . 
  the only time the db would go out of its way , would be when there is a contract on the assassin in question . 
  the problem is that the thalmor had already steamrolled into cyrodiil . 
  the white-gold concordat was a surrender treaty by the empire , the only way for them to retain some form of independence and power . 
  not abiding to it would be a grave tactical mistake ( as it justifies further ad assaults ) , and just incredibly stupid . 
  sheogorath does mention him as a prince in si , stating that jyggalag is seen as even less popular at parties by the other princes . 
  ( given , sheogorath is pretty messed up , so the accuracy of this is dubious ), 
  if you have the words and general pronunciation , i could try typing a ipa guide for it . 
  i need some practise before i start my study next year :p, 
  if you have a source , that would be great, 
  that 's a source . 
  i 'll edit it immidiatly, 
  yeah , well i literally have nothing better to do ... so thanks , i geuss, 
  not necessarily a ` royal bloodline ' . 
  standard heritage matters could be ` resolved ' this way ( i.e. 
  man wants to get his great-uncles land . 
  the closed heir to the land is the great-uncles grandson ( let 's say 10 years old ) . 
  man kills boy , gets land as closest family still alive ), 
  i do n't know if it is impossible ( given , i do n't know an awful lot about theology ) , since i remember that lucifer was good at the start of some christian epics , like paradise lost ( not canon , i admit ) , and i thought it was mentioned somewhere in the bible as well ( calling him a fallen star ) . 
  i already did the orcs one , and the original planning was men races , but i already asked someone for stuff on hist , before realising i wanted to do men stuff , so i 'll do hist and argonians first, 
  i think christianity would probably have the same fate as judaism : no homeland , widespread persecution and the adherents spread throughout europe . 
  no , the imperial view is that all humans descend from the nedes , which is bullshit . 
  the imperials descend from nedes , who descend from the wanderers ( a group of ehlnofey who fell out with the other ehlnofey , who became mer ) . 
  bretons descend from nedic and aldmeri interbreeding . 
  redgaurds descend from wanderers who went to yokuda . 
  nords descend from wanderers who went to atmora . 
  still , there has probably been a lot of interbreeding between the races of men , seeing the strong connection between skyrim and cyrodiil , and the connection between all provinces during the empire . 
  well , all life originated on tamriel . 
  and i do n't think you should take the creation myths that litteral , it could be a metaphor for something , or just plain wrong, 
  true , but the nords themselves admit coming from atmora , so the whole kyne giving them life on the throat of the world thing ca n't be right .
