  a mixed pantheon is not impossible . 
  while in the games the reachmen are portrayed as breton , they are considered a seperate race in the lore . 
  where the bretons are a mix of elf and man , the reachmen are even more mixed . 
  besides genetics , the reachmen also have a different culture . 
  bretons are organised in many different king - and princedoms , and value the subtle arts above all , like writing , composing , and backstabbing . 
  the reachmen seem more ` primitive ' ( although this might just be the forsworn , who are romanticists ) . 
  apart from these traits , they also have distinct names for their divines ( as described in a bgsf post , of which i will look up the link ) , hinting at an own language . 
  it 's normally safe for short periods of time . 
  but yeah , it has been burned two or three times . 
  evil is non-existent in absolute form in the tes universe . 
  still , most mortals do think in a moralistic pardigm , and malacath falls on the `` evil '' side . 
  in our culture we see bal as a negative force , and most ( if not all ) tamrielic cultures oppose his ideals . 
  that does not make him evil in the eyes of the aurbis . 
  bal would protect the dictator , who would worship him to safeguard his position . 
  in the eyes of the dictator , molag bal is a ` good ' force . 
  no , alik ' r either refers to the giant dessert that makes up the heart of the province ( and is considered a different region or kingdom in the game daggerfall ) , or to the nomads living there . 
  this is actually one of the only useful bots on reddit . 
  stop it, 
  you are not mentioning mythopoeia now . 
  all pantheons are true , and all exist next to each other . 
  the aedra were shattered during creation . 
  because they were so weak , they had to resort to drawing their power from mythopoeic forces , the energy of worship . 
  this drawing of power caused them to shift towards the worshipped deity . 
  this caused all the different time-gods to exist . 
  there is one oversoul , but that is nothing more than a shell . 
  now on to hoonding . 
  the shezzar/shor = hoonding seeks a bit odd to me . 
  the redguards are strongly anuic , and hate creation ( as opposed to the other human races ) . 
  worshipping an aspect of the trickster god seems strange to me , even how small it may be . 
  in this regard , the trinimac idea might hold ground , even though i would prefer a magna-ge or lesser aedra ( not all cultures recognise all of the eight , so why would the imperials have all the aedra ? ), 
  i do n't have a source at hand right now , but i do have examples . 
  in the games , both alduin and akatosh are portrayed . 
  both appear and behave differently . 
  still , for a long time it was assumed that they were the same being , but just under a different name . 
  we can safely assume that alduin and akatosh are not the same being ( also due to alduin 's banishment that would make him unable to appear during the events of oblivion ) . 
  so , at least the aka spirits behave differently from each other , and the myths and roles surrounding the other aedra seems to differ as well . 
  now , daedra do n't seem to show this diversion , and always appear like themselves . 
  the explanation is mythopoeia . 
  when the aedra were damaged by creation , they needed a new energy source , since they could n't fully function on their own . 
  they took that from the worship of their followers , and were shifted into certain roles due to this worship . 
  this also explains why gods like talos and akatosh ( two of the most worshipped gods ) are more present than aedra like phynaster . 
  still , i 'm sure there are sources on this . 
  arkay is . 
  some say he was an ascended mortal , due to his sphere being tied to creation . 
  it is the most likely that he only got his sphere after creation , but that he did ecist beforehand ( like tuwhacca in the yokudan pantheon ) . 
  orsinium is a city , and is currently ( as of skyrim ) positioned somewhere around the hammerfell-skyrim border , in hammerfell , up in the mountains . 
  the most well known incarnation of the city would have been the one as featured in daggerfall , which was in the wrothgarian mountains in high rock . 
  orsinium is not a province . 
  under gortwog gro-nagorm , who was the king during the events of daggerfall , orsinium was able to stand fully on its own , and was able to fight of forces of other city-states and kingdoms within high rock and hammerfell . 
  while its relation was poor with the other states ( gortwog was an excellent diplomat , but non of the kingdoms and city-states in that area like each other ) , orsinium did have good diplomatic ties with the imperial city and the elder council . 
  there were discussions for an autonomous orsinium ( loose from high rock , within the empire ) . 
  these ties were further strengthened when orsinium was one of the four states to be left after the warp , instead of dozens before . 
  the oblivion crisis spoiled this , though , as it gave the other states a chance to raze the city again . 
  there are some theories as to how the city is run , and how their culture is different from that of the many orcish tribes . 
  i am not really knowledgeable about those , though , so you might have to wait around for / u/myrrlyn , who knows a ton more than most about the matter . 
   nerevar was ** penetrated ** from a woman 's point of view . 
  ftfy, 
  i think it is mentioned somewhere ( pge ? ), 
  that the yoku empire was about twice the size of the septim empire . 
  still , i 'd imagine yokuda to be emptier then tamriel . 
  i do n't think so , but i ca n't say with certainty . 
  i do know that any mentioning of the lhe is pretty scarce , so i doubt it was them . 
  indeed . 
  this was also what caused the quick collapse at the end of the third era , and start of the fourth . 
  with other factions starting to gain regional dominance , the imperial tradesmen lacked the political support they needed for their bussiness , finding themselves unable and unsure of what to do next . 
  this was one of the main problems that caused the imperial decline . 
  that is the pro of being the biggest and sometimes only political might in an area . 
  with those grouos being from tamriel , the local representatives of the empire would favour them . 
  the empires were more the empire of cyrodiil and surrounding than of tamriel as a whole . 
  funny thing you mention the types of goods . 
  i did my finishing paper for high school this year about the trade of the dutch republic during its time as a hegemonial state ( which gave me the idea for this ) . 
  while i hate to use real world logic , i do feel that i can safely apply it here . 
  dutch trade at the time was focussed on two types : spices and luxury goods from the east ( most notably modern day indonesia ) , and grain , wood , and steel from the east sea . 
  while the wares from the east were unique in nature , the simple ( `` stackgoods '' ) were what gave the most money . 
  so , like you said , it is not about the uniqueness of wares . 
  it is about the size of the trade , and the ability to manage something of that scale . 
  the imperials ( just like real world hegemonial states ) were able to amptly organise world wide ( or at least continent wide ) regulated trade , and make a huge profit of it . 
  other towers are, 
  * orichalc tower, 
  * snow throat ( throat of the world ), 
  * green-sap, 
  * red mountain, 
  the khajiit might have/be another tower . 
  ada-mantia was a vessel of aka crashing into mundus to hold convention . 
  red mountain was the crater left by lorkhan 's heart landing there . 
  that is why they are called the divine towers . 
  furthermore , numidium was builed by the dwemer ( possibly ) as a means to escape reality . 
  the dwemer saw existence and reality as an imprisonment , and with numidium they tried to escape , becoming `` plane ( t ) s orbiting the brass giant , singing world-refusals '' . 
  ironically enough , the numidium ( or a numidium ) was one of the last things to hold mundus together . 
  what the purpose of the other towers is , i do n't know . 
  i know that white-gold had a function as a temple for ancestor worship by the ayleids , but i do n't know if that function was directly tied to its function as a tower . 
  orichalc is simply a material . 
  you must be confusing orichalc tower with the story of diagna ( aspect of hoonding , now a permanent god ) giving orichalc to the yokudans to fight the left-handed elves . 
  also , its stone is supposed to be a `` a sword '' . 
  orichalc might have been a sword , or something else entirely . 
  there is next to nothing known about it , only that it was on yokuda and that it most likely went under with the rest of the continent . 
  i think there might be a slight miscomunication about know-how vs. muscle . 
  the imperials were able to quickly organise large scale trade , but with the imperial collapse , they lacked the political means to keep their monopolies . 
  imperials are bussiness savvy , but you need more than just that for the economy of an entire nation . 
  the imperials were able to keep their trade largescale , combatting low relative profit with high absolute profit .
