  i love the tone as well , and the backgrounds given are amazing . 
  and lorkhan always loses . 
  mostly , yeah . 
  paying attention to the quests and events also helps ( rumours somewhat , although those can be misleading ) . 
  in addition , some texts were only published on the fora . 
  those can be found on the imperial library . 
  til also has all the in-game books transcribed ( which uesp has as well ) . 
  i would use a schwa in the last syllable , and maybe a normal a in the first , but that might be a dialect preference . 
  a as in cat , e as in bed . 
  yes , there is a difference between the two vowels . 
  edit : cat with an australian accent , bed with an american . 
  firstly , congrats to ordocorvus !, 
  i still have n't gotten back to writing , which i really miss . 
  i simply did n't have the time in the last few weeks . 
  anyway , good week to all of you !, 
   what 's the coolest natural phenomena you 've ever seen ? 
  i 'm dutch . 
  every natural phenomena here has been beaten , abused , and threatend into rules that we set out . 
  except for the north sea , fuck the north sea . 
  in all seriousness , i have one memory of a pretty cool thing . 
  so i have to travel really early with train . 
  at 7:30 i 'm already in it . 
  last week was a pretty wet and cold week , and when the train was driving through some dutch farmlands , you could see all the dew rising up from the fields . 
  funny thing was , this did n't happen to the same extend with the little channels between two fields , so you kinda got these blocks of mist , neatly squares , and not moving over roads or streams . 
  we do n't really have seasons of darkness , that is norway ( the worst here is that the sun rises at 9 am and sets at 5 pm ) . 
  ca n't tell you of the suicides . 
  and yes , we 're tall . 
  i 'm average/short with 1.81 m. 
   afterthought : in case anyone was wondering , yes , there were small children with us at the time . 
  and this , children , is how natural selection works . 
  and why finns like drinking and shooting at each other so much . 
  i live in probably one of the most diverse neighbourhoods in my country . 
  dutch , moroccan , turkish , surinamese , antillian , capeverdian , you name it , all packed together in an area of maybe a couple thousand people . 
  you get around to it . 
  a lot of the times , stereotypes are less true than you 'd think at first , and people are normally pretty nice when you 're nice . 
  not to say there are n't problems in the neighbourhood , just that they are n't always caused by the ` minorities ' , and most of those groups also despise it . 
  then again , now that i spend most of my time in a different city , i notice that it is very much the dynamics of that specific neighbourhood . 
  basically , if you do n't act like a bigoted ass , you 'll probably live . 
  report it instead . 
  downvotes just show that some people disapprove , but i guess this is a troll account , which is against rules . 
  sing , o gods , of the wrath of talos , son of the dwemer , which has cast many a great elf into the depths of aetherius , but left their bodies for the guars , all cliffracers , and auri-el 's will , ever since the conflict between the protector of stasis , the sons of alinor , and king talos . 
  i do n't want that explained for different reasons . 
  i still want to sleep at night . 
  like others have said before , scavenging is a huge cause in this . 
  why chisel out a new brick when that abandoned thing a few blocks down has some left ? 
  also , in both cases , topside structures still remain . 
  some dwemer towers and ayleid fundaments are still visible above ground . 
  it is likely that these structures were either scavenged or collapses on their own buried beneath layers of sediment and carried away by the elements . 
  i do n't think so . 
  having an armoured , 2 meter tall , muscled person yell at you at the top of their lungs is probably intimidating enough as it is . 
  bos is also the name for forest in dutch . 
  dun probably comes from german `` dunkel '' ( dark ) . 
  generally , the eras were decided at their start , so camoran proclaimed the first era in 1e 1/whatever the last year of the merethic was . 
  this does n't count for the dawn-merethic split , but since linear time started then , i guess even the people noticed a strong split from the dawn era . 
  i do n't know what they called it themselves , seeing that it is probably a neologism . 
  the fourth was declared at the death of martin septim . 
  he says so in the final cutscene although it is possible that is as a result of what the council does . 
  i ca n't recall if ocato makes a reference to it after the main quest . 
  what ? 
  i guess alt is derived from altus , which would fit better , assuming bos and dun are derived from dutch and german , respectively ( having litteral translations from the original language ) . 
  also , ald is already there , coming from old english , meaning old . 
  they are not slaves , they are merely our brothers who have yet to see the light . 
  firstly , it is important to remember that everyone is an individual . 
  just because the thalmor do have support in alinor , does not mean that they are universally accepted there . 
  during the last days of the septim 's , for instance , there was a group called the beautiful , who wanted more contact with the rest of tamriel . 
  there are multiple reasons why a high elf does not like the thalmor . 
  maybe they disagree with their ideas of altmeri supremacy , or they dislike them due to being exclusively upper-class altmer . 
  or they simply hate them for starting a gigantic war . 
  well , the most famous one would probably [ the cells of the irish republican army ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_organisations_known_as_the_irish_republican_army ) . 
  some of them are n't really terrorists , but some branches have been involved in bombings and political murder . 
  they are officially under cease-fire now . 
  there is also the [ eta ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eta ) in the basque country . 
  they are also involved in car bombings and political murder . 
  currently , they are talking about a permanent cease-fire . 
  on corsica , france , there is the [ national liberation front of corsica ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_liberation_front_of_corsica ) , which is also involved in bombings . 
  historically , there was also the [ rote armee fraktion ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/red_army_faction ) in germany , involved in political murder . 
  then , you have the lone-wolves , like the [ unabomber ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ted_kaczynski ) and [ anders breivik ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_behring_breivik ) . 
  some of these are not really threats anymore , and the listed organisations mostly stay to their respective areas ( all except the raf are nationalist movements , after all ) , but there are definitely non-muslim terrorists . 
  apart from the fact that mk already said that you were onto something , i 'd like to add that those kinds of lists are also common in some epics ( this kind of reminds me of the t\u00e1in ) . 
  i 'm fairly sure bith read a couple of those epics ( although i do n't know if joyce actually read the t\u00e1in , as the first literary translation was only published in the ' 70ties , but he does list a few irish heroes at the start ) . 
  morality in tes is a lot more complicated than in ac . 
  it is safe to say that most groups think they fight for freedom and justice . 
  the dominion thinks so , at least , but so do the beautiful and the mythic dawn , for instance . 
  the thing is , there is n't really anything that says what is and is not good . 
  most religions focus on the difference between stasis ( anuic ) and change ( padomaic ) . 
  they put the nomer `` good '' on what they like themselves ( nords name padomaic forces `` good '' ( shor ) , while the altmer focus on the anuic ( auri-el ) ) . 
  what is good and bad behavior , though , is often left unspecified . 
  and then , when you go even deeper into metaphysics , you 'll get to things like amaranth , which no faction seems to be actively striving towards . 
  in the game morrowind , armour had its own enchantment rating , which decided how strong of an enchantment a piece of armour could hold . 
  the normal material armour with the highest rating was ebony . 
  now , this is gameplay , and might be nothing more than a mechanic to make different sets of armour interesting for an enchantment-focussed player , but there might be some truth to it . 
  maybe ebony is one of the few materials potent enough to hold a daedric soul in it . 
  on the other hand , there is also the matter of rarity . 
  you 'll have to go through a lot to get your hands on a daedric heart , and when you finally get that , you are not going to waste that on a piece of leather armour you just made from the skin of a deer which you burned or cut open . 
  no , you are going to use it on the hardest and most reliable material you can get to make the investment worthwhile , i.e. 
  otherwise you would just be throwing a perfectly good daedra heart away on a piece of armour that would break pretty quick , and which you 'll toss away without a second thought the moment you get a superior piece . 
   mages, 
  [ cough ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/morrowind:divayth_fyr ), 
  as for the thieves , they do have the problem of practicallity . 
  ebony offers superior protection , but it is very heavy , and the plates make a lot of noise when moved .
