  the remark was n't that strange ( we normally have enough of those things for a week downstairs , especially in the summer ) , but the tone was pretty surprising . 
   woman : how do you know if you 've been standing here all the time ?!, 
   me : right , ma'am . 
  i 'll be back in a minute . 
  i ran down and checked the storeroom again ( i do so every time i start this shift , and when people ask kindly , i do n't want to look rude and simply say no ) . 
  sure enough , no mangos . 
  i walk back upstairs and inform the woman . 
   me : i 'm sorry , i checked the storeroom , and we do n't have any mangos . 
   woman : this is unacceptable !, 
  you need to solve this now !, 
   me : i 'm sorry , ma'am . 
  i ca n't get you mangos right now . 
  there is a greengrocer not to far fr ... 
   woman : i want to speak to your chef now !!!, 
  since i started grinding my teeth at this point and my hands were already trembling , i decided it was best to just have my chef solve this ( this already costed me about 15 minutes , and i had to finish the shift ) . 
  i walk up to my chef . 
   me : hey , i have a customer who 's pretty mad and asks for you . 
  care to come ? 
   chef : what 's it about ? 
  i give him a basic run-down of what happened . 
  he lets out a deep sigh , and with lead in his shoes walks up to the woman . 
   chef : good afternoon . 
  i heard there was a problem . 
   woman : yes !, 
  this [ insert probably portuguese pejorative ] did n't want to help me !, 
   chef : well , what did he tell you ? 
   woman : he said there were no mangos and he refused to solve it !, 
   chef : ah , i see . 
  we have some distributor problems at the moment , but those should be resolved fair ... 
  at this point the woman starts ranting in portuguese , which neither me or my chef speaks . 
  all i caught from it was the name of the company , pigs , mothers , and god . 
  how these relate to each other , i do n't know . 
  after about ten minutes , the chef , the manager ( who heard the ruckus from the office upstairs ) , and a regular costumer managed to calm the woman enough to stop . 
  the manager grabs the woman by her shoulders and says :, 
   manager : i would like you to leave the building immediately , or i will call the police . 
  you are assaulting an employee . 
  again ranting in portuguese , and two co-workers `` kindly '' escort her out of the shop . 
  my manager turns to me and my chef . 
   manager : chef , please help hollymarkie with the rest of his shift . 
  holly , i 'll make sure you get the extra time on your pay check . 
  tl ; dr : costumer assumed i had something to do with a distribution problem , and called me names in portuguese before getting thrown out of the store . 
  while not a ` tribe ' in the traditional sense of the word , the direnni clan is certainly a group which did not receive much scholarly attention . 
  this elven group has been influential in high rock and tamrielic history , and still continues to hold a presence in the higher echelons of tamrielic science and politics . 
  the origin of the direnni is not universally agreed upon . 
  while the direnni have extensively kept record of their history , many modern historians doubt the accuracy of these . 
  furthermore , very few sources have been given off by the vast archives of alinor , which are still almost inaccessible for the imperial scholar . 
  the direnni themselves hold that their lineage originated from altmer merchants which settled the island of balfiera in the early first era . 
  the chief archivist of clan direnni , vorian direnni , wrote in * de origine dirennis * ( belfiera university press , 3e 430 ) that the direnni clan originated from a family of farmers in the summerset isles . 
  he holds that their name derives from the diren river ( nowadays known as the caomus ) . 
  due to the increased stratification of the altmeri society , the dirennis switched from farming to mercantile , and started sailing the seas of tamriel . 
  in those days , the altmer still held a sizable colony on the coasts of high rock and hammerfell . 
  the direnni quickly managed to barter and trade their way into the hegemony of these colonies , and eventually they found themselves as lords of the island of balfiera . 
  many modern historians dispute this claims , namely due to the lack of archaeological remains found neat the caomus river . 
  according to the breton scholar georges devareau , in his work * the role of the direnni clan in the history of high rock * ( royal igs press , 4e 137 ) , the direnni originated not as farmers , but as a junior branch of the altmer royal family of alinor . 
  in the merethic , many of the nobles fled due to civil unrest following the construction of the crystal tower , which led to social stratification of the area . 
  the direnni were one of those families , which fled to the island of balfiera . 
  being cut off from the treasury of alinor , as well as any military or political support , the direnni were forced into a position of merchants , to gain the wealth that they once had . 
  what followed is agreed upon by scholars , mainly because of the sheer amount of mentioning of the family . 
  the direnni quickly became the ruling faction in much of high rock . 
  due to a monopoly on alchemic potions and poisons , they had steady and sizable income . 
  this led to stratification and a division of roles within the family . 
  the direnni were not only merchants , but also generals , mages , politicians , scholars and many more of the educated professions . 
  the tight cooperation of the family meant that they would hold on to their hegemony for a long time . 
  the political side of the direnni was one of the strongest on tamriel , and this is why they survived for so long . 
  during the first era , the direnni were mainly neutral in the major events of tamriel , and only showed their military side when they were assaulted by both the alessian as the nordic empire . 
  this attack saw the end of most of the elves in high rock , although the core of the hegemony would survive . 
  when the alessian empire grew , the direnni became troubled . 
  the alessian order was now the mightiest faction within the empire , and was threatening to the direnni . 
  during this time , the direnni united many factions within tamriel ( including colovia and skyrim ) in order to quell the empire and the order . 
  they were successful , but the war had took its toll , and the direnni were left with the isle of balfiera , the only bastion of elven rule left in high rock . 
  when the second empire advanced , the direnni were some of the first to accept reman as their emperor . 
  this again happened with the septims centuries later . 
  when the warp of the west happened , the kingdom of balfiera was incorporated into the kingdom of daggerfall , while still retaining some autonomy . 
  direnni culture is based around layers of family , and the loyalty one is expected to give to it . 
  the inner layer consist of the direct family ( parents , siblings , children ) , followed by the second layer which also includes grandparents , grandchildren , aunts , uncles , cousins , nieces , and nephews . 
  the layers continue until the entire clan is included . 
  every direnni is expected to help any other , but in how much is dependant on the layer the other is in . 
  where siblings would give their lives for each other , the great-great-uncle would only occasionally babysit his distant nephew , against a fair price . 
  this system of loyalty makes the clan a very tight and well organised group , and leaving the clan is virtually impossible . 
  the direnni are still politically active , and an important part of their education is how to talk , as well as history and languages . 
  this makes a direnni a welcome sight in most courts , as well as a good advisor . 
  while in modern times the clan covers all professions , magic and mercantile are still kept in the highest regards , and the patriarch or matriarch of the family will be specialised in one of these . 
  indeed , magic has an important role in direnni history , as the founder of the clan , asliel direnni , is credited with standardising alchemy , as well as being accepted in the ranks of the psijics . 
  the direnni are not overly religious . 
  they still preserve altmer religion , but they do not see it as a defining feature of the clan . 
  this means that many direnni in more modern times have switched to the imperial cult , which is prevalent in high rock . 
  apart from the altmeri or imperial cults , direnni of the past have exercised forms of ancestor worship . 
  while these practises have disappeared in modern times , direnni still have much respect for their progenitors , although it is now more akin to a historical interest than anything . 
  probably the most striking feature of direnni culture , and one that has survived the ages , is the coming of age ritual . 
  when a youngster is deemed old and responsible enough , he is brought to the ` stone ' of direnni tower . 
  while no scholar has ever been granted access to the actual room , it is clear that it contains very potent magicka . 
  many of the direnni claim to have been overcome by strange sensations of timelessness or spacelessness . 
  when pressed further , none of them were able to closer describe the experience or the content of the room . 
  the direnni clan certainly was one of the most important cultures in tamrielic history , being a major player on the political stage . 
  while now just a shade of their former self , this family still holds much power within the illiac bay region , as well as the rest of the continent . 
  * tell me , o dibella , of the many turns of the ancient traveller , who scoured the lands and mountains of the heavenly edge , and who escaped many a great threat with his armour and flesh unscathed , by the blessing of the god of the circle of life , who brought him back many a time , and of how he fell on the faithful day by the hands of his enemies , and how he returned as not-himself . 
  on the faithful day , the traveller , wearied from the hunting his target , made way to an inn , not too far from the city of whiterun . 
  when he entered , the guests all gasped at him . 
  his flesh was cut and his armour dented . 
  when he was put down on a bench , and the priest called for , the owner sat down next to him .
