  it seems to hint at a complicated process of redirecting aetherial energy , and a lot of prayer ( possibly using mythopoeic forces ) . 
  ebonarm is a god of war . 
  according to legend , his sword is fused with his arm , due to war scars . 
  he does not seem to be a yoku god ( both in name and source ) , so he might be unique to hammerfell , or purely the alik ` r. 
  iirc , he is also an enemy of the daedra . 
  if he is the ebony warrior ? 
  who knows . 
  redguards are n't unfamilliar with maniphestations of gods , with the hoonding popping up now and again . 
  the void ( capital v ) is the emptiness outside of the aurbis . 
  it is the ring after aetherius . 
  thr void ( lower-case v ) is all the space in between the bodies of mundus . 
  lower-case void is oblivion . 
  i 'm not sure if the daedric realms are in this part of oblivion , or outside of mundus . 
  also , regarding pelinal : he is not only made for a certain purpose , but he is also unable to abstain from his path , being forced to do something in a fixed patern ( which might havr something to do with his insanity ) . 
  also , it is illustrated in morrowind that enchantments can fail . 
  seeing that most people would n't even try fighting your average giant rat , soul gems are quite the investment , and with a big chance of failing such an act , it is better to pay a bit more and have the local guild enchanter fix it for you . 
  i really like this . 
  the kothringi have n't gotten the attention they deserve . 
  i do want to nitpick ( or suggest , more ) a bit on the language part . 
  seeing that it is most likely that kothringi are also descendants of the nedes , would n't it be possible that this broken tamrielic is in fact their own language . 
  it is possible that there is a nedic proto-family . 
  most ancient languages are hard to grammatically distinguish from creole languages . 
  they both lack most complicated grammatical structures , as multiple tenses , due to being not necessary in a day to day situation . 
  other than that , great work !, 
  the perspective is mostly my own ( so outsider ) . 
  there is a bit of love for the imperials , of course . 
  there used to be hate against non-believers , mostly from the alessian order in the first era . 
  the law of the empire does not make a distinction between religions , but in oblivion it was made clear that people wanted to have as little to do with daedric cults as possible ( this might have to be purely with daedric cults , though , and not necessarily with other forms of religion ) . 
  and thanks !, 
  you just had to mention them , did n't you :p, 
  but yes . 
  imperials do not necessarily despise orcs ( or do n't say so out loud ) , unlike bretons , nords , or redguards . 
  also , imperial institutions ( like the fighters and mages guild , igs , legion , etc. ), 
  do n't discriminate , and allow orcs as full members . 
  this creates goodwill , and causes a decline in racism towards orcs . 
  tamriel is incredibly racist , cyrodiil included . 
  however , this racism does not seem to cause discrimination . 
  an orc or khajiit will be served just the same in a shop as an imperial or breton would . 
  also , all official organisations make no distinction in race , as an orc is just as much accepted in the legion or the fighters guild as any other . 
  an important detail here , is that , while the imperials were never officially discrimatory , high rock was . 
  aftrr the war , imperial influence strengthened severely in high rock ( the agent was sent also to diminish local aristocratic rule ) . 
  with the princedoms now also de facto adhering to imperial law , giving orcs more breathing space . 
  another thing to note : cultural racism is almost completely loose from social racism . 
  as i mentioned in the previous installment of the series , i got this idea from a thing i wrote about the dutch republic during its time as a hegemonial force ( late 16th - early 17th century ) . 
  under dutch law at the time , everyone was entitled to their own religion . 
  public practice , however , was confined . 
  due to the political situation at the time ( the protestant provinces were fighting a war of independence with catholic spain ) , catholicism was convined to underground churches , while it was allowed to build public synagogues by jews ( unheard of in europe at the time ) . 
  in reality , most people would be ok with dealing with catholics , but jews were troublesome . 
  while real world situations are normally completely detached from elder scrolls situations , i try to use this example to illustrate a difference in law and social situation . 
  shopkeepers wo n't shun an orc . 
  not because they do n't want to appear a bigot , but because they accept the orc 's septims . 
  people in cyrodiil still are racist , but their empire is n't , and they can profit from this tolerance . 
  ( this might seem disattached from your comment , but i did n't have a clue where to join in on this discussion ), 
  first , let 's make a distinction in meanings : the thalmor 's plan and the organisation . 
  their plan ( erasing mundus ) can not be stopped . 
  it is the natural circle of existence . 
  you could try postponing it , but the thalmor are only stimulants for it , not instigators . 
  the organisation wo n't be stopped at the time . 
  the empire is crippled and in a headlock by the ad , morrowind is in no state to oppose the them , and the same applies to hammerfell . 
  the host might be able , but there is no telling what they can do , what they want , if they will , etc. 
  and yes , there are a lot of altmer unhappy with the thalmor . 
  altmeri culture is very stratisfied , so a lot of people wo n't have any clue about what the thalmor are doing , or are unable to speak out . 
  there is , however , a big young generation that want peaceful coexistence , and like the openess and individuality of imperial culture . 
  the thalmor are most likely the same people who fought tiber septim , so they still see imperial influence as foreign and hostile . 
  the younger generations are n't in the ranks to actually change anything . 
  not that they would be a threat for the thalmor . 
  aedra and daedra would remain , but apart from that , it 's hard to tell . 
  a kalpa begins at convention , when lorkhan was killed and time began linear . 
  so tamriel might exist in its current shape ( if shapes were fixed before convention , which is dubious ) , and the the old ehlnofey and wanderers might exist ( their dividing war was already going on before convention ) , but normally everything would be different . 
  in a previous kalpa , dreughs ruled tamriel . 
  now talos and vivec are different . 
  we know from the sermons that vivec was able to put his birth in a previous kalpa ( becoming both the oldest and the youngest of the tribunal ) . 
  since tiber septim had also achieved chim , and being the main component of talos , he might survive as a god ( and his ties to convention might help ) . 
  still , there wo n't be a new kalpa . 
  the kalpa in which the elder scrolls take place is the last , and it will end with an amaranth , and the end of the aurbis . 
  wait , wait . 
  german is not an ancestral language to english . 
  both english and german are west germanic languages . 
  their closest relative would be the proto-language associated with this group . 
  from there on , the group split in three branches : low franconian ( of which dutch and afrikaans are the current survivor ) , high german ( german , yiddish , and other regional languages ) , and anglo-frisian ( english , frissian , scots ) . 
  saying that german is the ancestor of english is like saying mankind evolved from apes . 
  there is a common ancestor , but one is n't a descendant of the other . 
  there will be an amaranth , who dreams a new dream . 
  there will be a new world , new universe , new everything . 
  the only thing which will remain are fragments the dreamer might remember ( like how anu and padomay are present in this dream while also in the one described in the annuad ) , and two forces in a constant conflict with each other . 
  the necromancer 's moon is from this kalpa . 
  it is from mannimarco becoming a god . 
  we know that mannimarco is from this kalpa . 
  with mundus destroyed after landfall , and the amaranth active , the aurbis is severely crippled . 
  it might continue to exist , but it would sure be different from anything hospitable . 
  not a clue . 
  maybe in a previous kalpa ? 
  or a different time line ? 
  first, 
  is azura really that prominent in ashlander religion ? 
  from what i remember most information about ashlander believes comes from the urshilaku tribe , which venerate her because of her strong ties to the nerevarine prophecy and its related cult , of which the urshilaku are the prominent adherers . 
  i might miss a couple of sources , though . 
  they are part of this dream . 
  they are left over parts of creatia , so they are tied to creation , which happened before convention ( which is the reset point ) . 
  in another kalpa , there will still be elder scrolls .
