  the religion of the imperials was based around the eight divines , and later the nine divines ( sometimes called ` the eight and one ' ) , which comprises of the aedra akatosh , arkay , dibella , julianos , kynareth , mara , stendar , and zenithar , as well as the later addition of the hero-god talos , who , during most of his mortal life , was known as tiber septim . 
  the original pantheon was adopted by the early nedes , based of the aldmeri and nordic pantheons , and heavily reorganised by the alessian order in the years following the slave rebellion . 
  after the death of tiber septim , the founder of the third empire , he was incorporated as the ninth divine , and the only non-aedra in the cyrodiilic pantheon . 
  while strictly not illegal , daedra worship is strongly looked down upon in cyrodiilic culture , disregarding what daedra is being worshipped . 
  this itself can be seen as strange , as the imperials have a history of cults . 
  the history of the imperials is one of the best documented ones in tamrielic history . 
  descending from the nedes , the proto-cyrods have long been the slaves of their elven masters , the ayleids . 
  this changed during the slave rebellion , sometime in the first era , when the nedes , led by saint alessia , as well as other mythic ( and sometime divine ) heroes . 
  the humans of cyrodiil staged an uprising and fought themselves free of the elves , climaxing at the siege of the imperial city , when the shezzarine pelinal whitestrake single-handedly stormed the white-gold tower , and killed umaril the unfeathered , an ayleid sorcerer-king , aligned with the daedric prince meridia . 
  afterwards , the ayleid kings attacked pelinal , and severed his body into eight pieces . 
  this was the start of the first empire , or the alessian empire . 
  it was a time of relative piece and prosperity , until the empire collapsed due to conflict within the alessian order , a religious and hugely influential cult . 
  cyrodiil was split into multiple kingdoms , all ruled by local warlords . 
  while there were multiple of these kingdoms , the most dominant ones were those of colovia , in western cyrodiil , and those of the niben , in the east . 
  even to this day there are cultural differences between the areas . 
  cyrodiil was again unified under reman cyrodiil , a mythical hero-king at the end of the first era . 
  cyrodiil was under attack by the akaviri , and to combat them , he united colovia and the niben . 
  he was successful , and started his own dynasty , as well as the second empire . 
  the second empire was different from the others , as the tsaeci of akavir had a huge amount of influence of the empire . 
  so much in fact , that after the assasination of the last reman , reman iii , the potentate versidue-shaie , proclaimed himself as sole ruler ( while not using the title 'em peror ' ) . 
  the akaviri potentate ended in 2e 430 , when the last descendent of versidue-shaie , savirien-chorak , was assassinated . 
  this created another power vacuum , and saw the reestablishment of the many warlord led kingdoms . 
  tamriel was yet again united at the end of the second era , this time by talos , or , as he was known after his coronation , tiber septim . 
  since there are conflicting theories regarding his history , i while keep with the official one . 
  he was born on atmora , under the name talos ( meaning stormcrown in old ehlnofex ) . 
  he grew up in skyrim , were he was soon discovered as a expert ruler and tactician . 
  in skyrim , he also learned the ancient art of the voice , and was eventually called by the greybeards of high hrothgar . 
  they told him that he was prophesised to be the ruler of tamriel , but he had to go south for that . 
  in cyrodiil , he became general under cuhlecain , the king of colovia . 
  before they could install cuhlecain as emperor , talos had to defend cyrodiil from the combined armies of high rock and skyrim . 
  the nords quickly joined his side after his use of the thu'um ( which he , being dragonborn , was expertly skilled in ) . 
  high rock retreated , but was able to assassinate now emperor cuhlecain ( it is rumoured that talos himself might have done this , but sources are hard to find for obvious reasons ) . 
  talos quickly used this opportunity to install himself as emperor , taking the cyrodiilic name tiber septim . 
  he went on to conquer the rest of tamriel , and his heirs ( known as either the septim dynasty , or the dragonborn emperors ) ruled tamriel for the entirety of the third era , in what would be called the third or septim empire . 
  the septim empire saw huge prosperity and stability throughout tamriel , but this changed at the end of the third era , starting with the imperial simulacrum , and ending with the oblivion crisis . 
  during the crisis , the last emperor , uriel spetim vii was assassinated , along with all his heirs . 
  the only heir left was his illegitimate son martin , who , with the help of the champion of cyrodiil , changed in an avatar of akatosh , to stop mehrunes dagon 's invasion . 
  this saw the end of the septim bloodline , and even though then high chancellor and later potentate ocato of firsthold tried to keep the empire together , the empire collapsed , and would never become more than a shade of its former glory , also because of the explosive grow of the aldmeri dominion . 
  with the assassination of ocato and the weak power the medes , the new imperial dynasty of the empire , had , along with the growing power of the thalmor , tamriel was once again at war . 
  during the great war , the imperial city was sacked , and the empire became nothing more than a vassal state of the thalmor . 
  along with the power the thalmor held over the empire , the worship of talos was proclaimed illegal , since the thalmor do n't recognise his divine position . 
  this angered the imperials , but especially the nords , which caused increased tensions between the empire and skyrim . 
  * the imperials are indeed a extremely important race , and have possibly the best documented history of all the races . 
  it is key to understand the basics of imperial culture for any scholar willing to study the politics and history of tamriel . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * welcome back to the thirteenth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume deals with the darkskinned men of hammerfell , the redguards . 
  this race of warriors , long believed to hold no tie with the other races of men , was for a very long time a secluded race , and still is incomparable to the other races on the continent . 
  the redguards of hammerfell are a sturdy breed of men , from the deserts that cover their province . 
  while in the past regarded as only linked to the other humans in appearance , recent theories have indeed linked them to the other races of men on tamriel . 
  they are a curious breed of men , with a strange , and often confusing religion , and a different appearance than that of their ethnic cousins . 
  biologically , the redguards are the easiest distinguishable race of men , as they have a vastly different appearance from the other races of man . 
  while the other men have a pale skin colour , the redguards are dark skinned , sometimes with a slightly red tan . 
  along with this , they have very dark coloured hair , often incredibly curly . 
  they are relatively muscled , more so than the bretons and imperials ( while not more than the nords ) , and are skilled fighters , often seeking their fortune in mercenary work or piracy . 
  their ferocity as fighters is only increased by their ability to gain a rush of adrenaline at will , making them almost , if not as , deadly as the orcs , while retaining control and discipline . 
  while not specially skilled in the use of magicka , the redguards ( or at least their ancestors ) were known to be able to ` sword sing ' , an ancient technique used to conjure one 's spirit into a blade . 
  while now lost to the sands of yokuda and the alik ` r , this technique used to be a weapon dreaded by their enemies . 
  the redguards are , like all human , descendent of the wanderers . 
  the ancestors of the redguards soon left for yokuda , and evolved into the yokudans there . 
  while already in contact with tamriel , the yokudans only left for the continent only well into the first era , due to the developments in their homelands . 
  there are multiple theories of what happened exactly . 
  the imperial geographic society holds that yokuda vanished due to natural disasters . 
  in recent years , however , a new theory was proposed that stated the yokudans destroyed their own continent on purpose . 
  for years the yokudans were at war with the left-handed elves . 
  in a last stand , the yokudans employed a sword-singing technique called the ` pankratosword ' , a technique strong enough to cut the uncutable , the ` atomos ' . 
  what followed was a huge explosion big enough to level almost the entire continent . 
  it caused the surviving yokudans to flee ( even though small parts of yokuda still remain , and have trade relations with port towns as stros m'kai and anvil ) . 
  the yokudans drove the orcs off and settled in hammerfell , on the western coast of tamriel . 
  since then , the yokudans were known as the redguards , named after the ra'gada , the first batch of warriors , sent to clear the way for the people of yokuda . 
  redguard culture is focussed on fighting and combat . 
  all redguards , both men and women , are expected to be able to swing a sword . 
  this is necessary , as almost all redguards find their fortune in mercenary work or seafaring . 
  the yokudans were surprisingly advanced for their time , which made it able for their descendents to build big and important cities in the middle of the harsh desert . 
  this also made redguard culture very secluded , as it limited contact with other parts of tamriel . 
  while most redguards nowadays have no problem with assimilating in the imperial culture , outsiders are still frowned upon in hammerfell , especially by the higher castes of society . 
  redguard culture despises the use of magicka . 
  why is unclear , but it might have something to do with their long conflict with the left-handed elves . 
  politics in hammerfell used to be divided between the forebears and the crowns , while the lhutonics have also emerged in recent years . 
  the crowns used to be the most influential group in the province , since they are composed of the royalty of the redguards . 
  they descent from the highest castes of the yokudan society , and will do everything to preserve this heritage . 
  as a result , they often look down on foreigners and any imperial influence ( or tamrielic in general , for that matter ) . 
  they are very conservative . 
  the opposing force are the forebears . 
  these warriors , descendent of the ra'gada caste , were the first yokudans to set foot on tamriel , and as such were exposed to many tamrielic ( especially nedic ) influences . 
  while the crowns want to remain as they were centuries ago , the forebears want to progress , and become full fledged member of tamrielic culture and society . 
  the difference of these groups is easily seen , as forebears are known to wear breton or cyrodiilic clothing , to fit in with imperial culture , while the crowns wear more traditional yokudan clothing . 
  in recent years , the lhutinic faction has also risen to prominence . 
  this group seeks a more balanced approach , advocating a mix between tamrielic and yokudan culture and society . 
  the exact details of this mix are unknown . 
  an important skill for the redguards , especially in past times , is sword-singing . 
  originally this was linked to a cult of sorts in yokuda , the ansei . 
  children , mostly from influential families , were given to the cult , to be taken to the dessert and trained in the ways of fighting . 
  the ansei were among the best , if not the best , swordfighters in history . 
  the greatest of this order were able to conjure swords from nothing more than their spirits , creating deadly weapons as the ` pankratosword ' , powerful enough to destroy an entire continent . 
  the influence of the ansei was big enough that they were , for sometime , the only ones allowed to wear swords . 
  while sword-singing was still being studied well into the third era , the grandmasters at that time were only able to conjure insubstantial swords , unable to seriously harm a opponent . 
  redguard religion is strangely asimilair to that of the other races .
