  kai spoke : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram saw what was happening , and stopped her swiftness-feats . 
  she spoke : `` let 's stop this battle of swiftness . 
  let us finish this . '', 
  she stood over faolan 's damaged and mutilated body . 
  she plunched her sword into his heart-wound , severing the briarheart from the body . 
  \u00darci descended and made the life leave faolan 's death . 
  faolan wept : `` why do you do this \u00darci ? 
  i have n't betrayed you ! '', 
  \u00darci and h\u00e9stram spoke in unison : `` you have betrayed the reach . '', 
  h\u00e9stram spoke : `` this was our final battle , faolan . 
  you are no king no more , and these are not your lands anymore . 
  i will not take off your head , for that is not my custom , nor of the reach now . 
  i will also not give you this warrior 's honour that you long for . 
  i will remain , and not make the mistake orc\u00ed made . 
  i will see to it that you die . '', 
  from the woods came forth a man with a loincloth and a stag head over his . 
  in his hand was a gigantic spear , horned and curved . 
  faolan cried , blood spurting from his lungs and mouth : `` hirseinn !, 
  great hunter , hail !, 
  the other of my gods have betrayed me , and i need more help against this demon from the south !, 
  help me in my hour of need ! '', 
  hirseinn made way to the dying king , and kneeled before him . 
  the prince spoke : `` they have n't betrayed you , faolan . 
  they help those that are worthy of it . 
  you have gone against every tradition of your people , in the hope of keeping what they want the most . 
  this is a noble goal . 
  in the process , however , you have forgotten what you wanted , and what your men wanted . 
  you became hungry for battle , and wanted to gain vengeance against your enemies . 
  you betrayed them , and you betrayed the reach . 
  for those that can not reach their own gods , me and my brothers remain . 
  i wanted to help you , but i am more than your servant , former king . 
  i am patron to the hunter and the hunted , and it seems you have become the latter on this day . 
  i will not claim your soul , for you have proven to be bad sport . 
  farewell , red eagle , and may you find the peace you want . '', 
  the prince of hunters stood up , and walked back into the woods , only to appear back at the bloodied moon . 
  faolan 's eyes began to tear again . 
  the pain from his already dead flesh began to reach him , and he succumbed to his wounds . 
  this is how faolan died . 
  h\u00e9stram , having waited for the dying breath stood up . 
  she raised her voice , which means the roar of the dragon : `` the reach belongs to the empire of men and the dragon . 
  all hail kai , and all hail the eight ! '', 
  she left the dead king then . 
  andoe , having watched the battle , descended from the mountain , collecting the dead king , and bringing him back to his camp . 
  andoe brought the dead body of faolan to his camp . 
  there , the late king was put on a stone slab , in front of his tower . 
  his kin and kith stood around the body . 
  andoe was the first to speak : `` o great king faolan , who now lays before me . 
  you have fought for us and for our old gods , but you have failed as well . 
  your hatred for orc\u00ed and h\u00e9stram , which were pure in the beginning , has consumed you . 
  it has led you of your true path , and angered the gods . 
  you will not be a martyr , or a saint , but you will be remembered , by every old woman and every young boy of the reach . 
  let your past battles and strives be example to all of us . 
  the reach is lost , and you should fear no more . '', 
  he chanted the following verse :, 
  o king deceased ,, 
  now laying here . 
  eternal sleep, 
  frees you of fear . 
  suibhne spoke : `` your hate has consumed you , faolan , but now you may rest . 
  let it go before you join your fathers and their fathers . 
  they will smile on you for it , and even the gods will accept you again . 
  part now , great king , and let your strength and prowess in battle be your memory . '', 
  he chanted the following verse :, 
  memory of strength, 
  and of great offence . 
  we shall sing at length, 
  of your great defence . 
  morr\u00edgu moved from among the ranks , and spoke : `` fallen eagle , great hunter , late king . 
  my sisters and i gave you the gift of strength and magicka and hard-flesh , but you twisted . 
  you let yourself be corrupted , and corrupted the gift we bestowed upon you . 
  let your death and your fall from grace be an example for the others in your ranks , for all your brothers and sisters and children . 
  our gift is for the reach as a whole , and not just for men . '', 
  she chanted the following verse :, 
  king faolan , woe is me ,, 
  for i made you br\u00e1irc\u00f3r . 
  now let death make you free ,, 
  and be tainted no more . 
  after these verses , the death-games began . 
  the warriors and heroes and champions of faolan performed their sword-feats and shield-feats and armour-feats . 
  in memory of their king they fought like him , with the fierceness of bears , and the swiftness of eagles . 
  many were bloodied and injured , but all remained standing by the memory of their late king . 
  after the games , a great pyre was build in honour of red eagle . 
  when lit , the flames reached upwards , high enough to lick cner\u00e9c 's heels and catch her tears . 
  the flames began to whirl , and shot downwards like a dragon 's voice . 
  the flames circled on the ground , and from them came forth the astral and ethereal shade of faolan . 
  he appeared young and beautiful , not glad in a loincloth or stag 's head , but in his old armour , in the custom of his people . 
  he was helmetless , and on his hip was his longsword , radiating white light . 
  his beard was thrice braided , and his fair hair was nine-times braided . 
  in the braids , a innumerable amount of beads and gems were woven , each holding divine strength . 
  the ghost spoke : `` thank you , kin and kith . 
  i have parted now , just as my wish for your lands has parted . 
  both were my own doing . 
  do not cry for me , or for my death , but cry for the reach . 
  be proud of who you are , so that you might one day join me and your ancestors . 
  promise me that you will never forget the reach , and the proud men that fell in her defence [ of which i am not part ] . 
  the reach is never conquered other than in name . '', 
  all promised him this , before raising their arms and chalices to the ghost . 
  faolan spoke again : `` when the fire clears , all that is left is the burial of my body , as is custom . 
  bury me in my old armour , helmed and armed , and put me on my old throne .
