  while most races venerate , or at least recognise many of the same deities and spirits , many of the redguard gods seem to have no counterpart in nordic or elven mythology , with the obvious exception of sep ( lorkhan ) . 
  strangely enough , while still men , redguards agree with the elves , that in their eyes , creation was a mistake . 
  what is very interesting , and also fitting for redguard culture , is the amount of war-gods , like hoonding , leki , onsi , and diagna . 
  along with these , the redguards believe that the hoonding can manifest himself in the form of a person or a weapon , or multiple at the same time , aiding the redguards in times of need . 
  redguard history starts somewhere in the first era , when the first ra'gada came to hammerfell to fight of the locals ( mainly orcs , as they were already pariahs , and no one else was desperate enough to try and live in the desert ) . 
  after just months , the now redguards had raided and destroyed any other settlement in hammerfell , building upon the remaining ruins . 
  while resentful of foreign influences for a long time , the redguards eventually adopted tamrielic as their native language , to accommodate trading ( which was surprisingly easy for the redguards , due to their impressive sailing capabilities ) , shortly after the first razing of orsinium , in which the bretons proved their worth , in the eyes of the redguards . 
  even though they adopted an increasing amount of tamrielic culture , they still resented the empire , and all things of the nedes and nords . 
  this might have contributed to the theory that the redguards did n't originate from the same stock as the other races of men . 
  eventually , the fear of losing their sovereignty exploded at the end of the second era , which saw a huge uprising , led by the redguard pirate and hero cyrus the restless , against the forces of tiber septim . 
  while initially victorious , hammerfell was eventually subdued and incorporated by the empire . 
  since then , redguards have been seen all around tamriel , and have been proud members of the empire . 
  indeed , many legionnaires were redguard . 
  after the oblivion crisis , hammerfell was one of the few provinces to remain within the empire , along with cyrodiil , high rock , skyrim , and the remains of morrowind . 
  this changed , however , after the white-gold concordat . 
  this saw the empire handing over the south of hammerfell to the aldmeri dominion . 
  the redguards , who did n't take part in negotiations , were furious , and decided to cut all contact with the empire . 
  there formidable fighting skills saw the thalmor retreat from hammerfell , keeping the province independent . 
  * these desertmen are some of the most feared ad respected warriors on the continent . 
  there history of war has shaped them , making them a unique race of men . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  in my last thread ( about the redguards ) there was some discussion regarding the left-handed elves of yokuda . 
  this went on to be a discussion where many more obscure races outside of tamriel were mentioned . 
  since it appears that a lot of people on here are unfamiliar with these races , i will accommodate them , and write a short summary on these species . 
  the left-handed elves, 
  these were a race of elves living on yokuda , to the west of tamriel . 
  there is very little known about them , besides from their ( human ) name , and the fact that they were at war with the local yokudans . 
  during the many years of war , the yokudans developed a hatred for these elves . 
  eventually , possibly to stop them , the yokudans blew up yokuda . 
  what happened to the left-handed elves after the cataclysmic event is unknown , but since they disappeared completely , it is safe to assume the destruction wiped them off yokuda , or the yokudans soon hunted them down . 
  nothing is known about their culture or appearance . 
  the maormer, 
  the maormer ( tropical elves ) are a breed of elves from the tropical continent of pyandonea , to the far south of tamriel . 
  they have pale skin , and blank eyes , often compared to chameleons . 
  they are led by the immortal wizard-king orgnum . 
  the ancestors of the maormer were banished from aldmeris , because orgnum launched a rebellion , hoping to increase his own power . 
  since their exile , the maormer have constantly harassed the summerset isles , even raising outpost on the mainland of tamriel . 
  while once shortly allied with the altmer , they did not care that the colovians killed off the entire maormeri fleet . 
  the last known contact with the maormer was in the second century of the third era . 
  during the war of the isles , the altmeri kingdom joined forces with the empire and the psijic order , to fight of the maormeri armada . 
  it is said that the psijics brewed up a storm strong enough to destroy orgnums fleet in such a way , that he would never be able to raise such a force again . 
  the tsaeci, 
  the tsaeci of akavir ( to the east of tamriel ) , might be , along with the sloads of thras , the best documented non-tamrielic species . 
  they originate on the continent of akavir , but how they exactly came to be is unknown . 
  the tsaeci are snake like beings , having scales over their entire body , and having a tail instead of legs . 
  they are vampiric , and are known to have ` eaten ' the race of men in akavir ( how literal this has to be taken is unknown ) . 
  during the first and second era , they have attacked and invaded cyrodiil . 
  eventually they were defeated by reman cyrodiil , and swore fealty to the dragonborn emperor . 
  during this time , their culture left huge imprints on tamriel , especially cyrodiil . 
  for instance : the akaviri dragonguard was the direct ancestor of the blades , and their armour , weapons , and forts are still reminiscent of this . 
  the second era was proclaimed when the tsaeci advisor of reman iii proclaimed himself leader of the empire , starting the akaviri potentate . 
  not much is known about their culture , only that they are expert fighters , using ` weapons to combat armour ' , instead of the imperial way of ` using armour to combat weapons ' , and that they are at constant war with the other species of akavir . 
  the sload, 
  as stated earlier , the sload of thras , to the south-west of tamriel , might be the best documented species outside of tamriel , and they had many dealings with the continent . 
  the sload appear as slug-like creatures , standing a bit taller than most humans . 
  they are very skilled with magic , and some of them , like n'gasta , are renowned necromancers . 
  sload culture is incredibly care - and thoughtful . 
  most of their heroes take years planning , before they actually set out . 
  while not in any sense religious , the sload are known to sometimes abide to the will of daedric princes , as long as they can profit from it . 
  this is very typical for the sload , as they are incredibly opportunistic . 
  they do not see any problem with things that seem unethical to other species , as murder , theft and genocide , as long as it gets the job at hand done . 
  the most important points in time when the sload were in contact with tamriel , was during the thrassian plague , which wiped out huge parts of tamriel , and caused the all-flag navy to sink thras , as well as when n'gasta came to stros m'kai . 
  the sload are unable to communicate the same emotions as the other races of nirn , and are often found to either fake or exaggerate them to accommodate non-sload . 
  while these are just a couple of the races outside of tamriel , they are the most important ones . 
  for the other races of akavir , i like to point the avid reader to the book ` mysterious akavir ' , which is the only known source about them . 
  * welcome back to the fourteenth part of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume deals with the nords of skyrim . 
  this breed of strong , fair-haired men is often misunderstood by outsiders . 
  the nords of skyrim are a hardy people , hailing from the frozen lands of skyrim . 
  their history is a long one , often having fact and fiction intertwined . 
  these proud men and women are a force to be reckoned with , and are some of the most renowned fighters in tamriel . 
  the nords appear at first sight like any human , but on closer inspection have some traits unique to them . 
  they are one of the tallest people of tamriel , only surpassed by the altmer . 
  along with this , most of them have fair skin and hair , and it is not uncommon for them to posses blue or green eyes . 
  nords posses an unusually strong build for men , and are capable of killing most other races with just their bare hands , eventhough the average nord prefers using a weapon for this . 
  the nords , while despising magicka , are able to conjure a quick blast of cold in a situation of life and death . 
  along with this , they can also fair much better in the cold than other species , due to their frozen homeland . 
  while the nords themselves believe they were created by kyne , on top of the throat in the world , modern theories state that the nords originated from wanderers travelling to atmora . 
  there , they developed into the atmorans . 
  eventually , after years of civil war , the mythic ancestor of the nords , ysgramor , fled atmora , and settled in skyrim , with a small group of atmorans . 
  while initial contact with the local snow elves was peaceful , this changed during the night of tears , when a raiding party of the snow elves plundered saarthal , the first human city in skyrim . 
  ysgramor survived , and went back to a now peaceful atmora . 
  there he garnished a force of roughly five hundred men , known as the companions , and set sail once again for tamriel . 
  after landing , the atmorans set out to hunt down and kill every last known snow elf . 
  while this contact with the elves was brief , it left a cultural scar , and even to this day nord mothers tell their children about the horrors of the snow elves , and their twisted offspring , the falmer . 
  after the destruction of everything snow elf , skyrim became more organised , eventually becoming a kingdom , with ysgramor becoming the first high king of the now nords . 
  according to local myth , all high kings , even to this day , descent from ysgramor . 
  nordic culture is simple yet complex , and often misunderstood by outsiders . 
  this is not because of isolation , as the nords do not necessarily look down on other races ( they do think that skyrim is of the nords , and that outsiders have no place in nordic politics and conflicts ) , but it has some elements which appear strange to the mostly imperial scholars . 
  one of those elements is the nord sense of honour and combat . 
  nords lack the opportunism which is common for imperials and other races of tamriel . 
  for the sons of the snow , it is better to die for a worthless cause , than switch sides , as that would mean huge dishonour for the nord in question , and his family . 
  another aspect of their code of honour is honourable combat . 
  a nord noble is allowed to challenge the high king , and when he defeats , or kills , him in honourable combat , to take his place as high king . 
  this system of honour is also what decides what happens to a nord after death . 
  when they die for a cause they believe in , and during valiant combat , their souls travel to sovngarde , where they get the chance to feast at the hall of valour , among the many heroes of nordic history , as well as with shor himself . 
  nordic religion is also unique to them . 
  while in recent years , many nords turned to worshipping the nine divines ( especially talos , who is still regarded as a nordic hero ) , they have a history of at least two religions .
