  [ this guide ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/zfxy9/jel_language/ ) has an article about the pronunciation, 
  it would be be pronounced along the lines of [ ahn khee layl ] [ \u0251\u02d0n xil\u025b\u026a\u032fl ], 
  i heard a story about the hists wanting to let this world continue on ( i think it was an mk comment ) . 
  they ( or it . 
  hivemind , and all that ) are the antithesis to the amaranth . 
  where the amaranth will shape a new world , the hists try to continue the current . 
  as to the good/evil question : those two forces are not present in the tes universe in an absolute sense . 
  sure , things can be regarded as having an ethical value , but that entirely through a cultural-religious paradigma . 
  people that got wronged by the hist will probably think them evil , while the argonians would n't . 
  the only forces we can truly speak of are anuic ( stasis ) and padomaic ( change ) , although that distinction gets foggy after the subgradient of sithis and anui-el ( and impossible to apply on the level of mortals ) . 
  while the hist are on the same sub-gradient as the et ` ada , they can be considered padomaic ( although i judge that more on their recognision of sithis than on their acts ) . 
  still bussy as hell . 
  i still have one week of tests to go , than a couple of class/study weeks , and then all hell breaks loose for my final exams . 
  on another note : i do have time for writing , and have one or two things to write for/about . 
  also , gongratulations to turokman . 
  talos is a union of tiber septim , zurin arctus and wulfharth . 
  while this in itself is not important , it is a necessity for the following . 
  talos recreated convention . 
  during the original , trinimac ripped out lorkhan 's heart , and auri-el shot it across the continent . 
  talos performed his own version of this . 
  so talos sacrifised a part of him , and with this he was able to permanently bind himself to mundus , becoming a semi-aedra , and possibly a tower/stone . 
   those who remained took on the form of the aldmer, 
  a small addition to this : originally , the ehlnofey had no fixed form ( this was pre-convention/dawn era , so nothing was linear ) . 
  in this state , a war broke out , which saw the ehlnofey fight over how to view creation . 
  it ended with convention . 
  the ones that saw mundus as a cage or a trap became the old ehlnofey , or the aldmer , which were the ancestors of mer . 
  the ones that saw creation as a positive event , were scattered and left to wander tamriel and the other continents . 
  these where labeled the wanderers , and were the ancestors of men . 
  that is not to say that all man love creation , and all mer hate it . 
  the redguards and dunmer are great examples of this . 
  in the case of the dunmer this was due to later events , however , and there is too little known about the early history of the yokudans to say anything about them . 
  the ehlnofey were a ` race ' ( if that term is even usable for things constantly shifting between humanoid , animal , plant , and song ) . 
  they were the spirits of et ` ada that partook in creation , survived , but were n't able to exist in a divine fashion as the aedra . 
  so they became mortal . 
  i would n't call them just a force that seperated creation from convention , and more as the first attempts at mundus , which needed divine intervention ( still , due to the state of the dawn era , there is no telling what they were exactly ) . 
  akatosh went insane due to lorkhan-fusing , but akatosh is n't aka ( he is a part of aka ) . 
  aka became insane due to bodyslamming mundus to call convention , leaving him shattered . 
  secondly , this does not make it impossible for mer to become shezzarines . 
  two important terms here are anuic and padomaic , stasis-like ( the order you spoke of ) and change-like . 
  while et ` ada are hard to fit into these categories , we can say that the aka spirits are anuic , and the lorkhan spirits padomaic . 
  the great thing : this has nothing to do with the shezzarines . 
  most merish cultures are very stasis loving ( this was the philosophical divide that split the men and mer in the past ) , and manish cultures very change loving . 
  however , this does not mean that each and every elf is anuic , and every man padomaic . 
  these distinctions are almost impossible at the et ` ada subgradient , let alone lower down the line . 
  an altmer who hates lorkhan in every cell of his body can still be a shezzarine without any mental problem , apart from possible self hate . 
  the world of the elder scrolls is a dream . 
  when the end of the dream is near , an amaranth appears , that dreams the next world . 
  we do n't know how many dreams there have been , only that the dreamer of the tes world is anu ( the anu-as-stasis is probably a dream persona , and not the exact same person ) , and that there will be a dreamer of the current world . 
  i 've never come across that name , but considering the name , i presume so . 
  i know it as the ehlnofey war . 
  convention is when aka called together the remaining aedra to discuss the way they should intervene in mundus , and how to treat lorkhan . 
  it ended with auri-el shooting of lorkhan 's heart , which was ripped out by trinimac , and imposing linear time . 
  convention 2.0 was when talos ( the union of tiber septim , zurin arctus and wulfharth ) recreated the event . 
  this made talos sacrifice a part of his , and become a semi-aedra . 
  what is important here is that convention is the impossipoint , a point in time , when time was n't around , and the stone of the adamantine tower . 
  by recreating the events , talos further anchored the stone . 
  the towers anchor mundus , keeping it up , and not fading back into oblivion . 
  they are either the result of godly powers ( ada-mantia , red mountain ) , or of races building their own ( white-gold , crystal-like-law ) . 
  not all towers are needed to keep mundus up , but there need to be at least two . 
  kalpa 's and amaranths are two loose concepts . 
  kalpa 's only happen in mundus itself ( as far as we know . 
  the mad realms seem to have ( had ) a similair concept ) . 
  they start of with lorkhan 's death , and end with alduin . 
  in all cases , there is a mundus within the aurbis . 
  when the amaranth dreams his own dream , all is new . 
  there is no mundus and no aurbis , and no kalpa 's . 
  or there might . 
  all we know from previous dreams is that there are always two forces fighting it out , creating new things . 
  i honoustly ca n't say . 
  from what i understood , he is n't disagreeing with the amaranth idea ( then the thread would light up faster than an australian forrest in the summer ) . 
  i ca n't help you with the yokuda part . 
  i was n't here when the whole thing went down . 
  in modern day hammerfell , the training would not differ much from anywhere else in tamriel . 
  redguards are genneraly a bit better trained , but not en mass , and not very significantly . 
  the sword-singers have all but died out . 
  they are still present on yokuda and in hammerfell , but a lot of their knowledge has been lost . 
  i fully agree with myrrlyn here . 
  it is important to look at c0da and headcanon as one would look at a theory in philosophy . 
  you 're not wrong in saying that something is a certain way , but you can be wrong in saying why something is that way ( i.e. 
  the theory has to be defendable ) . 
  for instance , if i were to say that skyrim is a tropical rainforrest ( to go ad ridiculum ) , i am not wrong because i say it is a tropical rainforest . 
  i can be wrong , however , in defending it , or the lack thereof . 
  with all sources we have pointing towards a polar skyrim , the rainforest-theory is very implausible , if not impossible . 
  in short , and like myrr said , you need to be able to give a reason for the conjecture . 
  if you lack that reason , please do n't attack someone on saying the opposite . 
  as always , stay polite , and stay professional . 
  while i 'm normally negative about stricter moderation , i am fully agreeing with the points raised . 
  before you start firing arguements and insults against someone , try to remember that this is n't real . 
  tamriel and the aurbis are n't real , nor are the argonians . 
  this is all for fun , and if you feel that you need to start a fight about a fictive world , than this is n't the place for you . 
  this does not mean that we should n't be serious about the discussions . 
  being polite professional , and , in the end , better informed can be fun , and i always feel content when both me and the other person ( s ) leave with a better idea of the topic at hand . 
  and again , do n't be a dick . 
  it only angers people , does not make you look great , and it scares of new members . 
  i 've seen multiple times that people who asked a rather straightforward question ( which is n't anything to complain or cry about ) were belittled or met with an arrogant attitude . 
  now , i do n't only say that because i feel that we need to treat others better , but it is also because of with what i started this comment . 
  i do n't like stricter moderation . 
  however , sometimes this is necessary , and this is one of those times . 
  if we keep on being assholes like this , / r/teslore will turn into an / r/askscience or / r/askhistorians , where only certain people have a right of voice , and there is no room for fun , which is the purpose of this subreddit . 
  a perfect community does not need moderation , but we have shown now that we are unable to behave ourselves without it .
