  you can say that the victory of the heroes is a lucky strike , and their death would be as just of an outcome as the other possibilities . 
  would n't make for a fun game , though . 
  as far as i know , there are no in-game or developer texts detailing the pantheon . 
  the symbols used by the forsworn in skyrim seem to hint at at least hircine worship , and possibly dibella as well ( although it is n't clear if this is defacing dibella or worshipping her ) . 
  there are some user-made texts discussing them , which show a number of aedra and daedra . 
  they are pretty varied , though , and are more based on the interpretation of the maker than on actual sources ( which do n't exist , afaik ) . 
  not that the last is necessarily bad , but just to give you some context of the nature of those texts . 
  the warp really changed the province , that 's for sure . 
  all the tiny kingdoms around the illiac were united under just four kingdoms : the hammerfell coast was sentinel , and the coast of high rock was divided under daggerfall , wayrest , and orsinium ( although this was just a tiny part ) . 
  all bowed down to the emperor , and lost some souverenity . 
  in the case of orsinium , it led to a general better relation with the rest of tamriel . 
  orcs were considered a proper race , and there city was safe for the first time . 
  they also held good diplomatic relation with the imperial city , and were striving towards province status . 
  it is safe to say that all these things were still in place ( or in process ) during the time of morrowind . 
  the oblivion crisis and the following collapse made things worse in the area , but they still had to happen , of course . 
  hmm , hard to say . 
  i do n't know of any source that explicitly states it , but it is n't that strange , when you think about it . 
  there are two problems though , which puts it in context . 
  the first is pan-tamrielic in nature : during the third empire , all the way until the oblivion crisis , tamriel had become increasingly open . 
  a lot of bretons would already be leaving to set up shop in another province , and a lot of non-breton would try the same in high rock . 
  the second problem has to do with dragon breaks in general . 
  a lot of people got displaced , were killed , or simply dissappeared . 
  some people got unwritten from the time-line entirely . 
  i do n't know if it is possible to say who lived where between and during the break . 
  the break was only in the illiac bay , though , and it would probably have n't effected what happened with refugees in other provinces . 
  that is also a factor , yeah . 
  there are pro 's and cons to staying and leaving , and the fact that a lot got completely fucked up timewise and existencewise by the warp is n't really helping . 
  there 'll definitly be more . 
  this is already getting longer than i thought . 
  i heard a theory once ( which will be painful to look a source for , but maybe someone has it laying around ) , that dwemer metal kept its properties due to the world-refusal of the dwemer . 
  by believing any form of taint or damage to be ` false ' , they had their material to behave the same . 
  in morrowind , armour also had a rating for enchantments . 
  a higher rating meant that it could hold a bigger ( and thus stronger ) enchantment . 
  i do n't know the exact list , and most seems to be a gameplay reason ( with more expansive and rare armour having a higher rating ) . 
  the highest two were ebony and daedric , which are the only ones that can be backed up . 
  ebony is the blood of lorkhan , so it 's divine in nature . 
  daedric is ebony with a daedric soul bound to it . 
  that was the only thing not yet said that i could think of . 
  a note to readers : this is a bit bloody , and some things are pretty gruesome ( referring to the balgadb scene ) . 
  if any one has any problem with it , please say so , so that i know if i should put a nsfw tag on . 
  phew , i 'm not sure . 
  alduin changing him into dagon is from the alduddaga ( i think i spelled that right ) . 
  i ca n't help you any further . 
  i do n't recall anything about his sphere in there , but it has been a while since i read it , and it is pretty late . 
  now assuming there is n't anything in there :, 
  what could be it ? 
  i think it is safe to say that he was a being of extreme power . 
  he was at least on the level of the et ` ada , and even in his corrupted form he was a daedric prince . 
  also , he is probably the highest being of the leaper demons ( whatever they might be ) . 
  other corrupted beings got a sphere that might align with their original nature ( meridia from magna-ge to daedric prince against the undead , with a lot of light symbolism , and malacath turning into the god of outcasts and pariah from trinimac , who was god of the army ( both away from home ) ) , or directly oppose it ( sheo turning into a force of madness from the order of jyggalag ) . 
  the leaper demon king 's sphere might be somehow related to destruction , but in what way i do n't know . 
  they both are . 
  this is also going to be a little complicated . 
  the tes universe knows a concept called mantling . 
  a person overtakes the sphere of a god , and becomes said god himself . 
  the best known examples are the ruddy man in the sermons mantling molag bal , and the champion of cyrodiil mantling sheogorath . 
  in those two cases , the person that mantled became indistinguishable from the original deity ( look at sheogorath in skyrim , and you 'll know what i mean ) . 
  talos mantled lorkhan , and took over as god of men . 
  he did n't lose his identity , though , and that is another complicated thing . 
  tiber septim/talos has chim , much like vehk/vehk . 
  chim is a concept which i ca n't really explain well enough , so i advise you to look in the compilation ( on the sidebar ) and select the topic-thingy . 
  there are some good texts about it . 
  now , to summarise , talos mantled the sphere of lorkhan , but in the process said `` fuck that , i 'm not giving up my identity , i love myself and the world too much for that . 
  i 'll be you ** and ** me . '', 
  so talos is lorkhan is not . 
  the provinces seem to have a sort of autonomous relation with the empire ( think the high rock kingdoms , the skyrim high king , the dunmer great houses ) . 
  since the illiac bay is known for its wars , it stands to reason that the empire would n't intervene . 
  they are n't expected to , so why waste your troops on something that will solve itself ? 
  there is no such thing as canon anymore . 
  the idea most adhere to on this subreddit is that every creation can be true , as long as it is defendable well enough ( so well researched and considerate pieces are excepted , and ass pulls filtered out ) . 
  most of the accepted texts are still either in-game or developer texts ( although some , like the pge , are treated with a lot of suspicion ) . 
  redguard is commonly accepted as canon ( so unlike how the fallout community treats its spin-offs ) . 
  umaril might fit the bill , or maybe some ayleid king mentioned anywhere ( if the writer is altmer , pelinal could apply as well ) . 
  for the imperials , umaril was the personification of the evil of the ayleids ( read : slavery and the difference in religion ) . 
  an altmer might include him because of his relation with meridia ( daedra ) . 
  for the altmer , they might want to have pelinal , as he was pretty much the nemesis of the elves ( although the altmer did n't have much dealings with him ) . 
  i think this is all from the meetings , the game redguard , and [ this poster ] ( http://ladynerevar.tumblr.com/post/68086497970/captain-tobias-sword-meeting-with-cyrus-the ) . 
  he is definitly mentioned in the song of pelinal , but i do n't know if that is a known story in third era cyrodiil . 
  i also do n't know how well the alessian uprising is known , but considering that there are still some ayleid ruins standing , amd sometimes not that far from cities and towns , i guess most people know about them ( albeit in an alessian demonised story ) . 
  he was the voice actor in redguard , but i do n't know if mk is giving him a shout-out , or is actually including him in the project . 
  to add to what has already been said ( i do n't know how much you already know about this ) :, 
  aetherius is also the dwelling place of the magna-ge , et ` ada that helped with creation , but fled before shit went down . 
  they tore holes through oblivion ( the stars and sun ) . 
  in oblivion , some imperial ghost-blades mention that , when the coc breaks a curse of the underking in sancre tor , `` they can finally go to aetherius . '', 
  i think it is safe to assume that imperials believe they go there when they die . 
  daedra worship is tolerated throughout most of tamriel , and some pantheons feature a mix of daedra and aedra . 
  of all the daedra , azura is one of the most popular . 
  i can imagine a lot of people worshipping her , not necessarily in the form of cults . 
  that was the best i can think of . 
  i do n't see a connection between the arena and azura , and i do n't know of any text that could help . 
  well , he did ransack two chapels in not that long of a timespan , so i guess the attacks were known . 
  i ca n't recall if people actually knew about the aurorans or just thought that it were extremists of sorts . 
  kagrenac was responsible for tempering with the heart . 
  because of that , the great houses went to war with him , causing the death of their beloved king . 
  this is only relevant to dunmer , though , so i do n't think an imperial would include him . 
  the pge third edition does n't make a direct reference to the thing when discussing the conquest of the summerset isles , so i guess it is either unknown or heavily censored under imperial degree . 
  azura does definitly care . 
  it is important to note that she is not a mother goddess . 
  her love is conditional , and i think the best comparison would how a craftsman treats his tools . 
  if they serve her well , she will be careful with them , or she will even repaitlr them .
