  it is also important to note that gortwok had a political agenda . 
  the orcs had always lived in reclusion as pariahs , and malacath is the patron of that . 
  gortwok wanted to get rid of that stigma , having orcs become a full-fledged member of tamrielic society ,, 
  by worshipping trinimac , he hoped that they would drop the reclusion part . 
  you have a relevant username :p, 
  now , in all seriousness : mk has used a lot of sci-fi things in his work ( pelinal being a robot , the way the memospore is described in return false and the nu-mantia intercept , kinmune , etc. ) . 
  he always held that the elder scrolls are actually science fantasy . 
  as you might be aware , coda is something in musical notation . 
  it brings a piece clower to its conclusion , and features repetition . 
  in this sense , the 0 might give a sort of computer-y feel to it , with c0da being an aurbical script running to end nirn . 
  this is important . 
  when writing apocrypha , you have a lot of freedom , and you can use a lot of conjecture . 
  but in discussions , you 'll get nowhere by saying `` i believe this , so i am right . '', 
  in discussions , you 'll do need to source your answer , or you need to present your conjecture as conjecture with reasonable arguements . 
  as i said earlier in these kind of discussions , we need to treat it like theories are treated in philosophy . 
  simply saying that a is b ( let 's say : `` humanity is existantial ) is not enough . 
  you need to say why a is b ( in this case , judging from changing attitudes towards violence or religion in history , we can say that these things are n't something humans have within them , but rather something that is culturally dictated , so outside of the individual ) . 
  just like in philosophy , absolute truths are n't atainable . 
  in tes perspective is key , and every one saw a different side of events , without any oversight . 
  if we want to make this oversight , we need to pull from what is believed by the people of mundus . 
  it is not fan-fic . 
  fan-fic is when you write a story about superman in the tes universe , or about all daedra being one thing ( which goes against every source we have on the things ) . 
  apocrypha is when you write fiction to further clearify or expand on a subject . 
  apocrypha keeps in mind which is currently accepted . 
  to name my example , the rape of the reach , i have , from point 1 , made clear that these were not the events that actually happened , but rather a story told in the reach ( of which a summary can be found in-game ) . 
  did the reachmen actually believed it ? 
  probably not , but it is filled with their ideas , and their symbolism , and based on their history . 
  this is apocrypha . 
  it is something i made up , but it is grounded in what has been confirmed , and it is to further flesh out something which is barely mentioned . 
  true , i just wanted to give a decent mo , with a real world example for clarity . 
  congrats to al-gemha . 
  this has been an easy week . 
  had to work more shifts than usual , so my paycheck will be a bit bigger , which is nice . 
  on the downside , did n't have nearly enough time for writing . 
  i 'm still looking for a house near my university . 
  so far no luck , and i 'll probably wo n't get it nearly on time ( which sucks , because that is an hour and a half of travelling from my house ) . 
  other than that , easy week . 
  like pointed out earlier , this is from arena , when much of the lore was not fleshed out , and more in a d&d direction ( which has a strong morality mythos ) . 
  seeing the similarity in name and the fact that he was worshipped in black marsh makes me think of sithis , which would also explain the association with darkness . 
  the evil association might come from the fact that the db refers him , which is generally considered a group one should stay away from . 
  hmmm , stability reasons ? 
  i have to give this some more thought . 
  present everywhere , both in myth and action ( if these are seperate ) . 
   economic and technological superiority , art and knowledge , hegemony or regional power , morality , the lifestyle and the life expectancy , freedom , economic and social mobility , endurance when it comes to the test of time , the way it adapts , etc. 
  take your pick . 
  relativism can be useful to better understand things from different perspective , but it should n't be taken to an extreme . 
  even you do n't value things equally , otherwise you would be indifferent to slavery and genocide when practiced by your , or other cultures . 
  as pointed out earlier , a lot of these things should be relativied . 
  circumstances change constantly , and what works well in one period , might be disastrous in an other . 
  the empire was quiet because they let the other provinces go their own way , but when shit really hit the fan ( oblivion crisis and its aftermath ) , they were n't quick enough to stabilise everything . 
  the empire collapsed , and imperial culture was between a rock and a hard place . 
  their ` tolerance ' ( indifference is a better word ) was good in prosperous times , but when it gets tough , it can appear as not caring for the hinterlands at all . 
  also , how are you going to measure morality ? 
  to most people in the west , tolerance seems like a good idea , but nazi germany certainly would disagree ( and not only at the top ) . 
  to believers of the nazi doctrines , our world is horrible . 
  morality is definitly not something you can use to compare cultures . 
  also , greatest is a pretty hard term to use . 
  does op mean influental , or inspiring , or known , or what else ? 
  but why ? 
  he did piggyback on his predecesor lorkhan . 
  talos might be a strong figure , but he is more a force to recon with than a person always important in history ( also because he is a rather late appearance ) . 
  meh , close enough . 
  they are different facets of the same thing . 
  they are to each other what alduin is to akatosh . 
  it all depends on how people look at them . 
  i think in their case , the difference is in the pov of their traditions . 
  they were all responsible for starting creation , but in the case of shezzar and shor , this was a positive thing . 
  in the case of lorkhan or lorkhaj , that is more questionable . 
  but yeah , they are n't as different as the aka spirits . 
  or forces himself in the mold the ol' talos way . 
  also , the pge comments on how hard it is to access the summerset isles , so seeing it as how medieavel europeans described the east is pretty logical . 
  well , to start , i do n't see how a final conflict between the two groups could ever happen . 
  they are n't necessarily opposites ( although the altmer would think that ) . 
  the aedra stayed around after creation , and the daedra never took part . 
  they mostly move past each other . 
  keeping a daedric prince out of mundus would most likely mean destroying or changing him . 
  when they enter mundus , they must bow down to its laws , the earthbones . 
  this is why dagon was banished by akatosh in oblivion . 
  if akatosh were to appear on mehrunes dagon 's turf , the opposite would happen . 
  dagon still kept his influence over tamriel , though . 
  jyggalag was changed by the other princes to sheogorath , and lost his sphere in the process . 
  i do n't know if actually destroying a daedric prince is even possible . 
  the aedra would definitly not be able to do it , though , as they are to weak . 
  a lot of aedra died during creation . 
  these were lost , and never mentioned by name . 
  i vaguely recall reading somewhere that aedra can disappear when their worship stops ( mythopoeia ) , but i was n't able to find that source again . 
  the daedra are not as effected by mythopoeia as the aedra , if at all . 
  you are right in the absence of morality in the aurbis , but the aedra did survive . 
  you mentioned the earthbones and ehlnofey , but the divines are also still ` alive ' ( comateuse is more accurate ) . 
  they occasionally seem strong enough to do something , like mara having an avatar in morrowind and of course akatosh at the end of oblivion , but they are in no way as present as the daedra . 
  they are on constant life-support of mortal believes . 
  the second aperture is never mentioned literary , but it is illegal to penetrate it according to temple doctrine . 
  since birthing normally involves a vagina , and i doubt the temple would prohibit penetrating that , i guess shitting out is a good guess . 
  the imperial cult has a couple of items that are said to be divine by origin , but most of the times this is either a blessing , or carried by one of their champions . 
  the aedra are n't really in a position to comment if they are really part of them , as some daedric artefacts are . 
  the only thing i can think of is chim el-adabal , the amulet of kings , which was given to alessia by akatosh . 
  it does make sense , actually . 
  cyrodiil is two different cultural regions , which were first united under alessia ( and in times of collapse always fall apart ) : colovia in the north and west , and nibenay in the south and east . 
  nibenay is a site of civilisation , as it is often portrayed . 
  the people tend to solve their problems with diplomacy or trade first of all .
