  however , their identity and sphere are completely different . 
  while they ( without someone mantling them ) can not exist together , they are still seperate entities . 
  with the end of the greymarch , the jyggasheo spirit was fixed back into jyggalag 's sphere , leaving the sheo sphere empty . 
  the coc mantled that sphere , losing his identity to the prince of madness , and becoming the sheogorath witnessed in skyrim . 
  i ca n't think of any source on this , but if i were to guess , i would say that the legion had its own smiths and fletchers and such . 
  we see in oblivion that the county halls ( or at least anvil ) has its own smithy , responsible for supplying the local guards with gear . 
  seeing that supplying a large army is a huge endeavour , it would not be strange for the empire to have its own specialists working on it . 
  `` wha ... what if ... no , dude , seriously , listen ... what if ... this ... is all a dream ? 
  i know man !, 
  shit 's deep '', 
  gongratulations to ifw . 
  you write an insane amount , man ( but i think i already mentioned that to ypu :p ) . 
  i 'm almost caught between my test week and finishing the last two books on my list for school . 
  just a couple more weeks and i 'm done with high school for good . 
  also : myrr ? 
  flair ? 
  wbile some concepts are either directly in the game or hinted at , most come from out of game sources . 
  the average player wo n't find the referrence to the texts in the game , and the uesp has a strict in-game only policy when it comes to sources . 
  it is not completely unknown though . 
  mk 's work are considered acceptable not only here , but also on til and bgsf . 
  i refuse to alter my spelling !, 
  i will not give in to that ... thing . 
  i 've picked up on ac : brotherhood again . 
  i liked 2 a bit better , but it is alright i guess . 
  can i still pretend to be you for the time being ? 
  do n't you have some breton 's head to crack open , orc ? 
  interesting . 
  the script reminds me of ogham . 
  what would be the reason for the orcs to adopt their own script , and not use a variant of the elven scripts ? 
  anaximander ,, 
  i do partially agree with you . 
  ( mytho ) social issues should not be underestimated . 
  we are all familiar with the huge divide in culture , religion , and arts following the chimeri exodus . 
  during my travels , i found that the skaal also feal a strong seperation from the nords and their culture , while still being ethnically related . 
  in the case of the skaal , this lead to a difference in language and religion . 
  while these differences seem to proof you 're point , they are still different in nature . 
  the skaal never changed scripts , because the literacy rate in the skaal communities of solstheim is too low to cause any great schism when nordic or tamrielic scripts are used , as well as their peaceful split with the culture and society of skyrim . 
  morrowind , on the other hand , did change scripts to that of the daedric realms and cults . 
  while of huge social and religious importance , it should be noted that the scripts was already in use before the chimer adopted it . 
  the orcs are in a different position . 
  while the divide following the corruption of trinimac made the orcs leave the elven union , and their changed physiology made the aldmeri language unusable , it did not necesitate the development of a new script . 
  it is not strange to imagine certain characters developing with different phonetic values . 
  developing a script is hard and long work , and i find it difficult to imagine the orcish culture ( which seems to rate force and social position above literature and poetry ) being so focused on developing a different script to symbolise their split from aldmeri culture . 
  awaiting your reply ,, 
  the hist are the makers of the argonians . 
  when an argonian hatches , they are nothing more than tree-lizards , lacking every form of intelligence . 
  on their ` naming-day ' , young argonians get to drink from the sap , and gain their humanoid appearance and intelligence . 
  the hist are able to adapt the argonians to different situations , and call them back whenever the need arises . 
  sithis is a different tale . 
  worship is normally aimed toward the higher subgradient in the universe . 
  for mortals , this genneraly is an et ` ada ( like the daedra and aedra ) . 
  since the hist are on the same level as the et ` ada , they acknowledge their supergradient , which are sithis and anui-el . 
  i like the overlap idea , which is also strengthened with auri-el shooting lorlhan 's heart of after convention . 
  i 'm not so sure about mara . 
  i 'm not really accostumed to the various creation myths , except for the yokudan version , which does not include mara in the process ( but it is very different in multiple regards ) . 
  interesting , i 'll look further into it . 
  as for the influence of aka in the process : yes , he was there the whole time . 
  lorkhan saw the wheel on his own , but he needed the help of the later aedra and magna-ge to create mundus . 
  aka was one of these et ` ada . 
  the dragonborn completed the main quests , and those of the dlc . 
  further than that , it is unknown and would likely never become known . 
  the questlines of the guilds happened , but not necessairily by the ldb . 
  as for all the sidequests , they likely become unimportant later on . 
  we will never know if old man jenkin 's goat was returned to him by the dragonborn , with a civil war going on , and dragons burning half the province down . 
  it is not unheard of that argonians adopt non-argonians . 
  besides , the imperials had a presence in black marsh ( after the time of eso , though ) , which was almost completely inhospitable to them . 
  it is not so strange that a child gets lost , or is the soul survivor of an accident that killed its family in the middle of the swamps . 
  all we know about the stone , is that its `` a cave '' , whatever that points to . 
  it might be a litteral cave , might be a metaphor for one thing or the other . 
  the cave is from a chatlog with mk . 
  i might dig it up later today , if i got the time . 
  because they are , and they want to be . 
  the orcs are decendents of a warrior caste in the ancient aldmeri culture . 
  they worshipped trinimac . 
  trinimac was a wargod , and offered protection to those that were away ( see him as the god of armies , and temporal groups ) . 
  trinimac was eaten by boethiah , and changed into malacath , and his followers into orcs . 
  malacath was no longer the god of war and armies , but now he was the god of outcasts , offering them shelter , and the one responsible for revanche whenever you would touch one of his . 
  orcs want to be outcasts , due to their religion ( this has changed somehwat towards the end of the third era , with the proposed independence of orsinium ) . 
  apart from religion , there are also social reasons . 
  every race on tamriel hates the others . 
  nords are barbarians , imperials should keep their nose out of others bussiness , dunmer are arrogant , khajjit druggies , etc. 
  the orcs are the victim of this , but have other problems that make it harder for them to be recognised . 
  physically , they are one of the strangest races , making it harder for the other races to accept them as `` kin '' , apart from their appearance , the orcs are also shorter lived ( topping at about 50 years ) , without more vertility , so the group can hardly ever grow beyond just scattered tribes . 
  culturally , we see that the orcs are very doomdriven . 
  with combat in such a high regard , the mortality rate in combat is high . 
  small groups mean easy targets . 
  the redguards and bretons attacked orsinium multiple times , and even razed it a couple . 
  another important thing is the orcish xenophobia . 
  hate creates hate . 
  because they are used to being the target of violence , they will stick even more to their tribes , because those keep them safe from harm . 
  the end of the third era was the best time for the orcs . 
  orsinium was able to expand its influence during the warp . 
  along with this , orcs were a common sight in the imperial legion ( which does n't discrimenate ) , and became increasingly accepted within the empire . 
  orsinium was even discussing independence from high rock with the empire . 
  with the collapse of the empire , the orcs were yet again left alone . 
  not only did the collapse of the legion , and the relocation of orsinium ( which had been razed again ) make orcs a rarer sight in tamriel , the collapsing infrastructure made it harder as well to trade , making the few times non-orcs had contact with them even rarer . 
  i would never use the wiki to start with . 
  it does n't source azura either . 
  in the forsworn camps we see a lot of blood-stained dibella statues . 
  it could be thet they ridicule her , or it could be due to sacrifices in her name , which would be a form of worship .
