  bosmer do n't like talking about it , and only resort to it as an act of desperation . 
  because of the knowledge y' ffre gave the bosmer , he is often referred to as ` the storyteller ' . 
  because of this title and the respect the bosmer hold for this god , they are fabled bards and poets . 
  this and their often upbeat nature make them a popular sight at festivals . 
  bosmer society divides the bosmer in multiple clans and families . 
  the clans have almost never been united , and often the pride of unity vanishes after a few years . 
  because of these small communities , the bosmer know little solidarity . 
  in the rest of the continent they are seen as lazy , since some of them rarely to anything productive . 
  alongside this , bosmeri troops are infamous for low discipline and deserting at the littlest sign of threat . 
  even though these traits are common in valenwood , outside of their home province , they seem to easily adapt . 
  it is not uncommon to meet them around tamriel as traders , shopkeepers and fletchers . 
  the bosmer are noteworthy archers . 
  their fletch work is famous around tamriel for being the best there is ; their skills are so well known , it is even rumoured that fletching originated in valenwood . 
  since the green pact prohibits wood elves using any wood , most bows are made of chitin or bone . 
  bosmeri culture dates back to the very start of the first era , when the legendary king eplear united his kin . 
  during the first era , the bosmer had numerous skirmishes with the upcoming alessian empire . 
  these were quickly ended with a wild hunt , killing then emperor borgas . 
  the empire divided the bosmer after this by giving all city states independence . 
  this broke up the unity they had , which resulted in a last resort treaty with the altmer of the summerset isles to create the aldmeri dominion . 
  hundreds of years later , valenwood was , like all other provinces , annexed by the empire , of which it remained part until the thalmor seized it . 
  the institution of thalmor rule saw the decline of the openness so striking for bosmeri culture . 
  * this concludes the summary on the bosmer of valenwood . 
  these elves are one of the strangest kinds on tamriel . 
  both lazy and brilliant , their mastery of fletching and archery is truly one of the most wonderful on the whole continent . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * welcome back to the fifth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' !, 
  this volume will deal with the dunmer of morrowind . 
  these elves , with their strange appearance and culture are truly an interesting subject of study . 
  without further ado : here is ` ashskinned and ill-favoured ' . 
  the dunmer ( ` dark ' , ` gloomy ' or ` ill-fated people ' ) , or dark elves in the human provinces ( in both cases , dark may refer to more than just ` dark-skinned ' , as the other translations seem to fit dunmeri culture and history well ) , are the ash-skinned elves of the eastern province of morrowind . 
  these elves are noted for their unnerving appearance , and their long history of violence , and , in the past , for their strange religion . 
  as all elves , the dunmer have pointed ears , a respected longevity , a slender and agile build , and a strong affinity to magic . 
  unlike most other elves , they focus on the use of the destruction school of magic , which fits their culture and society well . 
  possibly because of this focus , they have developed noteworthy resistance to fire . 
  they also have the ability to call upon their ancestors protection , in the form of a magical shield or a spirit that helps during combat . 
  this is a result of their ancestor worship . 
  alongside the standard elven traits , they differ in their red eye colour , and their bluish-gray skin tone , which is often seen as eerie by men who see a dark elf for the first time . 
  their physical appearance is part of a curse , laid upon them by the daedric prince azura . 
  the dunmer find their origin in the chimer ( changed ones ) and , ultimately , the aldmer . 
  as mentioned in the volume on the aldmer , the aldmeri culture eventually disbanded . 
  one of the groups that split and went to settle modern day morrowind , were the chimer , led by saint veloth . 
  one of the main reasons of the split lay in the daedra worship , advocated by the chimer , which was met by dismay of the aldmer . 
  when the chimer landed in morrowind , they found their distant cousins the dwemer ( deep ones , referring to their underground cities ) had already settled the land . 
  the next few millennia were filled with conflict with the dwemer and the nords of skyrim . 
  eventually , during the first era , the dunmer , led by the legendary hero-king indoril nerevar ( later saint nerevar ) , and the dwemer , led by dumac dwarf-king , decided to unite , both to bring peace to their people , and to drive the nords from the newly declared land of resdayn . 
  this unity is known as the first council , and brought prosperity to both people . 
  however , after some time past , the chimer started the war of the first council , after voryn dagoth , high councillor of house dagoth , learned that the dwemer were feeding of the heart of lorkhan , an artefact of the et ` ada punished by the aedra , to power a weapon to destroy the chimer . 
  at the height of the war , now general indoril nerevar , and trusted friend voryn dagoth , stormed the red mountain , where the heart was , and fought themselves into the heart chamber . 
  there , chief tonal architect kagrenac used his tools on the heart . 
  what exactly happened , and if it was on purpose , is unknown , yet all dwemer , both in resdayn and in the rest of tamriel , disappeared without a trace . 
  just after the disappearance , dagoth urged the destruction of the heart and the tools , so that no one could temper with such power . 
  nerevar , wanting to council his advisors first , trusted dagoth with protecting the tools . 
  according to the tribunal , after he counselled his advisors , the later tribunal of almalexia , sotha sil and vivec , and the daedra azura , he returned with the tribunal to red mountain , to tell dagoth that the tools were to be kept safe , but never used . 
  dagoth , however , now calling himself dagoth ur , refused to give them back , as he had been experimenting with the tools and the heart , and had been corrupted by it . 
  a battle ensued , which saw the supposed death of dagoth ur and the mortally wounding of indoril nerevar . 
  the ashlanders hold a different tradition . 
  according to them nerevar was murdered by the tribunal , who faked summoning azura . 
  after the murder , azura appeared to curse the chimer , changing them into the dunmer they are now . 
  the tribunal went up and in red mountain to kill dagoth ur . 
  the tribunal , now alone with the heart and the tools , used them to get their immortality , and instituted themselves as the new gods of the dunmer . 
  after some years of studying their newly found powers , the tribunal found the way to regain their original , chimeri appearance , with almalexia appearing completely chimer , vivec having one side golden golden , one side blueish-black , and sotha sil rumoured to be completely dunmeri , as he does n't care much for his appearance . 
  culturally , the dunmer are noted for their violent culture . 
  most dark elves are gifted fighters and destruction mages , and morrowind was the only province under the empire were a assassin 's guild was legal , the morag tong . 
  when a morag tong assassin kills someone as part of his contract and is caught , he only has to show his writ of execution to be left alone . 
  furthermore , the dunmer show a hatred towards outsiders , and often calling them names . 
  originally , the dunmer worshipped three ` good ' daedra , azura , mephala , and boethiah , and despised four others , known as the ` four corners of the house of trouble ' , sheogorath , mehrunes dagon , malcath , and molag bal . 
  after the war of the first council , this was changed to the tribunal worship , where , instead of the three good daedra , the dunmer worshipped their living gods , vivec , almalexia and sotha sil . 
  this also saw the institution of a saint system , where old hero 's as veloth and nerevar were worshipped . 
  they kept the house of troubles , though . 
  the tribunal has never been accepted by the ashlander tribes of vvardenfell , who retained the original daedra and ancestor worship . 
  after the death of the tribunal at the hands of the nerevarine , the reincarnation of indoril nerevar , the dunmer went back to their original daedra worship . 
  the politics of the dunmer are significantly different from the rest of tamriel . 
  since the dunmer were never really conquered by the empire , instead having a treaty which allows them to retain their own laws and structures ( which also makes the existence of the morag tong possible , along with the slave trade ) , politics in morrowind are divided in five great houses , which share resemblance to a clan structure . 
  the houses are hlaalu , redoran , dres , telvanni and indoril . 
  house hlaalu is a house of opportunists . 
  while they held the best contacts with the empire and were noted for their openness ( having the most a non-dunmer councillor ) , they are also partially in charge of the morag tong , which is strongly anti-empire . 
  most hlaalu members get their fortune from trading . 
  house redoran is more traditionally . 
  they did n't despise the empire , but were n't ready to serve it either . 
  redoran members are noted for being extremely honourable , and some of the best soldiers and fighters of morrowind . 
  if redoran is traditional , than house dres is extremely conservative . 
  dres has always resented the empire , and accepting the tribunal is most likely their most progressive move they 've ever made . 
  dres is also the house of the slavers , since their territory is near the border with argonia ( argonians being popular slaves ) . 
  house telvanni is a very xenophobic house , even for dark elven standards . 
  they have always resented the empire , along with all other houses and institutions . 
  the telvanni have almost no history of working together . 
  instead , the mages of telvanni are known to be very individual , almost always concerning themselves just with their own research and progress . 
  the last house , indoril , is the most religious one , and possibly the most important , house of morrowind . 
  since their capital , mournhold , was both the seat of power of the king of morrowind and almalexia of the tribunal , the indoril have always been strongly present all around morrowind . 
  since almelexia took a liking towards the indoril , they have been gaurds of the temples throughout morowind . 
  after the death of the tribunal , the indoril have been somewhat disoriented . 
  after the battle of red mountain , which concluded the war of the first council , there have been some historically interesting things to note . 
  there had been multiple skirmishes with both the alessian empire ( the last year of which is detailed in the book series ' 2920 ' ) and the septim empire . 
  morrowind was the only province not conquered , as the tribunal struck a deal with the empire : they were allowed to keep their laws and customs . 
  in turn , morrowind would pay taxes to the empire , and tiber septim got control of numidium , a dwemer war machine found under red mountain . 
  tiber septim would later use it to take the other provinces . 
  at the end of the third era , the nerevarine surfaced on vvardenfell . 
  after being proclaimed hortator by the houses telvanni , hlaalu , and redoran .
