  this is not truly surprising , as argonians have a vastly different appearance from the other races , and hold no relation to mer and men . 
  as stated , argonians have many reptilian traits , including a scaled skin , reptilian eyes , a long tail , and the ability to breath underwater , as well as a resistance to diseases , which is helpful in the swamps of black marsh . 
  the exact appearance of a argonian is decided by a ritual every argonian undertakes when they are named . 
  the young argonian , appearing as a simple lizard , drinks from the sap of a hist tree . 
  this gives the argonian its identity , and the amount ingested decides the exact form a argonian takes in live , ranging from toad-like to almost human . 
  the importance of the hist ranges further than ` just ' giving a argonian his shape and identity . 
  argonians can feel the hist trees , and when they wander away from black marsh , they feel this link weakening . 
  when a argonian dies , the hist sap in his body makes a ` blueprint ' of the argonians identity and physique , and sends this to the hivemind of the hist , who will use these blueprints for the next young argonian to drink from them , effectively creating a reincarnation cycle . 
  it should be noted that this reincarnation only has effect on the physical aspects of the argonian in question , as his soul itself is not send back . 
  as stated earlier , argonians are not born with the appearance so commonly seen throughout tamriel . 
  instead , they hatch as nothing more than reptiles . 
  this is because neither the eggs , nor the semen can transmit the sap of the hist . 
  because of their reptilian appearance , argonians are often seen as not having any emotion , since their faces lack many muscles and traits common for the other races . 
  this is of course not true , and argonians are able to express simpler emotions ( as anger ) with their face , so much that it is understandable for the other races . 
  the origin of argonians is not well known , but we can assume that it is a lot simpler than with most other races . 
  argonians likely originated from lizards attracted to the sap of the hist . 
  the hist used the shaping properties of their sap to create the argonians , who would serve and protect the hist until death , creating a almost symbiotic relationship between the two . 
  when this happened is unknown , but it happened before the aldmer began exploring the mainland in the mid-merethic era . 
  the religion of the argonians is relatively unknown , and we only know that they venerate two ` beings ' for certain : the hist and sithis . 
  why they venerate the hist is obvious , as they are of utmost importance to argonian life . 
  sithis is a different story all together , and it is unclear what exact role he plays in the argonian pantheon . 
  what is known , however , is that all argonians born under the shadow are taken at birth , and trained to be an assassin . 
  these ` shadowscales ' , as they are called , are then presented to the dark brotherhood , who also venerate sithis . 
  this costum has waned in the fourth era , however . 
  the culture of the argonians is different from the other races of tamriel . 
  most argonians live in tribes , scattered throughout black marsh , with only relatively few living in the cities around the borders and coast . 
  these are also the only area 's where non-argonians can expect a warm welcome , as the argonians are fiercely xenophobic , and will defend their tribe and the hist until death . 
  the hist is incredibly important to the argonians . 
  they venerate them , and have numerous ceremonies surrounding the hist . 
  one of the earliest cave paintings in black marsh show tree-like reptiles ( if this was a different form of argonians , or a way to show their link to the trees , is unknown ) . 
  agonians are also able to feel the connection with the trees if they are near them , and it is not unheard of the trees calling all argonians back to black marsh . 
  the argonians have a nomenclature not unlike the title-system the nords of skyrim use , but with the argonians , these titles encompass the entire name of the child . 
  when a argonian is of a certain age , he or she is allowed to drink from the hist , and receive their argonian shape , as well as their given name . 
  this name is hard to understand for outsiders , as they are only translated in a few cases . 
  when translated , however , it becomes clear that these name tell something about their holder . 
  not a lot is known about the argonian politics . 
  we do know that most argonians are divided in multiple clans , and that the kingdom of argonia exists within the swamps of black marsh . 
  how the tribes relate to each other is unknown . 
  the history of the argonians is one of seclusion . 
  for a long time , the argonians held no contact with the neighbouring provinces . 
  this changed in the late first era , when the imperials started expanding , and laid their eyes upon black marsh . 
  there were repeated skirmishes , until black marsh fell and was incorporated in 1e 2837 . 
  during the second era , the knahaten flu hit black marsh , which killed off practically all non-argonian and non-hist live . 
  it is rumoured that the hist created the flu , but there is no evidence to confirm this claim . 
  after the collapse of the second empire , black marsh was yet again conquered by tiber septim in the late second era . 
  tiber septim wisely avoided instituting too much imperial rule , as the argonians can be ferocious fighters , especially when backed by the hist . 
  the argonians remained part of the empire without noteworthy conflicts , even though the dunmer had been raiding black marsh for years to get slaves . 
  this peace changed after the oblivion crisis . 
  before the conflict , the hist called back all argonians to be shaped into better fighters , as they had seen the oblivion crisis coming . 
  during the crisis , the now newly formed an-xileel party acted as the lieutenants of the hist , and the argonians flooded the oblivion gates with such numbers and ferocity that dagon had to order all gates closed . 
  since black marsh received no help from the empire and its legion , they decided to became independent , becoming the first province to do so . 
  soon after the crisis and the collapse of the empire , the province of morrowind was seriously sundered from the red year , and the argonians saw this as a excellent opportunity to take revenge for the years of slavery forced upon them by the dunmer . 
  they took morrowind and drove most dunmer out of morrowind , making them flee to cyrodiil , skyrim and solstheim . 
  this further strengthened the position of a independent black marsh , as well as the political position of the an-xileel . 
  early in the fourth era the an-xileel were tricked by a rogue hist tree , and summoned the floating city of umbriel , which caused a enormous loss of life everywhere where it flew over , including the city of lilmoth . 
  the an-xileel , however , found out about the deception , and fought off the flying city , while retaining their political position in argonia . 
  * the argonians are a curious race indeed . 
  there relation with the hist is almost symbiotic , and even though they are fiercely xenophobic , it is rumoured that a argonian is incredibly loyal to his friends , and gladly dies for them . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * welcome back to the tenth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume is designed as a short explanation on the history and origin of men . 
  while there is not much known about it ( as opposed to the origin of mer ) , there have been interesting theories in recent times . 
  the origin of men has been subject of much debate recently . 
  new views and theories have been presented to replace the older , possibly wrong origin theory . 
  first , we will take a look at the traditional view , followed by the new theories . 
  traditionally , it was believed that the bretons , nords and imperials descend from the nedes . 
  these early humans were said to have come from atmora , and pushed outwards from skyrim to the south and the west , settling in high rock and cyrodiil . 
  the redgaurds came later , from the continent of yokuda , and it was thought that they held no further link to the other races of men than their appearance . 
  the nedes lived in cyrodiil and high rock as slaves under the elves ( the ayleids and the aldmer , respectively ) . 
  after years , the different groups of nedes would become the now extant races of men , which will be discussed in later issues . 
  where the kothringi tie in , is unknown, 
  as believable as this theory might sound , it has been shown in recent years that this is not the case . 
  the only reason why we still see this wrong history used , is because of the supremacy of the imperial geographical society , who are too self-absorbed to admit their wrong thesis . 
  younger scholars have , however , in recent years , come up with a new theory , which not only ties in the redgaurds , but also the races of mer . 
  according to this newer theory , the ehlnofey split at some point , forming the old ehlnofey ( who became aldmer , the ancestors of all mer ) , and the wanderers ( who became the races of men ) . 
  the wanderers scattered over tamriel , and some of them travelled to atmora and yokuda . 
  the ones that remained became the nedes , those that left the proto-nords and the proto-redgaurds , or yokudans . 
  the kothringi settled in black marsh , while the nedes settled in cyrodiil and high rock , and mostly lived in tribal communities . 
  the nedes became slaves of the local elves , and after some time the bretons originated out of mer-men interbreeding , and the imperials originated in cyrodiil ( the amounts of interbreeding , if any , are unknown ) . 
  this theory is much wider than the original one , and explains a lot the older one did not . 
  first off , it gives a tie-in for the redgaurds , making them full-fledged men . 
  furthermore , it explains the fact that men share the same intelligence as all other races . 
  since the mer originate from aedra , and the argonians get their sentience from the hist trees and their almost infinite knowledge , it is hard to imagine a other , independent group of creatures to develop the same intelligence without ( almost ) divine help or heritage . 
  the last thing it explains is more historical in nature : while we know that the first settlers from atmora ferociously fought to secure their new-found land from the local elven inhabitants , the nedes lived as slaves . 
  it is strange to think of a race of fighters submitting to slavery , while their cousins in skyrim were still free . 
  the new theory explains this with the nedes not being the same race as the nords . 
  all in all , even though the new theory does not find wide-spread acclaim and support , it does give a rounder background , and a more satisfying explanation . 
  * while these two theories are interesting and credible , some caution should be taken : most human origin myths are either contradicting , or do not explain the exact origin of men . 
  it is possible that one of these theories is right , or that non of them are . 
  still , a basic understanding is required to fully understand the culture and history of the races of men . 
  * welcome back to the eleventh volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this is the first volume which deals with races of men , centring on the bretons of high rock . 
  without further ado , here is ` the man-mer of high rock *, 
  the bretons of high rock are the most interesting race of men , because of both their calmer nature than the other men , and because of their very curious ancestry . 
  in appearance , bretons are almost indistinguishable from the imperials from cyrodiil . 
  they are slightly less muscular ( especially compared to the redgaurds and nords ) as they do not focus on combat . 
  instead , bretons are known as philosophers , politicians , and craftsmen , and are regarded as some of the best battlemages in tamriel . 
  this position as expert mages is partially due to the calmer nature of the bretons , which enables them to study more , and because of their stronger affinity to magicka , which is one of the remains of their meric heritage .
