  of course . 
  i gather the scrolls hold all knowledge , in one way or the other . 
  thing is , the prophecy most people know is n't from the scrolls , but from a different tradition ( in this case the blades/dragonguard ), 
  what i like about water polo , is that a lot of people seem to think it is a sport for pussies , while it is one of the harder games i know of . 
  oooh , fancy, 
  i would n't discard the dragon-break theory that quick . 
  while the talos cult might have had some support , the lack of real influence ( how strong that might have been for an aedra ) might have disencouraged most people . 
  the dragon break might have caused the presence of the talos oversoul as a powerful aedra as always there , much like the marukhati dragon break with the identity of akatosh . 
  the game daggerfall would then give us a window into a slightly different timeline , one where talos was not yet the god he is since morrowind . 
  the imperial policy did n't even reach the borders of cyrodiil . 
  the argonians and khajiit in leyawiin are still regarded as second class citizens ( mostly ) . 
  the imperials came up with the idea of equality ( still , the racial difference in tamriel is much , much bigger than in our world , where the use of the word ` race ' is dubious ) because it strengthened the empire . 
  it is a technique used by many real world leaders . 
  if you accept people from everywhere , you can use them to help build up an empire . 
  the tamrielic empire could use the redguard and orcish soldiers , the artists of the summerset isles and high rock , and the skills of every other race on tamriel . 
  in short : you should n't think of the equality in tamriel as a notion of ` all races are equal ( like in the west nowadays ) , but more as a tool to build up an empire ( like in the roman era ) . 
  it is ( for as far as i know ) legal in all provinces . 
  it is now definitly legal in morrowind , as it is their core religion . 
  in most other provinces , it is allowes but very much looked down upon . 
  as a result , there groups like the vigilantes can exist . 
  if there was to be a province where it would be illegal , it would be the summerset isles , but to my knowledge , there is no such law . 
  really now ? 
  i was always under the impression that just the worship of the house of troubles was illegal ( or at least enough reason to socially excommunicate someone ) . 
  non of these stories are true . 
  sithis is nothing , absolutely nothing . 
  he is a personification of the void , the emptiness outside of everything . 
  but a personification does not hold any form of power in itself . 
  the dark brotherhood refer to him as some kind of god , but that is most likely mephala expanding the factions aligned to her ( like the morag tong ) under the cover of sithis . 
  ` the night mother 's truth ' states that the night mother was the highest ranking morag tong assassin , and that way the favoured of mephala . 
  i will dig a bit deeper , if i can find anything . 
  you always play the game, 
  i think he only appears as breton , and is , in fact , a sort of daedroth . 
  sheogorath has , of course not ` blessed ' him with insanity , since that would mess up his realm too bad . 
  like alanwpeterson said , he is an extension of sheogorath , and is bound to/part of the realm . 
  you 're making some awful misstakes here . 
  first of , women are n't treated ` like garbage ' and the way they treat old people has a reason . 
  orc culture is incredibly tribal . 
  everything that happens should be to help the tribe as a whole . 
  women have a very important role in this , as the wives of the chieftain are hunters , smiths , and healers ; all important to keep the tribe alive . 
  furthermore , there are two reasons you do n't see that many old orcs . 
  firstly , they simply ca n't grow that old due to their curse , and secondly , in a orcish society , you do have nothing to offer if you 're old . 
  this is due to the very physical nature of the chores in the camp . 
  if you ca n't contribute , you are waying everyone down . 
  now that that 's cleared up , to answer your question : you can say that it is at least a bit on purpose . 
  i would n't say ` in their nature ' , but it would certainly be influenced by the worship of malacath , the prince of outcast . 
  another important thing here is the pride of orcs : they , like all races , think themselves the better . 
  o , and very importantly , they have been treated like second-class citizens for a very long time . 
  combine this with the violence commited against the city state of orsinium , and you 'll get a general idea of why orcs seclude themselves mostly . 
  to add to thenerdler 's comment : history does n't work with the concept of ` benificial ' . 
  things like religion , identity , and pride are generally speaking more important to a group ( `` why should i care for them ? '' ) . 
  both our and the tes universe would be much better places if the common good was central . 
  they would definitly be able ( with basicly unlimited power ) , but the main question would be if they wanted to . 
  with the relation between jyggalag and sheogorath i think it is safe to say that sheo does , to some extent , as a understanding of the works of order , and how that would benefit his realm . 
  maybe alduin did n't directly take part in creation , but aka-tusk , the oversoul of which alduin is part , did . 
  aka-tusk got split/shatterd in multiple parts duebto the nature of mythopoeia . 
  alduin became the undoing of the kalpa , but even if his sphere is directly linked to the nature of mundus , it does not make him daedric by definition . 
  and if he is phadomaic in nature , it certainly would n't make him less aedric . 
  the notion that daedra are phadomaic and aedra anuic is bullshit . 
  things did n't happen in a stream as we would recognise it , but some events were definitly caused by other things . 
  honoustly , non-linear events is something human minds can hardly wrap themselves around . 
  sky travel watch , the . 
  yeah !, 
  waar is ` ie ? 
  i do n't think talos used hate to reach chim . 
  you 'll need love after all . 
  while there is of course the need to break free from mundus , i would n't call it hate . 
  furthermore , while hjalti was born in alcaire , he was n't breton , since his name and abilities in the voice seem to indicate that he was a nord . 
  lastly , even if the hate and love for mundus were to be combined , it would n't solve the schism . 
  we see that , despite escaping mundus like the elves wang , talos is still hated by a lot of mer , especially the altmer . 
  in short : it seems a bit to easy to say that the apotheosis of talos is the solution to a era-old conflict . 
  a dragon break is when the time god gets broken , making time stop going linear , and having all possible events happen at the same time . 
  examples are the battle at red mountain , the warp in the west , and what happenned with akatosh after the marukhati danced on top of the tower . 
  [ ] ( / alert ), 
  the dragon loses his influence over the flow of time of mundus . 
  if it is a ` breaking ' of his power , or the time god getting broken literally , i do not know , but more often than not you should take things in tes lore literaly . 
  the grim creeper ... 
  i see what you did there, 
  would the empire and the thalmor be able to apply miasma ? 
  i have never heard of it before ( i have n't played skyrim nearly as much as i should have ) , and definitely not heard of it used to influence a conflict or war . 
  would n't the user need the blessing of vaermina to use it ? 
  like mr_flippers already said , comparisons are always hard to make , but i would say that they most likely resemble the ira . 
  they want to retake land ruled over by a foreign power , and are shunned by their own people ( much like the ira in the republic of ireland ) . 
  and , like the ira , they get most of their funds and supplies from banditry/crime . 
  yes and no . 
  there are many conflicting sources in the tes universe , with examples being the redguards not being related to the other races of men , men being created ( instead of being degraded gods , like the elves ) , alduin being worshipped similair in skyrim to akatosh in cyrodiil , etc. 
  what is important , however , is that things we ( irl ) used to explain our world , are real in the tes universe . 
  gods show themselves , there are people who can use magic , portals from ` hell ' open . 
  a reincarnation of a mythic hero comes along and destroys a demon and three gods . 
  with groups like the mage 's guild , the college of winterhold , and the psjijic order , who are doing serious science/magic , stating the same things , we should accept it as true . 
  not everyone speaks english . 
  most people in nort-western europe have good to average english skills , but outside of those countries , the level drasticaly drops . 
  try to have some pocket dictionaries on you . 
  for as far as i know , time suddenly regathers itself , with the chaos created by the break turning into a new status quo , how weird that status quo might seem ( like with the warp in the west ) . 
  it is not always as clear though , as dragon breaks can work retroactively ( like with the marukhati dragon break ) . 
  getting mad ? 
  that is not what i am used to of this forum , and frankly , i do not see the need to get angry . 
  if someone is right ( even against your liking ) you drop it , and if he is wrong you correct him . 
  why is that so hard ? 
  but anyway , like what cryx-hat asked : what sparked it ? 
  you 're now tretching on one of the hardest questions in philosophy , both in tes and irl .
