  the altmer might worship only six of those , but that does n't mean they are oblivious to the rest . 
  the dwemer are a good example herein . 
  they were fully aware of the daedra and aedra , but they would never worship them . 
  interesting thought . 
  come to think of it , men are the ultimate mortals , letting behind all obsession with achieving immortality or divinity . 
  they are flesh and realise this ( just like lorkhan is flesh ) . 
  and the instrument of flesh is , of course , the voice . 
  also , nice tie-in with sword-singing . 
  i was certain there was a metaphysical meaning behind it , but i could never point it out . 
  first of , skyrim is just the fifth installment . 
  the series is named the elder scrolls . 
  a quick summary of the lore is impossible to give ( it 's huge ) . 
  try looking at ues . 
  they have a lot of good articles on the lore of the series . 
  also , check the imperial library . 
  they have out of game texts as well . 
  if you have other questions , feel free to ask them here ob the subreddit . 
   implying they will actually do anything, 
  dude ... they 're women ... 
  two additions : they also slammed in shezzar into akatosh , causing his schizophrenia , and imga are still alive , we just do n't hear a lot about them . 
  it is a old word in tamrielic . 
  it first appeared in imperio-nedic as * samon * , lend from the breton word * saumon * . 
  most scholars think it comes from the ehlnofex word salmo , which was the leaper demon king 's nickname in middle school, 
  oblivion is the various planes of the daedric princes , and generally the unoccupied ` space ' in the aurbis . 
  the different planes are the realms of the daedric princes , the moghtiest of the daedra . 
  the only real destinction between aedra and daedra is if they contributed to creation or not . 
  or nerevar 's ? 
  there is a lot of live on the other continents . 
  atmora is frozen over nowadays , so its hard to say what still lives there ( giants is my guess ) . 
  yokuda was destroyed , but there still are some people living on the orichalc islands . 
  pyandonea has at least the maormer and ( semi - ) intelligent sea serpents . 
  akavir has a bigger ( known ) biodiversity , with the tsaeci , ka po'tun , kamal , and tang mo ( and most likely a variety of less intelligent animals and creatures ) . 
  also , cyrus took it up with tiber septim , another dragonborn , and ` grabbed the dragon 's voice ' ( i.e. 
  throat-punched tiber to shut him up ) . 
  being able to shout armies and cities apart wo n't stop the god of make-way . 
  some parts of yokuda remain , though . 
  there are still people on the orichalc islands . 
  also , is thras raised again ? 
  i was under the impression the sload just left it underwater ( being amphibious and all ) . 
   what are some theories/apocrypha you 're working on, 
  i 'm working on something along the lines of that ` yokudan history ' post from a while back , but then from a nord and dunmer perspective ( although i 'm kind of stuck on the dunmer part ) . 
  might do something with imperial and altmeri later on . 
   what games have you been playing lately . 
  a shitload of aoe ii and mass effect . 
  i should still get my xbox live working ( hell i 've been playing xbox 360 for years now without it , but since i got most dlc with the game , i might want to reconsider ) . 
  can confirm ... no , really , can confirm this wo n't work . 
  not at all . 
  do n't consider it . 
  i 'm serious . 
  congrats to avian !, 
  a lot of stuff from one person for one weeks time . 
  i have been less active for the past two weeks , and still will be for another two weeks , as i have to finish a paper for my last year of high school . 
  it is due in two weeks time , but i am only 25 % done at the time ... and i still have to read three or four books for it . 
  so i 'll be back in some time . 
  o no , i would be doing noric and dunmeri history , but the problem is that i want to experiment with style , and that is kind of holding me back right now, 
  that depends . 
  era 's are declared by an important historical event . 
  the first era started with the founding of the camoran dynasty . 
  the second era started with reman cyrodiil claiming the throne of the empire , the third with tiber septim uniting tamriel , and the fourth with the death of the last septim emperor . 
  they very in length greatly . 
  the first era lasted for almost three millenia , while the third ended in its fifth century . 
  oops , you 're right , my bad . 
  aka is mostly unconscious . 
  he himself is n't insane . 
  he was susceptible to mythopoeia due to creation , and he further shattered when he body-slammed into mundus for convention . 
  akatosh , on the other hand , is truly insane , due to the marukhati selective . 
  during the middle-dawn , they pulled auri-el out of their time-god , and slammed in shezzar , creating akatosh . 
  because aka and lorkhan are opposing forces ( aka is anuic , and lorkhan padomaic ) , akatosh became schizophrenic . 
  the creation of nirn does not repeat . 
  convention , the meeting of the aedra to punish lorkhan and institute linearity , does . 
  i disagree . 
  the problem here is that most people in the tes universe do not fully see the difference between evil and necessity . 
  dagon does not destroy because he wants suffering . 
  he does it because it is his nature , and destruction is necessary for change . 
  because of dagon 's destruction , there is room for change and improvement . 
  just because something burns down , does not mean it is necessarily a bad thing . 
  i take ` blood ' as a more metaphorical term . 
  when someone in real life would say : `` i have german blood '' , they do n't refer to real blood , of course , but to genes ( i do n't know if their is actually anything like real life genes in the tes universe , but you get the point ) . 
  it is probably used as an opposite of heavens here , and does n't really refer to our own planet . 
  still , that works different from real-life biology . 
  talos took over lorkhan 's sphere , making hi a second lorkhan ( or very similar ) as the god of men . 
  lorkhan is an extremely padomaic character , wanting change ( and absolute change is chaos ) , so talos wants that as well , having the same sphere . 
  tamrielic is the common language in the empire , and is a slightly altered version of cyrodiilic ( similar to how koin\u00e8 greek was an altered version of attican greek , irl ) . 
  most cultures have their own original language , but most have disappeared since the founding of the third empire ( possible exception being ta'agra and jell ) . 
  the dragon language is used ceremoniously by the grey beards , and ehlnofex has all but disappeared ( although the usage in the nu-mantia intercept seems to hint at a similar position as latin in western culture : dead , but widly studied ) . 
  the literacy would be surprisingly high . 
  we see many notes left behind by bandits , and while this might be for game-play purposes , it is also our only lead into the literacy rate in tamriel . 
  but he did uphold mundus , which is bassicly a floating , slowly shape-shifting ball of inprobability . 
  you can say all you like about talos , but he likes his change . 
  a kalpa is not the same as a new creation . 
  a kalpa is a cycle , starting at convention ( not creation ) , and ending with alduin eating the world ( of course , this kalpa is the exception ) . 
  we do know that a new dream can originate within the dream . 
  that is the purpose of the amaranth . 
  this is not in a sense of multiple dreams in linear sequence , one after the other , but more or less inception like ( dream within a dream ) . 
  we already know that there is at least one dream above the current world , and that there will be one within this dream . 
  but a creation by a divine being would result in him surrounding himself with his world , while the godhead surrounds the dream . 
  dream is the closest comparison with a figment of imagination in an unconscious mind . 
  he 's an easter egg , nothing more . 
  bethesda made him to make joking references to fan speculation , gaming , and the community . 
  ancestot moths are n't reincarnated ancestors .
