  ^ 1 : use drugs responsibly kids !, 
  edit : damn , i was higher than i thought writing this down . 
  shit takes a long time to go down on , apparantly . 
  it 's really nice in a calm and relaxed environment ( so not during a rave ) . 
  the problem is that m in pill form ( xtc ) is often mixed with amphetimines . 
  we had some pretty pure powder , so that was n't really a problem . 
  i felt really euphoric , and if everything and everyone was absolutely balanced and ok . 
  there is mention of nordic soldiers in the song . 
  from volume 4 , on his deeds :, 
   [ ... ] where perrif 's falconers had sent for the nords , and they , looking at him , said that shor had returned , but he spat at their feet for profaning that name . 
  house martell - unfucked , unc0da , uncannon . 
  no , no . 
  the dreamer does n't really fit in that comparison . 
  the dreamer basically a very bad conductor , who can faintly remember the tune . 
  the orchestra ( all the forces , sapient and insapient ) variate and improvise on what he is trying to have them play . 
  tonal architecture is a way to play on the instruments . 
  it is using the very fabric of music to make something or change something . 
  the best real world analogy would be applied science or something similar . 
  you are using the basic building stones and processes of the universe to build or change things . 
  also , i would recommend reading [ this ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1oybze/aurbis_the_musical/ ) . 
  ysmir is the bearded king , and always a tongue . 
  ot is unclear if all shezzarines were dragonborn . 
  at least , i have n't found anything in the song of pelinal . 
  the orcs in skyrim generally take to themselves . 
  they are not particularly welcomed by the nords ( but who is ? 
  ) , but it does n't seem that anyone deciding to leave a stronghold is shunned . 
  it should be noted that the reclusion is preferred by most , with the whole pariah thing and malacath looking over them . 
  female orcs are almost equal to the men . 
  they hunt , cook , and collect , and it is pretty rare to see a male do the smithing . 
  however , all women in a tribe are either the daughters , wives , or the mother of the chief , who has the sole right to offspring . 
  also , chiefs are allowed to have multiple wives , each with a different role in the stronghold . 
  apology for poor english, 
  when were you when / r/tselore dies ? 
  i was sat at home eating kwama cum when truestl ring . 
  `` lore is kill '', 
  i normally think of pelinal as a incredibly dangerous loose cannon . 
  he is the prime example of dangerous insanity . 
  as you already pointed out , he shares the madness of aka and lorkhan due to their conjoint nature . 
  both of these beings , however , are relatively pro-creation ( especially lorkhan ; aka depends a bit on culture , but most do recognise his continued involvement in the mortal plane ) . 
  i do n't know any reference to earthquakes or such directly , but volcanic eruptions , storms and tsunamis and the likes are recorded . 
  while standard physics and geology often does n't hold true for nirn , there is a underlying clockwork ( literally ) to nirn , namely the wheels of lull and the earthbones . 
  most of those things seem to be caused by gods or mages screwing around , though . 
  in the daedric realms ( or the aedric bodies , for that matter ) they do n't appear , i 'd wager . 
  those realms are the literal bodies of the daedra or aedra in question , so they should be a lot more predictable than nirn , which is n't the direct sphere or being of a god . 
  considering the first part , yeah , it does seem to be pretty accurate . 
  still , the role of gods should not be underestimated ( as the cataclysmal eruption of red mountain was a direct result of vivec fucking with the ministry of truth ) . 
  for the second part , i agree that mehrunes dagon would most likely have natural disasters in his realm , as it fits his sphere , but i have one question on the quote :, 
   but oblivion is said to be more chaotic right ? 
  where did you find that ? 
  it might not adhere to the same rules as mundus , but daedra are n't necessarily more chaotic or padomaic than aedra , or nirn . 
  in fact , mundus is the most chaotic realm of them all , as it is the centre of anu and padomay overlapping , and stasis and change together form possibility . 
  everything can happen . 
  magic mushrooms all the way . 
  i 'm probably on a list now just for reading this ... 
  then it was quiet again . 
  my priest had taken his shirt off and was pouring sujamma on his chest , to facilitate the tanning process . 
  `` what in oblivion are you yelling about ? '', 
  he muttered , staring at the sun with his eyes closed and covered with wraparound summerset sunglasses . 
  `` never mind , '' i said . 
  `` it 's your turn to drive . '', 
  i hit the brakes and aimed the great red sunbird toward the shoulder of the road . 
  no point mentioning the cliffracers , i thought . 
  the poor n'wah will see them soon enough . 
  a folk hero . 
  one that gets mentioned in rumours or books , perhaps . 
  at least the events of the main quests will get mentioned . 
  other than that , probably nothing . 
  tes heroes generally disappear after the events of the games . 
  the disappearance of both vivec and the nerevarine are mentioned in rumors . 
  i think the reappearance of the dragons would be pretty big news throughout the continent . 
  tamriel is surprisingly well connected . 
  landfall is when nirn basically ceases to be fit for inhabitation . 
  the only source on landfall is `` the prophet of landfall '' by mk ( i 'm a bit too drunk to google it right now ) . 
  the numidium will reappear after fighting the mirror logicians of the altmer , and fuck shit up . 
  the next text in the timeline is c0da , which depicts nirn as only the wheels of lull , which are a framework of gears under the surface of nirn . 
  sort of long story , and i 'm drunk , so try to stick with me . 
  initially , during primary school , i was the bullied guy . 
  i would explode at the first hint . 
  primary was a fucking hell for me . 
  when i went to secondary , i met people who were more ` like me ' ( if that is the right term ) . 
  people who were willing to come out for their interests , and who had respect for whatever you could do right , if it was drinking or playing the triangle , or whatever . 
  during this period , i kind of felt more comfortable with myself . 
  when i started my study , i moved from home . 
  my social surrounding stayed sort of the same ( still most people respected me for what i could ) , and i noticed that my surroundings in my youth were a tad different . 
  where i lived ( rotterdam , the netherlands ) , having a big mouth was basically the only way to get around . 
  in my current home town , and where my entire social live is now , people are a bit more hesitant with voicing their opinions and their views towards live . 
  my advice ? 
  do n't be afraid to open your mouth . 
  even if that is scary , alcohol ( even though that can have horrible repercussions ) can help . 
  in my early days in my current social group , i was the drunk idiot . 
  you should be vocal about what you think and what you want , but do n't get arrogant . 
  when push comes to shove , put your money where your mouth is . 
  generally , i 'm a pretty anxious guy . 
  i am sometimes silent , or explosive , but i tend to not be very present in conversations and i hate that . 
  when i 'm drunk , i 'm extremely vocal . 
  i start conversations or join them , and start yelling about how my home town is the best in the country , even though most do n't like it . 
  when i 'm stoned , i generally do n't really bother with being social . 
  i like to listen to people , but i do n't join them . 
  sometimes that 's annoying ( which is the primary reason i do n't smoke weed that much anymore ) . 
  not gibberish , but just ... nonsensical ?
