  the psijics do n't like the thalmor . 
  the pge third edition makes mention of this . 
  when shit started hitting the fan at the end of the third era ( the beautiful , sepration movements and public outcry ) , the psijics recruited many more pupils than they normally did , mostly because they were popular with the imperialised youths . 
  still though , the psijics have always stayed away from politics , and theyare not a militarist order ( they are mysticists , after all ) . 
  when they are put in a tight corner , they simply disappear , literally . 
  i do n't see them go into open conflict with the thalmor . 
  they will more than likely , however , assist people workinv against the thalmor ( as during the college questline in skyrim ) . 
  i ca n't really think of an example other than the arena in the ic . 
  it would n't be too farfetched to assume hippic sports , athletics , and wrestling to be common throughout the provinces . 
  there might also be ball games ( although i ca n't recall seeing an actual ball in any tes game , hmm ) . 
  other than that , i would really love for the reachmen to play hurling , but that is just my fanfiction :p, 
  do n't forget horkers . 
  they lay a lot on the beaches , but they hunt in water . 
  what 's better for the saturalia spirit than a story of backstabbing ? 
  ( or monster hunting , for that matter  ), 
  redguards are really men , and the entire history of men is different from what the pge said . 
  initially , both men and mer were one , united as the ehlnofey . 
  the two groups eventually split over ideological differences . 
  the elves remained in tamriel ( probably summerset , but that is a bit unclear ) , and the men scattered . 
  the nedes remained on tamriel , but other groups fled to atmora and yokuda ( and possibly akavir ) . 
  the main reason redguards are seen as different is due to their relative isolation . 
  the atmorans were relative early settlers , and they had exstensive contact with the nedic tribes . 
  eventually , the nords were often the military backbone of the empire . 
  the redguards came very late ( in the late first era ) , and remained unassociated with the empire for a long time . 
  another important difference is that the redguards are n't positive about their aspect of lorkhan . 
  sep is a dangerous force in their religion , as opposed to shor or shezzar , who are both heroes . 
  to be fair , the reman emperors had already build bases on the moons ( look in the pocket guides for this ) , so it is not that strange to find people there . 
  giant space moths with castles on their backs . 
  what ? 
  did you think they would simply climb up there ? 
  only khajiit do that . 
  it is n't really a joke . 
  the khajiit climbed to one of the moons . 
  that they can do it is mentioned in `` words of clan mother ahnissi '' . 
  it was mentioned somewhere that they actually did it , but i ca n't find that . 
  you probably think i 'm taking a piss with you , but trust me , tes shit gets weird some time . 
  that 's the right quote !, 
  i guess the downvotes were a bandwagon thing . 
  i accidently hit the downvote button on my own post . 
  it is because the - chen suffix ( denoting diminutives ) makes words neuter . 
  the same happened in dutch with `` de meid '' ( de being a gendered article , meaning the noun is either feminine or masculine ) , which became `` het meisje '' ( het being the neuter article , and - je being the diminutive ending ) . 
  i do n't know why it went like that . 
  it used to be common to give girls a diminutive version of a male name as first name , though , but that practise has been dropped almost completely . 
  `` meid '' is sometimes used , but its use is very restricted . 
  the magna-ge are basically cut off from mundus , but there is some interaction . 
  first of , as ngasts pointed out already , the light of aetherius lights mundus . 
  also , the mnemoli are somewhat present , keeping records of the events of mundus , and recording them in the elder scrolls . 
  there is no direct intervention , though , and i have n't heard of any avatars wandering around . 
  she was cast out by magnus , supposedly . 
  it 's a bit weird to count her as a daedra , but she resides in oblivion , so o well . 
  mnemoli is a blue star that is said to appear during dragon breaks . 
  according to a log by mk ( the one which gave rise to the `` aurbis-is-music '' theory , which you should definitly look up ) , she/it/they are used by magnus in order to record what is happening in mundus . 
  he was the one that designed the place , after all . 
  languages have changed . 
  most of the languages we know were derived from/descendants of ehlnofex . 
  they are vastly different from that now . 
  there is also mentioning of translations from older times , as in father of the niben , or the song of pelinal . 
  the difference is less clear as it is in our world . 
  where we only have a handfull of different words in placenames and nomenclature in tes ( hardly usable for a linguist ) , our world has had a literary tradition for centuries ( or when looking at europe , millennia ) . 
   only the eight and one know how i 'm going to topple ifw and mr_flippers from their thrones . 
  cough cough , motherfucker . 
  i 'm one behind flippers is all i know . 
  edit : trying to search for a tally of sotw 's xeno had ( the one that put me one behind flippers ) made me realise that that list was posted at least three months ago , and is probably not really accurate anymore . 
  do you have a tally of sotw 's , please ? 
  pretty please ? 
  i might be misremembering . 
  i could swear you posted a tally some time ago in a community thread . 
  that was how i knew i was one behind flippers ( at the time , at least ) . 
  i 'm probably thinking of something else than . 
  thanks xeno !, 
  i 'm actually surprised that people like rd and myrr ` only ' have three sotw 's . 
  they been here a bit longer than i have , i figured . 
  congrats to ngasta !, 
  also , a belated merry christmas to all of you . 
  and an early happy new year . 
  so yesterday the first snow finally fell here . 
  problem was , it was about 1 degree celsius . 
  it went about as well as you would expect ... 
  bigger problem : it is actually freezing now , so everything is slippery as fuck outside . 
  another excuse to stay inside and play games the entire day . 
  there are some avatars spread through the games . 
  talos and mara have one each in morrowind at least . 
  there is surprisingly little written about the seas . 
  here are some things from the top of my head :, 
  * giant sea serpents : these were used by the maormer of pyandonea . 
  i do n't have much more about them . 
  * dreugh : some say they are from a previous kalpa ( vivec , most notably ) , others say they were altmer mages left in that shape . 
  they are more intelligent than they appear , and are a huge pain in the ass when swimming . 
  * mora : according to khajiit religion , he controls the tides . 
  probably the earliest hint at water = memory . 
  * thras : the underwater coral kingdom of the sload . 
  it used to be above the sea , but was sunk by the all-flags navy during the thrassian plague . 
  at least the khajiit , imperials , altmer , and a bunch of pirates from hammerfell went to the moons before the third era . 
  the dunmer and hist also have voidships , but when and how they were developed is not clear . 
  the forsworn are sort of difficult . 
  i always see the bone weapons and the rags as more of an allusion to their ancient history than as `` local state-of-the-art '' , mostly because the people in places like markarth and karthwasten do n't seem to be that far behind the rest of skyrim . 
  hargraven , while not really unique to the reach , seem to have played an important cultural/religious role in reach culture . 
  they are involved in the creation of briarhearts , the most famous one being the local mythical hero red eagle . 
  they might also have done some sort of lorekeeping for the reachmen , but to my knowledge nothing has been said to that extend . 
  the important thing is that the forsworn are n't epinomous with the reachmen .
