  historical linguistics is interesting , and language reconstruction would be awesome ( a lot of the ancestral languages ( like proto-indo-european ) were already extinct before any writing system came to the area . 
  otherwise , mediavism ( studying medieavel literature ) seems great . 
  there are a lot of irish and welsh epics , along with huge amounts of poetry . 
  i always get excited when translating the real text in classical greek ( on my school i either have to do latin or greek ) . 
  still , i will have to work really hard if i want a research position . 
  not a lot of places , and it is n't something you can get rich with . 
  but it is , at least in my opinion , a lot of fun . 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves ; i need to start the study first . 
  but a doctorate would be awesome , and bookwriting is bassicly why i post all these posts here . 
  i 'm thinking of utrecht university . 
  it is the only place on mainland europe ( for as far as i know ) that offers courses in celtic languages . 
  that , and you can study two subjects without extra costs , so i might be able to do both . 
  anyway , enough about me . 
  how did you get to political science ? 
  deus ex is brilliant !, 
  i loved the original one ( i wo n't talk about invisible war ) . 
  human revolution was a bit weak for a deus ex game , but still far above par in my book . 
  i agree . 
  hr had enough different paths and augmentations to give it replayability , iw did not . 
  i have very fond memories of that game . 
  i agree , it is incredibly and surprisingly fun, 
  my bad . 
  but shouts are known to have changed landscapes, 
  also my favourite , but yes , i said ` non-tes ' . 
  played the hell out of those . 
  i am particularly fond of bioware rpg 's ( even though ea does a good job at raping them ) . 
  the worlds are very well put together , and the backstories of all the companions are amazing . 
  it is also about destroying a symbol . 
  wiping away all things falmer shows the nordic supremacy . 
  never underestimate the importance of symbolics, 
  i 'm wondering : are you subscribed to other subreddits focused on debating ? 
  and i 'm back again after a week of ireland . 
  what 'd i miss ? 
  i agree with you . 
  a lot of people do n't understand what kind of a tool texts are . 
  if you can change the facts ( like exaggerating them ) , you can put your own group or opinion in a better light . 
  it seems that there has to be at least someone on this subreddit replying while drunk . 
  if it 's not me , than mojo . 
  mk being drunk actually explains a lot, 
  that is true . 
  however , i chose to stick with the official history/legend . 
  i may add the other history as well at a later point . 
  i actually have never heard about tiber 's throat getting cut . 
  you happen to have a source at hand ? 
  irc the empire started negotiations , to retain some form of sovereignty and dignity . 
  might need to look that one up . 
  edit : looked up the sources . 
  the most prominent source is [ this ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_great_war_ ( book ) ) , which is a imperial account . 
  if true , it would still mean the empire had a pyrrhic victory , and the same book states that titus mede ii had to negotiate ( hinting that he started negotiating himself ), 
  edit 2 : because of the url the uesp page uses , the above link does n't work . 
  the full link is : http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_great_war_ ( book ), 
  hmm , it seems that this is more myth than fact , but i might consider it . 
  still , the pge is notoriously inaccurate . 
  yeah just found that . 
  i will add this, 
  while point three might be true irl , we should still consider it canon , and as such either theory 1 or 2 are possible . 
  seeing haskill 's quote that time is ` strange ' in the isles , makes me believe point 2 is the right theory ( that , or he is mentioning a distorted sense of time , due to insanity ), 
  first off , lorkhan was killed directly after the creation of mundus . 
  the ehlnofy might had already settled , but the ehlnofey war had definitly not happened by then . 
  second , i would n't call shezzarines gods . 
  they were/are aspects of lorkhan , appearing as men . 
  third , i would n't call akatosh a elven god ( i made the same misstake a couple of weeks ago ) . 
  he is another aspect of the oversoul aka . 
  while in some way linked to auri-el , they are not the same person . 
  while auri-el is an elven god ( the aspect responsible for fixing time ) , akatosh ( embodying all of time ) is a human god , and blessed the emperors , not subdued them . 
  while it is a popular theory that the ayleids venerated daedra , it is more probable that daedra worship was an exception . 
  the ayleids were known to venerate their ` ancestors ' ( if this is ancestor worship as in morrowind ( direct ancestors ) or as in the summerset isles ( aedra ) is up to debate . 
  along with this , there are multiple statues seen in oblivion which portray birds and warriors with bows and shields ( all of which are symbols of auri-el ) . 
  along with this it is known that the ayleids also venerated magnus . 
  in short : daedra worship would bot be an excuse for destroying them ( although , the deal umaril made with vaermina might have something to do with it ), 
  the aedra are dedinitly real , but are far weaker than the daedra , as they were sundered during mundus ' creation . 
  since then , they only existed as mythopoeic ( not sure if i spelled it correctly ) beings , which means that they only exist as long as the people believe in them . 
  misread your points ... damn . 
  my fault . 
  yeah , that was what i meant . 
  seeing that the house of troubles was introduced by saint veloth himself , i would say no . 
  if there were aldmer/chimer that worshipped them , it would 've stopped not long after the chimer left for resdayn . 
  that is indeed a valid point . 
  there are some books and dialogue in the games saying that veloth came up with that orthodoxy . 
  however , those are from way after the tribunal instituted themselves . 
  on the other hand , there are no sources stating the opposite ( while there are a couple about the death of nerevar , and dagoth ur , etc. ) . 
  i think i will look into what the ashlanders believe , since they despise the temple . 
  edit : a quick stroll around uesp prompted no mention of the ashlander stance towards the house of troubles . 
  edit 2 : a quick stroll of til did prompt something . 
  sinnammu mirpal ( wise woman of the ahemmusa tribe ) is quite opposed to the sheogorath cult , and sheogorath himself . 
  now this is not much to stand on , but it could be deducted that ashlanders do not like the house of troubles ( if they group them together like the house dunmer , i do not know ) . 
  i know very little of redgaurd mythology , but the main problem with this theory would be the hatred the elves muster towards menkinds . 
  even though the redgaurds might not see lorkhan as a positive being , it would not mean that the thalmor would accept them joining the altmer . 
  remember , the bretons also despise lorkhan ( sheor ) , seeing him as the source of all evil . 
  yet they do not join the altmer in their endeavours , while they are technically part mer . 
  if the bretons wo n't join the altmer , than the redgaurds wo n't either . 
  they were a race of elves native to yokuda ( before you ask , i do not know why they are called such ) . 
  like always , the elves had a fallout with men . 
  the left-handed elves were probably wiped out by the explosion and the yokudans . 
  along with this : aldmeris might not have existed in the first place at all ( it is entirely possible that the mer originated on ( or near ) tamriel . 
  tamriel is more important than the other continents . 
  most if not all life originated there , and it is where the towers are located . 
  along with this : there is little contact with the other continents ( except for the few islands left after yokuda 's destruction ) . 
  it is virtually impossible for most to know if qnother continent is under attack . 
  pyandonae is to the south of tamriel .
