  and nerevarine by the ashlander tribes , he climbed the red mountain and destroyed both dagoth ur ( being kept on nirn by the heart of lorkhan ) and the heart itself , destroying the immortality of the tribunal . 
  this led to the end of the tribunal religion , and the dark elves went back to their old daedra worship . 
  with the death of the tribunal , the pilgrims stopped coming to the temples . 
  this led to the moonlet baar dau , which was stopped by vivec and made into the ministry of truth , to crash into the land with all it 's original force , since the only thing keeping it in the air was the levitation potions , which were offered by the many pilgrims . 
  this caused red mountain to erupt , destroying vvardenfell and parts of morrowind . 
  the dark elves , weakened and surprised , were then attacked by the argonians of argonia , who were told by the hist to wait for the comet strike . 
  this was the end of morrowind . 
  the dunmer were either killed , or scattered across tamriel , most notably to the island solstheim , to the north of vvardenfell . 
  skyrim , who had been at war with morrowind for centuries over the island , resigned their claim of the island , so that the dunmer could find refuge there . 
  * truly the dark elves of morrowind are different from their fellow inhabitants of tamriel . 
  they not only strongly differ in appearance , but also in culture , politics and religion *, 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  * welcome back to the sixth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume will deal with the orcs . 
  even though there is much prejudice towards them , they are definitely worthy of study . 
  without further ado , here is the volume on the orcs of high rock . 
  the orcs ( sometimes referred to by the elves as ` orsimer ' , meaning ` pariah folk ' , although they themselves do not use this name ) are the green skinned people of orsinium , in the wrothgarian mountains of high rock . 
  the orcs have long been resented by the other species of tamriel , both for their xenophobic culture and their strange appearance . 
  even though the orcs find their heritage in the aldmeri settlers who followed the god trinimac ( which will be explained later ) , they retain little more than the pointed ears so common to the mer of tamriel . 
  indeed , they do n't share the longevity the elves have ( a orc is already of venerable age if he/she reaches 60 ) , and where the mer have a slender and agile build , the orcs are very big and broad , which also accounts for their incredible strength . 
  they have a green skin colour , a nose that resembles that of a beast ( which explains their physique being described as scary or angry ) , and a severe malocclusion , with their lower incisors forming in upright tusks , making it almost impossible for orcs to fully close their lips . 
  the orcs have a slight resistance to magicka , and are able to work themselves in a uncontrollable berserk state . 
  this attributes both to the hatred towards them , as well as their reputation as the best soldiers in the imperial legion . 
  as stated earlier , the orcs are descendents of the aldmeri settlers in high rock who followed trinimac . 
  trinimac was at some point god of the elven strength , as he had led them against the menkinds . 
  he was patron of soldiers and warriors . 
  at some point he was ` eaten ' by the daedric prince boethiah , to convince the orsimer and chimer of the power of the daedra . 
  the followers of trinimac were then cursed , and turned into the currently seen orcs . 
  when this happened is unknown , but , since the orcs were already changed at the start of the first eras , it should have been in the late merethic era . 
  some time after this transformation , trinimac reappeared as the daedric prince malacath , a shell of his former self . 
  still , the orcs hold great respect for this daedric prince , and venerate him . 
  the society of the orcs is based around the codes of malacath , a list of unrwritten rules , passed orally throughout orcish culture . 
  these rules includes things as no theft , fighting valiantly and the importance of your tribe and family , along with the idea that isolation is a blessing . 
  these codes have shaped orcish culture to what it is now today . 
  seeing their views on isolation , many orcs live in tribal strongholds , scattered throughout north-western tamriel ( a notable exception is of course the historical city state orsinium ) . 
  these tribes are ruled by a chieftain . 
  the chieftain is the only one allowed to breed , and the only women in the stronghold are directly affiliated to him ( as mother , wife or daughter ) . 
  this rule does not apply to male inhabitants . 
  the chief has multiple wives , some of which have their own role in the stronghold ( for instance , the second wife is called the ` forge wife ' , and oversees the armour and weapon forging of the stronghold ) . 
  the daughters of the chieftain are given or traded to other chieftains , as a sign of goodwill and to prevent inbreeding . 
  family is incredibly important to the orcs , and their nomenclature shows this . 
  each orc gets a personal name , a prefix to denote gender ( ` gro - ' for males and ` gra - ' for females ) , followed directly by their same-sex parent . 
  in case the same-sex parents is unknown , the child gets the name of the other-sex parent . 
  just like the nords of skyrim , the orcs have a strong warrior culture . 
  it is ideal that a orc dies on the battlefield fighting , as this shows valor . 
  furthermore , they take great piride in both their smithing and their personal strength . 
  their relation with the other species on tamriel is troubled at best . 
  the orcs do not see the need to shape themselves to other cultures , which forms a vicious circle with the already present resentment towards them . 
  the orcs hold a hatred towards both men and mer , the men because of their presence in the wrothgarian mountains , and the long lasting conflict for territory , and the elves for their use of magic ( the orcs see killing from afar as a sign of weakness ) . 
  this despise towards other races also strengthens the despise they feel for the orcs . 
  as troubled as the relations of the orcs are , so troubled is their own kingdom orsinium . 
  this kingdom , finding itself in a region which has always been troubled with constant wars between small states , has been target of many attacks by the other kingdoms , which at some point united just to destroy it . 
  the orcs are some of the best armourers and warriors in all of tamriel . 
  there armour is fabled as being incredibly strong , albeit being very , very heavy . 
  it is mostly made from orichalcum , a somewhat rare metal found throughout western tamriel . 
  as strong as their armour is , so strong are their warriors . 
  an orc is a worthy adversary at any time , and one that goes into his berserk state is a force to reckon with . 
  because of their strong and heavy physique and lifelong training in the arts of combat , the empire has employed them as front-men in the legion . 
  their service in the legion made them a bit more accepted in the empire ( especially in cyrodiil ) , but they are still seen as pariah by the fast majority ( indeed , many people still believe the orcs are actually kin to the goblins ) . 
  as stated earlier , the history of orcs starts at the transformation of trinimac into malacath , and their own transformation from aldmer to orsimer . 
  somewhere in the first era , the orcs created the first orsinium . 
  over time , it grew to such a size that it was regarded as a threat to the other kingdoms . 
  the kingdoms of daggerfall and sentinel formed an alliance with the order of the diagna , and destroyed orsinium in 1e 980 . 
  over the next centuries , the orcs repeatedly tried to raise a new orsinium , but failed every time , until gortwog gro-nagorm created the new kingdom of orsinium in 3e 399 . 
  through gortwog 's excellent diplomacy and politics , orsinium prospered without major armed conflicts , but was still not officially recognised by the empire . 
  during the warp in the west , orsinium was one of the four kingdoms to use the numidium to gain territory and swore fealty to the empire . 
  after almost 400 years under imperial control , the status of orsinium as independent province was finally in sight , until it was yet again sacked during the early fourth era , this time by a united army of high rock and hammerfell . 
  this caused orsinium to relocate to the border between skyrim and hammerfell , and many orcs fleeing east . 
  * in short , the orcs have always been pariah , because of their history , their attitude towards other races , and their appearance . 
  still , there are many traits worthy of envy of them , like their strength and excellent armouring . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  there is some debate regarding the teaching of religion in schools . 
  would this be acceptable ? 
  and if so : in what form ? 
  * redditor 's note : i would like to thank mr_flippers for providing me with a lot of the information found in this volume . 
  it would 've probably took a lot longer without that . 
  cheers , mate . 
  * welcome back to the seventh volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this one deals with the feline cats of elsweyr , more commonly known as the khajiit . 
  these people , ranging vastly in appearance , have enjoyed the interest and fascination of many scholars , along with the disdain of many non-scholars of tamriel . 
  without further ado , her is ` the cursed and blessed cats ' . 
  the khajiit ( meaning ` desert walker ' in their own language ta'agra , in reference to the barren deserts of their home province elsweyr ) , are a feline race of multiple forms , often looked down upon by other races , because of their approach to thievery and possession . 
  there is much to say about the biology of the khajiit . 
  so much , in fact , that it is hard to point out a common trait among the different subspecies . 
  the form a khajiit takes is decided by the stance of the moons , and these forms range from what would appear as a simple housecat to most , to almost bosmeri in appearance ( calling them such is regarded as a huge insult in khajiiti culture ) , to the anthropomorphic cats common throughout tamriel , to seemingly feral tiger beasts , and everything in between . 
  what can be said however , is that most , if not all , khajiit have some feline traits , be it a slight fur and sharper nails , to the appearance of a cat . 
  along with this , they all have some form of pointed ears , be it more mer in appearance , or more feline . 
  even though these fast differences in outward appearance , all khajiit do share the ability to see better in the dark than the other races can . 
  along with this , all khajiit are blessed with the ability to hide their true intention , a blessing given to them by azura . 
  along with this ability , azura also gifted them with an excellent agility , so they are the fastest and best climbers on tamriel . 
  along with this , they are rumoured to be the best survivors , especially in their own deserts of elsweyr . 
  the origin of the khajiit is one shrouded in myth and folktales . 
  the altmer ( along with most other races ) hold that they were already present on tamriel since before men and mer came , classifying them as a beast race , along with the argonians . 
  the aldmeris epic ` topal the pilot ' mentions ` cat-demons ' in the general area of elsweyr . 
  it should be noted that only few passages of this story have been remembered , and it is unknown if there had already been some aldmeri groups who emigrated to the mainland . 
  furthermore , epics are always a dubious source when it comes to historical events .
