  the stuff i read in modmail was depressing . 
  khajiit definitly value swiftness of hand , and there is respect for someone who can take something without being noticed . 
  still , most of the conception of `` khajiit = thief '' has to do with a different sense of possession in khajiiti culture ( i.e. 
  something belongs to the group , and is not individual property unless clearly designated as such ) . 
  that and the fact that they are looked down upon a lot in tamriel , and the stigma of thievery is born . 
  words of clan mother ahnissi mentions the lying ability of khajiit ( as a way to survive ) , and i recall something about stealing as well , but i 'm not sure about the latter . 
  the pge has somethings on it , but you can often classify that as imperial propaganda . 
  i 've been playing half-life 2 again , and picked up crusader kings ii . 
  europe 's mine , bitches . 
  shit , i miss travelling :(, 
  i 'll be going to brugges and dublin in the forseeable future , and maybe make a road trip through the west coast of ireland in the summer , though . 
  that 's what the speed-up button 's for . 
  most of it is walking around , anyway . 
  the unstars are alligned to the serpent , otherwise known as lorkhan . 
  the sermons ( 21 from the top of my head ) deals with that . 
  i ca n't remember it exactly , but i think the yokudan creation myth deals woth it as well , sonce it is heavy with snake symbolism and the stars play an important role . 
  most form naturaly , out of instinct , and not out of will . 
  some languages were developped out of will , like creole languages or constructed languages like esparanto , but they all lack the naturalness and the complexity of real languages . 
  that is just the myth , though . 
  most linguists accept that korean is older than that ( also because the earliest written record of korean predates sejong by almost a millenium ) . 
  they used the chinese script , though . 
  also , if it was simply a collection of borrowed stuff from other languages , it would n't classify as an isolate , since you need structures that are not found in other ( historic ) languages . 
  i am studying to become one , does that count ? 
  i could n't find anything on the creation of korean . 
  only on developments through milennia . 
  also , words change . 
  knowing modern english does not mean you can follow old english , which looks more like modern dutch or modern german . 
  i know korean was heavily influenced by japanese and the chinese languages spoken in the border region . 
  either you are confused or misunderstood the origin of the hangul script , or someone told you bullshit . 
  i never said it developed from chinese . 
  it is probably an isolate ( or altaic , but that is a touchy subject ) . 
  creating a language on that scale is hard , but implementing it in a population is impossible in the the 15th century , with no infrastructure ( only one language was succesfully ** revived ** , hebrew , but other revived languages ( like cornish or manx ) wo n't catch on ) . 
  about the time of sejong 's reign , there was a succesful attempt at displacing local dialects with one , though , which is the closest i got . 
  that probably only really took on in bureaucratic environments , and much later on the general populace . 
  yup , you 're right . 
  it 's late and i mixed them up . 
  thanks . 
  [ not in denmark , they are n't ] ( http://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/pandekage ), 
  it 's `` d\u00e6 liek me ?? '', 
  there are languages that are spoken beside the universal tamrielic . 
  we know that the khajiit all speak ta'agris as well ( mostly because not all sub-species can produce the sounds necessary for tamrielic ) . 
  all mortal languages on tamriel ( with the exception of jel , the argonian language ) are derived from ehlnofex , the language spoken by the first mortals , the ehlnofey , and the ancestors of all races except for the argonians . 
  ehlnofex is n't actively spoken anymore , but it is still used in invocations and religious practices ( see the 36 lessons of vivec , which makes heavy use of spells in ehlnofex ) , and the nu-mantia intercept seems to suggest that ehlnofex has a similar status to latin in our world . 
  tamrielic s the common language . 
  how it came that way , i do n't know , but i would n't be surprised as the empire played a vital role in it ( similar to how the celtic and iberian languages were replaced by latin in south-western europe ) . 
  so we have a common ancestor , and from there on the languages developed . 
  still , there seems to be no indication that languages actively change in tes ( tes is n't really strong on the languages , though ) . 
  the tense is already determined by the main verb ` did ( n't ) ' . 
  ` see ' is an infinite here , and ca n't be conjugated . 
  zero-summing is n't shown in games . 
  the concept comes from an out-of-game text , [ et ` ada , eight aedra , eat the dreamer ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/etada-eight-aedra-eat-dreamer ), 
  the problem is that people who zero-sum basically disappear from the timeline . 
  the only way that they can leave traces is by way of music ( or sheath-music ) . 
  i recall from a course on celtic history that the fort was most likely build with a ceremonial function ( similar to the younger [ navan fort/emhain mhacha ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/navan_fort ) ) . 
  i should try to look up a source for that . 
  the world literacy rate is higher than it has ever been , and is still rising . 
  currently , about 85 % of the world can read and write . 
  also , there are more girls in school than ever before . 
  the world is getting better educated , which makes it easier for anyone to really make something of their lives , and make democracy possible in areas where it would have been impossible 20 years ago . 
  the dragonborn has the problem of being a pc , a character which is undefined apart from their destiny ( i.e. 
  the main quest ) . 
  what could be said , however , is that the dragonborn does face their destiny . 
  they are not ignorant or avoiding of their purpose , and are up to the challenge . 
  there is a huge difference between sheo and shor , though ( even though they are somewhat related ) . 
  sheo is a daedric prince , who was present at the time of si . 
  shor is somewhat of an aedra ( he is generally not counted as such , but he fits the bill ) . 
  also , shor , or at least lorkhan , is semi-dead , only surviving as the void-ghost . 
  i 'm triggered that you consider me decent, 
  i agree for the most part with you . 
  yes , it was written down later , which could explain why the eight are mentioned , as well as reman . 
  still , it should be noted that pelinal was a historic figure , and he did exist ( as illustrated by kotn ) . 
  but , yeah , most could be later additions . 
  nirn is part of mundus , though . 
  mundus is nirn , the plane ( t ) s of the aedra , and the moons . 
  it 's an ehlnofex word . 
  ehlnofex was spoken during the dawn era , when time was n't linear yet , so using capitals to indicate the start of a word is meaningless . 
  new years eve with friends . 
  we had n't seen each other for about 6 months , so we were planning way ahead . 
  i offered to buy a bottle of good whiskey . 
  i arrive , and they are all pretty drunk already ( i had to work that evening , so i was late ) . 
  this left me with an entire bottle of whiskey . 
  that did n't last very long , and before the end of the evening the bottle was empty , plus i managed to get a bottle of champagne down my throat , as well . 
  at least , this is according to them . 
  i ca n't really recall an awful lot from that evening . 
  woke up in my friends house with my head feeling about 5 times as big and as heavy as normal , and incredibly nauseous . 
  i got down the stairs and got a glass of water . 
  my friend was looking at me slightly disturbed . 
  i took a sip and looked up to him , saying : `` even the water tastes like whiskey '' . 
  ehlnofex writes all words in capitals . 
  admittedly , all words we 've seen were spells ( the sermons are full of them ) , so they do have some religious/philosophical weight . 
  well , almsivi is from after the dawn . 
  below i stated that all examples of ehlnofex are spells , so it might have to do with mythical importance . 
  gongrats to renegard/regalnerd !, 
  so , i finnally got a bit back to writing , which is awesome . 
  part two iz in the making , but i had a bit of a busy week : apart from class , there was a festival , a friend coming over , an impromptu get together , and my first time using mdma . 
  talking about m : damn , that shit 's great ^ 1 !, 
  we had this smallscale cuddleparty . 
  you have this room with beds , rugs , matresses , couches , and pillows everywhere , some soft ambient or trans music ( a bit upbeat , not to energetic ) , ane everywhere takes m. m makes you love everything around you , so you start cuddling others pretty soon . 
  that was pretty awesome ... 
  i think i 'm still coming down a bit .
