  it shows that at least some sheet music can be preserved ( showing that music is at the core of the elder scrolls universe ) . 
  with thanks to myrr for digging this up for me . 
  ( ooc : nu-lorentia sounds like the name of a very cheap hooker ), 
   here , this is muatra . 
  guess what it represents . 
   [ vehk stuffs muatra into azura 's mouth . 
   you, 
   are, 
   banished, 
   from, 
   this, 
   starry, 
   heart, 
   [ azura explodes . ], 
  i guess vehk already figured out what he can do with his muatra . 
  `` a slim woman and/or man has three holes . 
  but you , you are fat . 
  you have a hole here , here , here , here , here , holes everywhere . 
  and that is why us black guys love fat . '', 
  aldmeris was nothing more than a metaphor for when the elves were just one group . 
  in elven mythology , the exile from aldmeris is the falling apart of their cultural unity . 
  first the dwemer split of , than the velothi , etc. 
  with aldmeris out of the picture , the old ehlnofey probably settled the summerset isles , and later , as aldmer , spread out from there . 
  his children agree, 
  there is some mentioning of aldmeris , mostly from the aldmeri epic ` father of the niben ' . 
  it should be noted , however , that this is an aldmeri tale , made by a race that wants to uphold this myth , and in no way fact ( most likely ) . 
  mk also said on the irc channel that aldmeris did n't exist . 
  i 'm frantically searching for the quote now , ~ ~ so i 'll get back in a few minutes . ~ ~ found it !, 
   oct 17 23:30:48 < opg  why did vivec + nerevar visit a ( l ) tmora and not aldmeris , if they 're the mannish/merrish perspectives of proto tamriel ? 
  oct 17 23:31:16 < mk  aldmeris is not a real thing . 
  i thought that was obvious by now . 
  of course , but since i 'm confinced of no aldmeris myself , i used it to give my arguement strength . 
  but let 's hear the other side then . 
  what is it that shows the existence of aldmeris ( i 'm genuinely interested ) . 
  i would n't call the argonians hive-minded . 
  they are still individuals . 
  the hist , however , have bio-engineered them , and can turn them into mindless drones , whenever the need arises . 
  after the destruction of the heart , he lost his influence , but , still having achieved chim , went on to live as a god . 
  he helped reform the temple to re-worship the daedra and the ancestors . 
  he disappeared shortly afterwards , and reappeared for his trial . 
  he is supposed to reappear for landfall again . 
  since the discussion is a bit decentralised here , i felt it better to comment this way , instead of on the different comments themselves . 
  a very important thing you seem to overlook , is that the aedra and daedra are more than simple personifications of their spheres . 
  they are their spheres . 
  the most obvious hint at this , is the fact that they are their realm . 
  the deadlands are as much mehrunes dagon , as his aspect on mundus was during the oblivion crisis , just as that the aspect of akatosh was as much akatosh as the plane ( t ) . 
  an other thing that gives this strength is the ehlnofex language . 
  for instance , herma mora is both the name of hermaeus mora and his sphere ( secret knowledge ) . 
  in short , the subtle forces in the universe are the aedra and daedra . 
  also , never ever link to the wiki . 
  use uesp , or even better , direct sources . 
  maybe morrowind is the cyrodiilic/cyro-nordic name for the place , as opposed to the chimeri name resdayn . 
  by changing the official name to his own language , he shows who is boss . 
  still , the name morrowind does not seem to fit in with nibenay or colovian names ... 
  yeah , your right . 
  similar to cheydinhall , i suppose . 
  16k bitches !, 
  gongrats to mdn , that was overdue . 
  so i 've had my cpe exam this week . 
  it feels good to , after more than 6 years , almost be done with english clases . 
  if everything went well , i 'll be officially at native level by the end of next month !, 
  someone on the irc ( names are n't my strong side ) kept saying that you should read the sermons with the idea that the netchiman 's wife is the heart of lorkhan . 
  the dialogue in skyrim hints at sheo 's personal nvolvement with martin septim during the oblivion crisis . 
  this is why it is assumed they are the same person . 
  the problem here is , that the fact that the nords destroyed ( almost ) all traces of the falmer has a lot to do with their nature . 
  nords value strength above all , making them a people as war , and their isolation on atmora have made them incredibly xenophobic , more so in the early years on tamriel . 
  but , assuming some miracle of peace happened , or an enlightened leader made peace with them , i think tamrielic history would look very different . 
  it is hard to say how the falmer would react , as there is very little known about them . 
  i assume the war with high rock would drive a wedge between them ( it was still direnni territory ) , or the falmer would have held the nords back . 
  how it would look in more recent years , i can not say . 
  tiber septim would most likely settled any conflict between them , but the fall of the septim empire would have probably tore skyrim apart , without the empire being able to keep the peace , and the xenophobia of the nords playing up again ( and possibly some thalmor involvement ( the snow elves had , for as far as known , a pretty ok relationship with the aldmer ) ) would most likely end in a bloodbath . 
  great work xeno . 
  it becomes increasingly easier to search through the compilation . 
  also funny to see my own titbits pop up everywhere . 
  feels strange . 
  but their anger is n't only turned towards the snow elves . 
  they attacked all the surrounding lands ( except hammerfell ) , only stopping in cyrodiil when tiber septim showed his thu'um . 
  they did live peacefully initially , when there were still but a few nords , but they most definitely do not like anything that is n't nord . 
  first of , read the faq in the sidebar . 
  you get a basic idea of how the subreddit works , and some background info . 
  then read the new scholar 's guide to the subreddit . 
  it is a good starting guide ( it also links to lady n 's guide , which is very good ) . 
  read the in-game books , roam uesp and til , and pick-up morrowind if you have n't already ( the lore in that game is incredibly deep , and it was the first real lore-heavy elder scrolls game ) . 
  also , take a look at the compilation ( yet again in the sidebar ) . 
  it has a lot of good user-written articles about a lot of things . 
  some are more complicated than others , and the line between established and monkey lore is sometimes vague . 
  if you have questions about the stuff you 've read ( lorewise ) , and you can not find it on uesp or in the faq , feel free to ask the subreddit . 
  also , as you are more accostumed to oblivion and skyrim , a word of ` warning ' . 
  morrowind is a very different game . 
  the tutorial is five minutes , there are no quest markers , and locations are generally only marked on your map after you have visited them ( with fast travel only through fixed points ( which costs gold ) , there is no difference between undiscovered and discovered ) . 
  also , the combat system is n't the best . 
  on the other hand , the world is beautiful and magical , and very well designed . 
  the lore in the game feels more part of the world than in any other game i ever played . 
  if you play games mostly for the experience and story , and not for the challenge ( morrowind is a challenging game , do n't get me wrong ) , then it is definitly a game for you . 
  no one mentioned the markster . . :(, 
  narated by samuel l. jacksyn, 
  nrds cen cuz they re mstr race nd ubermensch nd take no shiet from noone, 
   i would imagine most of those are holly 's encyclopedic posts on the races and the sword singers . 
  yup , just checked ( i am fain like that ) . 
  but we do really need more redguard/yokuda lore .
