  umaril dares call us out , for that is how we made him ! '', 
  this kinds of philosophical debates were clearly not up the alley of most of the troops . 
  pelinal , as always , did n't bother much and happily went on his massacre . 
  aka and pelinal share a madness . 
  the exact nature is a complicated story . 
  aka became merged with lorkhan following convention , forming two sides of the same coin , basically . 
  this , however , means that two polar opposites ( time and space , anuic balance and padomaic change ) became constantly under the influence of the other . 
  now , it is clear how this would drive a god mad . 
  not only is an infinite being tied to another infinite being which is n't contained in him ( something which is impossible to understand ) , the other infinite being is also everything aka is n't . 
  pelinal most likely shares this . 
  the earlier lines illustrate that pelinal shares traits of both aka and lorkhan . 
  he lacks a heart , and is a strong padomaic force ( similar to lorkhan ) , yet he also carries the chim-el adabal , which is singing like a mindless dragon . 
  pelinal is both a champion of aka , as well as lorkhan , being torn between these two . 
  this link between aka and pelinal is also why pelinal is able to `` watch you watching me watching back '' . 
  he sees and feels what aka does , as he is part him . 
  the final line is very interesting , as pelinal seems to take some blame for umaril . 
  umaril , as the song states , is the result of an ayleid and a god of a previous kalpa , as well as some involvement of meridia . 
  how aka or pelinal are involved in this is unclear , but pelinal might take the blame for umaril going into this pact , after angering the ayleids with the rebellion and the genocides . 
  another possible reason for the pact with meridia was mentioned by / u/dr _ darcy in the comments on the analysis of the third volume , stating that meridia hates false life , and that pelinal is a robot . 
  pelinal ` made ' umaril because of his being , and aka ` made ' umaril by making pelinal . 
   [ and it was during ] these fits of anger and nonsense that pelinal would fall into the madness , where whole swaths of lands were devoured in divine rampage to become void , and alessia would have to pray to the gods for their succor , and they would reach down as one mind and soothe the whitestrake until he no longer had the will to kill the earth in whole . 
  pelinal 's famous fits of rage obliterated ( quite literally ) whole swaths of land , with everything and everyone in it with it . 
  volume 3 also mentions that alessia had to pray to the gods in order to calm and forgive pelinal , as his destruction seemed to not be completely according to divine plan . 
   and garid of the men-of-ge once saw such a madness from afar and maneuvered , after it had abated , to drink together with pelinal , and he asked what such an affliction felt like , to which pelinal could only answer , `` like when the dream no longer needs its dreamer . '', 
  the men-of-ge are only mentioned in this line and in the list of tribes in adabal-a . 
  the homophone with magna-ge is probably not accidental . 
  garid was intrigued with pelinal 's state , and wanted to ask questions . 
  pelinal 's quote raises many questions . 
  the most basic explanation is that pelinal loses all control , and acts without being able to change what he is doing . 
  however , there are more implications here . 
  the tes universe is a dream , dreamed by the godhead , who is a passive player in the dream . 
  while pelinal has in no way achieved chim ( although he does face the same struggle as i am and i am not , due to his relation to both aka and lorkhan ) , and is n't an amaranth , this quote is edging on those subjects . 
  it is possible that pelinal 's madness forms the first cracks in reality , leading up to the derelict state of mundus as it is in c0da . 
  this sums up the sixth volume : on his madness , and the last volume of the reman manuscripts . 
  the two last volumes are older and more fragmented . 
  the seventh volume deals with the final showdown between umaril and pelinal , and its aftermath . 
  this volume is much more fragmented than the earlier six . 
  instead of the introduction the first six volumes have , the seventh volume has its own . 
   * [ editor 's note : this fragment comes from a manuscript recovered from the ruins of the alessian order 's monastery at lake canulus , which dates it to sometime prior to the war of righteousness ( 1e 2321 ) . 
  however , textual analysis suggests that this fragment actually preserves a very early form of the song , perhaps from the mid-sixth century . 
  lake canulus was the site of the most important monastery of the alessian order , a religious group that at some point held most of the political power within the alessian empire . 
  they were known to have formed an almost monotheistic religion centred on akatosh . 
  it is common for most real-world epics to survive in different versions ( or recensions , as they are called ) . 
  the translation you pick up at the local bookstore is often a compilation , cross-reference , and with some editorial additions . 
  some epics have very few recensions , like beowulf and the epic of gilgamesh , which both survive in one recension , or the t\u00e1in , which survives in three main recensions . 
  other epics are compiled by a myriad of different recensions , like the iliad and the odyssey , which each have over 2000 recensions . 
  this volume is from a very early version , probably being composed within 400 years after the events , with likelihood of the original composition being even older . 
  the war of righteousness was the end of the alessian order , and with it the alessian empire . 
  it is believed the war erupted due to internal struggle within the order , which led to many of the areas of cyrodiil to opt-out of the order 's rule . 
  the order 's monastery was destroyed during this war , but some scraps seem to have survived . 
   [ and so after many battles with ] umaril 's allies , where dead aurorans lay like candlelight around the throne , the pelinal became surrounded by the last ayleid sorcerer-kings and their demons , each one heavy with varliance . 
  pelinal went alone to white-gold , and it seems he had to fight through both ayleids and daedra to even reach the tower . 
  in the tower , pelinal had to fight more aurorans and ayleids ( note the light symbolism surrounding the aurorans , who are linked to meridia ) . 
  the last surviving kings had already retreated to the tower at this point , and were holding out against pelinal . 
  varliance is n't a word in english ( at least , both the oxford dictionary and wiktionary did n't yield anything ) , but it is probably linked to varla stones , which are , along with welkynd stones , important in ayleid sky-magic and the city-states . 
   the whitestrake cracked the floor with his mace and they withdrew , and he said , `` bring me umaril that called me out ! '', 
  pelinal only came here to settle his feud with umaril , and did n't care much for victory for the nedes , as volume three mentions that he left most battles to the rebellion , while fighting his enemies in pre-arranged single-combat . 
   ... [ and ] while mighty in his aspect and wicked , deathless-golden umaril favored ruin-from-afar over close combat and so he tarried in the shadows of the white tower before coming forth . 
  more soldiers were sent against pelinal to die , and yet they managed to pierce his armor with axes and arrows , for umaril had wrought each one by long varliance , which he had been hoarding since his first issue [ of challenge . ], 
  this shows a major difference in tactics between umaril and pelinal . 
  where umaril would send his troops forwards , and stay in the background organising , pelinal would rush in and fight on his own . 
  while pelinal is slaying things left and right , umaril is waiting for him to tire . 
  this is also the first time pelinal 's armour is pierced , as volume three mentions that his armour was undamagable for the ayleids . 
  umaril 's men were able to do this by magic weapons , which umaril seemed to already have when he called out for pelinal to fight him . 
  the exact workings of varla magic is unknown , so what `` long varliance '' implies is anyone 's guess . 
   ... [ presently ] the half-elf [ showed himself ] bathed in [ meridian light ] ... and he listed his bloodline in the ayleidoon and spoke of his father , a god of the [ previous kalpa 's ] world-river and taking great delight in the heavy-breathing of pelinal who had finally bled ... 
  umaril is a half-god , and the son of a divine being from a previous kalpa . 
  whatever the world-river is hard to say , as there is little known of previous kalpas . 
  it is possible that this might be a god from the same world that was ruled by dreughs . 
  along with his divine heritage , his divine pact is also shown , namely in the light of meridia . 
  as i mentioned before , this was the first time pelinal bled , and it seems umaril was hoping that it would work ( and probably was a bit hesitant about its success ) . 
   [ text lost ] ... [ and ] umaril was laid low , the angel face of his helm dented into an ugliness which made pelinal laugh , [ and his ] unfeathered wings broken off with sword strokes delivered while pelinal stood [ frothing ] ... above him insulting his ancestry and anyone else that took ship from old ehlnofey , [ which ] angered the other elvish kings and drove them to a madness of their own ... 
  the exact details of the battle are lost , but it seems to be a pretty heavy brawl . 
  it ended with umaril 's physical form being killed , and his head carved in by pelinal . 
  again , `` unfeathered '' . 
  umaril is n't entirely ayleid . 
  at this point , pelinal is already badly hurt , and his mouth is foaming from rage and exhaustion , probably . 
  it is also interesting that there might be more than just his mouth frothing . 
  mk , who wrote this text , mentions that pelinal `` was and is an insane collective swarmfoam war-fractal from the future '' . 
  pelinal also shows his hatred for the ayleids and elves in general . 
  now that pelinal has settled his feud with umaril ( or so he thinks ) , he still has to mend his own pride by calling umaril , yet again , names . 
  this , of course , pisses off the kings still present in the tower , who attack pelinal . 
   [ and they ] fell on him [ speaking ] to their weapons ... cutting the pelinal into eighths while he roared in confusion [ which even ] the council of skiffs [ could hear ] ... 
  eight is a magic number for the ayleids , and possibly in reference to the spokes of the wheel . 
  this is further strengthened by the fact that some ayleid ruins with top-side structures still standing often have a circular planning , most notably the imperial city itself ( although the ic does not have eight spokes or districts , but ten ( nine if you do n't count the palace districts in the hub ) . 
  this might be the reason they were `` speaking '' to their weapons , or something similar . 
  as i pointed out in the first volume , square brackets indicate that the text is either illegible or the meaning of the word is only implied in the original text , but is required for a normal sentence in the new language . 
  it is possible `` speaking '' here can also be swapped for `` chanting '' , `` invoking '' , or `` singing to '' . 
  the action is brought back to the nedic armies , who were still holding back . 
  they hear pelinal , and are concerned with his well-being . 
   [ text lost ] ... ran when mor shook the whole of the tower with mighty bashing from his horns [ the next morning ] , and some were slain-in-overabundance in the taking , and men looked for more ayleids to kill but pelinal had left none save those kings and demons that had already begun to flee ... 
  the nedes finally stormed the city , and morihaus rushes in to try and get to pelinal . 
  the exact events during the storming are lost , and it is unknown who was/were fleeing for morihaus , although it is probable the ayleid kings took flight . 
  the men secured the ic , which was n't that hard since pelinal already ravaged through it . 
   it was morihaus who found the whitestrake 's head , which the kings had left to prove their deeds and they spoke and pelinal said things of regrets ... but the rebellion had turned anyway ... [ and more ] words were said between these immortals that even the paravant would not deign to hear . 
  the eight body parts of pelinal , along with his armour , were scattered throughout cyrodiil . 
  his head was left at the site . 
  apparently , the dismemberment of his body was n't his death , as he still seems able to talk to morihaus . 
  pelinal was feeling sorry for the whole course of events , even though the rebels did manage to secure the throne for alessia . 
  the song does not mention what was said exactly between morihaus and pelinal , but the adabal-a does .
