  i have to recheck where i read this exactly , but there is enough about the differences between nibenay and colovia , which seems to be more a cultural divide than an ethnic one ( i do n't recall a distinction made between them in the adabal-a or the song of pelinal ) . 
  the west and north of cyrodiil is colovia , it includes the cities of anvil , skingrad , chorrol , kvatch , and ( geographically ) bruma . 
  colovia is not known for its artists or poets , but for its warriors and strategists . 
  most great conquerors ( and at least reman and titus mede , as well as cuhlecain ) were from here . 
  during times of interegna or other forms of political instability - and sometimes during times of political stability as well - colovia is plagued by various warlords , fighting each other over the countryside . 
  nibenay on the other hand , situated in the east and south of cyrodiil , including the cities of cheydinhal , bravil , and leyawiin , is the centre of culture and crafts in cyrodiil . 
  the people are easier tempered , and value the arts above war . 
  normally , when an empire falls , colovia and nibenay split up , and it normally ends with a colovian getting the throne , and taking nibenay with it . 
  voidtravel is more common than you would think . 
  the pge even mentions that cyrodiil 's void programme had been almost abandoned since the late first era . 
  apparantly , gravity and oxygen are normal in the void , and people can walk freely over their ships . 
  reaching oher plane ( t ) s is difficult , as the space between them ( which is actually oblivion ) and they themselves are infinite . 
  it is at least possible to land on the moons ( which are also infinite ) . 
  hell , the khajiit have a colony there . 
  reaching aetherius is hard . 
  i ca n't recall the exact problem , but you would need an exponential amount of magicka the closer you got to aetherius . 
  the altmer did pull it off , eventually . 
  [ * love you too * ] ( / / #vivec ), 
  correct . 
  - garde is derived from old norse gar\u00f0r , meaning enclosure ( cognate with english garden ) , and sovn - is probably derived from danish or norwegian s\u00f8vn , which means sleep . 
  i could n't find anything about the arm cover thing , though . 
  there is definitely an element of divide-and-conquer here . 
  this is especially clear with hammerfell , since the thalmor do n't really have ideological reasons to attack the place . 
  talos is a bit harder though . 
  talos is a very dangerous force , and the thalmor have expressed their desire to ` remove him from the mythic ' . 
  by banning talos worship , they hope to get around to that ( because what will a forgotten god do ? ) . 
  still , it would not be in the least of their interests to have the nords split from the empire , much like the redguards did . 
  each empire only stood or fell with their nordic support . 
  lesser daedra are independent beings , who choose to serve , rather than being created by a daedric prince . 
  the book `` spirit of the daedra '' has the following :, 
   the oath bond, 
  we serve by choice . 
  we serve the strong , so that their strength might shield us . 
  clans serve by long-practice , but practice may change . 
  dremora have long served dagon but not always so . 
  practice is secure when oath-bonds are secure , and trust is shared . 
  when oath-bonds are weak , there is pain , and shame , and loss , and darkness , and great fear . 
  i 'm not entirely sure if sword-singing is an acquired skill or a gift . 
  the book `` from the memory stone of makela leki '' has the following line :, 
   i grew up in my noble family , the only one of three brothers and two sisters that felt the calling , the song of the sword . 
  father understood , for he too had felt the call . 
  it does mention earlier that makela had always wanted to be a sword-singer , so the line can be interpreted as that she was anxious to leave . 
  still , it mentions the song of the sword , so it might be a sort of born talent that sword-singers have . 
  but to go back on the real question : i do n't have a clue . 
  tonal architecture seems to be very broad , from shouting down fortresses to breaking time . 
  i do n't know how similar these things are to each other . 
  the way of manipulation is definitely different though . 
  the best known examples are the thu'um and dwemeri tonal architecture . 
  the first one uses the soul of a person , the other tools to manipulate reality ( via the heart of lorkhan , mostly ) . 
  i doubt that skill in one makes it easier to learn the other , but it could . 
  i think the et ` ada side of the argument is the safest bet . 
  i do n't really know how one would go about changing mortals into daedra , except for mantling , but i doubt that happened on a scale that would explain all the different kinds of daedra , and their numbers . 
  they both exist and do n't , according to this source . 
  we know that the dwemer were in all sorts of reality fuckery . 
  their metal does not degrade or rust , which either has to do with tonal architecture ( the manipulation of the aurbical song ) or with their world denial . 
  they also build the numidium , which breaks time when it is activated . 
  i guess it would explain how no one managed to strip the buildings themselves of stone and metal . 
  maybe , but there are restrictions against `` spear-biting '' ( sermon 14 ) . 
  it does mention that it is still practised in private . 
  also , the lessons forbid certain sexual acts , not necessarily same-sex relations . 
  hard to say . 
  the numidium can definitely be controlled , as tiber used it in during the tiber wars to get alinor on its knees . 
  on the other hand , it is portrayed in c0da as having some form of consciousness , as jubal tried reasoning with it . 
  he does make mention of big stompy being an `` entitled teenager '' . 
  it seems the numidium is more guided by emotion than you would expect for a robot , but it does show sentience in c0da . 
  that is a very touchy subject for a lot of people here , so , instead of pouring more oil on the fire ( which is fun sometimes , but not now ) , i 'll just link to [ lady n 's explenation of the thing and its meaning ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/2reyef/what_is_c0da_an_answer/ ) . 
  i linked to it a bit lower in the thread , but [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/2reyef/what_is_c0da_an_answer/ ) is the best explanation i have seen about the philosophy behind it . 
  it is basically a text for a comic book which deals with the birth of the amaranth , but it had some interesting ideas about canon and whatnot . 
  lady nerevar explained it a lot better than i do here . 
  the reason is chim . 
  chim ( ehlnofex for royalty ) is a state in which a person recognises reality as a dream , while also accepting that they are a reality within the dream , seeing everything as coming forth from the dreamer . 
  this requires the person to basically be echotripping so hard that they refuse to accept themselves as unreal . 
  this is mostly why tiber/talos could mantle lorkhan without losing his sense of self . 
  the coc , on the other hand , did not have chim , and shaped themself so much to the sphere of madness that they became indistinguishable from it , becoming sheogorath . 
   who will win the skyrim civil war, 
  the reachmen , of course . 
  dagon is n't simply destruction of everything . 
  dagon 's destruction has more the nature of a burning phoenix : giving room for something new to arise from the ashes . 
  first of all ( 1 , 2 , 3 , check , check ), 
  this has been a hell of a day , with ireland winning the six nations for the second time in a row . 
  to those of you not following the tournament ( and if you do n't care about rugby , well , tough luck ) : this was the last weekend of the tournament , with wales , ireland , and england still in the race , going down on point difference . 
  wales was pretty much written off , having to win by a margin of about 10-20 points ( pretty big ) from italy to catch up with ireland and england ( who had a 4 point difference between them ) . 
  normally , wales would have been written off , but they absolutely destroyed italy , winning by 20-61 ( insane ! ) . 
  next up was ireland-scotland , and the irish won big time ( not as otherworldly as wales , but still by 30 points ) . 
  after that was le crunch ( england-france ) , and that was the single most insane match i saw in a long time . 
  in the last minute , england still needed a converted try to get ahead of ireland , and because france decided to run from their own tryline ( which you can do when you 're 20 points ahead , not 20 points behind and almost giving away the championship to that team ) , i felt my heart drop straight through the ground . 
  still though , the french decided to end it just in time , screwing the english over , and giving ireland the championship . 
  ( i 'm way too excited about this ), 
  to stay with sports and ireland , i also decided to start checking out [ hurling ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1rpptgzpy_o ) , which is an awesome sport ( or looks to me that way ) . 
  bassicaly a bot that is used to detect stuff you do n't want on a subreddit . 
  they auto-remove stuff with certain words in it . 
  no idea how it works , though , you 'll have to ask pops and myrr for that . 
  the name should be changed to pelinal . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can do that with the code for this sub alone . 
  just a fair warning ( i do n't know if you americans have that `` rule '' as well ) , but one thing even my parents mentioned to me and my sister :, 
  ** never fuck your housemates **, 
  it 's all fun and games when it goes well , but if something happens in such a relation , going home is hell . 
  i had three friends crash at my place for that reason in the past two months . 
  o no , definitly go for it , i 'd say . 
  and step up your game .
