  if they are not doing their job ( i.e. 
  are unfaithful ) , she will throw them away without without a further thought . 
  if they served her especially well , she might consider keeping them as a souvenir of sorts . 
  she does love her followers , and it is very important to her , but she is not a true motherly type . 
  her love is definitly conditional . 
   `` raw ebony is one of the most precious substances in the empire , and most of the continent 's deposits are here on vvardenfell . 
  raw ebony itself is an extremely hard , durable , black glass-like substance , said to be the ** crystallized blood of the gods ** . 
  raw ebony is protected by imperial law , and may not be mined or exported without an imperial charter . 
  ebony smuggling is a profitable but dangerous source of illegal wealth on vvardenfell . '', 
  this is from dialogue with tendris vedran in morrowind . 
  i could n't find any harder sources at the moment ( i do n't have that much time right now ) . 
  one thing that would point towards lorkhan 's blood is that all deposits are somewhat around a line drawn between ada-mantia in high rock ( where lorkhan 's heart was shot away by auri-el ) and red mountain ( where it landed ) , with the highest concentrations around the star wound . 
  well , everyone in the reach knows how it 'll end :p, 
  along with what op3 said already , about the philosophical reason , i wanted to add that the altmer of the merethic era were n't the same as now . 
  in the meantime , there has been much contact with other mages from the rest of tamriel . 
  ideas and techniques would probably have passed around , and altmer either adopted fire magic from another place , or were already practising it , with the light-fire thing being nothing more than philosophical . 
  you have been bussy lately :p, 
  very interesting . 
  you 've got me excited for more !, 
  it is very easy to justify an orc mage . 
  in orcish culture , relying on magicka is frowned upon , as personal strength and close combat are what gives a person their position . 
  still , individuals are n't simply following trends . 
  there are orcs that go their own course , deciding to pursue the arts of magic . 
  also , a lot of imperialised orcs would stop following traditions , being more accepting of magic in general . 
  scholatlr of the week !, 
  what not geting laid can achieve . 
  the series will continue . 
  i 'm just getting a bit bussy with family and the likes . 
  which brings me to the secind point : i turned 18 this week , and passed my final exams !, 
  i will start my university course next year . 
  good following week to all . 
  i had to write hircine in somehow . 
  there will also be a hargraven , but that might take some chapters . 
  this is not yet the scene with the hag . 
  that will be dealt with later . 
  hircine covers both the hunters and the hunted though , he is the hunt in its entirity . 
  the dress was a bit of an asspull , tying it with hircine , but it worked well . 
  i wanted to include him because of the guerrilla war red-eagle fought , and the forsworn do . 
  tamriel is the centre of nirn , which is the centre of mundus , which is the centre of the aurbis . 
  it is in between the past and the future ( yokuda-tamriel-akavir ) , and in between a stasis-change scale ( atmora-tamriel-aldmeris ) . 
  ( note : aldmeris is kind of hard to put here , because it only exist in tradition ( but that does n't mean much in tes ) ), 
  tamriel is the arena where ideologies go to fight it out . 
  sure , stuff happens in yokuda and akavir as well , but it is much mundaner than in tamriel . 
  yeah , the past-future thing needs a bit more fleshing out . 
  some people say it has to do with previous and future kalpas , others say they are their own past and future ( if that makes sense ) . 
  the aldmeris-atmora thing came from a comment by mk about both of them ` not being really there ' . 
  aldmeris is ever shifting , so it is unindentifiable . 
  it knows no borders or any form of regularity . 
  its inhabitants want stability to gain civilisation , so they become pro-stasis . 
  atmora is the opposite . 
  it is everlasting , unmoving , and perfectly fit for a map . 
  its inhabitants want change , so they can progress further , and they become pro-change . 
  at least , that is my take on it . 
  oh god , where to start ? 
  i can not just write down an answer to any of these questions , as i 'm sure i can write down an entire essay on each and every single one . 
  i will try to help you with some of the more basic ones . 
  a simple overview is impossible . 
  i can help you with some subjects , but you 'll need to be more specific . 
  do you want to know about metaphysics ? 
  and if so , do you want to know how the aurbis was created , about the amaranth , or the dream , or how music ties into this ? 
  or do you want it to be more mundane ? 
  like how each race was created , or how the third empire became more successful than the first ? 
  i hope you see what kind of problem we are walking against here . 
  the interaction between races is problematic . 
  none have been really amical with each other ( although the nords , imperials and bretons have had good relations for a long time ) . 
  i do n't really like to compare them to real life cultures . 
  you 'll end up way too fast into stereotyping , and there are more than one sources of inspiration ( and orcs should be roman-era jews , if anything . 
  the gods are the easiest to answer . 
  instead of giving you a lengthy essay on each and every god , i will point you towards the in-game book variaties of faith , which lists multiple pantheons . 
  the main difference is that the aedra helped with creation , causing them to nearly die , and the daedra did n't , leaving them with all their power . 
  there influence on tamrielic culture is huge , and you 'll need multiple pages to even cover one race . 
  azura made the khajiit ( words of clan-mother ahnissi ) , boethiah , mephala and azura led the chimer to their new home ( 36 lessons of vivec ) , akatosh gave alessia the amulet of kings ( song of pelinal , or adabal-a ) , the bosmer were created by y' ffre ( words of clan-mother ahnissi ) , the orcs were created by malacath ( possibly 36 lessons , but i 'm not sure ) , and the dwemer abstained from every form of worship , with all due effects ( 36 lessons ) . 
  these are but a few examples , and looking at those books can give you some ideas about divine influence . 
  other works that might be interesting are alduin ent akatosh ( which deals with mythopoeia ) and the monomyth . 
  you should also keep in mind that there are gods that do not fall in the standard aedra-daedra sphere , like the tribunal ( 36 lessons deals with them ) . 
  now , i 've sourced the 36 lessons some times . 
  this is a really tough source to use , as it uses a lot of symbolism which is strange to even the experienced . 
  / u/rottendeadite is working on a explenation , but it is not yet complete . 
  also , the lessons are sometimes vague on purpose . 
  which brings me to my last point . 
  i understand you want in-game sources , but a wordof warning : a lot of sources are conflicting on purpose . 
  there is a lot of misunderstanding , and some sources are written from a in-universe political point of view ( the pocket guides are notoirious in this regard ) . 
  they give the universe character , and it makes for fun discussions , but they might not be fit for a report . 
  you are making the same mistake as most imperial writers : talos , tiber septim , and hjalti early-beard are not the same . 
  hjalti is the driving force of tiber septim , but they are not identical . 
  tiber is an amalgation of hjalti , wulfharth ( who gave the voice ) , and zurin arctus . 
  if this amalgation is true or just propaganda is unknown , but most likely the first . 
  now the last part is a bit more complicated , and it has to do with chim . 
  we know tiber achieved it . 
  when we look at vivec , in the lessons he explains that he is two beings : vehk the mortal and vehk the god . 
  the same applies to tiber and talos : one is mortal , the other god . 
  they are the same , and seperable . 
  hjalti and talos are n't dragonborn . 
  tiber septim is . 
  talos stormcrown of atmora is proper igs bullshit , and just a propaganda trick to tell the nords , imperials and bretons that nedes are atmorans ( giving a false sense of genetic similarity ) . 
  hjalti was born more than a millenium after the last boat from atmora arrived . 
  if he was nord or breton is unclear , and currently unimportant . 
  my point was that you never make the distinction between the three . 
  talos never got his neck slit he never lit the dragonfires . 
  he never sat on the ruby throne , and he definitly did not rule as emperor .
