  finally , another curious fact would be that there are no divine forces recognised beside the all-maker and the adversary , or they are seen as a subgradiant of these two forces . 
  this is fitting with the moral duality theory , as there is morally nothing besides good and evil ( some might argue neutrality , but i see this as a lack of good or evil , and not a force or state in itself ) . 
  without the need of anything besides these two primal forces , they will not develop a third deity . 
  and with this i will conclude my letter . 
  it is very curious that the religion of the skaal is so vastly different from the religions we see on the mainland . 
  i believe that we should study the skaal more closely , as they seem somewhat neglected in scholarary circles . 
  i hope this letter will enlighten you , and i hope this will spark further discussion and research . 
  warmest regards ,, 
  marcus flavi , researcher , anthropological department , imperial geographical society, 
  the most popular religion in morrowind was the tribunal temple , led by the tribunal . 
  since its institution after the war of the first council , this religious organisation has had much influence on the province of morrowind , both political and popular . 
  the temple was unique in that its gods were ( at least in the beginning ) actively occupied with it . 
  i will try to explain the basics of the temple in the following piece . 
  as all organisations , the temple had its own hierarchical structure . 
  the highest individuals in the temple are the three living gods : almalexia , sotha sil , and vivec . 
  since these gods rarely committed themselves with the day-to-day business of the temple , these roles are given to the patriarch . 
  the patriarch oversees the organisation of the various temples scattered throughout morrowind . 
  there was at least one patriarch in mournhold , and one in vivec . 
  the patriarchs are some of the few who were allowed to have audiences with the tribunal themselves in the dying days of the temple . 
  under the patrairchs were the temple masters , who oversaw the individual temples . 
  they were also the first person an aspiring temple member had to contact . 
  apart from the standard command structure was also the archcanon , sometimes the same person as the patriarch . 
  the archcanons were responsible for writing down the teachings of the temple , and issued new rules . 
  the temple had many more ranks than these three , but they did not have any special responsibility , apart from commanding the people below them , and listening to the people above them . 
  services, 
  the tribunal temple was a temple aimed at the people , and as such offered services to people not enrolled into the temple . 
  such services included blessings , potion sellers , and spell merchants . 
  everyone was able to use these services , but temple members were offered a discount . 
  some of these services , however , were restricted to higher ranking members , and simply joining the temple would not make one able to use them . 
  this included potion and spell merchants . 
  believes, 
  the tribunal temple came forth from the ancestor and daedra worship of the ancient chimer . 
  these beliefs were focussed around the veneration of ones ancestors , and the worship of boethiah , azura , and mephala . 
  these daedric princes were said to have aided the chimer in the past . 
  after the war of the first council , the tribunal of almalexia , sotha sil , and vivec proclaimed themselves as gods ( with achieving immortality some time later ) . 
  the ancestor worship is still in practise , albeit in a different form . 
  aside from paying tribute to ones departed kin , the dunmer also venerated the saints , which were a select group of chi - and dunmer that had been important to the race as a whole . 
  examples include saint veloth , who led the exile from aldmeris , and saint nerevar , who was the king of resdayn during the time of the first council , and whose death paved the way for the tribunal to achieve godhood . 
  the most important part about the tribunal temple 's believes , is of course the tribunal itself . 
  this consists of three gods , who have all taken over elements from the three good daedra . 
  almalexia , or ayem , took over elements from boethiah , sotha sil , or seht , took over elements from azura , and vivec , or vehk , took over elements from mephala . 
  after the institution of these living gods , the three good daedra became known as the anticipations . 
  the tribunal are all three incredibly mighty persons , and as such have been responsible for many events in morrowind , including multiple times where they saved the people ( for instance : vivec once flooded vvardenfell to kill of the tsaeci invaders , while teaching its inhabitants to breath underwater ) . 
  eventually their power waned somewhat , and disappeared almost completely with the coming of the nerevarine , which saw the death of two of the three gods . 
  history, 
  the temple was founded directly after the war of the first council by the three gods . 
  some time after this war , they had finally achieved immortality , by tempting with the heart of lorkhan , found under red mountain . 
  the tribunal soon became one of the most influential forces of morroiwnd , leading the defence against the imperials at the end of the first era , as well as negotiating a treaty with tiber septim at the end of the second era . 
  while in later years the king of morrowind and the emperor of tamriel increased their influence over morrowind , the temple has always remained a strong political body . 
  along with it 's relation with the king and the emperor , the temple has also held relative pleasant relations with the great houses . 
  redoran and especially idoril were very pro-temple , while hlaalu and dres were generally friendly . 
  as expected , the telvanni had very little contact with the temple . 
  the power of the temple was destroyed at the end of the third era , with the nerevarine prophecy being fulfilled . 
  this saw the death of sotha sil and almalexia , and the disappearance of vivec . 
  after the collapse of the tribunal , the temple was reorganised in the new temple , which went back to the initial worship of the three good daedra , and the ancestor worship . 
  did the netherlands had something special to offer initially ? 
  or was there a certain way they made deals that helped ? 
  does the flair work here ? 
  this post is designed to tie in with myrrlyn 's musical post from some weeks back . 
  [ the first one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1oybze/aurbis_the_musical/ ), 
  [ the second one ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1p1fip/aurbis_2_colorful_boogaloo/ ), 
  also , as is the trend with musical posts now , listen to [ this ] ( http://www.listenonrepeat.com/watch/?v=-zdbr7fmfim ), 
  while these posts describes the metaphysical properties of music in the tes universe , i decided to pull the concept a little more down to earth ( also because of my love of and experience with anthropology ) , and try to fit it in with the role of mortals in mundus . 
  first of , i wanted to discuss the exact roles mortals take in the metaphysics . 
  as already discussed by mk and myrrlyn , the towers form the maestro 's ( to those of you who are n't familiar with the build-up of an orchestra , maestro is an honorary title for a musician of exelence ) , and myrrlyn added more exact roles to the towers , with the two divine towers being the conductor and drums . 
  as you might understand , an orchestra is more than just the maestro 's and this is where mortals come in . 
  while the maestro 's are the ones guiding the musicians , the towers can not take on this role literally , as they lack consciousness . 
  what they do do , however , is that they make it possible for the ` musicians ' ( mortals ) to perform , as they keep mundus from dissolving back into oblivion . 
  now that we have briefly discussed the metaphysical role of mortals , let 's get down to nirn a little bit more . 
  the next part will focus around the note structure as listed in myrrlyn 's first post ; if you still have n't read it yet , i strongly advise you to do so . 
  as stated by myrrlyn , in the standard 16 daedra - 8 divines build-up , the a note , which is the core note in western music , is given to akatosh , who is the most important deity in cyrodiilic , and with that tamrielic , religion . 
  now , with this in mind , it would not be more than logical that other cultures would have different note scales , and different core notes . 
  i will try to summarise my view of the application of music by the many different races of tamriel . 
  before doing this , however , i would like to point out that the difference in deities by mythopoeic forces are also brought into the musical scales ( for instance : imperial music is slightly different from nordic ) . 
  races of men ( excluding redguards ), 
  b julianos, 
  this is the general scale , and the most popular one in tamriel . 
  i also take this as a starting point to discuss the other cultures due to its popularity and dominance . 
  one thing of note , is that the races of men would most likely not use the accidentals as much , as they have strong connotations to the daedra . 
  nordic and breton music would sound slightly different from cyrodiilic , due to the mythopoeic forces on some deities . 
  along with this , nordic music would use more drums , due to their relation to shor/lorkhan , while bretons would avoid it . 
  d zeht, 
  redguard music would appear very exotic to us . 
  as with most musical traditions in tamriel , the redguards focus on the a note , although slightly of to our hearing . 
  furthermore , apart from using some notes common in cyrodiilic music ( c , d , e , f , a. the notes g , b and c do not correspond to a deity in the yokudan religion ) , the redguards would most likely use notes unrecognisable to us , representing their own deities , like hoonding , diagna , and onsi . 
  seeing the mostly militaristic traits in redguard religion , and the way they like fighting and weapons , their music would most likely follow very strong and violent patterns , yet harmonic , as their martial arts show . 
  drums might be avoided , due to the redguards having a negative relation with lorkhan , or tentatively used , being still human . 
  elven ( excluding dunmer ), 
  b ( julianos ), 
  ( note : not all of these deities are recognised by the altmer , but they still are aedra , and are included as such , between brackets . ), 
  elven music would not use any form of accidentals , as the bosmer and especially the altmer do not want any form of association with the daedra , and stick to the full notes , which are not subgradients , and the full , aedric tones , in their opinion . 
  as with redguard music , elven music would appear alien due to their own gods . 
  however , taking in mind the fact that some of these gods were ascended mortals , it would create a strange sensetory experience both alien and mundane . 
  bosmeri music , however , would likely experiment more with tones , occasionally using accidentals , seeing their more liberal stance against religion and custom . 
  the dunmer musical system would surround the notes corresponding to the three good daedra , and in later traditions to their almsivi correspondents . 
  their tradition would focus on the accidentals e # ( azura ) , g # ( boethiah ) , b # ( mephala ) . 
  note that the central note of their music would be boethiah , who convinced the velothi to leave aldmeris and settle dwemereth by eating trinimac . 
  with these three notes in mind , we can assume dunmeri music would sound relatively simple ( which fits their hardened , no-bullshit warrior culture ) , also since they would most likely avoid the notes from the house of troubles , c # ( malacath ) , d # ( mehrunes dagon ) , f # ( molag bal ) , a # ( sheogorath ) . 
  the orcs do also have a simpler musical tradition than the other races , with all of their music centred around the c # , the tone of malacath , who is their chief deity . 
  their music would most likely appear very monotone and simple , which is excellent for war music .
