  anu was the amaranth of his world , and the dreamer of the aurbis . 
  he does not have to be the first amaranth in the list of dreams , though . 
  there is nothing known about anu 's world , and there might have been/be more dreams above there . 
  or not . 
  but , yes . 
  anu was also in a dream himself . 
  well , tamrielic is the closest i can think of . 
  still , i do n't think anyone on tamriel would use that for themselves ( neither do i think that anyone from akavir would call themselve akaviri ) . 
  those terms only originate when there is a lot of contact with outside things . 
  the real life ancient greek only used the collective terms when dealing with non-greek cultures ( in the illiad , for example , even though the area around troy was hellenic accorsing to the epic ) . 
  since most of tamriels bussiness is in tamriel , they most likely would n't use a collective term . 
  the over-dreamer . 
  what aka is to the time-dragons , the godhead is to the amaranths . 
  that area ( ionia ) , was culturally greek back then , though . 
  it used to be the centre of greek culture , before the rise of athens ( which is also considered ionian , or a subset of that , attican ) , and dorian sparta . 
  athens is absent in the illiad , after all . 
  heh , looked over those lines when i read it . 
  i do agree with ionia , but it still was very greek at the time ( which is the point ) . 
  but , to come back to the original discussion , such a collective name is only used when dealing with forces outside of the group . 
  in later greek works , a collective name is barely used , and people are genneraly refered to as athenian , spartan , corinthian , etc. 
  much like a tamrielic would refer to argonians , bosmer , dunmer , cyrodiils ( which internally refer to nibenese and colovians ) . 
  it is really interesting to see how people call themselves . 
  what is also strange is that some people use metonymia for their name . 
  like america for the us ( totum pro parte ) and holland for the netherlands ( partum pro tote ) . 
  not sure how to tie that in to the elder scrolls . 
  referring to the ancestors of redguards as yokudans kind of is an totum pro parte , as there were also left-handed elves . 
  well , i would n't be so quick in saying he remained loyal to nerevar . 
  the fucking with the heart caused a dragon break , which saw time go unlinear ( this one 's called the red moment ) . 
  it makes all possibilities and impossibilities happen , at the same time . 
  these conflicting temporal events will later be cleaned up by the jills ( female-dragons ) , but not everything will still be correct , and conflicting events can sometimes both be true . 
  in this case , voryn dagoth both betrayed and remained loyal to nerevar . 
  now onto your original questions . 
  i do not know how dagoth got the plans . 
  azura might have had something to do with it , as she confirmed his tale to the first council , or dagoth could have used a spy network ( which would n't be weird in morrowind ) . 
  during his life ( before the fuckery with the heart ) , voryn dagoth was a respectable member of one of the seven houses , and of course a close ally to the hortator and his advisors . 
  the darkness associated with him as in the game morrowind would only come to exist later , when he became a dead god , and the tribunal made sure his house was rooted out . 
  vivec 's and dagoth 's dialogue in morrowind is very interesting . 
  near the end of the morrowind quest-line , vivec gives you three documents detailing the event , which are very different . 
  i do n't know where exactly the red moment is mentioned as a dragon break , though . 
  sithis is n't another name for padomay . 
  sithis and anui-el were the first subgradients of padomay and anu , respectively . 
  they are the spirits driving anu and padomay . 
  see sithis as hunger . 
  he is nothing , has no consciousness , yet he exists , and is a driving force . 
  it seems to be done a bit irregular . 
  nerevar has his family name first , while voryn dagoth has it as his second name . 
  in modern days , it is still both used . 
  most people bearing the name hlaalu have it as their second one , but hlaalu helseth uses it as his first . 
  maybe it is a king-thing ? 
  helseth and nerevar were both kings of morrowind . 
  the ash vampires ( dagoth ur 's generals ) have the name dagoth in front . 
  other than that i ca n't think of at the moment . 
  you cpuld try playing the bloodmoon expansion for morrowind . 
  it is about a werewolves and hircine , bassicaly . 
  firstly , talos is n't simply tiber septim . 
  it is an amalgam of tiber septim , zurin arctus , and wulfharth . 
  tiber is the dominant force in this trio , but not the onky one . 
  tiber himself would have achieved some form of divinity when achieving chim ( still during his life ) , but at the time it would not have been in the identity of talos . 
  after his death , his soul could join with wulfharth , but arctus would still be trapped in the mantella and on nirn . 
  during the events of daggerfall , the mantella was destroyed , and released arctus from his body . 
  it is interesting that there were no talos cults in daggerfall . 
  but here 's the problem : dragon breaks work retro-active . 
  after the events of daggerfall , talos had always been a god . 
  and those retcons can be explained via dragonbreaks . 
  it was interesting the first time they used it ( the warp ) , and the middle dawn had something as well , but other than that , yeah , it kind of is lazy writing . 
  since we do n't know what sovngarde is exactly , we do n't even know if nords truly go there after they died . 
  [ i personnaly believe that the figures in sovngarde are nothing more than mythopoeic constructs , i.e. 
  the memory , or image , that the living nords have of the deceased . 
  the real soul would simply go to the dreamsleeve ] ( #conjecture ) . 
  the dreamsleeve removes all of the knowledge of the soul if it is not claimed , otherwise it is transported to the being that claimed it . 
  if multiple beings claimed it , it is given to the highest in the order . 
  eventhough politics in oblivion shift constantly , nocturnal always has first dibs . 
  the aedra would be last in line , due to their comateus state ( if they claim souls at all ) . 
  that is not to say that there are multiple folk tales about where to go after death . 
  imperials and redguards believe the soul goes to aetherius ( the far shores in yoku mythology ) after death . 
  it is unknown if argonians would have their soul recycled through the dreamsleeve . 
  they do have black souls , but they are not degenerated et ` ada , like the other races . 
  xenoposeidon speculated that instead of soul recycling , argonians know genetic blueprint recycling . 
  argonians are simple tree lizards until they drink of the hist sap , which gives them their shape , intelligence , personality , etc. 
  the genetic make-up of a dead argonian would end up in a young argonian , that way . 
  talos did n't , tiber did . 
  talos is the union of zurin arctus , wulfharth , and tiber septim . 
  because tiber has chim ( which meant that his ego encompassed the entire world quite litteraly ) , talos is normally identified with septim . 
  to the original question . 
  he already achieved it at the time of the sword-meetings , which was sometime after the events of redguard ( the closing years of the second era ) . 
  other than that , i do n't know . 
  also , apart from the folk heros , you have the recently deceased . 
  there would have been thousands of normal nord soldiers who would have died heroically during the days of king borgas , or the tiber wars , but none are present in sovngarde . 
  they are simply forgotten . 
  still , this is my own deduction ( hence the green tag ) , so do n't take my word for it . 
  the underking ( whichever he may be ) is also part of it . 
  it is theorised that he would only become a full-fledged part after his death during the warp , which would explain the lack of talos shrines in daggerfall . 
  possibly to feed of these mythopoeic forces . 
  the only thing that would actually give the aedra strength is their worship ( that is why you would sometimes hear of an avatar of akatosh or mara , who are popular divines , but wo n't see one of phynaster , for instance ) . 
  a dragonbreak is a complete clusterfuck of everything that was suppossed to happen , that could happen , and that was impossible to happen . 
  to have everything act normal again , the jills have to choose events to leave in , and things to throw out . 
  since an infi ite amount of things happened whoch should n't happen at the same time , the jills are unable to completely fix everything , and fragments of different timelines , possibilities , and impossibilities remained . 
  also , i 'm not sure if the entire tribunal had always been god . 
  vehk the god became a god forever , but vehk the mortal was still mere mortal before the red moment . 
  it is likely that vivec kept both halves around on purpose .
