  this sword is a manifestation of pure will and concentration , while still requiring at least a small shimmer of magicka . 
  not all sword-singers are able to conjure a shehai out of free will ( one 's shehai abilities are amplified in a situation of immediate danger ) , and even fewer are able to conjure one strong enough to effectively use in combat . 
  as a result , they are mainly used in situations of live and death , or in ceremonies . 
  only a handful of sword-singers throughout recorded history are able to conjure a shehai at will strong enough to fight with , including the fabled yokudan hero frandar hunding , and possibly his son divad . 
  it is a common misconception that all sword-singing techniques were based around the shehai . 
  indeed , not even most ansei were capable of using the shehai for combat . 
  instead , the sword-singers resorted to more mundane tools , namely metal swords . 
  this did not make the swordsmanship mundane , though . 
  firstly , the swords were of excellent craft , made with hundreds upon hundreds of years of knowledge , passed down through the order . 
  besides these swords , the sword-singers are also trained in many different grips and positions , each with a distinct purpose , as well as being able to magickally enhance their sword techniques , being able to cut inhumanly fast , and even apply the pankratosword technique , which can cause widespread destruction . 
  a singer who is able to conjure a shehai can earn the title of ansei , meaning ` saint of the sword ' . 
  while there are many gradients under the ansei , they are all allowed to start their own sword-singing school . 
  the sword-singers worship the many war gods of the yokudans , and some unknown to the population of that continent . 
  in more recent years ( after the relocation to hammerfell ) , these gods are referred to by the sword-singers themselves as the ` unknown gods of war ' . 
  how this veneration is done exactly is unknown , but it is likely that the sword-singers used some display of swordsmanship as a way of honouring the gods . 
  despite their fabled and legendary past , the order of the sword-singers has fallen into obscurity and simplicity in recent years . 
  with many of the memory stones ( magical rocks , used to store someone 's memory ) now lost , and with a preference towards a simpler form of war ( large , undertrained armies ) , many of the ancient knowledge of the order is now lost . 
  with their crafting techniques lost , their grips and positionings forgotten , and their most skilled ansei only able to conjure a week shimmer of energy , barely resembling a sword , the once prestigious order of the sword-singers is now nothing more than a shade of its former self . 
  curate tarer braryn ,, 
  as you might have noticed , the envelope sent to you contains two letters : my own , and the one we intercepted of an as of yet unidentified dissident priest . 
  we do not know who the writer of the intercepted letter is , or to who he is writing , although we do suspect b to be gilvas barelo , a blasphemous temple priest who has disappeared mysteriously . 
  we have send scouts into the northern ashlands to search for this urshilaku camp , but i am not convinced we will prove able to find it , as our intelligence of this region of vvardenfell is old , and the ashlanders are known for their nomadic travelling . 
  i advise you to keep this letter out of the archives , seeing the blasphemous writing , as well as to keep an eye out for ` b ' and 'm ' . 
  i know you told me not to write you letters , but talk to you in person . 
  seeing my current position , which will become clear later on , i am forced to write you this letter . 
  as requested , i have found the urshilaku camp on the coast of the sea of ghosts . 
  while initially resenting towards me and my assistant , they are beginning to accepted me within their midst . 
  i have had some audiences with the wise woman of the tribe , and i will try to summarise their believes , as was my initial goal . 
  like expected , the urshilaku resent the tribunal , questioning their divinity as we do . 
  instead , they hold on to the triune house worship , something which us ` house elves ' , as they still use to refer to me , have forgotten . 
  while i originally assumed that all their rituals were centred around the triune house , it seems to me that ancestor worship is deemed more important , although this might just be for the common ashlander . 
  indeed , the ashlanders seem to memorise all their ancestral tombs , using them in initiation rituals and the like . 
  so while the common ashlander does n't hold a special relation with the three good daedra , the wise woman seems to do , at least with azura . 
  it is believed that they are directly guided by her , and the wise woman of the urshilaku seems to consult her regularly . 
  if it is as they say , i do not know , however , seeing their strong nerevarine cult , it is entirely possible that azura holds a special interest in them . 
  like stated earlier , religion seems something purely for the wise woman . 
  while the many ashlanders hold interest in their ancestors , it is in no way comparable to the ancestor worship we know from just before the tribunal , and it seems to stay at a level of pure ` interest ' ( as opposed to veneration ) . 
  while the ashkhan of the urshilaku seems interested and knowledgeable enough of the teachings of the daedra and the nerevarine cult , i learned that this is a exception within ashlander culture . 
  this lack of faith within the tribes can be simply explained : life in the ashlands is harsh , and apart from hunting and supporting the camp , there is little time for meditation or rituals . 
  as opposed to us , the ashlanders do not seem to have any scriptures or apocrypha , instead relying on oral traditions . 
  i am certain you are already aware of this , seeing that there are a couple of books containing ashlander hymns and poetry on the market , but i still included it for emphasise . 
  while this is a basic summary of the information i have gathered about the urshilaku , i urge you to take this information with a grain of salt . 
  many traditions of the ashlander tribes have been distorted or lost , because of their oral tradition . 
  this has also caused that the different ashlander tribes hold different religious traditions . 
  the urshilaku say that they have ` strayed of the old way ' , but in how far this is true i can not say , seeing the internal rivalry between the tribes . 
  i hope this letter reaches you , and i hope you will take the information into consideration , and possibly spread it across the dissident priests . 
  warmest regards to all priests ,, 
  you ask me who vivec is ? 
  a better question would be what he is . 
  or what he is n't , but it will become apparent that those two are n't all that different . 
  vivec is everything , and by being that he is nothing . 
  he is man and he is woman ; he is poet and warrior ; he is student and teacher , friend and traitor , good and evil , chimer and dunmer . 
  because he is all this , we call him vehk and vehk , for he is conflict , yet balance . 
  and , like i said earlier , this everything makes him nothing , for everything cancels itself out . 
  yet vivec still is ; we have seen him , after all , and some of us even have shared words with him . 
  vivec is and is not , yet he is . 
  this is the paradox that is vehk and vehk , and it is a fitting paradox , for it is the paradox of chim . 
  for us , the lower of souls , it is best described as ` enlightenment ' , yet this word falls short of the splendour of royalty . 
  vivec is the paradox of chim , and he embodies it completely . 
  but he is not ` just ' the embodiment of chim , for he is also the anticipation of mephala , the webspinner . 
  what mephala is , no one knows , but she is two-faced , seducing the weak and strong alike , only to betray them in the end , her true motives always hidden . 
  we can say the same for our lord vehk , for he had helped great general indoril nerevar , yet still betraying him in the end . 
  yet he did not do this purely for personal gain , as he had helped nerevar reincarnate as well , helping him rid vivec of his divinity . 
  this shows another paradox of vehk , for he is both god and mortal . 
  he , who began as the lowest of the lowest , has instituted himself as one of the gods of resdayn and later morrowind . 
  and he is the youngest of the tribunal , with almelexia and sotha sil surpassing him in age , but he is also the oldest , with his birth being in a previous kalpa . 
  of the tribunal he is the most stable , that is the only thing of him that is not an apparent paradox . 
  however , this stability is born out of conflict , as is vehk 's nature . 
  while ayem cares for others , and seht cares for himself , vehk cares for both . 
  in the dying days of the tribunal , he was the only god that kept his mind , for ayem and seht extrapolated , with ayem becoming paranoid , and seht losing his ability to communicate . 
  and herein lies the key to chim , vehk 's philosophy , and vehk 's nature : balance . 
  while he is everything and nothing , he does not cancel himself out . 
  he is and he is not , yet he is . 
  he is a paradox , yet he is in balance . 
  this was co-authored with u/thenerdler . 
  most of the ideas were his , but i ( kind of ) took a run with it , and did the textual make-up . 
  listen , brothers and sisters , for we have been lied to again !, 
  not only did the trickster god curse us with mortality , our own aedric gods did as well , for we are not that different from the ` divines ' . 
  they are using us , my people , and have always done so . 
  but not for longer now . 
  they cursed our ancestors , weak as they were from creation , sundered by the evil lorkhan , to lose their immortality . 
  today , i call upon everyone to reject these so called ` gods ' , and not bow down to any other being than ourselves , for they are not to be trusted . 
  and why you might ask ? 
  it is because they have used us , brothers and sisters , they have used us . 
  we are to them not their favoured children , not the ones they concern themselves with because they care . 
  oh no , people . 
  to them , we are nothing more than a well , a source of power . 
  we have given them their forms , and their power . 
  and how do they thank us ? 
  they strip our souls of knowledge and aetherial power , having us relearn everything we have worked our whole lives towards . 
  and what is this power used for ? 
  surely not for helping us poor mortals , but purely for their own gain , for we are their sustenance . 
  and with this in mind , people , with this in mind , we are able to destroy the beings that have cursed us . 
  they require us , and if we stop , we can finally sunder these demons , as they have sundered us . 
  for if we give up the worship of the aedra , they will turn into nothing more than a shade of their former selves . 
  how big is the influence of the nedic gods of old ? 
  that is to say . 
  and how much mightier is the time dragon than phynaster ? 
  or ebonarm ? 
  infinitely mightier , that is to say .
