  the alik ' r have a history of trade , yet isolation . 
  this strange combination made it possible to survive the desert , while sticking to the old yokudan customs and believes . 
  the day to day live of a nomad is incredibly hard . 
  most of the alik ' r travel through the desert , from the port towns of the illiac bay to the more temperate zones along the colovian border , trading products . 
  they survive the long distance through the desert by making constant stops at the oases and dwemer wells sporadically spread throughout the desert . 
  due to the ever shifting character of the landscape , the alik ' r have been known to ` read ' the desert . 
  this is a religious and magickal ritual , in which a mage specialised in sand magicka divines the sand , and guides his tribe to a source of water and food . 
  most of the alik ' r do not have this gift , and are instead more focussed on tracking , remembering old routes via landmarks in the dessert , and trading with the people living around the desert . 
  while the alik ' r are some of the most trusted when it comes to transportation of goods , they are n't very popular in hammerfell . 
  indeed , in colloquial speech , an `` alik ' r trick '' is synonymous with ripping someone off . 
  the only group that is remotely friendly with the nomads are the halls of the virtues of wars , the temples of the sword-singers , which are predominantly found in the deserts , to stay away from regional politics . 
  the alik ' r are the main source of food and water for these temples . 
  alik ' r custom is very similar to that of the early settlers of hammerfell , combined with many necessities for surviving the desert , and has survived most of the imperialisation of the province . 
  the alik ' r are cloaked completely in long , light drapes , mostly black or red . 
  this is to provide protection from the sun and sand , as well as a means of cooling the body . 
  when near populous areas , the alik ' r make a custom of putting black and gold studded leather over the cloaks , to add some protection when dealing with less than sound partners . 
  along with the armour , alik ' r are most easily recognised by their scimitars , carried on the hip . 
  trade is the main source of income for this people , and as such alik ' r will go to extreme lengths for a maximum profit and the protection of their goods . 
  since they are skilled bargainers and shrewd traders , many people have taken a disliking of the group , as they are able to sell and buy anything at the best cost . 
  most redguards accuse them of stealing and ripping off . 
  while it is not entirely unthinkable that the alik ' r can make unfair deals , alik ` rs are n't convicted disproportionally for thievery and fraud . 
  the nomad groups are generally comprised of ten to twenty individuals , often family . 
  the groups have a strong hierarchy when it comes to command and the distribution of water and food . 
  the highest in the group is the patriarch or matriarch , whose family name is used to name the group . 
  directly below him is the sand mage , followed by the trackers , the traders , the tamers of the pack animals , when available ( guars are popular ) , and at the bottom children and travellers . 
  children are n't always present , as most groups have nowadays taken to bringing them under at family or friends in the cities until they are old enough to help the tribes . 
  when food is scarce , the people in the lower ranks are sometimes left in the desert , in order to preserve the rest of the group . 
  alik ' r religion is virtually the same as the ancient yokudan pantheon , with addition of the personifications of the sand and desert . 
  without boring the audience hoping to understand the alik ' r with tales of the yokudans , i will focus on the worship of the desert and the sand . 
  the alik ' r desert is strange in that it seems to be one of the more magical places of tamriel . 
  according to the theory of the second era scholar afa-saryat , as described in her work * the alik ' r desert and its influence on magica and religion * ( daggerfall court press , 2e 473 ) , the sands of the alik ` r , being rocks grind down , radiate the magicka once stored in them during their creation . 
  as a result , the stones and sand have developed a memory ( albeit no sentience ) , and the mages of the alik ' r have found ways of reading this memory , so that they can trace their way through the vast desert . 
  because of this , the sands fulfil a protective and caring nature in the alik ' r pantheon , although they can also appear as vengeful . 
  the desert on the other hand is always a deity of torture and pain . 
  the sands often work for her , but , since they are smaller and know the people 's every inch of body , they also pity them . 
  the alik ' r have mostly resented imperial cult missionaries , as they are considered a burden to the travelling groups . 
  apart from this , the alik ' r belief that refraining from worshipping the sands and desert makes them mad , which means the end of the alik ` r. 
  the alik ' r are a group that has not been given enough attention . 
  their strange , hate-love relation with the desert and sand is something worthy of any anthropological research . 
  the alik ' r have found a way to live where no other can . 
  the ashlanders of morrowind are probably the best known `` primitives '' of tamriel . 
  these dunmer scouring the wastes of northern morrowind are show some of the oldest forms of dunmer society . 
  the ashlanders originate from the aldmer tribes led by veloth that settled modern day morrowind . 
  these tribes moved to the northern ash covered coast of vvardenfell , and from there on some have moved to the mainland . 
  when the chimer founded there great house system , the ashlanders kept their more tribal and nomad way . 
  this caused some division between the great house chimer and the ashlanders , but both lived relatively isolated from each other . 
  with the rise of the tribunal , the division between the ashlanders and great house chimer/dunmer further increased . 
  instead of venerating the trinity of almalexia , sotha sil , and vivec , the ashlanders retained the initial worship of the three good daedra : boethiah , azura , and mephala , as well as the ancestor worship . 
  this made the great house dunmer brand them heretics and blasphemers , as well as primitive . 
  the ashlanders , on the other hand , considered ( and still do , to some extend ) the great house dunmer as traitors and worshippers of false gods . 
  the ashlanders lived in isolation for a long time , only of interest to the dissident priests , a shadow group of the tribunal temple interested in the true history of the tribunal , and the prophecies of the anticipations . 
  during the blight crisis , the nerevarine , with aid from the dissident priests , made way to the ashlander tribes on vvardenfell , and was named nerevarine by them . 
  after the crisis , with the destruction of the sharmat dagoth ur and the tribunal temple , the great house dunmer stopped their veneration of the tribunal , instead returning to their original faith of the triune house . 
  this saw some increased interest and respect for the ashlanders , who were considered keepers of the old faith . 
  during the red year , many of the ashlander tribes were destroyed or scattered , although some of them might have survived on the mainland and the far corners of vvardenfell . 
  the ashlanders have a rather tough life in the ashlands . 
  most of the diet is based on some of the local edible roots and berries , as well as guar , alit , and cliff racer meat ( before the work of saint jiub ) . 
  most of the day is filled with scavenging food , with some breaks for religious practices . 
  the exact rituals and tasks of the tribes varies , as all have a distinct culture , as well as different places with varying fertility of the ground . 
  most are skilled with the bow and arrow , although magic seems to be less popular than with the great house dunmer . 
  ashlanders are not the friendliest of people . 
  outsiders are generally met with suspicion and silence , and have to proof themselves if they hope to speak with the ashkhan or wise woman . 
  this varies per tribe , though , as some are more welcoming , and some shun any outlander at sight . 
  ashlander society knows strong roles within the tribe . 
  at the top is the ashkhan , who decides what happens in the tribe , as well as being the highest judge of the group . 
  directly below him are the gulakhans , who serve as protectors of the tribe and ashkan , as well as the greeters of newcomers . 
  loose from the general chain of command is the wise woman , who is tasked with the remembering of the prophecies and myths of the tribe , as well as overseeing any religious practice and ceremony . 
  the other members of the tribe are less organised , and focus predominantly on the gathering of food , crafting of tools and yurts , fashioning of clothing and jewellery , or maintaining the tribes burial cave . 
  ashlander religion is much the same as it was throughout morrowind before the coming of the tribunal . 
  at the centre are the three good daedra , as well as the ancestor worship still somewhat practiced by the great houses . 
  the third era dissident priest mehra milo , in her work * religion in the ashland region * ( temple press , 3e 430 ) , claims that the corners of the house of troubles ( malacath , mehrunes dagon , molag bal , sheogorath ) also appear in the dunmer faith , which is further supported by marcus flavi 's work * life of the ashlander tribes * ( royal igs press , 4e 156 ) . 
  it should be noted , however , that there has been little further research into the religious practices of the ashlanders , partially due to the fact that ashlanders do n't easily speak to non-ashlanders . 
  the ashlanders strongly resent the tribunal , and still refuse to accept them as saints in the reformed triune temple . 
  as well as these characters , the nerevarine and the sharmat play important roles . 
  these prophecies , which were forbidden in temple literature , but kept by the ashlander tribes , detail the rise of dagoth ur , his destruction by the nerevarine , as well as the death of the tribunal . 
  while this meant that ashlanders were targets for the ordinators of the temple , it did mean that the nerevarine could learn of his destiny in the late third era . 
  the importance of religion differs per tribe . 
  some , like the urshilaku , value it greatly , and the wise woman holds an important position in this tribe . 
  others , like the erabenimsun , have little interest in the ways of religion or prophecy , and the wise woman is only present as a formality . 
  the ashlanders of morrowind are interesting in that they , despite their size , have been influential in tamrielic wide events . 
  they have found a strange combination of living in some of the most inhospitable areas of the continent , and the keeping of the old ways of their race . 
  i 've been working part-time for a supermarket in the netherlands for two years now , to earn some extra money after school . 
  most of our costumers and staff are pretty relaxed people , but not all , apparently . 
  easy thursday afternoon . 
  the supermarket i work in is just a small branch of the chain , and most of our customers are either yups working in the office buildings nearby , or students coming from the university buildings . 
  this means our peak hours are in the morning and evening , and the afternoons are normally pretty easy-going . 
  since we are so small , some of our normal shelf-fillers also do the fruit and vegetable department . 
  this includes me , being at the very bottom of the company . 
  anyway , this woman , probably in her late thirties/early forties walks in , and looks at the mango stand , which is empty . 
  she calls me over , and we have the following conversation :, 
   woman : i 'm sorry , do you still have some mangos ? 
   me : sorry , no . 
  we have some problems with the distributor , so we are all out . 
  we have a small sign put next to the price , so you can see which products we have and have not . 
  [ this is bassically the standard talk we give when we have those problems ] . 
  normally , the costumer either gives a slightly dissatisfied `` oh '' , or starts smiling a bit ashamed of not noticing , and continue shopping . 
  not this one , though . 
   woman : ( very angry ) why do n't you look downstairs , then ?!, 
   me : ( somewhat surprised ) er . . yeah , sorry . 
  i have already checked the storage earlier today , and i am pretty confident that we do n't have any mango 's .
