  their knowledge is also based on magicka and books , not politics or current events and alliances . 
  they would be a great help with magic and history stusy , but when it comes down to the currents of politics , a central organisation ( one that your enemies can access as well ) , and is riddled with imperial agents , it is not your safest bet . 
  on the other hands , a merchant who just came from your rivals territory and talks with hundress of people a day wo n't notice a lone maid asking about the current events in wayrest . 
  nords are n't descendends of nedes . 
  that is imperial bullshit septim used to consilidate his reign as emperor of men . 
  the nedes never left tamriel , while the nords descend from atmorans , who came back from atmora . 
   the usual imperial arrogance . 
  the hoary old `` out of atmora '' theory has been widely discredited ( no reputable archaeologist would publicly support it these days ) , but the imperial geographers continue to beat the drum of the nordic fatherland in the best tradition of the septim empire . 
  they seem to think that the imprimature of officialdom gives their outdated scholarship added weight -- which , unfortunately , it appears to in the eyes of the ever-gullible public which continues to snap up the latest pocket guides along with the rest of their imperial certified pablum . 
  this is a forum post by kurt kuhlman , a developer , in his forum character hasphat antabolis . 
  it disproves the nords are nedes theory . 
  there is also something in the song of the return iirc , but i 'm on phone right now . 
  also , the pge was published by the igs , which is notoriously untrustworthy when it comes to anthropology . 
  i would put atmoran between nord and wanderer . 
  the cyrodiils and bretons are descendents of the nedes . 
  the bretons had more elven influence , and that is why they are considered a different race ( which you put exellently in the graph ) . 
  the kothringi are descendents of nedes for as far as i know , but being a race of black marsh , there might have been some fuckery from the hist involved ( possibly ) . 
  no problem . 
  happy to help :d, 
  might be a failed experiment , or taking out natural competition . 
  the failed experiment is a theory i for one quite like . 
  i always thought the hist were from the previous dream . 
  also , mk mentioned that the amaranth has an antithesis in the hist , which leads me to believe they are somehow a subgradient above the et ` ada . 
  some notes on the new ( third ) version :, 
  i think it is pretty safe to say that the dwemer are extinct . 
  they uncreated themselves and are , for all intents and purposes , dead . 
  with the current line up , it looks like the kothringi are the ancestors of imperials and bretons ( but that seems more like a small oversight or spacement issue ) . 
  maybe a mention of y' ffre shaping the bosmer ? 
  at least , that is what they believe . 
  altmer keep it at breeding with men . 
  nice touch with the colours and borders . 
  it looks great and structured . 
  also , i really like the ` incertainty ' tag the yokudans had . 
  the problem with morality in the tes universe , is that ypu are imposing a morality on a world and a religious system that does not have it . 
  in the elder scrolls , forces are divided in anuic ( stasis-loving ) and padomaic ( change-loving ) . 
  while it is sometimes assumed padomaic is intricatly bad , this is a simple and flawed mortal point of view . 
  destruction is always percieved as a negative force , but just like a pheonix , greater things can rise from the ash . 
  my point is , that every form of morale is individual . 
  if you think it is wrong , than you do n't trap souls . 
  if do n't think it 's evil ( or just do n't give a damn ) , than nothings stopping you from killing it , orphaning its children ( or slaughtering them as well ) . 
  normally , the moment is referred to as a the year the games started , so it is safe to assume the main quest took place in the span of one year . 
  exceptions are the expansions of morrowind , which canonically take place a year later . 
  still , bethesda normally makes sure one way of playing does not exclude others , so a main quest finished 10 years after the start of the game is n't necessairily uncanon . 
  yeah , yagrum bagarn is an exception ( but if we 're nitpicky we might say the same for the falmer and those rumoured ayleid tribes . 
  you made the chart , your choice ) . 
  y' ffre is hard . 
  he is described as an earthbone ( dead aedra who became the ` bones ' of mundus ( nature and its rules ) ) . 
  however , being dead , i would think him unable to do such things . 
  also , the altmer say it 's interbreeding with men . 
  i think / u/lebiro or / u/opgreenback now more about the ancestry of the bosmer . 
  i like it a lot !, 
  dreughs are actually mer . 
  they are remnants of aldmer mages who shapeshifted to fight the sload . 
  most races share the same tree . 
  the races of pyandonea , yokudans , and atmorans are put in the chart . 
  when it comes to the sload and races of akavir , the ancestry is hard to point down . 
  it is gennerally accepted that the tsaeci are also descendents of the wanderers , but apart from that , i do n't know . 
  uesp is also somewhat wrong in the ancestry of men . 
  they stick to in-game sources , which is mostly the pge , which is propaganda . 
  the nedes are the ancestors of imperials and bretons , but they never left tamriel . 
  the atmorans , the ancestos of nods , however , left for atmora , and returned later . 
  they have no futher relation to nedes than that they all descend from the wanderers , just like redguards . 
  that 's db bullshit . 
  anu and padomay are the primal forces . 
  in their struggle the first subgradoents took shape : anui-el and sithis . 
  they are the souls of anu and padomay . 
  they are their unconcious drive . 
  the hist refer sithis in that this drive of change is what spurs creation and growth . 
  fair enough . 
  i can see why they would strike deals with daedra a la dwemer . 
  still , i 'm wondering if they perceive a difference in their actions and their ideals . 
  but yeah , daedra worship to some extent makes sense . 
  redguards are related to the other races of men . 
  the nords are nedes theory is a false , archaic prppaganda tool . 
  when interbreeding , a child takes his mothers race , with traits of his father . 
  that is why some emperors were breton , and some imperial . 
  also , the gray prince , while still an orc , had an imperial father . 
  the lore is more or less open source . 
  bethesda does take mind of it , but the games should still be enjoyable for all , and a lore heavy game would not do well with the general audiance . 
  they know the old developers and current developers that write most of the forum posts and oog sources , but they probably have their own course set . 
  arena does not have a huge amount of lore . 
  the most interesting thing in daggerfall were the city states , but the warp fucked that up . 
  the numidium was nice , though . 
  that is the nedes theory , and it 's bullshit . 
  nedes never left tamriel . 
  the igs and tiber septim made up the theory to legitimise his position as emperor of men . 
  he was a brilliant strategist and politician , but he was also the biggest narcissist you 'll find . 
  why do you think he achieved chim ? 
  well , yeah , but we ca n't really consult them ( we , as in , us right now , looking at our screen ) . 
  normally , the elder scrolls are incountable . 
  the white gold towee , however , acted as a big creatia magnet , which the elder scrolls are . 
  with the mythical importance of tamriel , i doubt it would leave it . 
  i think the heart was originnaly used . 
  the mantella is of later date ( tiber septims time ) , and i doubt the dwemer had access to three shezzarines . 
  also , kagrenac used the tools , which septim ( or the agent ) lacked when opperating the mantella numidium . 
  o , numidium still exists . 
  only in an alternative timeline , stuck fighting alinor . 
  all races originated on tamriel . 
  they were first the ehlnofey . 
  after the ehlnofey wars ended , they split in two .
