  i 've been playing with this idea for a while , but i have finally been able to write it down . 
  i figured it would be best in the form of three posts , each dealing with a different asset of the imperial might . 
  up untill the dramatic collapse of the imperial hegemony in the late third and early fourth era , cyrodiil , and with that the imperial culture , had been dominant throughout the provinces of the empire . 
  some of the more important aspects of this spread of culture , ideals , and religion were the economy of cyrodiil , the ideals and philosophy in the empire , and the form of their pantheon and religion . 
  ** economy **, 
  the hegemony in world trade was only achieved relatively late by cyrodiil . 
  while cyrodiil was an important political player in the first and second era due to its centred position on tamriel , and the resolve and tenaciousness of its inhabitants , their economical power was surprisingly weak . 
  indeed , most of the wealth of the second empire was produced by imperials , but not in cyrodiil . 
  this was due to the limited amount of goods the imperials were able to export . 
  before the rise of tiber septim , the imperial economy was mostly based on the export of ancestor moth silk and various types of spirits , due to the tropical climate making widespread agriculture impossible . 
  the spirits gave just a small marginal profit , due to the scarceness of the necessary products , but due to the size of the export , and the renown of such spirits as cyrodiilic brandy and shadowbanish wine , it is notable nonetheless . 
  the backbone of imperial export at the time was , as stated earlier , based on the silk produced by the ancestor moth . 
  this type of silk shows a surprising amount of strength , while still flexible and soft enough ( when treated properly ) to offer comfort to the wearer . 
  along with the excellent quality and properties of the silk , the massive scale of production in nibenay made the silk affordable not only to the highest of nobility , but also to the richer traders and lower lords . 
  an important note here , is that the silk production was mostly restricted to nibenay , and colovia was left out of the loop , which partially caused the difference in culture of the two regions . 
  it also explains the relative peace and richness of the area around the niben , as opposed to the many wars and skirmishes for scrapes of fertile land in colovia . 
  the economy of cyrodiil was boosted at the start of the second empire , due to its ties with the lands of akavir , causing a strong influx in luxury goods . 
  apart from the products already exported by the imperials , the people of cyrodiil were also able to import various spices and new products from akavir , and selling them to the rest of the continent . 
  with colovia and nibenay united , the former now profited from the new trade economy as well . 
  furthermore , the cyrodiilic smiths learned from their akaviri colleagues , crafting new equipment . 
  while these crafting techniques had lost their popularity in the third empire , they were still employed by the blades , and , at the time of the reman emperors , were a good source of income . 
  it should be noted , though , that it was not purely an imperial business . 
  the dunmer had also learned from the akaviri invaders , but favoured their own crafts mostly , gicing more room to the cyrodiilic smiths . 
  secondly , cyrodiil had never been very rich in resources , and most of those had to be imported from the corners of the empire , most notably skyrim and high rock , further trimming down the profits . 
  the major shock in the cyrodiilic economy came with tiber septim , who , in honour of his red legions , changed cyrodiil 's climate to a more temperate one . 
  this made sizeable agriculture more viable , and made cyrodiil one of the biggest exporters of basic food items , including grain and meat . 
  with both a luxuries trade and a basic trade , the imperial province was able to quickly grow its economic power . 
  an important factor in the quick rise of the imperial economical hegemony was the rather protective stance the empire took for the imperial trade , as the empire was still the empire of cyrodiil above the empire of tamriel . 
  with the agricultural trade secured , the third empire set its sights on different fronts . 
  the port cities of anvil and leyawiin quickly grew in size . 
  while anvil mostly focussed on the trade with the western provinces and the remains of yokuda , and was a port city in its own right , the ports of leyawiin and the imperial city worked closely together , due to their position at various lengths of the niben . 
  the trade on the niben was also important as it was the heart of the east empire company , that had a strong monopoly on any trade surrounding morrowind and skyrim . 
  with the inclusion of morrowind into the empire , the long isolationist dunmer were forced to open their borders to imperial traders . 
  due to their past seclusion from tamriel-wide trade , the imperials found a land with almost endless possibility . 
  this quickly led to the establishment of the east empire company , which held a monopoly on any trade from morrowind , which is a rich source of not only primary goods as ebony and glass , but was also renowned for its richness in dwemer artefacts ( wanted by many a collector and scholar , and praised for their everlasting quality ) and local products , such as shin , salt rice , and kwama eggs , as well as luxury goods as the famous telvanni bug musk perfume . 
  the hegemony in trade collapsed with the empire as a whole . 
  with the secession of many provinces , in some cases taken over by the aldmeri dominion , and the destruction of parts of morrowind , and the disbandment of its infrastructure , the imperials were unable to keep their monopolies , losing one of their main sources of income . 
  the final blow was delivered with the great war , which saw much of the cyrodiilic farmland destroyed ( especially in colovia , which entered another time of poverty ) , caused cyrodiil to lose its position as the grain shed of tamriel . 
  the imperial economy was quick to rise due to its peoples focus on trade . 
  with the luxury trade safe , and their climate changed , the imperials could create the biggest trade imperium in the history of tamriel . 
  this changed with the final collapse of the empire , causing the economical hegemony in the balance . 
  the status of a hegemonial power is not only based on its economy . 
  another very important aspect is culture , and how it treats others . 
  culture, 
  the strength of the imperial culture lies in its tolerance and its individuality . 
  indeed , the imperials are , along with the bosmer of valenwood , some of the most tolerant people on tamriel , how little that says . 
  early signs of imperial tolerance were already present during the first empire . 
  while the now united cyrods hade a score to settle with the ayleids , they did leave alone the few ayleid city-states that survived the onslaught during the slave rebellion . 
  while this was partially out of pragmatism , as the newly found empire was still relatively disorganised and not able to besiege the cities , it did give rise to much trade , which showed more peaceful contact between the two races . 
  this changed , however , with the rise of the alessian order , which ordered the destruction of the last remains of ayleid culture . 
  another form of tolerance from the imperials was the inclusion of the akaviri into the imperial court . 
  while these had been the enemy of the past , the imperial aristocracy saw a chance to include and assimilate the akaviri , giving a huge influx of knowledge and skill . 
  this changed with the akaviri potentates , which was the end of akaviri influence . 
  afterwards , cyrodiil was yet again plunched into a time of disarray . 
  with the third empire , a new wave of semi-tolerance was created . 
  the empire annexed the entire continent , imposing its own law , and attempts were made to out-manuever local aristocracy ( which led to problems in regions which were traditionally strong on local fiefdoms , like high rock , the summerset isles , and morrowind ) . 
  still , the empire allowed local religion and philosophy , and the imperial cult had just a slim presence in areas which had stronger local cults , as illustrated in the province of morrowind . 
  while the imperials have strong ideas on religion , with everything besides the nine divines generally deemed evil by the general populace , there is no legislature in effect to deny anyone their religious freedom . 
  daedra worship and necromancy are officially legal under imperial law , but are still seen as evil by the people . 
  apart from the religious aspects of the imperial culture ( which will be dealt with in a later issue ) , the social themes are incredibly important . 
  the strength in imperial culture goes beyond simple indifference ; there is n't a strong idea that everyone should be entitled to their own believes and philosophies , but more that those are n't important issues . 
  as a result , most people are not interested in the religions outside of their home ( which led to many scholastic mistakes , like the common assumption that most aedra are the same throughout tamriel , just under a different name ) . 
  the main strength lies in the cyrodiilic adaptability . 
  cyrodiil was able to incorporate elements of their conquered territories . 
  this lead to the use of techniques and knowledge from outside of the imperial cultural sphere . 
  this knowledge was not simply taken from outside of cyrodiil . 
  due to the economy already being at strength , and the imperial city being the strongest political centre on the continent , it had a huge attracting force to most in the empire . 
  with a huge influx of people from all walks of life , and all places of the continent , the imperial city , and , with that , cyrodiil as a whole , could benefit from all these fragments of knowledge and skill , learning and adapting . 
  with this vast collection of information and techniques , the imperials were able to create an even bigger imperium , further strengthening the hegemony . 
  the final important element of an hegemonial might is its religion . 
  it needs to be accepting of outsiders and recognisable to the masses . 
  the eight and nine divines meet these requirements . 
  religion, 
  the imperial religion is one of the few on tamriel that can track its founding to a certain event . 
  in the case of the cyrodiilic pantheon , this was after saint alessia proclaimed the first empire , and created a pantheon that was based of the one used by the ayleids , and as a result , their slaves , at the time ( predominantly aedric ) and the one that her nordic allies worshipped ( which was pro-man ) . 
  the result was the eight divines , which quickly became the biggest religion in cyrodiil , outgrowing the local ayleid religion quickly . 
  important changes in the cyrodiilic pantheon were the works of the alessian order , which saw a change in the worship of akatosh , and a more aggressive stance towards non-adherers , the inclusion of talos in the early third era , and the forced stop of talos worship in the fourth era . 
  in the first era , the marukhati selective , a sub-group within the alessian order , rewrote important aspects of the cyrodiilic faith . 
  these included a change in the persona of akatosh ( which may or may not be tied to mythopoeic events ) and making him even more a prime deity , and a harder stance towards people not worshipping the eight , with cases of violence against these people . 
  while eventually , around the time of the disbandment of the alessian order , the aggressive attitude stopped , and the other members of the eight regained their ancient importance , akatosh ' identity remained as it was after the dance of the selective . 
  the second great change in the eight divines was when tiber septim was deified in talos ( at least , that is how the general populace sees it . 
  in reality , tiber septim merged with wulfharth and zurin arctus to form talos ) , changing the eight divines into the nine . 
  along with the start of the talos cult , the imperial faith spread throughout tamriel , becoming the biggest religion on the continent . 
  the most recent change in the pantheon was when the white-gold concordat prohibited talos worship . 
  while all imperial institutions followed this new doctrine , talos worship was still prominent in the remaining imperial provinces under thalmor rule , albeit mostly underground . 
  the imperial religion is strange , compared to the imperial politics and economy . 
  while the empire was incredibly fluent and changing politically and economically , giving cyrodiil a greater adaptability , their religious doctrine stayed much the same ever since its founding . 
  however , this queerness might be its strength , as worshippers are rarely the subject of theological schisms . 
  the greatest strength of the imperial cult , however , is that it is not imperio-centric . 
  while some religions focus very much on the own race ( the temple , the y' ffre cult , and the yoku pantheon are examples of this ) , the imperial faith has a place for all . 
  their gods are not predominantly pro-imperial , although akatosh has helped out the imperials from time to time . 
  the chief exception to this is talos . 
  talos can be seen as a god centring on the own people . 
  however , this does get a different shape . 
  it should be clear by now that the third empire of tamriel was more an empire of cyrodiil . 
  still , tiber septim would become a god of the empire as a whole ( although he was more popular in human provinces ) . 
  these elements of the imperial faith give it its strength , and makes it very welcoming to outsiders . 
  with the spread of the imperial faith , imperial culture and values are quick to follow , making it easier for them to export their ideas back to cyrodiil , as well as making them feel imperial , and reinforcing imperial rule and law . 
  however , its strengths were also the downfall of the imperial cult . 
  in times of need , there is n deity that will protect the people .
