  the proto-germanic form is * dwergaz , which ' page mentions the etymology is uncertain , but it seemed linked to the sanskrit word for demon . 
  the root is older , but it does n't mean the word could n't be borrowed from old-norse , since that language had been influential in early mediaeval england . 
  the tree is a bit wrong though . 
  we have pie ( unknown word ) -  sanskrit , and pie ( unknown word ) -  proto-germanic - [ ]  old norse , and proto-germanic - [ ]  english ( -  tes ? ), 
  also , possibly old norse -  english , but i 'm not sure if that is the case here . 
  as a student of linguistics , i want my trees right , goddamnit :p, 
  aldmer comes from old english ald ( old ) , altmer from latin altus ( high/tall/long ) , dunmer from german dunkel ( dark ) , bosmer from either dutch bos ( forest ) or catalan bosc ( forest ) , maormer probably from the name maori . 
  falmer is still unclear , though , and ayleid has a completely different form as the other names to start with . 
  plus , he translated the edda ( which one i ca n't recall now ) , which is bassically the only source for old norse mythology . 
  ahem, 
  the emperor is tiber , the god is talos . 
  follow the same principle as with vehk and vehk . 
  we 're used to ifw . 
  you probably ca n't even begin to compare to his spam . 
  ( ps : i love you both , so please do n't make this a spam-off ) . 
  the main problem here , is that the entire assumption of your post is flawed . 
  in order for this to work , or to even begin to justify this attitude towards apocrypha and c0da , you would first need to assume the in-game world and bethlore to be absolute truths , ** which they are n't ** . 
  bethesda has never said that something published is right , and have even actively contradicted their own stories . 
  the pge , first edition , comes to mind . 
  in it , you can find many notes left behind by the previous owner , presumably an altmer , outright saying that the book is wrong . 
  that does n't mean that one of them is right , as both can be bullshitting . 
  and do n't even get us started on how dragonbreaks fuck up timelines ( undermining your point of a single tes timeline ) . 
  bethesda has always played with the truths of their franchise , and has always given us the freedom to play with it ourselves . 
  this is what makes the tes universe interesting . 
  everything has the potential of being right or wrong . 
  tes , in essence , is about doing what you like , and making your own story . 
  it is only normal that that idea is also extended to the lore of the series . 
  basicaly , ehlnofey were lesser aedra . 
  some aedra got destroyed , some kept their powers and became comatose , some became mortal , and could only continue through reproduction . 
  this last group were the ehlnofey , and they are the ancestors of the modern races ( with the probable exception of the argonians ) . 
  during the dawn era , a war broke out between them , splitting the groups in the old ehlnofey , who became the aldmer and from there on out the other races of mer , and the wanderers , who became the races of men . 
  excactly where and in what form the ehlnofey lived is unknown , and unknowable . 
  the dawn did n't know fixed patterns , and time and space were constantly distorted and transformed . 
  all we know is that tamriel is the birthplace of life , but some sources claim the continents only split at the end of the dawn . 
  interestingly , there is a source ( which i should search for again , one day ) thqt mentions the ehlnofey as appearing as man , animal , object , and song . 
  i guess this boils down to a different look at the events . 
  men seem to mostly see themselves ( or mortals in general ) as the result of the plays of the more powerful aedra , while mer believe they themselves ( or at least their ancestors ) took part in the whole process . 
  i guess there is something to be said for both sides . 
  the proto-ehlnofey definitely took part in creation , but the question is to what extend . 
  also , what myrr says : the `` immortal forces '' refers to the aedra . 
  the ehlnofey were initially et ` ada as well , the term is technically only used for the mortal ` race ' . 
  was that before of after the romans ? 
  [ since we 're doing that , here is my first post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/1ilam7/what_is_the_exact_identity_of_pelinal_whitestrake/ ), 
  this was from a bit less than a year and a half ago . 
  directly after it , i started on the species , and got increasingly involved and interested ( to the new guys , i was like ifw , but of lower quality ) . 
  and here i still am , a year and a half later . 
  i really wish i could still be as active as i was then , but things have kind of changed . 
  between the last anniversary and now i have :, 
  * finished high school, 
  * started university, 
  * joint a student association, 
  * tried to set up a life in a different city, 
  * started to work more, 
  i 'm fucking bussy with my real life , so i do n't really have that much time anymore for this sub ( or not as much as i hoped for ) . 
  anyway , happy anniversary to everyone , and to many more !, 
  two small notes on the tree :, 
  i would say yokudan is still alive . 
  it was that way anyway at the time of the sword-meeting with vivec . 
  also , i have my doubts with falmeris being a descendant of dwemeris . 
  i assume that dwemeri influences would be very late , and that falmeris was already a developed language when they became enslaved . 
  i can imagine the way dwemeis functioned on falmeris . 
  with the yoku language , are we forgetting the fact that the orichalc islands are still a thing ? 
  void travel is actually pretty normal in the tes universe . 
  the pge makes remarks about the reman void missions , as well as those of the ad . 
  the game battlespire takes place on a giant void battle-station . 
  tiber septim 's sword-meeting with cyrus the restless also takes place in space , most notably the imperial colony on one of the moons . 
  magic based , but the distinction is pretty vague in tes . 
  magic flows from aetherius through the sun into the mortal world , and possibly into oblivion as well through other means . 
  all forms of life ( and every process ) uses this magickal energy . 
  magicka is a force of nature . 
  using a combustion engine or magic to drive a ship is pretty much the same when you look at it from that perspective ; both utilise a natural phenomena to achieve something . 
  i have an r in my name , does that count ? 
  they had . 
  the imperials and the khajiit had colonies on there . 
  still though , supporting a colony ( especially in a place which is n't really fit for extended staying ) is expensive , and at least the imperials abandoned the project somewhere after the sword-meeting . 
  with everything going around during the early fourth era , i doubt the imperials would really spend their gold on a moon-colony , when they can barely keep standing on nirn in the first place . 
  aetherius had been attempted . 
  i ca n't really recall if it was a success or not , though . 
  i have n't heard about void travel to oblivion ( possibly because portals are a bit easier to make ) , but i guess it would be possible as well . 
  also , i really do n't mind the questions . 
  if i do n't answer , someone else will . 
  why would they ? 
  the daedra do n't really have much to gain from ruling nirn ( if that is even possible ) . 
  there are some exceptions here , but since conquest is n't really their sphere ( that 's talos ' ) , they kind of suck at it . 
  also , like i said earlier , portals are easier . 
  there do n't have to be ten , though . 
  if the legion structure is anything like the roman system , the number simply means when it was raised , and the count kept on going even when a legion was destroyed or disbanded . 
  now , it does n't have to be anything like the roman legion , and i think ten legions is a very conservative number for a military force that basically ruled a continent . 
  dagon is one of those exceptions . 
  he would n't have been able to conquer mundus , though , and would fail at that . 
  i guess his plan was to destroy it or purge it in flames , but i 'm not really sure . 
  ( mojo knows more about this than i do ), 
  the lessons seem to treat the `` letter '' names ( ayem , sehti , vehk ) as theonyms . 
  in the case of vivec , it holds importance as he is actually two sides ( vehk the mortal and vehk the god ) , but seeing that he is a god in his own right , and has achieved chim , i think it is safe to say that he is an exception on it , and the reasons for sotha sil and almalexia might be different . 
  exactly . 
  whatever white noise looks like . 
  or just pure , blinding light , if that is anything different from the first thing . 
  because orcs , like any other race , are individuaks . 
  it sounds really white-knight-ly , but racial tendencies do not need to reflect the individual . 
  an orc can fully agree with the sixth house .
