  while imperial and provincial law superceded any decision made by a jarl , the latter was rarely enforced much , depending on the will and the strength of the political position of the high king at the time . 
  the lack of upholding of provincial law had partially to do with the process of crowning a new high king . 
  when the position of high king was vacant , the jarls of skyrim would call together a moot , in which they elected a new high king from among their midst , who would take up the jagged crown , as well as fulfil the duties of his own hold . 
  this gave the individual holds a surprising amount of power over province-wide legislation , with the position not falling on a candidate who would not support their sovereignty . 
  this did not mean that the jarls were all powerful in their own holds . 
  jarls had to take the will of the locals and other nobility very much in account . 
  this was due to the nords being quick to resort problems with violence and pride in combat . 
  if someone disagreed with the rule of a jarl , or even with that of the high king themselves , or made claim on the position , they were entitled to a duel . 
  while this traditionally was to the death , yielding was deemed sufficient , and was the common way to end a duel in the late third era . 
  this custom finds its history in the atmoran days , where chieftains who were unfit for rule were displaced by stronger individuals , who first had to prove their valour and strength against the former ruler . 
  while skyrim had gone a long way from their traditional roots , the strong combat-focussed attitude of nordic culture required the jarl or high king to be constantly ready for combat . 
  surprising for a people known for their light temper and stubbornness , skyrim remained relatively free of infighting on a major scale , unlike provinces like cyrodiil and hammerfell . 
  the nords were relatively quick to join the empire , and during their imperial days , relatively few conflicts have been fought out between holds or factions . 
  another interesting thing about skyrim is that it is noteworthy in its absence of backstabbing and corruption . 
  while the nords were not free from misrule from time to time , these problems were often resolved in very open and clear , and to some somewhat barbaric , ways . 
  this is partially the reason that many nords are still portrayed as having a lack of tact . 
  contemporary developments, 
  like other provinces of the empire , skyrim was hit by the oblivion crisis . 
  while this caused much unrest in the other provinces , skyrim was back on its feet relatively fast , and remained supportive of the empire during the collapse of the empire in the aftermath of the crisis . 
  remaining an imperial province , skyrim was relatively calm during an otherwise chaotic time . 
  this helped in restoring some old sores with other areas , as they gave up on their claim of solstheim in the wake of the red year . 
  skyrim remained a part of the empire through the great war , helping the empire in holding off the aldmeri dominion . 
  ironically , the end of the great war saw the start of conflict within skyrim itself . 
  with the empire having their hands tied due to the white-gold concordat , the nords felt neglected , and independence movements began to form , the most notable being the stormcloaks ( who want an independent skyrim ) , and the forsworn ( who want an independent reach ) . 
  recently , the stormcloaks have fallen in a civil war over unclarity over the details of the duel between former high king torygg and ulfric stormcloak , the jarl of windhelm . 
  the politics of skyrim are noteworthy in their lack of backroom politics and backstabbing . 
  while this is often seen as somewhat primitive on the nords behalf , it is also a somewhat respectable side to an otherwise hard form of politics . 
  the reachmen of the reach , stretching over the border of skyrim and high rock , are a culture distinct from that of the nords and bretons . 
  with a very turbulent history , the reachmen are an interesting culture to deal with . 
  the origin of the reachmen is older than written records , and it seems they formed as tribes went to settle around the mountain passes of the druadach mountains . 
  genealogical evidence seems to point towards a predominant nedic ancestry of the reachmen , although the traces of atmoran , orsimeri , altmeri , and even falmeri descent are stronger in the prototypical reachman than in any other race . 
  while it seems that the reach , in ancestry , religion , and culture is distinct from any other on tamriel , recent linguistic research has revealed the relation between the language of the reach and the historical language of northern high rock ( see medb of karth , * on the druadach family , and its related languages * , winterhold press , 4e 197 ) . 
  the reach is one of the most contested areas in northern tamriel , and as such , the reachmen have had much experience with war . 
  the first major recorded conflict was after the fall of the first empire of the nords , which saw the aldmeri forces retaking parts of the reach , killing of most of the nordic population in the area . 
  this caused the nordic blood in the reachmen to be less than one would expect for a people living in skyrim , and reducing the nordic language to a substrate of the reachian language ( see medb of karth 4e 197 ) . 
  many other wars followed , often with the empire and the nords , although the reach nowadays falls fully under imperial rule , and both the provincial rule of high rock and skyrim . 
  the most notable of these conflicts was the conquest of empress hestra in the first era . 
  at the time , the reach was divided in ten different kingdoms , who , due mostly infighting , were quickly suppressed by the alessians . 
  during the early days , some renegade kings led multiple uprisings against the alessians . 
  this gave rise to the reachian epic of the rape of the reach , although the exact historicity of the epic is highly debated . 
  remaining relatively unscathed by the collapse of the second empire , the reachmen found themselves more powerful than ever , conquering huge swaths of land in both high rock and cyrodiil . 
  while this was one of the most impressive feats of the reachmen , it was short lived , and after little more than thirty years , the so called longhouse emperors were overthrown between 2e 573 and 2e 577 . 
  this also saw the end of most of the reachian influence in history , although they did have short periods of influence in skyrim and high rock due to their involvement with the admeri dominion in the later days of the second era . 
  this changed mostly with the conquest of tiber septim in the waning days of the second era . 
  during his conquest , the reachmen were subdued for the last time , and are , to this day , part of the empire of tamriel . 
  even though imperial rule has been in place for centuries now , independence movements remain prevalent under the reachmen . 
  the most notable group are the forsworn , a terrorist faction that plagues the non-reach population of the reach , making use of political assassination and sabotage , while gaining resources with illicit trade and cross-border smuggling . 
  while most reachmen would not sympathise with the forsworn themselves , many do feel as if they are unrightfully conquered by the empire , and are not completely unsympathetic to the forsworn ideology and goals . 
  reachian culture nowadays is almost undistinguishable from that of the rest of skyrim and high rock , and it is one of the heavier imperialised areas on the continent . 
  still , the reach retains some traits that are unique to it , most notably their extensive oral tradition . 
  what a traveller in any inn in the reach will find out , is that the average reachman will know at least three stories for every hill in his general surrounding , and is willing to tell it . 
  while the current tradition is in no way reflective of the one practiced by the bards and poets of the past , it is still highly peculiar and well developed , rivalling the old aldmeri epics at times . 
  marcus flavi ( 4e 127 ) proposed that this was due to the late arrival of literacy in the area ( and , as we know , literacy is bad for memory ) . 
  while the reachmen nowadays are similar in appearance to the other inhabitants of north-eastern tamriel , albeit with greater variation in appearance than the average nord or breton , this was not always the case . 
  traditional reachian garments can sometimes still be seen worn by the forsworn , although it is very likely that these might be more fantasised than really used . 
  imperial accounts seem to differ on this , although early imperial historiography is not known for its reliability . 
  traditionally , reachmen would wear simple clothing , often nothing more than a loincloth in the summer , and various sheets of animal skin in the winter . 
  the ancient religion of the reachmen remains a mystery to the modern scholar . 
  while the imperial cult is now dominant , and most of the folklore seems to refer to the eight divines , it is clear that these gods were not always worshipped in the reach . 
  the forsworn seem to worship hircine mostly , and his appearance in most of the native tales seems to point to him having a prominent position in the reachian pantheon . 
  judging from a decree issued by leovic , the last of the longhouse emperors , daedric worship was common , if not standard . 
  many scholars have proposed positions in the pantheon for molag bal and namira , among others , although this is based on ancient statues which barely represent the common depiction of these princes . 
  some scholars also propose a place for dibella , judging by the blood rituals performed by the forsworn ( who do not openly discuss their religion with outsiders ) , although this might also be a ritual in order to spoil and ridicule dibella , or just a creation by the forsworn themselves ( dibella is highly venerated in markarth , the main city of the reach ) . 
  what is clear about reachian religion is the importance of the hagravens and the briarhearts , creatures of magical and otherworldly power . 
  according to myth , a hagraven is born when an insane woman is impregnated by a normal man , giving birth to a hideous monster that is then abandoned in the forests . 
  these hagravens are the ones responsible for the briarhearts , men who have their heart replaced with a briar heart , a plant native to the reach . 
  according to myth , this practice was born during the conquest of hestra , although it seems the ritual is much older than that . 
  currently , most reachmen would stay far away from the hagravens or the briarhearts , due to their unpredictable nature , but the forsworn worship the former , while supplying men for the latter , and following them as commanders . 
  the reach , while barren and almost inhospitable , has an incredibly rich culture . 
  their history shaped by war , the reachmen have seen all elements of the empire , and have often played an important , while downplayed , role in the events of tamriel . 
  since i 'm a bit edging to write again , here is another series i will probably never finish !, 
  this time about the book `` the song of pelinal '' , starting off with the first volume , `` [ on his name ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_song_of_pelinal,_v_1 ) '', 
  the first 6 volumes start with the same short editorial note :, 
   volumes 1-6 are taken from the so-called reman manuscript located in the imperial library . 
  it is a transcription of older fragments collected by an unknown scholar of the early second era . 
  beyond this , little is known of the original sources of these fragments , some of which appear to be from the same period ( perhaps even from the same manuscript ) . 
  but , as no scholarly consensus yet exists on dating these six fragments , no opinions will be offered here . 
  while this does not deal with the whole pelinal myth , it does shed some light on the historical context of the text . 
  we know that the myth takes place somewhere between 1e 242 and 1e 243 , during the slave rebellion . 
  the myth was only later collected in a single source ( namely the reman manuscript ) , consisting of older material . 
  this is pretty standard with real world stories , where they would have been composed sometimes after the event , and often not transcribed until centuries afterwards . 
  the * textual * composition is from sometime prior to the early second era , maybe even first era , but the book itself does n't say anything about this . 
  volume 7 , at least ( which will be dealt with later ) , mentions that that scrap of paper possibly comes from the sixth century of the first era , and it is much more fragmented than the first 6 volumes . 
  it is possible that the story had survived as an oral tradition , but without the text in the language of writing ( probably some earlier cyrodiilic ) , it is hard to say . 
  on to the main text :, 
   that he took the name `` pelinal '' was passing strange , no matter his later sobriquets , which were many . 
  that was an elvish name , and pelinal was a scourge on that race , and not much given to irony . 
  perhaps his enemies named pelinal of their own in their tongue , but that is doubtful , for it means `` glorious knight '' , and he was neither to them . 
  we now know that pelinal stands for `` prototype extra-liminal interstitial nirnian assault lattice '' , which arguably is a retcon ( but a cool one ) . 
  however , it is still interesting to see that that name stuck around despite all the various nicknames and titles he got , which the text seems to imply . 
  it is possible that , while the ayleids and pelinal himself were n't a fan of it , the nedes ( and possibly the divines as well ) might have liked the irony of it . 
  it is also possible that the nedes used the ayleid language as a sort of prestige language , similar to how latin was used even by peoples who had a harder relation or attitude towards them ( like the franks ) in our world . 
  it also mentions pelinal 's massacre of the elves , which the song will deal with more later . 
   certainly , many others added to that name during his days in tamriel : he was pelinal the whitestrake because of his left hand , made of a killing light ;, 
  this is probably the best known title of pelinal . 
  `` killing light '' and `` left hand '' are interesting here . 
  killing light seems to imply magic , but there are no direct references to pelinal using magic actively in battle , only his sword and mace . 
  the fact that it is coupled with the left hand sparked other things in my mind , though , which are possibly ( maybe ) accidental , namely a possible connection to sword-singing . 
  killing light is the hardest to pin-point exactly in this context . 
  while some sword-singers are able to conjure swords from their soul , it is never directly stated that they actually shine .
