  i think we have a 90 % chance of a dead end here ( still , no telling what mk has in mind ) . 
  so also nine cities ... we ca n't apply this to vvardenfell or the illiac bay , though , although there were four city states left after the warp ( sentinel , daggerfall , wayrest , orsinium ) . 
  the godhead , maybe ? 
  it is stated that he became schyzophrenic from the conflict of anu and padomay ( getting maimed as is part of the observer role ) . 
  they only became aedra after the death of the underking , as talos could then support the zero-stone , effectively sacrificing some of his power to mundus , becoming a aedra . 
  edit : to clarify a bit more , the death of the underking and the destruction of the mentella made it possible for zurin and wulfharth to join tiber in the talos-oversoul , so this made him complete . 
  might be more than coincidence then , or did the textract predate the memospore arg ? 
  the explanation thing is actually a really good idea . 
  of course some things are easy to explain , but it would explain the symbolics of the sermons a lot , which is still very vague . 
  i think seeing them as the ` japanese-like creatures ' makes you look over too many important parts . 
  like the fact the the tsaeci were bassicaly man-sized vampire-snakes with arms . 
  of course the races have been based of real life people , but not entirely . 
  if we keep seeing them as just ` based-of ' we 'll not look at the details , which are important . 
  it does n't really have anything to do with the potency of blood . 
  in the tes universe , a newborn gets the race of his or her mother , with some traits from the father ( best example would be the gray prince in the arena in the imperial city ) . 
  since only the male aldmer in high rock had sexual contact with the local nedes , the children born were men , with some elven traits . 
  keep the interbreeding up long enough , and these traits become more apparent , eventually reaching a level that bretons were considered a individual race ( splitting from the imperials , who were also nede , but did not experience ( that amount of ) interbreeding with elves ) . 
  he gave himself ( retroactively ) to creation , so he sort of became aedra-like, 
  o , and of course 6 +1 ( the chimer houses + house dwemer ), 
  would a enantiomorph actually be necessary for things to spring from anu and padomay ? 
  or is it interpretation of the word union ? 
  possibly for the sake of prophecy ( mythical hero appearing on a mythical month , etc. 
  ) , but possibly nothing more than that . 
  well , some form of trinity is in most religions . 
  there is the trimurti in hinduism , with brahma the creator , vishnu the preserver , and shiva the destroyer . 
  there is also the celtic trinity with iirc earth , water and fire . 
  it is not so strange that three is a holy number . 
  a triangle has three corners , and the form of an arrow pointing up , towards the heavens . 
  i did n't know bretons like sheep that much, 
  house dwemer . 
  during the time of the first council , the chimer and dwemer lived peacefully with each other . 
  the dwarves got a say in the politics of resdayn , and were organised as house dwemer , under dumac dwarf king . 
  i do think the organisation of house dwemer was somewhat different from the other houses , although the different chieftains of the various clans could have the same role as the councillors in the remaining houses . 
  are the moth priest really expanded on in dawnguard ? 
  there was some explanation in oblivion already . 
  ( have n't played dawnguard ), 
  the `` souljewel count '' changed as well . 
  does that mean anything apart from just random coding ? 
  jyggalag is n't really a lost prince , though . 
  he exists in ( duality with ) sheogorath , after all . 
  it did became +1 after the war of the first counsil , though , with the persecutions and it 's cult and all that . 
   almost like these shrines have some sort of automated script attached to them that only triggers under specific conditions ... oh wait right ... 
  after reading some mk posts , i 'm convinced that that is less fourth wall breaking than it seems at first ... 
  yes , the mane is also a moon in itself . 
  yokuda was sunk by the redguards themselves . 
  they used the pankratosword ( a sword-singing technique ) which split the atomos ( uncutable ) . 
  it caused a nuclear explosion that litteraly destroyed almost the entire continent ( the orichalc islands still remain ) . 
  also , atmora is just the birthplace of the atmorans ( proto-nords ) . 
  the redguards originated from the yokudans , and the nords and bretons from the nedes , who never left tamriel . 
  all descend from the wanderers , a offshoot of the ehlnofey . 
   nirn could be an infinite plane, 
  i always thought that nirn was unique in being limited in size , due to the damage done during creation , with its creators getting sundered and such . 
  it works fine on android . 
  no problem at all . 
  will do . 
  i can only say something about the visual layout , because i know nothing of coding or actual designing . 
  are we starting that ` dunmer : masterrace ' discussion again ? 
  boethiah and mephala do , indeed , symbolise these traits . 
  however , according to this philosophy , there are rules as to how the backstabing works ( and the dunmer are n't completely insane and have regulations in place for such things ) . 
  if you want someone dead , you should contact the morag tong . 
  so society keeps standing , due to the fact that these destructive traits are colsely regulated by the morrowindian ( ? ), 
  law . 
  interesting theory , and very well written . 
  my only problem is what many of the others have already said : the exact date . 
  landfall is supposed to end the fourth era , and ( as stated somewhere below ) fuck tamriel up . 
  the dragons did ravage parts of skyrim , but not to an extant you would expect for a continent-changing event . 
  what 's more , with the ` death ' of alduin , the dragons are routed , and wo n't be avlble to do that much damage ( unless paarthurnax changes his mind of course ) . 
  other than that , solid points !, 
  to be fair , ashlanders have smaller communities . 
  according to boethian philosophy , you should only kill for self-profit . 
  in such a small tribe , it is easier to judge if your killing would help you , or disrubt the group . 
  if you collapse the tribe , nobody wins of course . 
  besides , the ashlanders have very strong honour codes ( how did that develop ? 
  ) , so they would prefer honourary combat above murder . 
   not to mention skyrim outright stated its in aetherius, 
  here you make a big misstake , as some in-game sources are blatantly wrong . 
  according to in-game texts , all humans descend from nedes , who came from atmora , except for redguards , who are n't human ( apparantly ) . 
  it is also stated that dead souls go to aetherius . 
  we know that dead spirits do n't go to aetherius , but to the dreamsleeve , to be stripped of their knowledge and skills , and be reincarnated . 
  i still believe dead souls do n't actually go to sovngarde , but a mythopoeic shard of them . 
  all live ( except for hists and argonians ) descend from the ehlnofey , who were sundered et ` ada . 
  as such , i still believe mortals are the lowest of aedra , and as such are susceptible to mythopoeia . 
  i believe sovngarde is nothing more than the combined memory and mythical tradition of the people ( which would explain al the semi-mythical hero 's present in shor 's hall ) . 
   there is a spell that allows one to talk to the ghosts of recently departed people before they ** pass into the dreamsleeve ** . 
  this comes from the notes lady nerevar made from `` the infernal city '' . 
  of course , this could be equally wrong as the facts stated in skyrim . 
  my main point was that all sources can be blatantly wrong , only that ( to my knowledge ) it is commonly accepted that mortals do n't go to aetherius , but , in fact , pass through the dreamsleeve , after their deaths . 
  because instead of playing the scholar , a khajiit would probably sit in a corner half od 'd of skooma , saying we furless wankers are missing something . 
  i speak a bit of french . 
  i can ask where the supermarket is and such , but it 's a lot worse than my english . 
  o , by the way , i stumbled upon something called `` la grande bibliotheque de tamriel '' . 
  it 's bassicly a francophone til . 
  combining your love of lore and your desire to learn french . 
  i said that my own theory was not about the entire soul going to the dreamsleeve . 
  like i said , mortals are bassicaly aedra who have lost almost all their power , but , being aedra they should still be susceptible to mythopoia . 
  sovngarde is the realm of hero 's , the people who are remembered , and almost worshipped . 
  i believe that after death , the soul of hero 's would split into multiple parts , with the hero part going to sovngarde , a realm build upon the collective memory of the nords . 
  is sovngarde something else than the dreamsleeve , or just a part of it , maybe a misnomer ? 
  i do n't know , but i think so . 
  fun fact : sovngard is a construct of the danish s\u00f8vn and old norse gar\u00f0r , meaning ` sleeprealm ' .
