  along with this affinity to magicka , they also have a noteworthy resistence to it , making them even more useful as mages . 
  the bretons originate in high rock . 
  after parts of the wanderers left , and the nedes originated on tamriel , the aldmer came to high rock . 
  these elves interbred with the local , human populace , creating a man-mer ofshoot . 
  these man-mer became second-class citizens to their elven overlords , and served them . 
  eventually , during the conquest of high rock by the kingdom of skyrim , the elves were partially driven out . 
  this also saw the creation of tension between the bretons and the nords , as the bretons defended their elven masters ( unlike the imperials , the bretons never staged an uprising , as they were content with their position ) . 
  the religion of the bretons was slightly different than that from other races of men . 
  however , they have switched to the eight ( originally ) and nine divines in more recent times . 
  during elven rule , the bretons worshipped the eight divines , along with some elven gods , like magnus , phynaster , and y' ffre . 
  strangely , the bretons are the only race of men who held a negative relation with lorkhan ( or sheor , as his breton name was ) , calling him ` the bad man ' . 
  this is most likely a characteristic given to him by the elven rulers . 
  as stated earlier , breton culture differs from that of the other races of men in that they do not focus on the sword , but more on the word . 
  some of the most well known philosophers , advisors , and politicians ( some emperors were , indeed , breton ) are from high rock . 
  the bretons are , however , also known for their opportunistic nature , as some of the most successful politicians and merchants are also breton . 
  indeed , if a breton is anywhere near a position to climb the social ladder , chances are he will take it . 
  this is also because the breton culture gives room for social mobility . 
  high rock used to have the probably the biggest nobility in all of tamriel , mostly because of the many kingdoms that scattered the province , with the highest concentration around the illiac bay . 
  this changed , however , after the warp in the west , which caused the dozens of city states of the iliac bay area to be merged in four , three of which in high rock ( wayrest , daggerfall and orsinium ) . 
  the history of the bretons began with the wanderers settling in high rock , and changing in the nedes . 
  somewhere around the change of the merethic into the first era , the aldmer came to settle high rock . 
  them seeing the adamantine tower ( the oldest structure on tamriel , linked to the zero-stone ) possibly inspired the many races of elves to build the other towers . 
  the aldmer installed themselves as the upper-class of high rock , and made the local nedes into second-class citizens ( surprisingly , the nedes did not become slaves , as opposed to their cousins in cyrodiil ) . 
  this relation the early nedes , and later bretons , had with aldmeri culture is possibly what attributed to the very well developed breton culture . 
  over the course of years , the aldmer had interbred with the local nedes , which created a mixed race , called the bretons . 
  because the bretons were content with the position they had in high rock society , the aldmer were spared during the retributions following the night of tears , which saw most of the elves of skyrim killed . 
  this also attributed to the tensions between the nords and imperials on one side , and the bretons on the other , as the bretons were from that point onward regarded as mer lovers . 
  these tensions caused many skirmishes between the bretons , and the alessian empire and the nord kingdom . 
  strangely , despite the bretons not focusing on physical force , they were more than worthy adversaries of both the seasoned soldiers of the alessian empire , and the battle-hardened nords . 
  this is possibly due to the fact that bretons are calm in nature , and because of that have better strategists . 
  even though their great strategists , they were eventually conquered by the nordic kingdom , which saw the end of elven rule in high rock . 
  this lasted until the war of succession , which saw the collapse of nordic rule . 
  years late , high rock was incorporated into the septim empire , which they would remain part of to at least 4e 201 . 
  in the late third era , the many kingdoms , once again , fell out with each other . 
  a unnamed agent of the blades was sent to try to resolve the situation , and to better the empires influence in the region . 
  eventually the agent retrieved the mantella and the totem of tiber septim , used to activate the numidium once again . 
  at this moment , a dragon break took place in the region , which caused all major parties to attain the mantella at the same time , causing the city states of daggerfall , sentinel ( hammerfell ) , wayrest , orsinium , and the empire to be the only major parties left around the illiac bay . 
  in just under two days , 44 kingdoms were destroyed , to make place for only four , all swearing fealty to the emperor . 
  even though this caused a time of prosperity in both high rock and hammerfell , it also saw the destruction of many landscapes and property , along with a major loss of life . 
  * the bretons are truly a curious race , not in the least because of their strange heritage . 
  their calm and intelligent nature makes them a important exporter of knowledge . 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  the conflicts between the races of men and mer have a long and painful history , both physical and theological . 
  the history of these go back to even before the two groups were separate . 
  it is even possible to argue that the conflict finds its root in times before the two groups were even envisioned . 
  i will try to briefly explain the history and causes of the tensions between the two biggest ethnical groups of tamriel . 
  as with most conflicts between people and cultures , a important aspect is territory . 
  while there have been many skirmishes about influence in tamriel ( solstheim , the expansion of the pre-war of succession nordic empire , the many battles between valenwood and the alessian empire ) , the territorial struggles between meric and human empires goes deeper than simple borders . 
  since the native nedes were enslaved or subdued early on , the main aggravator would be the nords , or , to be more precise , the atmorans . 
  initially , the atmorans lived relatively peaceful with the native falmer of skyrim . 
  this changed after the night of tears , when the falmer raided the first atmoran city on tamriel , saarthal . 
  ysgramor fled back to atmora , to gai support , and forever drive the falmer from skyrim . 
  while this might be seen as ` just another territorial conflict ' , it did have major repercussions . 
  not only did it drive the elves out of skyrim , it did also create more anti-elf sentiment in the races of men throughout tamriel , most notably the nedes in cyrodiil . 
  while this did not immediately sparked the slave rebellion , it could be seen as one of the major contributors to it . 
  this slave rebellion , which saw alessia rally the nedic slaves to overthrow their elven masters , saw another major clash between men and mer . 
  during this rebellion , the elven influence over cyrodiil was broken , making it the second ` province ' ( this distinction was not yet used ) . 
  the last major conflicts were the yokudans claiming hammerfell , and the nords incorporating high rock into their empire , which saw elven rule forever cast-out of north-western tamriel , and causing even more tension between the elves and the human . 
  the real explosion of tension was probably during the expansion of the septim empire , and , almost six hundred years later , the expansions of the aldmeri dominion . 
  the elves ( especially the altmer of the summerset isles ) did n't like being ruled over by men , even though the empire , at times , brought great prosperity . 
  after the oblivion crisis , causing the collapse of the third empire , the aldmeri dominion expanded greatly , eventually putting the empire in a stranglehold with the white-gold concordat . 
  these conflicts go back way before the night of tears , however , as possibly the first conflict between these two groups was back when they were still one , during the time of the ehlnofey . 
  what caused the ehlnofey war is unknown , as it took lace before recorded history . 
  what is known , however , is that it caused major damage to tamriel , even destroying the realm of the hist in the process , and caused a definite split in the ehlnofey , creating the old ehlnofey ( who became mer ) , and the wanderers ( who became man ) . 
  while war is always a good reason for conflict and hate , these tensions between men and mer goes even deeper , to a theological matter . 
  the clearest example of this is the view towards lorkhan , or his other aspects ( shor and shezzar ) . 
  while the elves see him as a harmful force , causing them to lose their divinity , and making them mortal , the humans see lorkhan as the force that gave them life . 
  while the elves hate lorkhan deeply , the nords still see shor as a hero , and it is the biggest possible honour for a nord to go to the hall of valour , in sovngarde , to meet shor . 
  the problems are not purely based on the traditions regarding lorkhan , but also the mythical role he plays with the elven gods . 
  according to elven mythology , auri-el and trinimac ( both elven gods ) ripped out lorkhans heart . 
  not only lorkhan is a troubling theological problem , akatosh ( or , to be more precise , the various aspects of aka ) pose a problem . 
  the altmer venerate auri-el , the aspect of aka responsible for the creation of time , while the nords know alduin , the aspect of aka responsible for the destruction of time . 
  it is important to note , however , that the theological difference is more symbolic of the tensions , as the races of men have all but forgotten these , and it is safe to say the vast majority of mer do n't know about the details either . 
  furthermore , territorial conflicts are mostly out of more mundane reasons , such as resources or territory ( the reclamations of the aldmeri dominion in the fourth era might be an exception , as the reasoning of the altmer is unknown to us ) . 
  * edit : removed the passage about the entanglement of lorkhan and akatosh . 
  while technically true , i misjudged akatosh as a pro-mer aedra ( while he is , in fact , pro-man ) , and as such it would not serve as a example of mer-men conflicts . 
  * welcome back to the twelfth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this volume deals with the imperials of cyrodiil , and continues the volumes on the races of men . 
  the imperials are a very important race on tamriel , as they ruled large portions of tamriel , at some point even ruling everything . 
  the imperials ( also known under the archaic name ` cyrods ' ) are the race of men from cyrodiil . 
  living in the biggest and most urbanised province on tamriel , as well as being the ruling force on the continent for a very long time , the imperials are the most populous race around , being the most numerous in their own province of cyrodiil , as well as prominently visible in the other provinces . 
  biologically , the imperials are almost indistinguishable from the bretons of high rock , partially because of their shared nedic heritage . 
  more prominent differences are the average magickal capabilities of the imperials , as well as being more skilled melee fighters than the bretons . 
  while traditionally the nedes were darker skinned and haired than their northern brethren , this has somewhat waned in more recent times , because of much cyro-nordic interbreeding . 
  the imperial originate from the nedes , the only race descendent of the wanderers to stay on tamriel , in what might be the best documented history on tamriel . 
  these nedes had long been ruled over by the ayleids , or the wild elves . 
  the nedes of cyrodiil did not experience the same amount of interbreeding with elves ( if any ) as the bretons did , which accounts for them being regarded as different races . 
  at what point the nedes were seen as imperials for the first time is unknown , only that it was after the slave rebellion of 1e 242 . 
  imperial culture is very tolerant to outsiders ( partially because of their centralised geographic position , as well as the role of the imperial city ) . 
  as a result , their culture has been heavily influenced by that of the other races , and influences those as well . 
  cyrodiil is the most populous province on tamriel , and , as a result , is heavily urbanised . 
  because of this , as well as their important political role , many imperials are traders and politicians . 
  because of their long history with politics and trading , imperials have developed a affinity to public speaking and charming , skills invaluable on the big political scene of tamriel . 
  the imperials are one of the most technologically advanced races on the continent , as they are capable of building and maintaining a large enough infrastructure to support many big cities , most notably the imperial city , the biggest city on tamriel . 
  not only is this supported by technology , but also by force . 
  the imperial legion , for long the most dominant military force on tamriel , patrols the many roads , as well as guarding the imperial city itself . 
  just as cyrodiil itself , the legion is not only composed of imperials , but draws me and women from the entirety of the empire . 
  the sheer amount of numbers are backed by expert strategists , hardened by the long history of violence the imperials have .
