  when the sun had set , both were covered in cuts and bruises and blood , so that no surface the size of a splinter was not covered . 
  blood was shed , but not enough . 
  they met each other at the ford , deciding to continue the fight tomorrow . 
  they set up camps on the waterside . 
  their wounds were treated by their healers , and for every spell and enchantment faolan got , he made sure orc\u00ed would get the same , for he did not want to win based on the aptitude of his healers . 
  faolan knew that orc\u00ed was a snake , known to backstabbing and poison . 
  orc\u00ed knew that faolan was an eagle , known to hunting and quick-striking . 
  even though both knew this , they slept quietly that night . 
  when the next day began , orc\u00ed spoke : `` hail , ` king ' . 
  let us decide this today , for yesterday was not the end . '', 
  faolan replied : `` try one last time . '', 
  they took up their swords , and fought hanging half from their horses . 
  they moved and struck and swung and cut , and many sword - and riding-feats were performed . 
  they struck true each time . 
  they continued this from sunrise to sunset . 
  when the sun was about to set , orc\u00ed dodged faolan 's strike , and sunk his sword in faolan 's heart-wound . 
  faolan fell from his horse into the water , and the bloodied water coloured the eagle red . 
  orc\u00ed spoke : `` if i were able now , faolan , i would demount my horse and cut your head off , as is custom . 
  as it is , i will let you die here on your own in the water , not only because of my crippling , but also as a fair repay for the crimes you did against my person . '', 
  faolan replied : `` you are a true snake , orc\u00ed . 
  you strike fierce and painful , but you need injury to kill your foes . 
  you are not strong enough to kill them yourself , resorting to poison and infection . 
  be gone . 
  i do not want to have your face as my last memory . '', 
  orc\u00ed rode away , back to h\u00e9stram 's camp . 
  andoe had seen the whole battle from faolan 's camp , and now rushed to the ford . 
  there he helped faolan up , and carried him to the healers , who treated his wound to their best abilities . 
  andoe and faolan reached the healers of faolan 's camp . 
  there , h\u00e9rnach took a look at faolan 's heart . 
  h\u00e9rnach spoke : `` i can not do much for you now , faolan . 
  i can keep you in this world for a short while , but as it is , you will not be able to do battle anymore . 
  it is a shame . '', 
  faolan spoke : `` it really is , h\u00e9rnach . 
  i thank you for your help nonetheless . 
  for as long as i have , i will defend the reach and the reachmen . 
  i will lead them , even if they have to strap me to a pole to keep me up . '', 
  so it was . 
  wherever faolan went , andoe came to support him , and faolan commanded his troops , without taking part in the battle . 
  even though his troops were skilled in the hunt , they endured heavy losses , and h\u00e9stram only endured a few . 
  one night , faolan and his men sat at a fire in their camp . 
  faolan was being treated for his wound , and troublesome of the future of the reach . 
  when he wanted to go to his own tent , two of his men came walking in , with a hooded woman between them . 
  they threw her to the ground , and one of the soldiers was about to kick her . 
  faolan raised his hand and said : `` stop , soldiers . 
  i can tell already that this is a proud woman of the reach . 
  if you hurt her , i will make sure the same fate comes to you a thousand fold . '', 
  the soldier replied : `` this woman was stalking around our camp , looking to find a way in . 
  we were only defending it , and decided to bring her here to you . '', 
  a crooked and sharp voice came from the hood : `` listen to your king , soldier !, 
  i am a proud inhabitant of the reach , and i was only meaning to speak to faolan without meeting any of you grunts . '', 
  faolan spoke : `` woman , take of your hood , so that we might speak face to face . '', 
  the woman unclothed her clawed and feathered hands , and took of her hood . 
  a hideous face , which was full of wards and scars and filth came forth , led by a beaked nose . 
  everyone except for faolan was startled by this . 
  the woman spoke : `` i am named morr\u00edgu , and i am one of the h\u00e1irgramen . 
  we are sworn protectors of these lands , and we are willing to protect you and your men as well . '', 
  faolan replied : `` that is a kind offer , morr\u00edgu of the h\u00e1irgramens , but i am unable to fight as it is . 
  my heart is bleeding and aching , and i will not live to see many moons . 
  it is better to extend this favour to another warrior or hero or champion . '', 
  morr\u00edgu replied : `` i am aware of your heart-wound , king faolan , and that is what this favour will solve . 
  me and my kith are offering to replace your heart . '', 
  faolan looked at the old hag for a while , frowning his brows . 
  he spoke : `` what will become of me when i do this ? '', 
  morr\u00edgu replied : `` it will put you between this world and the next . 
  it will also give you all the sword-feats and magicka-feats and spear-feats and spear-feats that you can think of . '', 
  faolan frowned again , and asked : `` why are you extending this offer to me ? 
  what are you hoping to gain for it ? '', 
  the h\u00e1irgramen replied : `` we have sworn to protect the reach . 
  you have also sworn to do this . 
  your victory is in our interest , and as such we are willing to try this dark ritual with you . '', 
  faolan stood up , and said : `` so be it . 
  i will travel with you to wherever you want to do this ritual . 
  may it help me avenge the reach and crush my enemies . '', 
  * [ translator 's note : the following passages are written in a strange dialect , without interpunction , and are mostly damaged by fire or torn with claws . 
  the language is partially translated , and it mostly talks about faolan 's heart and briarhearts , a plant native to the reach . 
  the language was probably used to give the passages a magical feel , and seeing the damage that was done on purpose , it most likely detailed the ritual faolan underwent . 
  no living oral tradition goes in depth on this , so there might be a social or religious stigma on mentioning it . 
  faolan came from the cave with a gaping hole in his chest . 
  in it , the briarheart was visible . 
  in one hand he wore his sword faolan , and in his other he wore fire and lightning and frost the likes have never been seen in the reach . 
  morr\u00edgu stood behind him . 
  she spoke : `` you are faolan , the first br\u00e1irc\u00f3r - briar hearted - . 
  we will aid you in your battles , and we will perform the ritual on your lieutenants , if you want . '', 
  faolan stood with his back to her , looking at the fire in his hand . 
  he did not seem to be aware of the h\u00e1irgramen behind him , or his surroundings , mesmerised by the magicka he wore as never before . 
  he looked up to the sky , and then down to the earth and streams and cliffs of the reach . 
  he screamed : `` i am reborn '', 
  faolan made way to h\u00e9stram 's camp . 
  andoe came to faolan and spoke : `` king faolan , the troops are not yet ready for the hunt , and they will not be a match for h\u00e9stram in traditional combat . 
  should n't we wait , and stick to our successful ways ? '', 
  faolan replied : `` the troops might not be ready , but i am . 
  tell them to watch on yonder hill . 
  i will show h\u00e9stram the might of the reach . '', 
  faolan began shaking with rage . 
  his arms and legs and neck and torso became wider and bigger , so that faolan stood well over two feet above andoe . 
  his hands were clenched in fists , and he broke nine javelins with his strength . 
  the exposed briarheart in his chest was beating with more force than his original heart could , and it broke three ribs in the process . 
  then , the warps began . 
  faolan 's muscles began distorting and shifting , so that he looked more like a force of nature than a man . 
  great fire and frost shot from every hole of his body , or made new holes through his flesh .
