  the space between them is n't part of it , and technically is oblivion . 
  leaving the atmosphere of nirn ( which is easy , since it is a finite realm ) is fairly easy , but travelling through oblivion all the way to aetherius ( or even to the other parts of mundus , like the moons ) is harder , since oblivion and everything else in the aurbis is infinite . 
  in order to get to other places , it is necessary to bend space around the voidship with magic , as well as protective shields to keep the crew from going insane , as illustrated in tiber septim 's sword-meeting with cyrus the restless ( breathing does n't seem to be a problem in space , though ) . 
  the stars , just like the sun , are holes through oblivion to aetherius . 
  when the magna-ge fled mundus during creation , they tore through oblivion . 
  the biggest hole was left by magnus . 
  it is via those holes that aetherius is reachable ( although the agent travelled to aetherius by teleportation ) . 
  well , to start , the elder scrolls list all possible futures , and are hardly ever clear . 
  they do n't say `` this will happen '' , they say `` this can happen , and this , and that , etc. '', 
  now , there is also the question if this was n't the plan of the dwemer . 
  they saw the dream as an illusion , which needed to be broken . 
  the numidium was build for this exact purpose . 
  if it was their plan to merge with the ` skin ' of the numidium , or if they were planning on disappearing altogether , or if they wanted to power numidium to destroy the illusion and something did go wrong , is unknown . 
  it is known , however , that they held a burning hatred towards existence . 
  also , numidium . 
  the thing literally breaks reality , time , gods , and everything in between . 
  i do n't think the elder scrolls are of much help when you 're building a thing that literally breaks possibility . 
  yeah , that was pretty much what i was trying to say about akavir and yokuda . 
  i 've phrased it badly . 
  i know about the story of dreughs coming from a different kalpa ( or , at least , vivec mentions a kalpa full of dreughs in the lessons ) . 
  still , i recall a source ( do n't ask me which one , it was a while back when i found it ) that mentioned the dreughs as a leftover of altmer mages changing their form to better fight underwater ( or something along those lines ) . 
  i heard the lyg-tamriel relation explained as a coffee stain on paper . 
  the stain on one side is tamriel , the stain on the other lyg . 
  i did n't follow the conversation well enough to explain the metaphor , but they are two sides of the same coin , sort of . 
  i think you 're on track with the kalpas . 
  it requires magic to reach the moons , but it is not particularly hard . 
  i mean , the khajiit managed to climb their way up ( although they have a special role when dealing with the moons , as they are tasked with keeping them in the air ) . 
  the imperials maintained a moonbase on masser , which was raided by a bunch of pirates using sloads to float up there , as well as multiple death-star like structures ( battlespire takes place on one of those ) . 
  getting to ` space ' is n't easy for an individual , but a well-organised state as the aldmeri dominion or the third empire are very capable of creating a functioning void-programme . 
  the pocket guide even mentions that the second empire ( that is first era ) gave up their space programme since the various wars on the continent were starting to cost too much . 
  the dunmer/chimer also hold a belief of elven unity before the exodus . 
  according to them , they were led away from aldmeris by veloth , who worshipped the three good daedra . 
  still , this exodus is quite possibly a metaphor for cracks in elven unity . 
  the early elven societies seemed to be more organised than those of the early humans , as the elfs already had organised city-states and - confederations , while early societies of men were often tribal ( especially in cyrodiil ) . 
  they could have held extensive contact with each other , which later , due to philosophical and religious conflict ceased . 
  also , i do n't think we should look at ayleids as bird-shaped or dressed-up as birds . 
  i think the most of the bird symbolism concerning the ayleids is simply that ; symbolism . 
  their statues often sport birds , and their religion and magical tradition often revolved around the sky . 
  i think every reference to birds and beaks , etc. 
  is simply to enforce that symbol . 
  father of the niben is an epic poem , so it should make heavy use of symbols , allegories , and metaphors . 
  vivec admits that the wheel is n't a perfect metaphor . 
  gods like the tribunal , mannimarco , and possibly talos do n't really fit in it , despite definitely being gods . 
  he holds his own realm ( the necromancer 's moon , which is supposed to orbit arkay ) . 
  his title of the god of worms is more than simply a misnomer . 
  with the amaranth , the short-livedness might be interesting , but it also was a symbol of immortality for the ancient greeks ( its greek name , \u1f00\u03bc\u03ac\u03c1\u03b1\u03bd\u03c4\u03bf\u03c2 ( amarantos ) means unfading ) . 
  this is probably due to the fact that they flower for a relatively long while ( judging by the wikipedia article , i do n't know that much of horticulture ) . 
  the amaranth appears as a symbol for immortality in at least aesop 's fables , and later ( much later ) in paradise lost . 
  it is likely the use in tes is related to the older tradition regarding the plant . 
  while the amaranth in tes is n't completely immortal , he does dream a new world , in which he is the ever-present being . 
  i have n't heard about the bird before , and a quick google does n't yield much , so i ca n't help you on that . 
  google translate says that it is the vietnamese word for bird , though . 
   the revenant , the necromancer 's moon , watches over us all . 
  his form , ascended to godhood , has taken its rightful place in the sky , and hides the enemy arkay from us so that we may serve him . 
  it is based on this line . 
  the earlier lines deal with mannimarco ( or , at least , the god of worms ) . 
  the text implies that it obscures arkay at a certain time . 
  in the game oblivion , it is true that black soul gems can only be made at certain altars at certain days of the week , probably when the moon is right between arkay and the altar . 
  i posted the source i based this on with my thoughts on it above . 
  arkay is a divine , and that is why he is in the sky . 
  mundus consists of nirn , masser , secunda , and the bodies of the divines ( which function similar to planets ) . 
  the necromancer 's moon is supposed to be orbiting arkay , sometimes obscuring it on nirn . 
  coda is a lot of different things . 
  in music it is the end of a repeated part , often towards the end of a piece . 
  in movies , its the extra clip after the credit roll . 
  in linguistics its the final part of a syllable ( the part after the vowel ) . 
  i think it means tail in italian or something , but i 'm not sure . 
  i like that they put those around his statue . 
  maybe a hint at the future ? 
  possibly . 
  the line does also mention freedom , which is intrinsically tied to lorkhan , though , especially in the song , though the song does refer to the strong link between akatosh and lorkhan . 
  khajiit are mer , albeit a pretty warped form . 
  [ words of clan mother ahnissi ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ) mentions that they were once the same as the bosmer , but were changed by azura to keep the lunar lattice intact . 
  later , y' frre changed the rest of the people into the bosmer . 
  argonians are actually tree lizards that turn intelligent by licking the sap of the hists . 
  this also means that the hists can control the argonians . 
  the rest seems to be right , although all life started on tamriel . 
  there is a reason ysgramor holds the name `` the returned '' . 
  yet `` children of the sky '' says the following :, 
   nords consider themselves to be the children of the sky . 
  they call skyrim the throat of the world , because it is where the sky exhaled on the land and formed them . 
  they are n't originally from atmora , not even in their own legends . 
  i would argue that it means both , but that 's mostly semantics . 
  from gelebor 's dailogue : `` i prefer snow elf . 
  the name falmer usually holds a negative meaning to most travelers . 
  those twisted creatures you call falmer , i call the betrayed . '', 
  [ the uesp article is pretty well-sourced as well ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:falmer ), 
  hey , i got the title and am not horribly drunk !, 
  that 's been a while . 
  anyway , i got a very calm week and decided to take a look at that pelinal thing i was doing a couple of months back and ... well , yeah . 
  i did play d&d a while back , but our dm 's a sadistic bastard so i immidiatly died ( his killcount is at 28 now ) . 
  i have been thinking about a new character , but i 'm still not sure if i want to play an alcoholic bard or make my barber into a d&d character ( guy from a blue-collar part of town , tattooed all over , learned his trade in prison . 
  nice guy ) . 
  the fact that only the khajiit and dunmer appear in c0da do n't mean the rest is all gone . 
  while i have n't seen a source on stating that pelinal was from after landfall ( only that he was from the future ) , the dunmer are n't exactly on the same page as the other elfs . 
  there is very little hinting at a sense of elven unity , and most elven races hate eachother with the same burning passion they hate all their neighbours . 
  on top of that , the dunmer are much more padomaic inclined than the other races of mer , and pelinal is of course a padomaic force . 
  however , i do think it might be safer to say that pelinal was made by the gods . 
  his armour is blessed by them , he shares the same madness as akatosh and lorkhan , he is a shezzarine , he has the chim-el adabal as heart , and he talks to alessia on her deathbed as if he was part of the eight . 
  i 'm looking at the article on ayleidoon on uesp right now and making heads and tails of it .
