  mer hate him because he broke the endless stasis , and made them mortal . 
  i think you mean ehlnofex ( which has little to do with atmora ) . 
  * [ whispers ] *, 
  that disease did not improve your eyesight , dog . 
  if you call me , or any other imperial here , for that matter , ` scales ' again , your tongue will be mine . 
  the velothi are sworn enemies of the nords , so atmoran would be the last they would speak . 
  atmora is not the origin of life , it is merely a continent to which some pre-men fled . 
  ehlnofex is the language of the ehlnofey , the first mortals . . 
  it is very broad in definition ( i.e. 
  terms can have several meanings , both conceptual and litteral at the same time ) , because nothing could be stable before time was linear . 
  bassicaly , yes . 
  the enhlnofex wars were the key event here in . 
  originally , all mortals ( with the exception of the hist and argonians ) were one , namely the ehlnofey . 
  this group fell apart in a war about how to consider creation . 
  the war ended with one group ( the old ehlnofey ) inhabiting the southern parts of tamriel , becoming mer , and the other group ( the wanderers ) scattered over tamriel , and some even fleeing to other continents , becoming men . 
  i can not give dates or duration estimates . 
  this was during the dawn era , when time still was n't linear . 
  while under normal circumstances your points seem to hold ground , daedroth , they do so barely now . 
  you claim all spirits to be immortal , yet we heard of the destruction of alduin , by a mortal no less . 
  either this is no god , or all of you spirits are mortal . 
  there is very little known about the origin of the non-tamrielic races ( although i did here something about an akaviri creation myth ) . 
  the khajiit are mer changed by azura . 
  the words of clan mother ahnissi ( i hope i spelled that right ) detail this . 
  i would have expected a bit more tact from one not normally concerned with our plane . 
  nevertheless , your question is just , and i shall deliver an answer . 
  the one that is called alduin ** can not ** be the same as the one from the nordic myth . 
  according to the tradition of multiple cults of our realm , the gods are completely immortal . 
  no amount of physical damage or assault will ever destroy their essence . 
  now , we have heard of the defeat of alduin , and we have seen the repercussions throughout tamriel . 
  so what could have happened ? 
  i believe that either the one killed was simply an imposter , or , more likely , that the one killed was the true alduin , but that the tradition surrounding him is false . 
  alduin is not a god . 
  he is merely an imposter , wanting to take the mantle of our great lord akatosh . 
  the fact that a mere mortal destroyed him is proof of this . 
  well , no , but at least i can source the theory . 
  my lord , if i may ? 
  while i do normally not doubt your judgement or words , i will make an exception for this moment . 
  there should be made a distinction in the ` blessings ' ( if you would like to use this name ) of birth and the given ones . 
  warden and erikvurson were not born as they were , and even though i do not know the precise circumstances of them becoming as they are now , i know that this might not have happened on purpose . 
  lycantrophy and the vampiric diseases are transmittable . 
  the dragonborn ( or shezzarines , for that matter ) did not became this at a later state . 
  they were born the way they are . 
  your majesty , if i could draw your attention to the grand hero that made your position possible in the first place , the knight pelinal whitestrake ? 
  as you know , he was both a birthed champion of akatosh and lorkhan . 
  it is clear that his actions were driven by fate , and not free will . 
  if i remember correctly , this is even referenced in ` the song of pelinal ' . 
  in this , i will back sir xovic . 
  apologies accepted , xovic . 
  the igs has not changed much in the past centuries . 
  if you would ask my father , this conservatism would be the worst thing , even worse than the great war . 
  if you would ask me ... 
  i 'm not that certain . 
  not that i know of , but you could try punching them in the side bar of uesp , or , if you want to have original sources , the imperial library ( although that will also link you to discussion pages and sources that use the term outside of context ) . 
  if you still have inclarities , you can also just ask it here . 
  akatosh and alduin ( and alkosh , tosh raka , ( possibly ) ruptga , and auri-el ) are all different shards of the time oversoul aka . 
  creation saw the aedra severely weakened , and this worsened for the time god when he body-slammed himself into mundus to call convention . 
  he shattered , and each shard took on a different form , due to the different religious traditions and cults surrounding them ( mythopoeia ) . 
  at least , that is true for some of them . 
  auri-el and tosh raka mantled individual shards , and akatosh is a complete clusterfuck in itself . 
  `` so sayeth alduin . '', 
  i would n't say they mantled the godhead , but the aurbis . 
  the godhead is pretty passive in all this , while the aurbis is all this . 
  also , by creating a time god , they made him always there , which is even harder to wrap your mind around . 
  really now ? 
  auri-el is a pretty pro elven deity , and also the one responsible for the death of the first god of men . 
  where is it stated that his followers helped alessia ? 
  there is no need for the dragonfires anymore . 
  the shattering of the amulet permanently lit them ( note , the dragonfires do n't keep out oblivion . 
  they just make it harder for large scale invasions \u00e0 la oblivion crisis ) . 
  could the dragonborn ? 
  yes . 
  would the dragonborn ? 
  who 's to tell ? 
  player descisions are never deemed uncanon by bethesda . 
  if my dragonborn is uninterested in glory or prestige , and just leaves the ruby throne empty , it is fine . 
  if your dragonborn wants to stage a coupe d'\u00e9tat , he 'll probably can . 
  still , fate driven hero 's have n't been the best role models in tamriel 's history . 
  do n't forget genocide . 
  it should also be noted that alduin was n't planning on eating the world in skyrim . 
  if he was , he would be an unstoppable juggernaut . 
  i think this is a matter best discussed with paarthurnax , who i actually expected to be here . 
  in any case , i personally believe the dragons are too much of a threat . 
  i am aware of their immortal nature , but i do want to remind everyone that it took alduin to revive them again . 
  i would rather see them under the soil , than turning on us . 
  but again , i feel we should discuss this with one of their own kind . 
  you planned the common folk as the theme just right in my exam weeks . 
  anyway , this week was mainly filled with learning for said exams , as well as ( shamefully ) watching the eurovision song contest . 
  my country got second , but we did lose to a lady with a beard/guy in a dress , which is ... something . 
  also , congrats to sakazwal !, 
  it does n't need to be physically destroyed , though . 
  the heart of lorkhan was also not truly destroyed . 
  the nerevarine merely shattered the enchantments fixing it in space and time . 
  by destroying those , the heart is now immaterial . 
  so it 's more about destroying an attachment than actually destroying an object . 
  oh i know drag alright . 
  the problem was the base gender . 
  also , yes , fuck the armenian act . 
  ~ ~ it sounded horrible , looked bad , and she was n't even that hot . ~ ~, 
  edit : seems i was thinking of a different act . 
  it still sucked ( probably , i think ),
