  it might be because english is n't my mother language , or it might be because i 'm really high , but ... 
  now i 'm confused who the high one is ... 
  there are big trade companies , of course . 
  the east empire company had close to a monopoly on products from morrowind ( ebony , glass , dwemeri artefacts ) . 
  during the time of morrowind , they actually owned the island of solstheim . 
  during the time of skyrim , the empire had collapsed , and the infrastructure collapsed with it . 
  due to this , large-scale trading was almost impossible , forcing traders and producers to shrink their bussiness . 
  this is also seen at the legion camps , which have their own smithies . 
  during the haydays of the empire , the legion would most likely have one or a couple giant smithies working full-time for them . 
  in those days , we also see some services having empire-wide coverage , like the mages and fighters guild . 
  i do n't know about large scale industry , though . 
  it seems likely , but iirc it does n't appear in oblivion . 
  aetherius and the void are n't truely rings interlapping . 
  the void is a ring around aetherius , which is a ring around oblivion , which is a ring around mundus . 
  the interlapping circles are anu and padomay , the chief forces of the universe . 
  there is nothing outside these forces , but there is something above it . 
  this universe is a dream , and the dreamer lives in his own universe , which is again dreamed . 
  i do n't know how many universes are above that , but it ends with the godhead , who was the first dreamer . 
  is the 12 worlds really the first dream , though ? 
  o i know anu was originnaly from the 12 worlds . 
  i meant to ask if the twelve worlds were the dream of the godhead , or just another amaranth . 
  there was an article shortly after skyrim 's release about the accuracy of the geological features in skyrim , all the way to mineral deposits and the geysers . 
  i do n't have the link , but if you have free time , you can try finding it on the elder scrolls facebook page ( it is from years back , though ), 
  i 'm not sure if the great collapse was related . 
  as far as i know , there have been few sources on those exact geological features . 
  also , seeing that the area is vulcanic , due to the geysers and smoking ridges ( something which does n't form overnight ) , it is possible that it is older than the great collapse . 
  from a geological point of view , considering real world physics , it is possible that due to the crash of the ministry of truth the magma chamber of red mountain got closed of , and the magma flowed predominantly in a smaller magma chamber under eastmarch . 
  still , real world physics are pretty hard to apply to the tes universe , and it could work completely different than this . 
  also , i 'm not a geologist , so my theory can be completely wrong as well . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://geoheritagescience.wordpress.com/2013/01/20/the-geology-of-skyrim/ ), 
  in all honost , the idea did pop up now and again , but there were two problems with it . 
  first , any comparison will come of as weak , and second , all comparisons have already been made . 
  he is mentioned in the nu-mantia intercept as a speaking party ( possibly a member of the elder council ) . 
  according to the events describes in the text , i 'd say it takes place between morrowind and oblivion . 
  to my knowledge , this is the only mention of him outside of morrowind . 
  that is n't to say he is dead . 
  a mage like him could be anywhere . 
  the difference is that the nazis were actively trying to build an geopolitical dominance ( the whole lebensraum principle ) . 
  the idea od racial supremacy was a good way to jusify this . 
  the thalmor have more metaphysical goals , so the comparison is pretty flawed . 
  i disagree . 
  most cyrods would identify themselves as imperial , not colovian or nibenese . 
  while a strong increase in contact , as during the times of the empires , would create a form of national identity ( as happened in real world england or the netherlands ) , the empire seemed to have been very active in the process . 
  this is mostly with the hammering on the shared ancestry and history of the province , while being less concerned with the cultural diversity of cyrodiil, 
  refining was a bit hard . 
  the factions and cultures in the tes universe are something in themselves , but also draw inspiration from real world events and groups ( not that my examples are these inspirations per se , i just found the parallels fitting ) . 
  when i underrefine them , the comparison falls apart , when i overrefine them , you 'll get the standard / r/skyrim circle-jerk of `` thalmor are [ le ] terally nazis '' , which does n't do the tamrielic cultures any honour . 
  i still have to get back at lebiro , but he did raise good points . 
  nationalism is everywhere , and everywhere it has a different form . 
  i meant to take some of the more extreme examples without actually getting too controversial ( i.e. 
  nazi germany , israelic expansion into palestine , the way the us treated native americans , etc. 
  ) , and examples that i am more familliar with ( and i know next to nothing about nationalism in russia ) . 
  my point with the british nationalism was more the sense of a superior culture , and willing to go into armed conflict to prove it . 
  in the past , colonies were sometimes purely created for the prestige of overseas territory ( what the hell does france want to do with the maghreb , anyway ? ) . 
  i do agree though that this was a weaker comparison . 
  the problem with seeing nationalism as a excuse for war can bring up pretty controversial examples , and i might have misjudged the fittingness of the british empire into all this . 
  talos is a god , but the problem is the exact definition of ` god ' . 
  according to the altmeri doctrine ( and for a long time the imperial as well ) only aedra are gods , but this would disregard the influence of the princes and ascended mortals like ebonarm and vivec . 
  it is true that talos does not require worship to exert power , like the aedra do . 
  but removing him through mythopoeia does not seem to be the thalmors goal . 
  talos is a champion of men , and a sign of hubris for the thalmor . 
  banning his worship is a strategy in the plan to remove men from mundus , as they are beyond help , according to the altmer . 
  so in short , the ban on talos worship is a much more mundane form of war than mythic . 
  for all intents and purposes , the forsworn could be classified as extremists or terrorists . 
  they try to reach their goals by force , even going to the lengths of murder . 
  when mk was asked the question of what outer realm yagrum was in , he responded with : `` in a realm called plot device '' . 
  the only thing known for certain is that he was in a outer realm . 
  i do n't know if there had been any reason why the outer realms were n't hit . 
  according to the infernal city , the argonians recaptured an area that ` once belonged to them ' ( how much that might be , but it was probably dres territory ) . 
  some cities were sacked , like mournhold , according to adril arano , but are still officially great house territory , since the same man also states that he has visited the city occasionally after the sack , and that it was rebuilt . 
  the redoran forces eventually stopped the argonians , but he also hints at some event in blacklight , which is very high up north . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.tamriel-rebuilt.org/g/maps/map_mw_factions.jpg ) is a map used by the tamriel rebuilt project . 
  while the exact house borders might be inaccurate , they mostly do their home work pretty well . 
  it is from the time of morrowind , so the changes during the war are n't shown , but it could shed some light on house territory . 
  dark green is tribunal . 
  it does n't include the inner city of mournhold , but it does have vivec and the dagoth ur sides ( and all other unclaimed lands on vvardenfell ) . 
  the initial plan was to include the entirity of tamriel , though . 
  but yeah , they probably wo n't reach that all on their own . 
  they still are n't done with mainland morrowind . 
  karliah would have a better claim due to being general nobility . 
  the family of berenziah had claims to the thrones of wayrest , morrowind , and alinor at moments , and maybe more , plus berenziah had a relationship with tiber ( still , if there was n't any official marriage , or if no kid was produced , she could n't use that claim ) . 
  no chance in hell she is n't related to either a septim or a mede . 
  the dragonborn has nothing . 
  he has an uncertain past , is practically a talking wrecking-ball , plus he most likely is n't the same type of dragonborn as the emperors ( i.e. 
  able to potentially wear the amulet of kings if it would still exist ) . 
  interesting . 
  it was a fun read , and it was properly written . 
  i also liked the fact that ` mantling ' ( it was n't fully mantling , of course ) was linked to music . 
  well done . 
  this makes more sense than it should do , but it does sound believable . 
  your love is n't real love !, 
  fucking otherkin . 
  it 's probably about a year , seeing that that is the time-frame normally given for the previous games . 
  the blades are probably a part of this . 
  they are aware of the cult and the nerevarine prophecy , and knowing that the world is filled with magic , it is not that far of a stretch to assume he is willing to have someone fulfil the prophecy . 
  also , what risk is there ? 
  you offer the nerevarine some services ( which are a fraction of what the blades can access ) . 
  if he succeeds , you are rid of a very dangerous enemy . 
  if he does n't , you lose a criminal . 
  any scenario is a sort of win-win .
