  is this from eso ? 
  the priest at the start of skyrim ( also imperial cult ) mentions aetherius , just like the ghost of the blades at sancre tor in oblivion . 
  hmm , similar to the hoonding , then ? 
  he is said to appear when needed , and a person ( or object ) is n't the hoonding throughout its existence . 
  interesting . 
  lorkhan did n't , and that is basically the whole point of mundus . 
  lorkhan theorised chim , but knew that he , as an infinite being , was n't able to understand non-existence . 
  he made mundus , with mortals , for them to learn the secret . 
  you see , chim is a balance between existence , i am , and non-existence , i am not . 
  it is a balnce between individuality and being part of a larger plan/clockwork . 
  an infinite being , who does n't need to care about any of those things can not grasp the concept . 
  hell , most mortals are n't in that position . 
  the two persons we know of that reached chim ( talos and vivec ) came from really shitty backgrounds ( for as far as they did n't change those ) : talos was a guy who was unsure of his background ( hjalti early-beard is a nord name , but he was born in high rock , and is refered to as `` man-elf '' in c0da ) and vivec was an androgynous man-whore . 
  lorkhan , just like the other et ` ada , is and has never been in a position to understand chim . 
  only mortals are able to learn it . 
  and regarding the quick question : i guess the thalmor and the dunmer are n't on speaking terms , mostly due to the fact the dunmer worshil daedra ( and other philosophical differences ) . 
  orcs are seen as ( and actually are ) corrupted elves , and daedra worshippers . 
  also , orcs like to distance themselves from the other elven races , often seeing them as cowardly and physically weak . 
  the thing with vivec is that his mortal self still exist in some way or the other . 
  vehk the mortal ( as opposed to vehk the god ) had his past rewritten , but is still an active factor within vivec . 
  the sermons hint at this a couple of times . 
  pelinal does share some traits with achilles , being the strongest among his troops and their champion , as well as being rash and known for not working well with others . 
  i know too little about the dragon psyche to comment on that , but i guess something like dragonrend would lead to panic first , before any meaningful philosophical revelation . 
  they also have a room full of freaks of nature ( i still remember that two-headed calf ) and there was this big research into homosexual necrophilia in ducks they did . 
  magic is a force of nature . 
  i think the closest analogy to our universe would be energy . 
  it is everywhere , and every natural process can be explained by means of magic ( just like energy in our universe ) . 
  now , there are multiple forms of magic . 
  the most studied and used is magicka , which draws its power from the light of magnus ( the sun ) and the stars . 
  other forms include shadow magic and tonal architecture . 
  since shadow magic is barely described , i wo n't go into this . 
  magicka functions most similar to energy in our universe . 
  it is n't simply the use of spells , but it also explains why living beings grow , and why something can burn ( the release of energy already stored in the object ) . 
  it is likely all sapient , and even a lot of non-sapient creatures can utilise it to some extend for spells . 
  most people wo n't be able to use magic beyond a simple destruction spell with ungodly amounts of concentration , but the study and training of such skills helps . 
  it is likely that it is nothing more than the release of energy already stored in the body , or the ability to draw that energy from outside sources ( like welkynd stones , for instance ) . 
  enchanting is similar to this . 
  it is storing extra magic into an object . 
  this magic is drawn from the souls of the diseased . 
  this magic can be manipulated in such a way that it creates a certain effect , like amplifying the users abilities , giving access to certain spells , or creating elemental effects on contact . 
  tonal architecture is slightly different . 
  the aurbis is music . 
  someone schooled and skilled enough is able to manipulate the song of the aurbis , either creating certain effects ( like shouts of the thu'um , or the shehai of the sword-singers ) , or bend reality all together ( like the dwemer and the numidium , and possibly the marukhati selective , although that might have been mantling ) . 
  tonal architecture is an other form of magic , which in its basis is simply the manipulation of natural phenomena . 
  the main problem is that lorkhan did n't leave mundus . 
  he is ` dead ' in figurative sense . 
  while it is questionable if he is in any conscious state , the void-ghost and his heart still hold power ( even though the heart does n't have a physical tie to mundus anymore ) . 
  as for the reason , the one i gave is about what vivec revealed on him in the sermons and vehk 's teaching , and is close to what most races of men tell . 
  your version seems more similar to that of the redguards and the races of mer . 
  to be fair , there is little clarity on what the real story of lorkhan is ; the creation stories of the mortal races are all just other sides of the coin ( or , to be more precise , they are all completely true , and , thus , false ) . 
  vivec on the other hand has more knowledge than basically any mortal , but he tends to lie about things ( which is also hard to proof since the only other person in universe that wrote about these things was insane ) . 
  also , i 'm not refuting help from divine beings ( after all , i said that lorkhan set an example for mortals ) . 
  the knowledge of chim might be easier for an et ` ada to gain , since they can see the wheel from its side , but the knowing of chim is a privilege reserved for mortals , since they know limits ( and non-existence ) . 
  '' ** variaties of paper in tamriel **, 
  [ ... ] while most would not give much thought about the paper they are using , a professional would instantly recognise and value the difference in paper and its production process . 
  of course the best known forms are the ones made in skyrim and nibenay . 
  where the skyrim paper is strong and sturdy , due to the use of mammoth dung , and excellent for posters hanged outdoors , the cyrodiilic paper is very flexible , thin , and almost blindingly white , and this is excellent for the more expensive books and religious texts . 
  while the exact process of production is a very well protected secret , most scholars claim this is due to a combination of rice and ancestor moth silk . 
  this gives the paper its famous white colour and thinness , yet retaining its strength . 
  other forms of paper exist throughout tamriel , each with their own strengths and uses . 
  the bretons and colovians , for instance , produce paper made from cow droppings , making the process a lot cheaper than in most other provinces , yet being of a well enough quality to make it usable for most purposes . 
  the redguards replace the wood normally used in the production process with very fine grained sand . 
  this severely weakens the paper , and hammerfell paper is generally used for note paper and other goals that only require a low-quality tier of paper . 
  the dunmer are known to use a combination of guar and netch droppings and ash from vvardenfell . 
  while guar and netch farms are abundant enough to make their droppings relatively cheap , the scarce population of and the distance to vvardenfell makes the production relatively expensive . 
  the ash , however , does cause that the paper contains special properties , often described as magical . 
  this makes the dunmar ash-paper to be expensive , albeit a relative cheap type for scrolls and some texts used in religious rituals . 
  when dealing with magic properties of paper , the form produced on alinor should not be forgotten . 
  most will have heard stories and trivia of these magic sheets . 
  the altmer use welwa droppings for their form of paper . 
  due to magical abilities of the welwa , their paper can store huge amounts of magicka , making them excellent for the use of magic scrolls . 
  the kahjiit used to have their own form of paper . 
  this form ( sometimes called moon - or , more colloquial , `` trip-sheets '' . 
  these sheets were made by soaking the paper in a special moon-sugar solution ( often called `` skooma '' ) , and used during religious and cultural rituals . 
  based on these rituals , some individuals eat the paper , coming under the influence of the moon-sugar solution , as well as other ( yet unknown ) ingredients . 
  this influence has been described as having objects change shape before ones eyes , seeing visions while having their eyes closed , a state only described as `` thoughts , memories and fantasies coming to life '' , and apparitions either terrible or wonderful . 
  while similar to fly amanita or certain other mushrooms native to skyrim , only the consumption of moon sheets is illegal in the empire and the dominion , and with it its production . 
  still , the use of `` tripsheets '' , and , thus , its production remain widespread throughout tamriel . 
  it is noteworthy that valenwood and argonia never developed their own paper production ( while the colovian process is widespread throughout these provinces nowadays ) . '', 
  `` what is art but a reference to itself ? '', 
  the song is definitely an epic , and does indeed follow many of the same lines as most of the big epics . 
  a unstoppable force , challenged by another great force , and a victory for the hero with a heavy price to pay . 
  i am still of the opinion that the various realms of the afterlife are mythopoeic constructions within the dreamsleeve . 
  often , whatever a culture beliefs is true , purely for the fact that they believe in it . 
  all these various , even if they conflict , is true . 
  it is interesting to note that all characters in sovngarde in skyrim are either legendary heroes or recently diseased . 
  whatever people remember will live on , in a belief-shapen realm as sovngarde . 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  [ ] ( / this ), 
  apart from living the culture associated with their race , a person being born and raised in skyrim might associate more with nordic culture than with that of their races home-province . 
  think of that redguard that wanted to go to to sovngarde , or the many people of different races living in cyrodiil . 
  i was high ...
