  i can see why i should add this . 
  good suggestion . 
  and still evryone wants to legalise it . 
  wake up , people !, 
  ca n't link you now ( goddamn slow phone ) , but the direnni were a group of aldmer living in high rock . 
  they interbred with the local nedes , to become the bretons . 
  direnni tower ( ada-mantia ) is named after them . 
  akatosh can not be a daedric prince , simply because of the fact that he gave himself to creation ( which makes him aedric ) . 
  the thing is , aedra are susceptible to mythopoeia , meaning that if a element of a aedric spirit is recognised by mortals , it exists . 
  in this case , aka is the oversoul , and akatosh and alduin are just two shards of it . 
  the dragons are also shards of aka ( albeit smaller and less powerful than the time gods themselves ) . 
  the problem is , that the way aedra are worshipped can not be wrong , due to mythopoeia . 
  besides , akatosh is a special case , as he has been created by the maruhkati selective , during a dragon break . 
  alright , there are some problems with your theory . 
  first of , you 're basing this of what mankar cameron says , while he is clearly insane . 
  besides , lorkhan and akatosh are aedra , as they have given themselves to creation . 
  also , akatosh did not kill lorkhan , auri-el did , and lorkhan and akatosh are merged together ever since the dragon break at the top of the tower . 
  akatosh 's realm is n't sealed of to him , it is his plane ( t ) . 
  he is his realm . 
  lastly , dagon could not appear in his full ` glory ' in mundus . 
  if one enters it , they have to submit to the earthbones . 
  akatosh could banish dagon , because of this , and the energy martin gave him ( as a dragonborn emperor ) . 
  this is a bit of an unorganised mess , but i was writing this while reading through your comment . 
  with what ushnad said in mind :, 
  if the aurbis is music , tonal architecture is tapping into and altering the fabric of reality . 
  the heart holds a special place , as it dictates the rhythm of the song . 
  i figure other stones might be used , but , yet again , the heart is special in all this . 
  more powerful is a hard term . 
  sure , in their respective spheres they are practically almighty , and they can have more direct contact with mortals . 
  still , we see that akatosh banished dagon back to oblivion , because dagon can not fully manifest himself on nirn . 
  and about the sources : standard encyclopaedia would be uesp , but it does not include out of game sources ( of which there are a lot ) . 
  you should look for those on the imperial library , and for some on the bethesda forum . 
  most of these are written by mk, 
  mk also answered that one . 
  the answer is logical , albeit a bit underwhelming . 
   oct 17 23:58:08 < transcrybyr  how does the sharmat 's line i am older than music tie in with the concept of music as a fundamental element of the world, 
  oct 17 23:59:01 < mk  nice one . 
  he 's ego-trippin ' and balls-trippin ' at the same time . 
  remember , that quote is from the sermons . 
  consider the source . 
   also , the dwemer , who follow logic and reason , developed space travel a long time ago and left nirn in their spaceships . 
  and you base this of ... ? 
  because , to my knowledge , the dwemer merged with the skin of the numidium somewhere in the first era . 
  op is referring to the kinmune or the anon/anu/anui-el text by mk , which is set in the ninth era ( both texts are bassicaly the same thing ) . 
  there is also the `` loveletters from the fifth era '' text, 
  wow , won it again dis n't i ( not really in any syate to respond to this ) . 
  anyway , feeling really great about that one . 
  so , does anyone have any obscure band i should know about ? 
  sort of ; birthsay of a mate od mine ... had a tap orderd , so ive been hqnging under it the ebtie night . 
  favourite book ... i think brave new world by aldous huxley . 
  it gave me insights in the struggle beyween freedom and culture . 
  and , yeah , the alcohol 's wearing of , sorta . 
  i always play morrowind with tamriel rebuilt . 
  i get a sort of excitement from discovering new territory , espacially parts that had been described in the lore before . 
  if only my video-card worked normal . . :(, 
  sounds interesting . 
  to be hounest , the closest things to metsl i 'm listening to are alice in chains ( their newer work ) amd rammstein, 
  i now have no idea what i was saying ... 
  well , this is embarresing . 
  i 'm surprised i could actually construct sentences , since i could barely speak my own language last night, 
  it means `` high '' according to lady n, 
  so the ehlnofex sentence would translate to : `` and with ( a ) high weapon ( s ) '' . 
  i think . 
  hear the eight strings play on the rythm of the drum , while the 16 flat and sharp tones play their own tune . 
  they feed the maestros , who make us play their tune , all kept by the mnemoli . 
  even with some of the maestros missing the tune goes on , ever varied . 
  and sometimes ... 
  the tune resets , and starts over again , with new maestro 's , but with the same rhythm . 
  and be aware of the importance of these maestros , for , with them killed , we will dissolve into deafness, 
  finally someone writing coherently ( been sometime here ) . 
  now to the discussion . 
  your theory of the scrools is interesting . 
  there are only three things i want to name . 
  first , they are only linked to mora in that they both are fragments of crearion . 
  i do n't think mora actually has anything to say over them . 
  secondly , a problem with the scrolls is discerning the future . 
  the past and present is clear , but everyone reads something different in the future . 
  which brings me to the last point . 
  recent chats with mk have brought to light the very fabric of the godheads dream : it 's music . 
  the scrolls are the sheet music , which have the music as written by magnus the architect/composer on it . 
  the music is conducted by the towers , the maestros . 
  however , since mundus is such a big implausibility in the aurbis , it is unstable , and as such the players of the piece ( everything in mundus ) make variations on it . 
  this is what makes the scrolls so hard to read . 
  the future has not yet been written . 
  there is a general direction , sure , but the players make variations on it , and are changing the direction and exact music as they play . 
  no , the people on solstheim are a completely different culture than the nords of skyrim . 
  the skaal worship only one god , the all-maker . 
  they do n't have anything to do with the old nordic gods . 
  hell , even some vanilla skyrim ruins are largely above ground, 
  i do n't have the logs myself , so i will blatantly copy-paste them here . 
  oct 15 23:24:34 < ! dovahkiin  what 's with all the musical connotations behind elder scrolls ? 
  you said last night that tonal architecture is similar to synaesthesia , but there 's obviously something greater at play here . 
  oct 15 23:24:50 < ! dovahkiin  [ e.g. 
  attuning spheres , etc ], 
  oct 15 23:24:55 < % mk  you mean like , i dunno , the name of `` c0da '' ? 
  oct 15 23:25:04 < + rottendeadite  oh fuck me, 
  oct 15 23:25:07 < ! dovahkiin  yeah , i 'm still figuring that stuff out, 
  oct 15 23:25:08 < % mk  lol, 
  oct 15 23:25:38 < % mk  i ca n't really answer that without sounding like a fag, 
  oct 15 23:25:43 < % mk  give me a moment,
