  the series 2920 mentions a ayleid appearing on the road , and tjurhane fyrre died somewhere in the second era . 
  it is still possible that their are some primitive tribes left in cyrodiil or valenwood . 
  no i get that it is n't important to the point ( their culture was already destroyed ) . 
  just tried to clear up a small inconsistency . 
  or they were incredibly strategic ad opportunistic , and saw their chance to take control . 
  honestly , i would n't be surprised either way . 
  i need to look up the source , but i do n't recall any other mention of a mage changing form like that . 
  it could be exclusive to them , or it could be a form of magic used by the aldmer ( seeing their obsession with birds ) . 
  edit : btw ayleids were masters of alteration magic, 
  i always mix those two up ... 
  niiiccccceeee, 
  ( imagine that being said with a heavy , black voice ), 
  also , you answered that a lot more serious than i imagined ( nearly broke my jaw the last time i asked . ), 
  my own theory ( which could be very , very wrong ) is that alduin was the first shard to form as a dragon , with some other shards following him . 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  i mix those things up constantly . 
  why the hell does english have so many spellings for things that are pronounced the same !, 
  it is n't explained well , but i have two ideas as to why : either the dwemer retreated deeper into their ruins , out of reach of the atmorans , or the atmorans discriminated between dwemer and falmer, 
  since most nordic/atmoran sources only name them as ` elves ' , i think it 's safer to say number 1, 
  bassicly all life originated on tamriel . 
  the hist came there just after the creation of mundus , and eventually the ehlnofey / aldmer and wanderers as well ( depending on the existence of aldmeris ) . 
  there were of course some animals and plants , but the intelligent races came later . 
  i think i mentioned their peaceful coexistence , but it might be too much underemphasised, 
  i think the atmorans did n't go much further than : non-atmoran = target, 
  to be fair , those words are the same in my native language as they are in english , so that 's my personal stupidity, 
  it 's dutch ( from the netherlands , i can explain why it is called dutch and not , say , netherlandish or such , but that would take a long time ) . 
  english is kind of a second language to me , as it is literally everywhere in my country ( and we only subtitle series and movies ) . 
  if i 'm right every kalpa starts at convention ( and not creation ) . 
  i do n't know if they are older than mundus , but they did survive the previous kalpa , possibly due to their own realm of oblivion, 
  akatosh and auri-el are both part of the aka oversoul , which represents every aspect of time . 
  further than that they do not have anything in common . 
  auri-el is pro-mer , responsible for the creation of time , and often depicted as a bird . 
  akatosh is pro-men , personifies time itself and is often depicted as a dragon . 
  the other time-gods represent other parts of time ( alkosh the maintaining of time , alduin the destruction of ot , for instance ) . 
  if i would take a guess , i 'd say that the only imga who would meet the pge writers are the altmer lovers . 
  the other ones would be high up in the trees hunting probably, 
  from a socio-linguistic point of view : there is no reason for that . 
  most cultures only have words to apply to them ( for instance : dutch has about 20 different words , each with a distinct meaning , for what would translate as cannal in english , just because there is a lot of water in the netherlands ) . 
  however , bethesda has n't done that good of a job for their fictional languages in the past , and i my guess is that there either is no one in the office who understands the basics of language , or who is willing to put enough time in it ( or can afford to put enough time in it ), 
  tl ; dr : possible developers oversight, 
  really now ? 
  you happen to have a source ? 
  well , to be fair , if nothing 's published , it does n't exist ( lore wise ) . 
  were did you pick up on it ? 
  high rock, 
  i think the same would happen during the warp in the west ; everything destroyed , massive loss of life , and a implausible situation coming out of it . 
  possibly the same as high rock . 
  i do n't see them using the pankratosword , as the sword-singing techniques were already lost during the third era . 
  my guess is that it depends on the person . 
  i think that , if they were to understand the repercusions of that idea ( understanding how it will impact the things around them ) , they would zero-sum . 
  but let 's be honoust , it is surprisingly hard to explain metaphysics to the average joe , even the simplest of concepts of it . 
  if the person in question would be like `` yeah , great and all , but how would it impact me ? '', 
  i do n't think anything would happen . 
  dagoth ur is a special case , since he was closely linked to the heart of lorkhan . 
  chim is seeing the wheel from the outside , seeing that you 're a part of everything . 
  irc dagoth ur got it mixed up and looked at the wheel from the inside ( mundus is the hub , after all , and the heart is the centre of that ) . 
  as a result he saw himself as the centre of everything . 
  instead of having all gradients ( is that the right word ? ), 
  fall away , he saw himself as the highest force . 
  i technically is n't chim that he reaches . 
  i do n't know the full theory though . 
  what kind of flair are you getting ? 
  gongrats with sotw btw . 
  i do n't know why i 'd asked , i could 've known it had something to do with khajiit ... 
  thanks mate . 
  i really enjoyed writing them . 
  they were surprisingly better recieved than i had thought . 
  gongratulations to flippie ( again ), 
  to all : what would be the weirdest , most bizarre dream you 've had . 
  mine was that i dreamt i was a monkey , and started furiously masturbating , while hanging from my tail , in the middle of a supermarket ( since that seemed the most logical thing to do at the time ) . 
  they must 've been good with fire magic ^ and ^ i 've ^ crossed ^ the ^ line, 
  i have to say , seeing my ` child ' in completion in the compilation made me tear up a bit . 
  they grow up so fast * snif *, 
  so ... vivec already survived a kalpa ? 
  that makes sense , but would n't mundus resetting itself to convention make that impossible , even for a chim-achiever ? 
  i mean , there is no moment in time to go to , no context to change something in , since that timeline , and that context are compketely gone . 
  or at least , that is my thought . 
  that is fitting for the sermons , is n't it ? 
  it is always cryptic and speaking in riddles . 
  do you perhaps mean ashlanders . 
  because i could swear outlander was just a catch-all for everyone born outside of morrowind ( dunmer and non-dunmer ) . 
  if you do mean ashlander , than here is a bit of information . 
  the ashlanders are all strictly dunmer , and do not like outlanders ( or great-house dunmer for that matter ) . 
  they still worship the three good daedra ( azura , boethiah , mephala ) , while resenting the house of troubles ( sheogorath , mehrunes dagon , malacath , molag bal ) . 
  their tribes are led by the ashkan ( chiefs ) , with the spiritual and religious leader being the wise woman . 
  but how would the average joe know about talos finally being a full-blown god ( or as close to it as he 'll ever be ) ? 
  you disappear . 
  while nobody remembers you , and your name is gone forever , at least one monk left behind some notes . 
  i can look around for the source about the monk, 
  first off , we are drifting of-topic , and the mods are n't always too happy with it . 
  but why is dutch called dutch :, 
  the word comes from the western-germanic word diets ( or a variant of that ) , which means ` popular ' or ` simple ' ( as opposed to french ) . 
  while the germans and dutch started using it for german ( dutch is ` nederlands ' and ` niederl\u00e4ndisch ' in dutch and german , respectively ) , the english used it for dutch , since they had a bit more contact with the dutch than the germans during the 15th-17th century . 
  yup that 's the one, 
  along with the fact that boethiah looks up to lorkhan , he also ate trinimac to further convince the followers of veloth . 
  he shows that he ( a daedra ) is powerful enough to effectively destroy a god as trinimac ( an aedra ) . 
  there is no way for us to answer that . 
  i would geuss that would happen , but if everything related to them would disappear , including offspring and memories , we ca n't be sure . 
  first of , i admit i have n't read the sources close enough , but could it be that barenziahhad already fled for the impending danger , and that symmachus stayed like a captain going down with his ship ? 
  just speculating , of course .
