  when the reach fell , the last king , faolan , led a guerrilla war against the legions in the reach , and he eventually became the first briarheart , a person whose heart is replaced with a briar heart , and experiences improved pain resistance , strength , and magickal abilities . 
  the story stems originally from an oral tradition , and as such many anachronisms and contradictions have found their way into it . 
  as such , the imperial names have been changed to fit better with a reach audience , as well as many of the episodes . 
  a good example of these anachronisms is the almost complete absence of the original pantheon of the reachmen , which has been replaced ( albeit ` reachified ' ) by the imperial cult almost completely . 
  seeing these changes , none of this should be taken as historical accurate ( although our world is filled with strange and absurd phenomena ) . 
  one day , hestr\u00e1m u\u00ed aledb went to the chantry , for she knew hunger for land and for conquest and for rule . 
  she asked the priest tul\u00edr - beautiful-talk - where she might find land and conquest and rule . 
  `` in the north are lands free from your conquest and your rule , and they are not yet your lands , '' said tul\u00edr . 
  `` what might be the name of these lands that are free from my conquest and my rule , and are not yet my lands ? '', 
  tul\u00edr answered : `` these lands are named many by their people , who are nord , nede , orc and mer . 
  they are named reachmen by us , who are c\u00edroid - men of nibhenn and coloviagh and seshach , which is the heart lands . '', 
  hestr\u00e1m replied : `` i will ride to these lands , which are free from my conquest and my rule , and are not yet my own , with my army of 1500 men . 
  and for every of those i will have ten , and for every ten i will have nine , and for every nine i will have eight , and seven , and six , and five , and four , and three , and two , and one . 
  for every one of them slain by the men of the reach , i will slay them eightfold , for this is a holy number , given to us the c\u00edroid . '', 
  tul\u00edr replied : `` be wary , o great queen hestr\u00e1m , for the men of the reach have many warriors and heroes and champions , such as destrach and muirlehmne and fiachna of kath and fiachna of drachsta\u00edr and fergus and suibhne and suibhne and suibhne [ - for these were cousins - ] and f\u00e1fdir and r\u00f3eich and finnbenach the bull and mardach and granthac and h\u00edrti and gl\u00e1ess and birhambne and fiarde strong-arm and r\u00edarmach and lechan and lechan and firthemne and aillil and sebhthagh and terargh and faolan . 
  each of these men is as strong as another hundred , and needs as many women to be pleased . 
  they are the bane of any army , and their weapons crack thunder and light forests , so that no man might flee from their terror . 
  may you heed this warning , and not undergo the same fate as those that stood in their way , for no man survived their meeting with these warriors and heroes and champions . '', 
  the queen replied : `` i am aware of these men , tul\u00edr , for they have a name that reaches to the far edges of tamhr\u00e9al , which is the wonder of the dawn . 
  i will not meet them ill-prepared , and i will be sure to bring warriors and heroes and champions of my own . 
  do not forget that i have orc\u00ed - snake - in my entourage , who is a deserter and a traitor to the reach , but a helper an ally to us . 
  he knows all these men and their weaknesses . 
  along with those warriors and heroes and champions , and the snake , i will bring my trusted spears and javelins and horses and swords and armours and claymores and blades and shields and darts and daggers and bows and arrows . 
  no man will best me and my armies , for i wear cim aed\u00e1ibh, 
  ba\u00edm , which is the stone of the covenant . 
  with the ruby on my breasts i shall overcome these men , for i am blessed by kai and so are my men ! '', 
  these were the words spoken by hestr\u00e1m and so they were heard throughout the corners of tamhr\u00e9al , and all men gathered for this great war that was about to begin . 
  the reach gathered to discuss the brewing in the south , which was nibhenn and coloviagh and seshach . 
  they talked and discussed and argued for nine days and eight nights . 
  then , on the final day , after no consensus had been reached , all would return home , to raise their own armies , and gather their own men . 
  these were the men that returned home to their kingdoms :, 
  there was king renach of karth , who was said to be as strong as all the men of the reach put together . 
  he wore one sword and one shield , and some said he could swing his sword so fast that time would appear going backwards and forwards and sideways , which cracked lightning . 
  there was king mashuig of dr\u00e1chst\u00e1ir , who was an archer beyond reckoning , he was said to be able to hit a target six hundred miles away , and was even able to sever a khajiit 's tail from his throne , which is why it is called elsweyr , for he was not there . 
  he was the justest of all kings , and offered sanctuary to those in need . 
  there was king c\u00eder of the leap , who had the strongest thrust-arm in the ten kingdoms . 
  his spear was said to pierce eight men and still would reach half-way through the ninth . 
  he was the highest judge of the reach , and his call would be the line between this world and the next . 
  there was king fernhete of sian h\u00e1irgramen - clearing of the hargraven - , for he had dealings with them . 
  he was the most destructive of the all mages in the reach . 
  his spells were lightning and fire , and his eyes , glimmering with eight pupils , shot frost that would kill any foe in sight . 
  he was said to teach and judge any youngster in the reach old enough to pick up arms , and if he saw them fit he would raise them to warriors and heroes and champions . 
  there was king huithar of karthwasten , who was the middlest of kings . 
  he was not above any of the other kings in combat , yet he was above all normal men . 
  he was gifted in the two-sword feat , and could rout armies with his skill , which was said to carve through air itself , and kill any unfair ruler . 
  he was the noblest , and his rule was an example to the others , protecting traders and craftsmen alike . 
  there was queen fedelm of r\u00e9chthabd - air sanctuary - , who was widowed and now unmarried . 
  her javelin was sure to hit , and would destroy entire battalions with her weeping for her past husband , which would cause thunder . 
  she was said to command birds and bears whenever het armies marched to battles , which brew storms overhead . 
  there was queen m\u00e1ithramail the mother-like of n\u00e9mach , who was the truest of all . 
  her skill with the claymore was the fear of any army , and any man twice her size . 
  she was motherliest of all , and she would raise and foster any child that would become an orphan in the reach . 
  there was queen balgadb of badb , who was the craftiest of all . 
  her dagger-feat would pierce through any man 's armour , and any man that she drew blood , and did not die immediately , would fall from the poison within nine days . 
  she was said to reach any goal she set herself to with her beauty [ which was that of a young virgin ] , and she would have any foe succumb to her with the friendship of her thighs . 
  there was king l\u00e9ech of sian sp\u00edr flach - clearing of the broken tower - , who some said was not a true king . 
  he was said to be half dead and half alive . 
  he was not gifted in any weapon-feat , but he could withstand nine times nine wounds per soldier he met , which was a holy number given to him . 
  he ruled over lands which were not joined together , and some said he lorded over all the reach in truth . 
  and there was king faolan - red-eagle - who ruled the remainder . 
  his name was given to him , and it fitted him well [ as to how is only to be seen ] . 
  he could smite any army or empire that faced him eightfold with his sword , which was named after him , and crafted from the bones of a holy wolf he slew when he was not yet five years old , and made in such a way to appear as iron . 
  his rule was unknown to the men of the reach , and as such can not be written down in these pages . 
  these were the men of the reach that returned home to raise their own armies , and gather their own men . 
  faolan returned to his fort , which was also named after him , or vice versa . 
  there he sat down at the mass hall and let out a sigh . 
  `` i am sickened of the horrible things that will happen in the coming months . '', 
  `` what horrible things ? 
  what will happen ? '', 
  cried out the men in the hall . 
  faolan replied : `` as we are speaking , a grand army marches in the south . 
  they will come here to rule and to conquer , for these lands are not yet their own . 
  they are led by h\u00e9stram , who is from alesh , and their queen . '', 
  one of the man , h\u00edrti , rose up , slamming his drink on the table , and cried out : `` we will not let us be ruled by these men of the south , for our lands have always been free of their rule and their conquest , and have never been theirs . 
  we have warriors and champions and heroes beyond compare , and she will never set foot in the reach without nine men to meet her , and every men of us that is slain will be avenged nine fold , for this is a holy number in the north . '', 
  faolan replied : `` if this is true , my foster-son , it would not have taken us eight nights and nine days to discuss the topic , nor would we be as dispersed as we are now . 
  this is an army larger and stronger than any amassed yet . 
  as it is , none of us would be able to beat them with storming in blindly . '', 
  another of the men , andoe , who was the fastest of the messengers in the reach , and could circle tamrh\u00e9al in one day , rose up , and said : `` let me look for the army on yonder mountain , for i have the sharpest eyes in the reach , and can see any army from here to the bleeding in the east and the crystal clan-oath in the south and the forest in the north and the sword and hammer of the west . '', 
  it was decided ; andoe would scout the army , and report back to faolan and his men . 
  andoe mounted his best horse , and set off to clan siam - empty mountain - , for there was nothing that grew on its slope . 
  andoe went with the wind in his back , formed from the collective breath of the anxious warriors of faolan . 
  if he wanted , he could pluck eight swallows and nine hawks from the air . 
  his horse flew up clan siam , which would from then on be called fedlg r\u00edat cneraich - nests of the breath of the reach - for the birds caught in the whirlwind of andoe would call it their home from then on . 
  andoe stayed on the mountain for nine hours , and returned home to faolan . 
  he stormed in , saying : `` i have seen the army in the south , which is larger and stronger than any amassed before ! '', 
  `` how big is it ? 
  who rides against us ? '', 
  cried the men of faolan . 
  `` first i saw nothing , not a single farmer or traveller or soldier on the plains of coloviagh , '' replied andoe . 
  `` but when i stayed there a bit longer , the animals of the grand forests and jungles came leaping out , as if herded by the greatest dog to ever walk the lands of tamhr\u00e9al . 
  then , i was nearly blinded by a bright flash . 
  when my eyes had adjusted , i saw twenty four battalions , each thousand and eight strong . 
  when i remained there for even longer , i saw a proud woman , wearing a purple and red mantle , with fur coating on the top . 
  on her back was a eight-pronged spear , and a shield with eight circles on it , each filled with a different depiction . 
  on her hip was a white-gold sword , with a ruby hilt . 
  on her breasts was an enormous gem , blood-red in colour , with golden rims , and many coloured gems to ornament it . 
  she was on top of a big white horse , with blonde manes , which had a horned plate mail covering over its head . '', 
  `` who might this proud woman be ? '', 
  asked h\u00edrti .
