  if you finish it , for the love of god , give me a link . 
  this will be brilliant . 
  thanks mate , yeah i 'm on this sub now for about three or four weeks , including lurking . 
  joined right after a bet with a friend of my ended . 
  the original orsinium lay in the wrothgarian mountains of high rock ( noth east corner of the illiac bay ) . 
  where the new one is , i do n't know . 
  people did n't want a independent orsinium not only for the racial problems , already disscussed here , but also because of the way high rock was polliticaly divided ( at least during the events of daggerfall ) . 
  the whole province was divided in small kingdoms . 
  wanting to start a new one meant that you had to claim land from other kingdoms . 
  not so weird that nobody recognized orsinium . 
  so sheably posted a thread a couple of hours ago ( which got removed for obvious reasons ) with the idea of this subreddit united as a guild in eso . 
  there was some discussion , but i figured it would draw a bit more attention here . 
  so what 's everyone thought on that ? 
  i think it sounds good , if i would buy eso at launch . 
  ps : was n't that clear . 
  the idea was to bring lore to the average player . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  i edited it just now . 
  same here , but i get the feeling that , if we were to go through with it , the group would quickly split in half of us bitching about how wrong the lore is , and the other half paying no attention to the other players , and just start discussing chim and towers together . 
  so in short , it 's probably going to turn out into one big circlejerk ( or two slightly less big ones ) . 
  still , it would be fun to actually play with this community , minus the ` sticking the lore to the man ' part . 
  i went with the story uesp listed , but i should look up the reports vivec gave the nerevarine . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  edit : i found the sources on the different , ashlander story , but not on the claim that the tribunal needed much time to master their powers to regain their appearance . 
  do you happen to have a source on this ? 
  i might as well , if i manage to fix my videocard first and find out how the payement for the game works . 
  so will it be one-time payment , like with guild wars , or will it have a monthly fee ? 
  what was your worst experience with a club/performance ? 
  it is mostly a religious difference , with the morag tong venerating mephala , and the dark brotherhood venerating sithis and the night mother ( although it is rumoured that that is mephala disguising herself to deal with the db ) . 
  further , there are some munor details , like the morag tong being legal and only in morrowind , and the db illegal and everywhere else in tamriel . 
  thanks . 
  i 'm currently away , and do n't want to edit it from my phone . 
  i 'll change it saturday or sunday . 
  i read that the english profix came from the proto-indo-european * udz - . 
  thay would explain why it is also in irish gaelic, 
  possibly exists , seeing that the author appears in morrowind . 
  the player ca n't find or see it , though, 
  since race influences the use of magicka , i would say that it is hereditary ( or at least on the same level as height and eye/hair colour would be ), 
  the only thing i can think of , is a passage in the ` jokes ' book from daggerfall and onward . 
  it jokes about homosexuality in the khajitti navy . 
  i thought this was called the second dominion ( i admit : i 'm not really clear minded at the moment ) . 
  i remember reading somewhere that the thalmor are a caste in the altmer society ( there society is incredible hierarchical ) , corresponding woth some sort of nobility . 
  so i do n't think you can call them a political part , but more a group of nobles pulling the string . 
  it 's a standard navy joke irl , just translated to the tes universe, 
  is n't that just the same one as the original one , seeing that they havem ' t got annexed yet ( i 'm still not in any state to check it ) ? 
  there is the aldmer ( or altmer ) theory that they had offspring with the humans , which accounts for their stouter build , but they themselves believe they got their appearance fron y' ffre , as part of their green pact . 
  i wrote a post about thaylt not too long ago , which links to posts with more information on it . 
  both are in the apogrypha , if you want to look it up . 
  fair enough, 
  it would n't be too farfetched , seeing that the nazi-empire was so instrumemtal in history , and some more obscure references to history and religion in tes games, 
  not all deals with daedra are about souls . 
  in skyrim , however , there are two moments when you do give your soul to a daedra . 
  the first in when you become a nightingale , whose souls are claimed by nocturnal . 
  the second is when you become a werewolf , whose souls belong to hircine . 
  that 's true . 
  honoustly , i do n't know the details , just that the aldmer said they took mannish wives . 
  might be some aldmeri bullshit though, 
  uesp mentioned the bosmer use it for themselves ( they did have more contact with the ayleid than any other elven race ) . 
  edit : the sources are ` the wild elves ' , which was already in daggerfall , so early in the established lore , and it mentions the ayleid names for the living merkinds . 
  the other source is the pge first edition , which is quite notorious for the inconsistencies . 
  uesp might be wrong ( i have n't checked in a wile , and i found it weird in the first place ) , but the bosmer probably took over elements from the ayleid language . 
  still , my source might be wrong . 
  plus , the bosmer were easier with accepting other groups than most other species ( especially than the other mer ), 
  true , but the tribunal has their reasons to tell their side , even to the nerevarine . 
  nocturnal is called the ur-daedra , and she gets the souls . 
  i do n't know how that goes for a conflict between other princes , but there was a thread about that this week ( i thought it was mentioned in the threat about the meaning of ur ), 
  secondly , males produce semen constantly , for almost their entire lives , while women have a fixed amount of eggs , and are only fertile for about 30 years . 
  males do n't have tobe selective with their partner , from an evolutionairy point of view , while women do . 
  still , i 'm not really comfertable with applying real world rules and logic in a fantasy series , where other rules apply . 
  they do live longer than humans , so they might have the same absolute fertillity as humans over a longer period ( which might be a hundred years or something ) . 
  well , at least you 're not racist, 
  yeah looks familiar . 
  leadibg a archeological summer camp now . 
  those guys can drink . 
  we 're doing two crates a night . 
  i can hear my liver weeping, 
  still , why would they invade morrowind if they only act out of defensive purposes, 
  yeah well you should only use a bike if you can ride it . 
  people in amsterdam are assholes , in cars , on bikes and as pedestrians . 
  they kind of like it to ride peope of those bikes . 
  they probably cached him in with just enough food to make it through the week, 
  xeno , btw : i saw that you forgot to put flippers and my names by our posts you put in the apocrypha last week . 
  any reason for that , or just lack of interest ? 
  i need to defend my name , and keep my honour up , now would n't i ? 
  anyway , take your time with the hist things , i have asked mr_flippers for some information on the khajiit , and i 'm waiting for that 'til tuesday ( or shorter if i 'm bored ) . 
  probably wo n't start the hist thing until the weekend, 
  if some of you are writing the pronunciation thingy and have the right pronunciation , inbox me , i might be able to write it in ipa, 
  so friday evening or something ? 
  fine with me . 
  i have the house to myself , so i will probably start a bioshock marathon . 
  wo n't have that much time to write myself, 
  first of , i 'm on my phone right now , so i ca n't quote without transcribing everything . 
  now to the questions . 
  first one about orsinium . 
  i do n't know if it is recognised , but there is a city called orsinium on the skyrim-hammerfell bordere . 
  the orcs recognise it , but what the other species think of it , i so n't know . 
  the the whole trinimac thing . 
  it is hinted that trinimac was the god of family and pariah ( linking people together , bassicly ) . 
  malacath holds a related status as prince of outcasts . 
  regarding orsinium : i do n't know how much he was involved in orsinium and its establishment , but if he would care he would 've definitly been involved , as he does care for his orcs , and , as a daedric prince , can hold presence on nirn .
