  for as far as i know , there is no major lore written by mk outside of the games that is conflicting woth in-game material . 
  it is an addition to the tes universe as featured in the games . 
  also , metaphysics have n't really been expanded on since morrowind , of which mk was a writer . 
  gained knowledge is worth more than given knowledge . 
  besides , giving clear answers is boring , and we 're doing this all for fun , are n't we . 
  he gives us stuff to discuss and theorise over . 
  in the end , that is why i came here . 
  and that is why i like mk 's work . 
  its vagueness is its strength . 
  [ * kadjit likes this . 
  * ] ( / / #maiq ), 
  [ * you wan na buy some , kid ? 
  * ] ( / / #fan ), 
  they pulled it !, 
  this is definitly 3deep5them for the casuels of / r/teslore !, 
  we know vivec was immensely powerfull due to achieving chim . 
  i 'm not really confident about the other two , though , but their power should not be underestimated . 
  most interestingly , they almost made it impossible for the daedric prince who were their anticipations to manifest themselves , to the anger of the daedra in question . 
  also , they made it really , really hard to save , so most players lose all their progression and experience they gained . 
  and here ? 
  yeah , it does !, 
  auri-el wanted to be a god again , and not to escape the dream , by making his own . 
  he liked this dream ( or was n't aware of its nature , but i doubt that ) , and only wanted his past glory . 
  there are some important details you omitted from your comment . 
  firstly , we know that the thalmor will go to extreme lengths to gain what they want , even if it means they have to resort to something padomaic as destruction . 
  on the other hand , destroying towers would n't necessarily put them in the same place as dagon , and here the reasoning is important as well . 
  while the thalmor resort to padomaic methods , in the hope to regain their anuic nature , mehrunes dagon destroys without question . 
  he does it simply for the sake of it . 
  the thalmor really want to destroy mundus . 
  even if they could rule and regulate everything , they will never be able to escape the padomaic concept that is mortality . 
  destruction is the only way . 
  sometimes you have to become it , in order to destroy it . 
  that is not found on uesp , last i checked . 
  it has to do with the fact that the information regarding wanderers and nedes comes from out of game sources , while the uesp sticks with the pge information , which is wrong . 
  the nedes are from tamriel , and became the imperials , bretons , and possibly the kothringi . 
  atmorans from atmora became nords , and yokudans from yokuda became redguards . 
  the amulet also worked for the alessian and reman emperors , and they are n't related to the septims . 
  the only thing that matters , is that there is a ` rightful ' ruler on the throne , whatever that might make them . 
  at least , that is what it looks like to me, 
  the other prince never came back ... 
  he could still very well be a nord , though . 
  skyrim has always been divides . 
  besides , they would n't leaf colovian troops alone , just because they are led by a nord . 
  i would n't use the facial features of a empire way down in line for any form of comparisson . 
  genetics work weird in tes , as a child always has the race of its mother , with just a few traits of the father . 
  some emperors were breton , because of this . 
  you assume he simply coppied real life cultures . 
  i think that is a great oversimplification . 
  of course the developers had insperation from real life cultures , but they are more than simply a copy of the real life . 
  also , just because it is n't conveniently placed , does not make it wrong . 
  that 's cute . 
  bit late for the community thread , but i bassicaly roled out of a plane just now . 
  i had been in spain ever since thursday for a school project , with very sporatic internet access ( or time , very little of that as well ) . 
  so , hiw has everyone been doing in my absence ? 
  the term ` divine ' is harder to ise than that in the tes universe . 
  while using ' ** the *** divines ' you are always referring to the imperial pantheon , the term can just as well be applied to any other god in the universe . 
  also , daedra are n't the antipoles of aedra , necessairily . 
  the difference lies in their participation or not in creation . 
  they are only referred to as ` demons ' because most of them represent things that would be considered evil by most mortals ( because those are the spheres of our ancestors ' enemies ? 
  ) , eventhough not all daedra are on bad terms with mortals ( azura , for instance ) . 
  i think you should be more afraid of myrr on that account . 
  edit : myrr has three , i only two sotw awards, 
  the absolute start would be the falling asleep of the godhead , starting the dream . 
  if we would look at the beginning of anything in the dream , it would be the conflict between anu ( and his soul anui-el ) and padomay ( and his soul sithis ) . 
  this caused the grey-maybe , which became the aurbis , and the et ` ada that ` lived ' there . 
  the start of mundus is creation , the betrayal of the et ` ada that became the aedra by lorkhan . 
  baby caught me waking up < 3 #sleep #wakingup #love #nofilter #meow, 
  the accepted theory is that mephala acts as sithis to gain the dafk brotherhoods support . 
  seeing that she has plans set out for most people , i would not be surprised if she would continue the illusion for those spirits she sees fit to be summoned ( assuming she has anything to say about having the souls in the first place ) . 
  going to the void is impossible , as far as i know.tieing in with the musical themes , thw void is the absence of sound , and the rest is music , meaning that sound would dissappear in the void ( i.e. 
  cease to exist ) . 
  the best bet would be mephala srewing with the dark brotherhood, 
  the void is , to my knowledge , the emptiness that surrounds the aurbis , filling up the remainder of the dream world . 
  it is where anu and padomay originated , but their overlapping created the aurbis . 
  mephala already holds the morag tong . 
  the idea is that , by pretending to be another ` deity ' , she can control both groups , without them knowing . 
  i think it is to further the believe of living db members . 
  that sounds like the breaking of a kalpic system to me . 
  apart from the facts already stated that ebony is most likely not present in the south of tamriel , and that the altmer wo n't use lorkhan 's blood , there are also more pragmatic reasons . 
  altmer strategy and martial arts are focused around lighter armour types , since they have archers and battlemages as important parts of their millitary . 
  as you know , ebony is one of the heaviest materials in tamriel , and i do n't see the thalmor changing their military tradition for a different set of armour . 
  the earthbones were aedra that sacrificed themselves to stabilise nirn , they did do it in a different way than how the towers opperate . 
  the earthbones stabilised things in nirn , trying to keep it going regular ( which only really worked after convention ) . 
  the towers , on the other hand , keep mundus from fading into oblivion ( as you may know , the existence of mundus is increadibally impropable ) . 
  also , not all towers are ~ ~ men - or mer-made ~ ~ mortal made . 
  ada-mantia and red mountain were created by the gods . 
  there is a difference between ehlnofey and wanderers . 
  ehlnofey is a term for the original group of mortals on tamrial ( besides the hist ) , while the terms old ehlnofey and wanderers were only used after the ehlnofey wars , showing the final divide between the two . 
  of course . 
  we know that anu is the amaranth in the godhead 's dream , and , iirc , there should be another amaranth who would appear at the end of time . 
  mortal made *, 
   q : what caused the wanderers and old ehlnofey to split ? 
  what was the cause of their war ? 
  a : that was the dawn . 
  wars then were ideologies given skin . 
  this came from the recent mk ama . 
  if i were to draw a conclusion from this , i would say that it is the same conflict that had always been between men and mer , namely how to regard mortality and creation . 
  the old ehlnofey , being the ancestors of mer , hated it , and wanted to escape from it . 
  the wanderers , on the other hand , saw it as a gift by lorkhan , and loved it . 
  the waking up part of anu was the waking up in his own dream , the becoming aware of the fact that he was dreaming , and gaining consciousness in said dream .
