  he/she is a walking duality , and it is kind of his/her theological role within the tribunal . 
  it 's a gameplay element . 
  while it is possible that you would find a 200 year old brick , or a magical artifect , standardised money would not pop-up in a supposidely unexplored ruin . 
  however , the tes games are still games . 
  the player needs a reward for exploring , andthat is normally done on loot , as basic armor/weapons , and money . 
  it is nnothing more than that , and should not be considered lore-accurate ( unless you can find a way to explain it well ) . 
  not a problem at all , happy to help !, 
  ormally souls are devided in black and white . 
  white are simple creatures , and black souls are owned by sentient beings . 
  the playable races ( as well as some daedra ) have black souls , as illustrated in the games ( black soulgems required to soultrap them ) . 
  now , all mer and men ( orcs and khajiit count as mer ) are descendants of the ehlnofey , who were et ` ada that were unable to remain divinity , and could only survive through reproduction . 
  argonians , however , are not related to the ehlnofey . 
  they are most likely a bio-engineering experiment by the hist . 
  they are sentient , and have a black soul , but i do n't know if the dreamsleeve would effect them , as their soul is n't et ` adaic in nature . 
  i do n't know any exact moment . 
  you should put it somewhere before the sword meting with vivec , so either during or not too long after his conquest . 
  i 'm not too well-versed in my tiber lore , so there might be something out there . 
  talos controlled numidium for a while , but numidium also kind of fucked up multiple time-lines multiple times . 
  what the hell nocturnal is doing in her free time is anyone 's guess , but i would n't be surprised if she would have her hands bussy with keeping the other princes in place . 
  not a problem , what is confusing ? 
  i 'm willing to shed some light on it . 
  they are part of a world-building project ifw is working on . 
  first of , congratulations to sakazwal !, 
  the last week was horribly dull , as it was the week of my last high school classes ever ( that time before the exams when both students and teachers do n't give a shit anymore ) . 
  it is a weird thought that six years of my life will be coming to an end in about 4-5 weeks ... 
  there is a difference in showing some heroes , equally spread over time , and showing only legendary heros and recently deceased . 
  also , everything that stays above ground is either destroyed by nature , or is stripped for resources . 
  why make a brick when you can find one ? 
  khajiit are actually mer who were changed by azura . 
  the book [ words of clan mother ahnissi ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:words_of_clan_mother_ahnissi ) deals with the origin story of khajiit . 
  they are feminine dragons , who are tasked with mending the dragon during a break . 
  they are first mentioned in the nu-mantia intercept , iirc , which was released somewhere in 2010 , i think . 
  i would argue with calling the ayleids a hated race in their own time . 
  it is defendable to say that the dwemer build underground fortresses to protect themselves from ash storms on vvardenfell , or from falmeri or atmoran armies in skyrim , but the ayleids were hegemonial in cyrodiil up until the slave rebellion , which was a relatively sudden movement . 
  mythopoeia is a concept that is important in the tes universe . 
  it litteraly would mean something like myth-making . 
  it is the idea that worship shapes reality . 
  aedra are influenced by this . 
  because they are near dead , they thrive on the energy mortals prpduce due to worship . 
  the side effect is , that they are shaped by it ( hence the greater local variety in character of the aedra than in the daedra ) . 
  sovngarde might have been an illusion until a lot of people started believing in it , thus making it a real thing . 
  [ i remember this version ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xdozdal.jpg ), 
  * cough * godwin * cough *, 
  ey , it is hard work for us europeans to stay up until four !, 
  i 'm still wondering what amount of fellow dutch are on here , but the pie chart was n't much help . 
  also , one of the mods is working on a required reading list , but that might take a while . 
  an enthousiastic person might have access to parts of that knowledge . 
  the sermons are found throughout morrowind ( although it is hard to say how much of that would be believed by a non-temple believer ) . 
  the psjijics might know details as well . 
  still , think of it as in our world . 
  even though the litterature is out there , how many people actually know about the details of theoretic physics , or the more complicated problems in theology ? 
  you are stating the complete opposite of the idea behind c0da . 
  the idea is not that mk is god within the lore community , or that his work is canon . 
  it is the opposite . 
  bethesda , mk , and everyone playing the games together form the world of the elder scrolls . 
  the ideas people on the internet put forward can be as much right as the views bethesda or mk put forth . 
  it is not about fixing canon , it is about disbanding it . 
  chim is driven by love so egocentric it is altruistic . 
  what would tiber love to push ebonarm aside . 
  the ehlnofey were already around before convention , so every kalpa has them . 
  and men ( and mer ) descend from them . 
  pelinal is a completely different story altogether . 
  most shezzarines seem to be acting like a regular person ( i.e. 
  expressing free will ) , but pelinal had no such thing . 
  he was completely different . 
  he was driven insane by his shared blessing of akatosh and lorkhan . 
  he was a robot in a semi-figurative sense : driven by destiny , with no chance of forsaking it . 
  possibly , but his knowledge would be unable to influence his descisions . 
  congratulations to phil_hinds , and happy easter/passover/4 / 20/whatever it is you 'll be celebrating now to everyone . 
  even if he would make a few people crazy , it can seriously fuck things up . 
  just having a couple of people insane can seriously disjoint a community , or a state , for that matter . 
   first daedra, 
  she is the first ** et ` ada ** . 
  she is litteraly the first spirit to be born from sithis and anui-el . 
  because of her age , she is the ur dra ( ehlnofex for `` original ancestor '' ) . 
  `` first '' is a hard term to use . 
  time only became linear at convention , which was bassicaly the last move in shaping the aurbis and the wheel . 
  everything before that happened before , after , and along everything else , all at once . 
  seeing nocturnal 's titulature and that her sphere is considered necessary for the forming of the other et ` ada ( do n't ask me how ) , she is the first one . 
  celebrating hitler 's birthday and passover at the same time sounds weird ... 
  and congratulations with your parents !, 
  only bretons and imperials ( and kothringi ) are descendents of nedes . 
  atmorans and yokudans are a different group of wanderers . 
  aldmeris and atmora are difficult . 
  it seems that yokuda , tamriel , and akavir form an axis on time ( from past to present to future , respectively ) . 
  atmora , tamriel , and aldmeris form their own axis , on a anuic-padomaic scale . 
  atmora is pure anuic . 
  it is frozen , eternal . 
  it 's inhabitants wanted change , so they could progress , and they went to tamriel , becoming the nords , who love change ( redguards are religiously more anuic , and the nedic descendants ( bretons , imperials ) have a weaker opinion on the matter , as fits them ) . 
  aldmeris is the opposite . 
  it is pure padomaic , and as such is not representable on a map ( it has no fixed borders , no fixed landmarks , or place ) . 
  it 's inhabitants wanted the stability necessary for building a community . 
  as such they left for tamriel , becoming the elves . 
  both atmora and aldmeris are n't really existing , as they are pure concepts taking shape , that do n't really fit in with the world . 
  those two groups coming to tamriel would fit tamriel 's name as the arena : a place where ideologies go to kill each other . 
  short summaries ( without the time-fuckery ) :, 
  atmora is a frozen wasteland to the north of tamriel , and the previous home of the atmorans , who later went to tamriel and became the nords . 
  akavir is a land to the east , and seems to have a bigger diversity in races than the others . 
  it is also divided in nations . 
  at one point , the tsaeci invaded tamriel , only to be halted by reman , who allowed them into his court .
