  even though this has gone on for countless cycles , or one , we have not found the far shores yet . 
  these far shores are what we live for , for we hate life . 
  ruptga showed us the path long ago , before the cycles , even before the conception of sep. 
  but we could not reach it , for we were weak . 
  in our weakness we listened to second serpent and went to exist on the skin-ball , for it was easier than what we were used to . 
  by listening to sep , we brought down the hate of ruptga on us , though , and he has made it harder for us to find the far shores for which we long . 
  we were cursed with the harshest of the skin-ball , seeing naught but sand and rugged rock . 
  we knew that this was our curse , further strengthened by the mocking of tall papa and tu ` whacca , he who places us back on our journey , even when we die . 
  but we do not hate him for this . 
  it is a necessity that we are punished for our foolishness , and we hope to use our suffering to find the far shores . 
  in our history , we have always tried to find the far shores ruptga showed us . 
  in our naivety , we thought we had reached the far shores once , only to find out that we had not left sep 's skin-ball . 
  on this other part of the skin-ball we have met people we did not only fight , and we find them strange . 
  some do not hate sep 's trickery . 
  they even refer him , and love him . 
  they worship those that also followed second serpent , but did not die . 
  in their ignorance , they even think our gods are theirs , just under a different name . 
  they look like us , yet they are different , for their skins are shaped by cold and night , and not by warmth and sun . 
  we find this fitting . 
  others hate the skin-ball as much as we do , but they do not look for the path of ruptga . 
  instead , their ignorant minds try to recreate the big stick . 
  they do not know that this will only hold the loose skins of the skin-ball together . 
  we despise them for this . 
  they are like our past enemies , but they are different . 
  we can not say in what way , for this knowledge has been lost . 
  yet others do not concern themselves with the skin-ball , following other creatures . 
  we have not seen them much , for they live far away . 
  they appear stranger than the others , and we do not think tu ` whacca holds influence over them . 
  they are unlike anything we have seen before . 
  we have found a home here on this part of the skin-ball , but we are no further to the far shores that we want to find . 
  some say that we can climb ruptga 's big stick , but it was left here by tall papa as an example . 
  others say we need to destroy the false sticks , but we will not be able to find the path when the skins come loose . 
  the closest we have seen were from those that settled our land before us . 
  some say they are like the world haters still alive , but we do not know this . 
  they also looked up to the stars , to what tall papa put in the sky for us , so that we might find the far shores . 
  they found patterns and meaning in them , but they did not find what we wanted to find , for they sought their escape not in the path provided by ruptga , but in the remains of second serpent . 
  all these generations have not brought us closer to that which we looked for . 
  we still remain , though . 
  and we still search for that which was shown to us , what we foolishly looked for in the skin-ball , made by the treacherous sep. 
  a ` holiday ' often overlooked , is the hamerfellian ` day of shame ' . 
  this tradition , remembered on the 20th of rain 's hand , strongest on the coastal cities of the redguard province , finds its origin in the 564th year of the second era , during the days of the knahaten flu . 
  history, 
  while this holiday is celebrated in hammerfell , the story that is remembered starts in black marsh . 
  in 2e 560 , the first cases of the knahaten flu were reported . 
  this disease , that affected all sentient life in black marsh , with the exception of the hist and the argonians ( which gave rise to the theory that the flu was designed by the hist themselves ) , was the cause of major extinction across the province , exterminating at least the local race of man , the kothringi , and most likely the vulpine race of the limothiit . 
  the story of the day of shame is centred around the kothringi , or , to be more precise , one ship filled with ( most likely ) the last living kothringi , trying to escape the flu , dubbed the ` crimson ship ' . 
  the crimson ship left the coasts of black marsh in 2e 563 , and the sailors and refugees desperately tried to find a safe haven , but to no avail . 
  at every port , the last of the kothringi were refused entry , out of fear for the flu ( which was still raging on , both in black marsh , and on the ship ) . 
  after more than a year on the open seas around tamriel , the crimson ship neared hammerfell , still hoping to find refuge . 
  however , even the hardy redguards were deeply afraid of the lethal disease , and they , just like the rest of tamriel , turned their backs on the kothringi . 
  the kothringi , without anywhere or anyone to turn to , decided to sail west , in hopes of safety and help , never to be heard of again . 
  the redguards , knowing what they had done , locked their doors , and shut their windows . 
  tradition, 
  the day of shame is one of the more grim days of the year for hammerfell . 
  while there are no religious services , or large scale ceremonies or festivities , any traveller to hammerfell will recognise this day , as all locals will keep their doors shut and spend the day at home . 
  this is not only out of shame , but also because of fear . 
  local legend has it that , if any redguard would dare push his or her shame aside and walk around freely through the city , the crimson ship will return , asking for shelter again , bringing the knahaten flu with them again . 
  as we all know the old theory , still supported by the igs , about the origin of the many races of men is severely flawed . 
  while nowadays we are aware of the ancestry of mankind , going back to the ehlnofey , the old theory of nedic heritage had been prevalent for a very long time . 
  without explaining why the old theory is wrong , which has been discussed aptly , i will shed some light on how this theory most likely came to be , and why the igs decided to stick with it . 
  firstly , we will look at the group overlooked in the old theory , namely the redguards . 
  while closer to the other mankinds than to the elves , it is understandable for the untrained to judge them as a different group all together . 
  while the amateur or inexperienced scholar might judge this strictly on the skin colour ( redish-brown , as opposed to the pale skin of imperials , bretons , and nords ) , the differences run deeper , mostly in culture . 
  the biggest difference is religious in nature . 
  while the nords and imperials see lorkhan ( or shor and shezzar , depending on tradition ) as a hero of mankind ( the breton hatred is attributed to the elves , who ruled over them for a long time ) , the redguards see sep as a mostly negative force , who tricked some spirits to live on his skin-ball , becoming mortal and further away from the far shores . 
  another important reason why redguards are left out , is because of their relatively late and violent introduction with tamriel . 
  while the last atmorans arrived in the first century of the first era , only knowing their ancient continent from folktales , and the imperials and bretons know next to nothing from an age before the arrival of atmorans , the redguards arrived in the eighth century of the first era , coming from a continent with a long tradition of history keeping , most notably via memory stones . 
  it is understandable for the nedes and atmorans to see each other as kin when there cultures did not cross paths until way after the nordic arrival , but the redguard arrival was a lot less peaceful . 
  after landing on hammerfell , hostilities with the local orcs arose immediately , drawing the attention of the nedes close by . 
  as discussed earlier , this , tied with their strange appearance and believes , caused the local nedes and nords to ( ignorantly , might i add ) judge the redguards as of a different ancestry . 
  however , the single most important reason is simple propaganda by the empire , in which the imperial geographic society more than willingly played a role . 
  with this theory not being more than folklore up until the establishment of the igs under tiber septim 's rule , the first emperor of the third empire saw his chance to solidify his imperial , breton and nordic support . 
  the redguards had been relatively distant towards tiber 's advance , and outright hostile as soon as he tried to gain control of hammerfell ( on the other hand , the nords dropped their weapons as soon as they heard septim 's thu'um , and the bretons chose the lesser evil ) . 
  with the bretons , nords and imperials ( also the three groups with which tiber septim had the strongest connection , due to his childhood and rise to power ) as his strongest allies , a theory that unites those three under one ancestor ( while taking the elves out of the picture ) was deemed necessary . 
  the redguards were just a complication in this . 
  it is clear now that the old theory of ancestry is a product of primitive and face-value research , done by the untrained or ignorant , judging the redguards as different . 
  along with the easy to make mistake by early anthropologists and biologists , this theory was given further strength by the third empire , as a means of propaganda , and in the end further cemented by the imperial geographical society , known for its dubious articles , with their superior weight in the tamrielic intellectual community . 
  the sword-singers have long spoken to the imagination of the population of tamriel , and it is this sentiment that makes it hard for us to see that sword-singers were once a real facet of yokudan culture . 
  while still revered as excellent swordsmen , they were also a rather common sight in the bigger cities . 
  while the common image of sword-singers is the old hermit , practising his techniques alone , or in his temple , with his shehai , or spirit-sword , only showing his face to combat evil . 
  while a good base for folklore and children stories , this notion is mostly false . 
  while every sword-singer had to undergo the walkabout to be considered an adult member , this was not the focus of their existence . 
  indeed , experience was key for a successful sword-singer , as memorising the different stances , holds , and movements was what gave them their combat prowess . 
  to achieve such solid grasp on their martial art , most sword-singers would employ themselves as mercenaries , or take on more relaxing jobs as bodyguards . 
  this did not only make it possible for the members to make a living , but also to fund the halls of the virtues of war , which were unable to operate purely on gifts . 
  this did not mean that the sword-singers would only come out when the pay was right . 
  under the laws of frandar hunding ( and possibly before , seeing the age of the order ) , correcting wrongs was the essential purpose of the sword-singers . 
  in times of ideological wars ( like during the time of frandar and daved hunding ) they would form a front against those they would deem evil . 
  that is not to say that all sword-singers would appear solely on the battlefield . 
  in yokudan culture artisanry in the martial arts was very important , and it was not uncommon to have swordsmen and - women show their skills in public , in the form of ` kata 's ' and duels . 
  a sword-singer , with their superior skill and endurance , would be a great attraction . 
  these artisans would earn enough with their performances to be able to support a family . 
  with the rarity of sword-singers , a performing one would be a family 's day out . 
  with the destruction of yokuda , the flight to hammerfell , and the imperialisation of hammerfell , the sword-singers became a dying breed . 
  it is most likely that the ` hermit sword-sorcerer ' idea stems . 
  with the focus of tamrielic warfare on numbers instead of skills , the sword-singers were deemed obsolete , and their role in redguard culture was diminished to that of folklore . 
  currently , the sword-singers have all but disappeared from the cities of hammerfell , as well as their historic respect for artisanry . 
  with these changes , the true role of these fabled warriors was covered with the dust and stones of myth and folklore . 
  edit : i was unclear in the initial question . 
  i was wondering what kind of political power or influence the popes had in the western roman empire , after it became christian .
