  from `` father of the niben '', 
   topal the pilot was enchanted with the islands, 
  and the feathered men who lived there . 
  there the niben stayed for a moon , and the bird, 
  men learned how to speak their own words ,, 
  and with taloned feet , to write . 
  in joy for their new knowledge , they made topal, 
  their lord , giving him their islands for the, 
  gift . 
  [ note : the islands discussed here are the island in the niben , so most likely the islands of the heartlands of cyrodiil . ], 
  from `` 2920 '' :, 
   the bird that had been laughing at her earlier flew down to the road . 
  she blinked , and the bird was gone and in its place , a naked elf man stood , not as dark as a dunmer , but not as pale as the altmer . 
  she knew at once it was an ayleid , a wild elf . 
  2920 is historical fiction , but it still is n't completely unbelievable . 
  this bird symbolism ( i call this symbolism due to the fact that the three sources discussed here are all either unreliable or poetic , and do not necessarily deal with real events or traits of the ayleids ) seems to be consistent with the amount of [ bird statues found throughout cyrodiil ] ( http://uesp.net/w/images/a/ad/ob-place-silorn_02.jpg ) . 
  this sums up the second volume of the song of pelinal : on his coming . 
  the third volume deals with battles pelinal fought with the ayleid kings . 
   pelinal whitestrake was the enemy of all elfkind that lived in cyrod in those days . 
  mainly , though , he took it upon himself to slay the sorcerer-kings of the ayleids in pre-arranged open combats rather than at war ; the fields of rebellion he left to the growing armies of the paravania and his bull nephew . 
  pelinal was the champion of the nedes , and not necessarily a general or front-line fighter ( the first volume seems to indicate that he was n't on the same line as the military leaders of the rebellion ) . 
  these lines also set the tone of the rest of the volume , dealing with how pelinal killed various ayleid kings . 
   pelinal called out haromir of copper and tea into a duel at the tor , and ate his neck-veins while screaming praise to reman , a name that no one knew yet . 
  most of the ayleid kings held nicknames , such as `` of copper and tea '' here . 
  tea is known on tamriel , as neloth seems to be a fan in the dragonborn dlc of skyrim , but it is unknown if this was already known in the first era . 
  after his death , pelinal seems to go insane ( although his `` first madness '' is mentioned later in the volume ) , and he mentions reman at sancre tor , the place where reman cyrodiil is said to be born . 
  this line gives some problems . 
  while the song deals with events in the early first era , it was only written down in the second era , after the time of reman cyrodiil . 
  it is possible the composition of the text is older than that , but corrupted verses are n't uncommon in older texts . 
  this line may reflect later imperial propaganda concerning reman 's divinity . 
  on the other hand , pelinal was from the future , and ( semi - ) divine . 
  he could have been aware of the future birth of reman , giving some credence to the story . 
   gordhaur the shaper 's head was smashed upon the goat-faced altar of ninendava , and in his wisdom pelinal said a small plague spell to keep that evil from reforming by welkynd-magic . 
  to my knowledge , there is no goat-shaped altar at ninendava during the events of oblivion , but it is possible that the ruin was raided by nedes after pelinal dealt with gordhaur . 
  the mention of welkynd-magic raises an interesting point . 
  the text seems to hint at its use for regeneration or even revival . 
  welkynd-magic was very important to the ayleids , not only in a religious sense ( considering the obsession with light and the sky ) , but the great welkynd stones also seemed to form the nexus of ayleid cities . 
  the exact workings of welkynd-magic is lost , and the accuracy of this text is unclear . 
   later that season , pelinal slew hadhuul on the granite steps of ceya-tar , the fire king 's spears knowing their first refute . 
  hadhuul is described in the `` adabal-a '' as one of the cruellest of the ayleid kings . 
  from the adabal-a :, 
   [ ... ] or , worse , the realms of the fire king hadhuul , where the begetting of drugs drawn from the admixture of daedrons into living hosts let one inhale new visions of torment , and children were set aflame for nighttime tiger sport . 
  here , pelinal kills one of the most hated enemies of the nedes , and the weapons of the fire king were unable to harm him , which is explained in the next lines . 
   for a time , no weapon of the ayleids could pierce his armor , which pelinal admitted was unlike any crafted by men , but would say no more even when pressed . 
  the knights of the nine expansion states that pelinal 's armour was a gift by the gods . 
  also , the song mentions that it comes from the future . 
  of course , the ayleids ( mostly umaril ) managed to eventually kill pelinal , but this was only later during the rebellion . 
   when huna , whom pelinal raised from grain-slave to hoplite and loved well , took death from an arrowhead made from the beak of celethelel the singer , the whitestrake went on his first madness . 
  he wrought destruction from narlemae all the way to celediil , and erased those lands from the maps of elves and men , and all things in them , and perrif was forced to make sacrifice to the gods to keep them from leaving the earth in their disgust . 
  this line portrays pelinal in a more human form ( caring deeply for those next to him , and training the rebels ) , but also in a more demonic and dangerous way . 
  both narlemae and celdiil are lost , but it seems to be a rather large area pelinal destroyed . 
  this also seems to be something the gods did n't really plan for pelinal , and alessia did all she could to not have them forsake her and the nedes . 
  again , the text references bird-like traits and symbolism concerning the ayleids , as discussed in the previous volume . 
   and then came the storming of white-gold , where the ayleids had made pact with the aurorans of meridia , and summoned them , and appointed the terrible and golden-hued `` half-elf '' umaril the unfeathered as their champion ... and , for the first time since his coming , it was pelinal who was called out to battle by another , for umaril had the blood of the ` ada and would never know death . 
  one of the last acts of the rebellion was the seize of the future imperial city ( the genocide of the ayleids only happened under the alessian order centuries later , and some ayleid city-states survived next to the alessian empire ) . 
  this is the first mentioning of umaril , and his epithets `` half-elf '' and `` unfeathered '' hint to the fact that he was n't ( entirely ) ayleid . 
  according to other sources ( most notably dialogue in knights of the nine ) state that he was a half-god , created from a pact with meridia . 
  this pact might seem strange , seeing that meridia is a daedric prince , and most other sources seem to hint at a universal hatred towards them from the ayleids . 
  meridia used to be a magna-ge , though , and her sphere includes light and live , two things the ayleids seem to have worshipped in some way . 
  umaril was deemed the only one capable of killing pelinal , and this proved right ( more on this in later volumes ) . 
  also , umaril indeed did not know death , as he returned in the final days of the third era . 
  this ends the analysis of the third volume : on his enemies . 
  the fourth volume continues telling of pelinal 's war exploits , and also hints to his later demise . 
   pelinal drove the sorcerer armies past the niben , claiming all the eastern lands for the rebellion of the paravania , and kyne had to send her rain to wash the blood from the villages and forts that no longer flew ayleid banners , for the armies of men needed to make camps of them as they went forward . 
  as is probably clear by now , the use of magic is linked to kingship in ayleid culture . 
  all their kings are described as powerful mages . 
  this is probably also to create a sense of difference with the nedes , who valued magic less , and even into later imperial culture , magic was often not associated with the kingship . 
  the rebellion is gaining traction , and many ayleid city-states are being crushed by the advancing armies . 
  even kyne aids the rebellion , by conveniently cleaning the ruins in order for the nedes to make camp . 
   ... and he broke the doors open for the prisoners of the vahtache with the slave-queen flying on morihaus above them , and men called her al-esh for the first time . 
  many of the nedes were not yet liberated at this time , and it is likely the rebellion only grew after each captured city . 
  this is also the first time the name al-esh appears , from which alessia is probably derived . 
  the name alessia appears in the first volume , as `` perrif , anon alessia '' . 
  it is very likely that this is a title indicating something divine or glorious , but i could n't find the exact meaning of the elements . 
  `` el '' appears relatively often in ayleidoon , indicating something holy or great , but it does not need to be related to `` al - `` . 
  whatever esh means is anyone 's guess . 
  it is clear that morihaus and perrif liked each other a lot , and were even lovers . 
  morihaus also functioned as alessia 's steed multiple times ( in more than one way ) . 
   he entered the gate at ... to win back the hands of the thousand-strong of sedor ( a tribe now unknown but famous in those days ) , which the ayleids had stolen in the night , two thousand hands that he brought back in a wagon made of demon-bone , whose wheels trailed the sound of women when ill at heart ... 
  text lost ... 
  apparently this is more of a symbolic victory . 
  from what i gather , the ayleids imprisoned a large part of the nedic armies , and cut of their hands . 
  pelinal returned them as a form of symbolic victory . 
  the return of the hands is pretty grim . 
  pelinal returned with a terrifying wagon ( possibly daedra made , judging by `` demon-bone '' ) , with a following of weeping wifes and mothers . 
  this shows the relation pelinal had with the nedes . 
  he was their champion , and almost single handedly brought them victory , but they were also scared of him , mostly due to his unpredictable and extremely violent character . 
   and after the first pogrom , which consolidated the northern holdings for the men-of - ` kreath , he stood with white hair gone brown with elfblood at the bridge of heldon , where perrif 's falconers had sent for the nords , and they , looking at him , said that shor had returned , but he spat at their feet for profaning that name . 
  the men-of - ` kreath are listed in the `` adabal-a '' as one of the human tribes living in ayleid-held territories . 
  from the adabal-a :, 
   ayleids herded in men from across all the niben : kothri , nede , al-gemha , ** men-of - ` kreath ( though these were later known to be imported from the north ) ** , keptu , men-of-ge ( who were eventually destroyed when the flower king nilichi made great sacrifice to an insect god named [ lost ] ) , al-hared , men-of-ket , others ;, 
  ( bold for emphasis ), 
  ` kreath is probably falkreath , which was historically part of colovia . 
  the adabal-a says they were `` imported from the north '' , so it is possible these men were n't nede but nord/atmoran . 
  the location of heldon is lost , but it is likely to be somewhere in northern cyrodiil or southern skyrim . 
  alessia called for support from the nords , which she receives . 
  historically , all the cyrodiilic empires lasted as long as their nordic support . 
  pelinal is also named a shezzarine here . 
  as usual , the text does n't state hard facts on the subject , and leaves the truth somewhere in the middle . 
  in this case , the nords are convinced they are looking at shor , while pelinal seems to disagree .
