  there probably are some septims left , but the question is if they can be confirmed septim . 
  hmm , i have n't played dragonborn , but i recalled reading that the skaal did have some influence on the island . 
  to explain their goals , first a quick 101 in altmer philosophy . 
  the altmer ( and most elves , except for the dunmer ) believe they are descendents of the gods ( which is sort of true ) , which thry called aedra , our ancestor . 
  they lost their divinity when lorkhan tricked them into creating mundus . 
  lorkhan betrayed them , and caused many spirits to die and to become mortal . 
  the spirits were now on mundus , which was ever shifting and unlinear ( time did not exist ) . 
  the spirits went to war with each other , some claiming that lorlhan was a traitor and that this state of ever changing is wrong , and others saying that lorkhan was a hero , and that this state is a blessing . 
  the elves are descendants of the first group . 
  the thalmor hate men for their love of change and lorkhan , which will mean that the world continues . 
  the thalmor want mundus to collapse , so that they can return to their static state from before mundus . 
  now , the list of their plans ( for as far known ) :, 
  * destroy the towers which anchor mundus . 
  * destroy men as a possibility ( possibility and reality are more alike in tes ), 
  * destroy talos , who is reinforcing nirn , who is helping men , and who is lorkhan 2.0, 
  the ban on talos worship is a way to destroy him via mythopoeia ( the process of belief makes reality ) . 
  if people forget him , he will disappear , and men miss their patron god . 
  the smaller cities surrounding the alik ' r are popular destinations . 
  sometimes , they will travel further and even reach places like sentinel . 
  the political centre of the sub-province is the city of alik ` ra , but that is nothing more than a big tent camp . 
  i 'm wondering . 
  i have n't played eso or followed anything about it , really , so i do n't know how the province is portrayed . 
  most information i have comes from daggerfall , which features only the illiac bay region , and the south and east borders of the map are simply the desert . 
  it does seem to be a defining trait of the province , though , and it would be a lot larger than the ashlands or the frozen gletsjers of skyrim , i 'd wager . 
  i really like this theory . 
  even though it is about one part wanting racial supremacy and the other wanting annihilation , it does make the thalmor more ` human ' ( hehe ) . 
  they are also a faction made up of individuals , who each have a different attitude and opinion , and with a couple of extremists in them . 
  i 'm adding the super-mundane as shadow faction in my head-canon , anyway . 
  i figure sotha sil and vivec might still be named after the gods , though , as vivec did n't have a secodary name , and it is best known as vivec 's city ( as opposed to the court city mournhold , and the unknown clockwork city ) , as you pointed out . 
  sotha sil is harder . 
  i doubt many people know it from myth , and even fewer would believe it to be real . 
  furthermore , seht did survive through his city , which might make the divine name stick . 
  clockwork city is pretty descriptive , so that might make it more popular , though . 
  probably a k\u00f6ppen et climate , fitting with the mountain ranges of the wrothgarian mountains and the border regions of skyrim where some of the strongholds are . 
  of course `` as above , so below '' , but people actively worshipping vivec have always been a small minority on tamriel as a whole . 
  the imperials or altmer , unfamiliar with the temple doctrine , will know it as the place commonly associated with/built and ruled by vivec . 
  not that i know . 
  they did survive the red year , though , but that might be on the continent . 
  hmm interesting , i will look into that . 
  id be interested in post-alessian ayleid shenanigans . 
  i have something planned for tribes of tamriel , so it would be nice to include some of the world-controlling stuff . 
  tiber septim took the throne after he helped his former superior cuhlecain on it ( who later died under suspicious circumstances ) . 
  tiber was able to wear the aok , but the fact that he at that point was already semi-divine ( chim ) could have shook things up . 
  nothing , it is a word . 
  it is ehlnofex , and means something like royalty . 
  ehlnofex is always written in all-caps . 
  chim is a state of understanding the world completely , and ruling over it . 
  currently only vivec and tiber achieved it . 
  sort of . 
  existence continues on masser , and nirn is still present as a mathematic ball of gears , thanks to seht . 
   what music are y' all listening lately ? 
  i 've taken a break from the usual de staat and old grunge bands , and am now switching between the combination of rammstein and alan stivell . 
  edit : some names and songs . 
  [ de staat - back to the grind ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nixhmhb3ig0 ), 
  [ rammstein - rosenrot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar3rk0ry8oc ), 
  [ alan stivell - telenn gwad/foggy dew ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zlov6visvdo ), 
  rosenrot, 
  ** starts sweating nerviously **, 
  well , to be fair , the dynasty of william the conqueror in england was simply called the norman dynasty . 
  the name might have been used retro-actively , with later historians calling it that for a lack of an earlier name . 
  cyrodiil is a title , so much is sure . 
  the name cyrod had been in use for longer , and is possibly ayleid in origin . 
  - iil is a suffix that does appear in the name of an ayleid ruin ( celediil , iirc ) . 
  it is possible that the cyrod back then did n't yet use last names like they would do during the games . 
   also , traditionally with royalty , you do n't say what their last name is ( elizabeth ii , george v , nicholas ii , etc. ), 
  so `` reman reman '' would pretty much never come up anyway . 
  sort of true and not . 
  modern european royalty do have a last name ( in those cases windsor , windsor , romanov ) , but earlier royalty was simply known by nickname ( like william the conqueror , or charlemagne ( carolus magnus , charles the great ) ) , or a number , their dynasty named in a myriad of ways , like the plantagenets ( named after the nickname of geoffrey plantagenet , count of anjou ) , the norman dynasty , or the carolingians ( after charlemagne ) . 
  most modern royalty do still have originally descriptive names , mentioning land which was once theirs . 
  the names stuck , even though most of them do n't have any claim on those places . 
  maybe in england , but i do know that the dutch king is named , at least in dutch media , `` koning willem-alexander van oranje ( - nassau ) '' . 
  it might differ from state to state how the monarch is named . 
  i know that the english monarchy is very traditional , while the dutch is ` humbler ' ( for how much nobility can be humble ) . 
  anyway , the last name does exist , while that was n't the case in earlier nobility , such as the norman kings of england , or the carolingians . 
  that 's only on the surfice , though . 
  hlaalu still mostly controls the morag tong , and their members have all sorts of positions throughout morrowind . 
  hlaalu appears more tolerant , and you do see more mixed residence in their area , but at the end of the day , they are opportunitists , and if they get a profit out of traditional attitudes or temple worship , they 'll do that instead . 
  the pc is in a special posotion , as they are the nerevarine . 
  even then , some of the clans are less accepting , and one is pretty hostile . 
  when your not , you 'll probably be in for a tough time . 
  most ashlanders do n't really bother past the ancestor worship , and only the wise woman would concern herself with veloth and his teachings . 
  even if your character would follow that , they will be hostile , as you 're not dunmer or member of the tribe . 
  gongrats to laurelanthalasa !, 
  i 've taken a short hyatus from normal stuff to entertain some irish friends that flew over , which mostly comes down to ending in the pub and/or coffeeshop . 
  anyway , not that much time this week . 
  next week wo n't get better , as i have an introduction week to my new university city . 
  this will take up half of the week , after which i got a whole lot of different shit to take care of , including work . 
  also , i 'll be buying a new laptop for college , and i thought that now that i 'm at it , i could probably buy a pretty good one and play games on it . 
  so , does anyone know a good laptop which i can use to push skyrim to its limits ? 
  the problem is that i probably wo n't get a desktop . 
  since i live in a different city from where i study ( and dutch universities only offer living space to foreign students ) , i simply need a laptop . 
  also , my current desktop has some pretty old or banged up hardware , so i might as well get a good laptop and use that . 
  i tried to , but the manager had n't yet signed me up for the `` fruit and vegetable magic lv . 
  3 '' course , no matter how much i asked for it . 
  that concept ties into the superhero sub-story . 
  what is portrayed in the superhero story is pretty absurd , and seems to go against what most take for granted in tes , looking more like the love child of marvel and orwell than anything else . 
  mk made an absurd story , which normally would be disregarded as bad fan-fic , and made it into a valid explenation . 
  this is bassicaly the c0da concept : the death of canon . 
  you see , bethesda has always been pretty vague on what really happened in the tamrielic past , offering only accounts from certain points of view , often riddled with allegory and propaganda . 
  the first lorecast discussed this pretty well ( linking is a bitch on phone , so look up the memospore chanel on youtube .
