  i 'm not sure if they would in another dream , where the laws of the world could be very different . 
  azura is more concerned with the people , yes , but boethiah was the one that led them to resdayn , and mephala taught them the arts of murder and secrecy , which are incredibly important in dunmeri culture ( although ashlanders might have more trouble with backstabbing due to their small societies ) . 
  if you stick around long enough , you 'll become 75 % sure , like me :p, 
  of course . 
  but even hammerfell would n't be able to launch an attack on alinor , or anywhere outside of hammerfell , for that matter . 
  the akaviri potentates were already long gone when cuhlecain and tiber marched onto he imperial city . 
  when the last potentate was murdered by the morag tong , cyrodiil fell into another dark age , which saw nibenay and colovia split again . 
  there were multiple warlords proclaiming themselves as emperor , but before emperor zero , no one was able to unite cyrodiil , and further expend the empire . 
  the closest i can point to is the philosophy of vivec , as described in the 36 lessons . 
  it is an important part of the temple doctrine . 
  it is strongly influenced by at least buddhism and thelema . 
  i 'm not the most schooled in both the lessons and those real world philosophies , so you might want to stick around for a better explenation ( mdnthrvst and rottendeadite know a lot about this ) . 
  vivec only came in a place of power when indoril nerevar fell in love with him and made him his advisor . 
  untill then , he was nothing more than a prostitute . 
  ( or at least , vehk the mortal was ) . 
  still , he is n't outright stating homosexuality is wrong , just prohibiting sexual acts that homosexual couples have access to . 
  if there were to be a second great war , it would be a short one . 
  when fighting a war , unity is always key . 
  the remains of the empire can hardly be called a unity , with cyrodiil being stretched way to thin , and their legion unable to even defeat a local unrest , and the thalmor being deep into the institutions of the empire . 
  on the other side , we have a political dominion that acts as a unity . 
  there are no signs that the kingdoms of elsweyr and valenwood want to split of . 
  would the provinces of men unite against a common foe ? 
  perhaps , but normally a simple allegiance is n't enough to fight of a union as the ad . 
   and holly 's series, 
  * giggles like a 15-year old girl *, 
  no , but seriously , it would be a good summary of the races . 
  the first ones should be taken cautiously , though . 
  i was a bit too green back then . 
  gongratulations to mareloryan !, 
  this week been a good week !, 
  i was free from school half the week , which was a blessing ( and hence me finishing that imperial hegemony thing ) . 
  i finnaly managed to get a couple of extra hours in mass effect , which i had n't played for at least two months . 
  and today was the fucking icing on the cake !, 
  my boss told me he was willing to replace me when i 'm moving later this year , which means i have a job when i start university next year , and a good friend of mine gave his eighteenth birthday , which is always fun , especially since this is the first times in months that alcohol did n't lead to me crying or fighting . 
  still , never thought i would have discussions about my life plans or art at an eighteenth birthday ... 
  hmm , i think myrr 's music posts would be fit for the list ( although there is n't much discussion about that ) . 
  what is love ? 
  is a good post as well , especially since a lot of discussions are about chim , and what it is . 
  your coc is supposed to become sheo . 
  it is generally assumed that the hero not only completed the main quest , but also those of the expansions ( so almalexia was killed by the nerevarine , coc became sheo , ldb defeated miraak , etc. ), 
  / u/hollymarkie/submitted, 
  children ... 
  wow , you doing otsot now ? 
  good luck with that , mate . 
  see ya next month . 
  i can see why you got confused . 
  however , the anuad is n't about how anu and padomay got into their struggle that shaped the aurbis ; it is about how anu became the amaranth of his dream . 
  an amaranth dreams his own dream , creating a new world . 
  now , anu is n't the godhead . 
  the godhead is the dreamer of the first dream . 
  anu is a dreamer within the godhead 's dream ( or a couple dreams down the line , who knows ) . 
  the anu and padomay in the annuad are n't the exact same as the ones in the dream of anu ( the tes universe ) . 
  from what happened after anu went asleep in his world , we know very little ( or actually only that which is stated in the annuad ) . 
  now i 'm wondering a couple of things . 
  we know that leyawiin is a strongly seggregated city , where the khajiit and argonians are forced into the slums , and genneraly do n't get into much contact with the nibenese and general cyrod upper-class . 
  so how would these ideas flow into each other ? 
  also , how do argonians fit into this , since they do n't worship aedra or daedra ? 
  to which deities do shone-ai and shode-ai correspond ? 
  is n't it ironic that the dwemer would have their own god ? 
  now , i do n't want to come of as an asshole that 's overly critical , but i do feel that there are a couple of holes in this . 
  according to c0da , cyrodiil ( or bassicaly any form of land on nirn ) is destroyed around the fifth era . 
  the latest sources are about voidmining in the ninth , but do n't actually mention nirn or mundus ( apart from when kinmune was knocked back in time ) . 
  are the fokirio sourced anywhere ? 
  or is this your conjecture ? 
  also , how would those ideas reach leyawiin ? 
  and why would they want anything to do with akavir ? 
  a children 's anuad ( iirc ) is the title of the book from ehich your story comes . 
  you are pretty correct in retelling it , but i had the feeling you were confusing the two anu 's , as it is never stated in the anuad that it takes place in another world . 
  i would n't use the term actual . 
  the original anu was also a figment of a dream . 
  to my knowledge , that book is the only source on that anu . 
  he does go to sleep in the world of the anuad . 
  after nir dies with the dead twelve worlds , padomay is killed , and anu is mortally wounded , anu flies away to fall asleep in the sun , and dream the dream of the aurbis . 
  alright then , that still leaves problems . 
  as discussed above , 15000 years in the future is incredible vague . 
  it does give you an excuse for it , but it is kind of lazy writing . 
  you are free to write your own conjecture , of course , but it would be great if you fleshed this out more . 
  this obviously is in a context of a future tamriel , but that does not show . 
  to make something like this believable , you 'll need justification . 
  why did the social stratification in leyawiin stop ? 
  what kind of social , political , and economical developments happened in those 15000 years ( revolutions ? 
  philosophers ? ), 
  and how was the empire able to recapture tamriel ? 
  i know i sound harsh , but a futuristic world does hild potential for creative writing . 
  but if you want to do that within the elder scrolls universe , you 'll want to have it anchored in a coherent time-line . 
  yup that 's the book !, 
  could have sworn it was called children 's ... 
  there are two anu 's : amaranth-anu , who saw nir die , and went to dream the world of the elder scrolls , and anu-as-stasis , who is the embodyment of stasis in the elder scrolls world . 
  both the anu 's only exist within a dream . 
  one is not more real than the other , hence you should n't use `` actual '' . 
  the godhead is above anu ( how far is unknown ) . 
  and , yeah , you should be cautious with the anuad . 
  no source in tes is absolutely reliable , especially when they are the only one to deal with a subject . 
  my first point is that giants do not seem to express the intelligence or desire to rule , let alone organise an entire empire . 
  besides , a top-down policy on a social and cultural norm ( as racism ) is n't going to work . 
  secondly , if you can explain 5 era 's of history and development in one comment ( or comment chain , for that matter ) it 's obviously not fleshed out enough . 
  when we look at all the sources regarding the third empire , we are talking about hundreds of books , scraps of dialogue , events , etc. 
  and that is only about 400-500 years , let alone 15000 . 
  the godhead is the original dreamer . 
  there is nothing known about him , besides that his mind is the one containing the dream .
