  where is your god now ? 
  imperials are a race let other races assimilate with them surprisingly well . 
  their knowledge of magicka is n't developed by them , but they borrowed it from the other races , mostly the elven ones . 
  this is the best explanation i can come up with . 
  it is most likely a gameplay reason : they did not have boosts to magic skills up until skyrim , and i guess that is mostly because of the new skill system , which combined many skills from morrowind and oblivion into one . 
  to rebalance the races , imperials got a few extra boosts . 
  that picture is both incredible awesome , and incredible bad , at the same time, 
  what do you mean with ` all we know about the ayleids ' points toward daedra worship ? 
  their statues seem to point to a very pro-aedra philosophy . 
  chim-el adabal is the amulet of kings . 
  while the name is not ehlnofex , its meaning can be derived from our knowledge of ehlnofex . 
  chim is the secret syllable of royalty , and is often translated as such . 
  ada means spirit , while bal is stone . 
  while i do n't know what el is , it would translate roughly to ` royal spirit stone ' . 
  i ca n't give you the full explenation for numinit , but it seems linked to zero-summing . 
  an important thing here , is that gods are dominant in their own sphere . 
  the aedra are superior on mundus to daedra , due to their role in creation . 
  dagon was pushed back by akatosh due to dagon being strained over the earthbones , forcing him to adhere to the rules of mundus . 
  the same applied to akatosh , but he is always stretched over the earthbones , so the differences are non to neglicable for him . 
  some of them remained on tamriel though . 
  the nedes developped independently from the atmorans and yokudans . 
  the era 's were proclaimed by the dominant forces at the time . 
  while the difference between the dawn and merethic era were huge , the other era changes were not . 
  the merethic-first switch was with the establishing of the camoran dynasty , but i do n't know how powerful they were at the time . 
  the other era changes were due to power shifts in the cyrodiilic empires , which had been the hegemonial state ( or incredibly powerful ) at the time . 
  normally mantling is the merging of a person into the sphere , and taking it over , becoming the god ( or thing ) in question . 
  b is retained ( if b is still present , and not just an empty sphere , like with talos-lorkhan and coc-sheogorath ) . 
  the coc/sheogorath seemed to have retained their memories of the events of oblivion , yet still behaving like the sheogorath from si, 
  the plane ( t ) s are the aedra . 
  they are their realms and their bodies . 
  so listing them with aedric names is n't that weird . 
  the annuad is definitly literal fact , and so are the words of the clan mother . 
  you are disregarding mythopoeia and the effects of irregular time . 
  even though the former is only really apparant with aedra ( due to being severely weakened ) , it applies to all forces in the aurbis . 
  also , because of non-linear time , multiple outcomes are possible , and happened . 
  great week all , and gongrats to laurelanthalasa !, 
  i 'm finnaly done with my paper for school , so i have time again . 
  i will probably pick up on some loose ideas i had recently . 
  also , i just got my cpe results back , and i passed !, 
  i 'm officially a ( nearly ) native speaker now . 
  so , what has everyone been up to in the past week ? 
  here : i still have some loose ideas about how cyrodiil became the centre of tamriel and such . 
  irl : i have to start reading a shitload . 
  i found out i actually had to finish all the books for my oral exam , but i l 'm not even half-way . 
  you here the whole week ? 
  no but seriously , i will write this ( one time or the other ) . 
  my writing was borderline :( but listening and speaking were exceptional !, 
  not everything of the mantler is lost though . 
  the coc seemed to remember the events of oblivion , even after mantling sheo . 
  whoops , you said so in the initial comment . 
  it 's too early in the day for me, 
  they are loose et ` ada , just like any other spirit and being ( including mortals ) . 
  they did not partake in creation , but they are not strong enough to create their own realm . 
  even though dragons are semi-divine beings , alduin was out of the loop for thousands of years . 
  it is possible the language changed slightly in that time , and alduin is speaking an older dialect . 
  gongrats to sha , foremost !, 
  uhhh , i still do n't have time for writing or just spending time on the sub in general . 
  i was supposed to have had finished my booklist for final exams about three weeks ago , but i 'm still just half-way ( meaning i 'm now , in a fit of blind panic , reading five books a week ) . 
  also , my final test period is rapidly approaching - charging might be a better word . 
  anyway , i 'm bussy , bussy , bussy , and it sucks . 
  o , and i 've finnaly picked up pokemon black and been playing that for all my spare time . 
  also , the nedes never left tamriel . 
  you 're almost right . 
  the nedes and atmorans have a common ancestor in the wanderers , but the atmorans did not descent from the nedes , nor vice versa . 
  keep in mind that the wanderers were ehlnofey as well , jut not the old ehlnofey from after the ehlnofey war . 
   in time , these perpetual wanderers came upon sights fearsome and terrible . 
  entire kingdoms of men beyond their recognition , skin charred like overcooked meat . 
  elves [ even more devious than the northern betrayers ] disgraced their horizons , until they learned the sheltered ways between . 
  great deserts the likes of which were never known in the homeland , peopled by beasts that spoke like men , with the [ savagery ? ], 
  of elves . 
  many a notable and well-sung companion met his end at the spears of the legged snakes of the southern marsh . 
  ( note : ` wanderer ' refers to the atmorans here , but might be an allusion to their ancestor ), 
  this is from the ` song of the return ' . 
  it details the atmorans bewilderment by meeting other men on tamriel ( note : the redguards would not settle tamriel for another 1000 years ) . 
  [ if this does n't work i will look like an idiot ] ( #daedric ), 
  best way i found to read it , is to copy-paste it to notepad, 
  those are the old-ehlnofey . 
  bit of a fonfusing naming scheme , but remember that the old-ehlnofey held on to the old ways . 
  you need a political shift , and it helps if you happen to be the dominant force in the area and/or continent . 
  the only exception would be vivec , who placed his own birth in a previous kalpa , but he 's a god , and that was retroactively . 
  not everyone hates ` the metaphysics of morrowind ' . 
  hell , it is what got a lot of people started with the lore comunnity . 
  it 's a bit how you would look at a childrens book you read as a kid . 
  it might suck a lot now , but it does hold a special place in your heart . 
  although , that is what i understood from most people . 
  i never read it . 
  i ca n't help but think that ` set in a hist ' is a deliberate anagram of ` antithesis ' . 
  ur and ada-mantia ( they were build simultaniasly ) . 
  ada-mantia was important in making time linear , as in : aka imposed his will by crashing into mundus . 
  also , the towers uphold mundus , but not the kalpa . 
  the kalpa ends with alduin eating mundus , having time reset itself . 
  when the towers fail , mundus will disolve into oblivion . 
  no more kalpa 's then . 
  when reading it last night i had the same thought . 
  it is sometimes better to just keep quite and accept it ( except when the igs wrote it ) . 
  woops , you 're right . 
  i meant to say red mountain and ada-mantia ( got confused with dagoth ur . 
  i 'm way too tired ) . 
  andrew made a mistake in the purpose of the towers . 
  they do n't get destroyed in the same way by alduin as by the thalmor , as well .
