  the forsworn are a sort of nationalist movement ( i 've compared them to the ira before ) . 
  the armour and weapons are probably more a stylistic choice , to distinguish them from other groups in the area . 
  if they want to push their ways , they will resort to assassination and coercion earlier than open conflict . 
  as for markath : the surface also seems pretty dwemer , and it is possible that other dwemer ruins also looked like that initially . 
  it is a lot better preserved than most other dwemer places , anyway . 
  the cultural and political influence of the third empire were huge . 
  the title of emperor is still used , mainly because the figurehead of cyrodiil still wants some of that septim light to shine on him . 
  similar things happened after the fall of the roman empire in our world . 
  after it had collapsed in the west , the titles of augustus and caesar ( rendered as kaiser ) were reused in the holy roman empire , and the title of pontifex maximus is still used by the popes in rome . 
  when a world power of that size falls , it 's going to leave a mark . 
  and there will be enough people that want to associate themselves with such a force , even if it 's gone . 
  the blades absolutely did n't serve on the front line . 
  the ones you see in oblivion , woth shiny armour and all , were just the emperor 's bodyguards . 
  the rest of the organisation seemed to function much like a spyring . 
  in morrowind and daggerfall , the blades were indistinguishable from the rest of the people . 
  the blades are sort of a personal army for the septim 's , albeit very small . 
  they answer to the emperor , and only them . 
  they are his eyes , ears , and hands in the other provinces , especially when the legion or a big institution ca n't help . 
   what games have you guys been playing lately ? 
  i 've picked up a couple of things during the winter sales . 
  firstly , the jedi knight collection . 
  i used to play the absolute shit out of those years ago , and finally got around to getting them in a bit safer way than on disk ( which keep breaking ) . 
  academy is just as good as i remembered . 
  i picked up ffxiii as well . 
  i like the paradigm and crystarium system ( do n't know if those are really new though , i only played ffi besides this one ) . 
  the plot i 'm a bit less enthusiastic of . 
  the games takes itself way too serious , and after an hour or so , i kind of want enough knowledge to have a hint of where the characters are coming from , let alone after 7-8 hours . 
  also got dishonored , but i have n't touched that one yet . 
  this is gon na fuck with my study schedule , though ... 
  it was , but there was more to it . 
  jauffre and baurus both operated undercover for a while , and jauffre was pretty much forced back to cloud ruler temple . 
  it is possible that other members were also called back when they heard about uriel 's death . 
  the blades more than likely hold a strong public presence in cyrodiil to show that the emperor does have that hidden arm . 
  the blades were present throughout tamriel . 
  the nerevarine worked extensively with them in morrowind ( and is persecuted by the temple for it , among other things ) , and the agents in summerset were all beheaded at the start of the great war . 
  in the provinces , the highest ranked agent organises it all , but most of the blades function independantly from each other . 
  since there are n't that many blades , they often rely on local informants ( cassius cosades had good contacts in the thieves guild of morrowind , for instance ) . 
  i ca n't really help with the temples . 
  the ones in cyrodiil and skyrim were build when they were still the akaviri dragonguard . 
  the blades in morrowind did n't operate from a temple , though . 
  just from a small house in balmora . 
  the exact selection process is unknow , to my knowledge . 
  the coc is asked to join because of his services to the late emperor , but seeing that their are quite a few blades , they probably got picked differently . 
  they could be picked from the legion or of the streets , but it 's anyone 's guess . 
  i do n't really understand what you mean with the dragonborn 's choices qualifying for something . 
  could you clarify ? 
  that would also be a huge slap in the face of the imperial provinces . 
  the thalmlor need this semi-stability as it is now . 
  they appear as equals to the empire , barred from war with a peace-treaty of sorts , while the empire is slowely tearing itself apart . 
  they do n't have to say anything . 
  they just wait for a vacuum to appear . 
  the blads were officialy disbanded and baned after the white-gold concordat , so that is why they are so small , and why they accept everyone around ; they are scraping the bottom of the barrel . 
  it also makes their chances of returning to old glory very slim, 
  i ca n't really explain why they show their swords off so much . 
  maybe people quickly forgot that those were a thing , or maybe they did n't really see them that much in skyrim anyway . 
  on the other hand , the surprise of the whiterun guards about the scimitars of those alik ' r warriors makes me think a story of the blades katanas would have floated around enough . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  it was centuries ago , and people often tend to forget stuff . 
  maybe not the akavir entirely , but just their katanas ( or what a katana looked like ) . 
  the blades did use them up until the great war , which is a much more recent memory . 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  i turned it off the moment i got this phone ( it is a real tempramental bitch ) . 
  i agree with your points , except for `` sex is sex . '', 
  sex appears in different forms in tes religions . 
  for mephala , it is a tool . 
  for molag bal it is a sign of dominance . 
  for sanguine , insinctive drive . 
  for mara , an expression of love . 
  for dibella it is about reproduction and lust . 
  sex can appear in all kind of different shapes and with different reasons , both beautiful and horrible . 
  the imperial legion had many incarnations , the first probably being the armed forces of the slave rebellion ( those guys led by morihaus and pelinal ) . 
  when that collapsed , it was not untill the late 1st era that they were reunited under reman . 
  that legion actually never fell , although it became nothing more than a roving band of warriors . 
  that was until tiber septim took control over them before the battle of sancre tor ( 2e 852 ) . 
  probably . 
  there are two books in eso mentioning the alessian legion , but those discuss high rock , and it took some time before the alessians made it up there . 
  the imperials say that the nords , bretons , and imperials were descendents of them , but that is igs bullshit ( see soundely 's quotes in this thread ) . 
  all men descent from the wanderers , a group of ehlnofey that fell out with the old ehlnofey , the ancestors of mer . 
  some went to different continents ( amora , yokuda , akavir ) , but the nedes always remained in tamriel . 
  the imperials needed a way to bind the nords to them . 
  all empires needed them to stand . 
  the `` nedes from atmora '' theory is simply propaganda . 
  with the complexity of sword-singer fighting techniques , i doubt they would value pure , brute strength . 
  that depends entirely on what version of the god of the circle of life you 're lokking at . 
  arkay is indeed more a god of burial rights , but the yokudan/redguard aspect of him , tuwacca , is indeed involved in guiding spirits to the afterlife , along with ruptga , who is an aspect of aka . 
  still though , none is like a grim reaper-type character . 
  it 's 2015 , be anything you want . 
  probably this one 's . 
  c0da seems to be pretty commonly accepted , at least by most regulars . 
  bgsf maybe , but i 'm not really sure how that community is ( i like the way reddit formats replies much more , and i get a headache when i switch to another site afterwards ( white letters on black background , great idea / s ) ) . 
  the tumblr community ought to change a lot as well , with all the stuff going around there , but when did tumblr ever listen to reason ? 
  the psijic order used magic to cast an impenetrable fog barrier around pyandonea . 
  other than that , probably what is mentioned already , like the dwemer weather machine beneath mournhold . 
  maybe the hist played a role in stopping the construction of one ? 
  the hist have a history of sabotage . 
  ash vampires technically are n't really vampires . 
  they are probably called that way because they feed of the heart , but i never heard mention of them feeding of blood . 
  ash creatures are linked to the heart and the blight , both being linked to house dagoth . 
  the ash creatures in morrowind all seemed to worship dagoth ur , but those in bloodmoon probably do n't , since dagoth is pretty much gone . 
  who would win ?
