  the last province is high rock , but the bretons are too shrewd and opportunistic to be seen as good allies , as they will always find a way to bluff their way out of harm . 
  now , with a severely crippled empire of only four , severely sundered provinces , opposing three strictly governed , organised provinces with good morale , would the empire stand a change ? 
  the aldmeri dominion is also very important to look at here . 
  the altmer have always been strictly hierarchical and organised , something that is very useful with a massive standing army . 
  add this to a long history of swordsmanship and battle magic , and you have a unstoppable army . 
  and that is not all , as they were in the winning mood ; they saw their mortal enemy fall to pieces ( altmer live for a very long time , so it is safe to say that most of the soldiers saw the oblivion crisis go down ) . 
  do you think the medes , who were nothing more than colovian warlords , were able to uphold such a massive empire against such a well organised and strong force ? 
  do you think they had n't already tried rallying there supporters ? 
  they did all this , but to no avail . 
  the empire was trembled , and this left titus with just two choices :, 
  continue fighting , and see your men killed , your villages plundered , and the end of the reign of men , or to sign the treaty , making the empire a vassal state of the ad , but still with some form of independence . 
  obviously , titus chose the last option . 
  this way , the empire was n't completely destroyed . 
  it maintained some form of independence , it kept its face and its name . 
  still , it would be part of the aldmeri dominion , and the emperor had to do what the thalmor commanded him to do . 
  but the most important question : can you blame him ? 
  if you were in his shoes , would you keep fighting . 
  honour is sweet , but it only brings you so far . 
  if giving in to your enemies is the only way to preserve your land , your villages , and your families and those of your men , even if it meant that you had to be dragged through the dirt , with your once mighty empire behind you , would n't you do the same ? 
  would you sacrifice everything you love and once loved for a fight you can not win ? 
  would you ? 
  i might have over exaggerated the potency of mer , and lack thereof of men . 
  still , the empire was not aware of the fact that the thalmor were also hamstringed . 
  i disagree with the fighting mad point . 
  they may have fought valiantly , and aggresively , but wars are won over resources and strategy , not sheer will . 
  the empire lacked both the former . 
  yes , mede was a self-absorbed ruler , only interested in his own goals . 
  this is a major flaw in his character . 
  however , even if he acted purely out of own interest , he did what was the most reasonable thing to do at the time ( something we slightly agree on ) . 
  yes , the empire might have fought itself free for some time of the aldmeri dominion , but with the intelligence the empire had at the time , this was the best descission they coul have made . 
  both refer to having a `` personal '' representation . 
  something with consciousness . 
  aldmeris was n't portrayed as a being , but as an actual continent . 
  aldmeris is supposedly the homeland of the aldmer . 
  at some point they lost theor way , and settled the summerset isles . 
  it is common conscention that aldmeris never existed as a continent , but was a metaphor for when the elves were still one people ( i.e. 
  before the dwemer and ayleids and such split of ) . 
  in `` lord vivec 's sword meeting with cyrus the restless '' , it is directly stated that the pankratossword is lost ( i 'm on phone right now , so i 'll link amd quote sometime later ) . 
  the stance and the way you hold the hilt were known during cyrus '' time , though , but nothing besides that . 
  edit : here is the [ link . 
  ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/lord-vivecs-sword-meeting-cyrus-restless ), 
   cyrus , you see , never knew how to actually use the pankratosword , only how to hold it at threat . 
  after all , ** its use was forbidden and thus held in no stone at all after the fall of old yokuda . 
  the stones referred to here are the memory stones . 
  they are further explained in the text , and appear in many sources regarding the sword-singers and yokuda . 
  they are used to store and rewatch memories . 
  since yokuda was destroyed , and the remaining sword singers forgot the techniques all together , it is safe to say that the technique has been lost forever . 
  the pocket guide ( written by the igs ) is always a controversial source , especially when it concerns cultures that are n't imperial . 
  they were the ones that stated that redguards had no common ancestor with the other races of men , that all imga are pro-altmer , and that alduin is the same as akatosh ( all of which , as we know , is bullshit ) . 
  still , i was also under the impression that talos meant stormcrown ... 
  edit : the only source is is the pge , first edition ... it could very well mean stormcrown , but i 'm sceptic . 
  that would be hard to rediscover , also because it is forbidden for sword singers to learn ( and thus do research towards it ) the pankratosword . 
  besides , if they are now nothing more than just very good swordsman , i would n't count on it being rediscovered in the next centuries . 
  they were merged with the skin of the numidium , becoming part of the machine ( its skin , to be more precise ) , as was their intention . 
  that would be nine pm . 
  welcome aboard the evening shift :d . 
  but is that part of chim/divinity , as with vivec , or is it the moon getting to his head ? 
  the text refers to people going insane by being on the moon . 
  edit : spelling , and grammar, 
   they fought different, 
  that is the explanation of their name . 
  still , i was curious because of the fact that orichalc 's stone is ` sword ' . 
  with all other towers being made by elves/descendents of elves , i figure they have some special relation with swords . 
  no of course , did n't want it to sound like i was attacking you :p, 
  i 'm still pondering that theory i heard that the atomos was an object , and not a particle . 
  seeing it is destroyed by a sword ( a very , very powerful sword technique ) , i 'm curious if that might have been the stone ... 
  do we actually have sources stating that the atomos is the equivalent to an atom , apart from the fact that they seem to react the same to splitting ? 
  corsair is a somewhat old fashioned word for pirate or privateer . 
  so ilhrys and opgreenback are right in that they were just pirates . 
  look , nt might have shattered your dream-bubble of ` mk-is-gonna-answer-my-question ' , but he makes fair points . 
  this will attract a lot of attention , and he will ignore some questions , not necessarily because they are n't interesting , but because a hour is n't that long . 
  variety is good . 
  i 'm pondering some questions about game design , which i also like answered . 
  also , and most importantly , act like an adult . 
  mk has n't had the best view of the subreddit in the past , and we have a chance now to proof him wrong , showing that we are on par with the bsgf . 
  do n't start spamming or downvoting , because that will not only damage your image , but also the one of this subreddit ( and will also cause the mods to take action ) . 
  let 's make this something we can have good memories of , shall we ? 
  it 's even half man - half woman ... 
  it is probably similar to what happened in 1718 . 
  the illiac bay has had a lot of problems with pirates , and some famous pirates , like cyrus , originate there . 
  these are important . 
  some answers are quite cryptic , but now is the chance for follow-up questions . 
  congratulations to andrew !, 
  it 's good to see new sotw 's . 
  also , myrr , i really dig your new flair . 
  this week has been somewhat busy for me . 
  had to make to papers for school , and had to do a survey in the rain , with maybe ten people responding to it . 
  not really how i wanted to spent my saturday ... 
  edit : also , been posting so much on reddit , that i 'm actually using the same make-up ( double spacing at the end of lines , double line break , etc. ), 
  in word ... 
  maybe aka 's madness is rooted in the fact that he quite violently forced his sphere of influence ( which is one of structure and regularity ) on a altogether implausible realm . 
  we know that this shattered aka , more than can be attributed to mythopoeia , seeing the various time-gods , and the dragons . 
  i think convention was what drove aka insane , and not necessarily the forces of mythopoeia ( almost all tamrielic races worship an aspect of him ) . 
  slave could work as well . 
  a lot of races see creation as a imprisonment . 
  with tamriel as the birthing grounds of mortality , i can see it work . 
  velothiraptor sounds like a nickname divayth fyr 's neighbours use in private conversation for him, 
  i do n't think the comparison of anu & padomay/all-maker & adversary will hold up . 
  the skaal seem to attribute everything good to the all-maker , and everything bad to the adversary . 
  i think those two are more or less representations/personifications/symbolisations of the concepts of good and evil .
