  his dynasty would later been overthrown by the tsaeci , starting the line of the akaviri potentates . 
  akaviri remains can still be found on tamriel , with examples as the blades ( both in function and appearance ) , and the imperial banner . 
  yokuda is to the west . 
  it was formally home to the yokudans , who left and became the redguards , and the lefthanded elves , of which almost nothing is known ( apart from that they were n't left handed ) . 
  at one point it was blown up . 
  the survivors fled to tamriel . 
  the remains of yokuda are the orichalc islands . 
  pyandonea is to the south and now inaccesable . 
  it is home to the maormer , who had been raiding tamriel for a long time , until the psjijics called forth a mist bank , making it impossible to navigate to and from it . 
  thras is also to the south . 
  the all-flags navy sunk it , and it 's now an underwater coral rif . 
  it is home to the amphibious sloads . 
  aldmeris is a myth . 
  it is the concept of elven unity . 
  elves most likely originated on tamriel . 
  for akavir , i would recommend the book `` on akavir '' . 
  for most of the other races , i wrote this a while ago . 
  after the ehlnofey wars , the ehlnofey were split into two groups : the old ehlnofey , ancestors of the aldmer and all elves , and the wanderers , ancestors of all men ( and possibly giants ) . 
  the wanderers became the nedes , atmorans , and yokudans . 
  for social-economic things i have to say the imperials during the third empire . 
  hegemonial forces are always interesting . 
  when it comes to other things , i think the redguards/yokudans . 
  their pantheon and religion is really interesting , and is n't nearly as explored as should be . 
  tamriel as a whole was influenced . 
  ocato mentions that he was unable to pull the legion back into cyrodiil , as they were still fighting in the other provinces . 
  also , i think one of the novels mentions the hist re-engineering argonians to fight of the daedra , and quite effectively . 
  i do n't know about any other continent . 
  there has been little contact with the others apart from occasional trade with the orichalc islands , but i do n't know of any sources pointing towards gates there . 
  to be fair , most other races are n't designed to be walking tanks by intelligent trees . 
  i 'm gon na skip the first question , as that is not my strongest subject . 
  * the argonians were n't men . 
  they are litteraly lizards . 
  they are shaped by the hist , and newborn argonians are nothing more than tree lizards . 
  ( i do n't know if eso has anything new to offer ), 
  * that is a mystery . 
  it is n't even completely known if the hist were behind the knahatan flu ( the fact that they and their loved argonians were imune to it is suspicious , though ) . 
  why the kothringi or any other race in black marsh might have been a threat is unknown . 
  they might have been failed experiments . 
  or just unlucky bystanders . 
  also , a link to the origin of the tower theory :, 
  auri-el was the aspect that let time flow linear . 
  as such he can be considered its beginning . 
  i do n't really know how bormahu/aka 's relation with time is . 
  it did n't trult exist when it was still one . 
  it is interesting to see aldmeris and atmora as opposites . 
  aldmeris had always been portrayed as a utopia for elven unity , while ysgramor fled atmora because of its civil wars . 
  most likely . 
  the presence is due to the white-gold concordat , which made the empire a semi-vasal state . 
  it might vary per province , though . 
  cyrodiil would have a lot , due to it being the seat of government . 
  skyrim has a pretty big thalmor presence due to the civil war . 
  high rock would probably be the least controlled by the thalmor , as it is relatively quiet , and not a political center for the empire . 
  first of , best of luck to / u/occupytamriel , and congratulations to / u/anonymous _ mononymous and / u/protostorm216 . 
  so i 've been gone for half a week because i had to lead a school project for the fourth year . 
  it was a lot more work than i thought . 
  it is sad that this was the last time i will ever do such a project , after 7 times . 
  on the other hand , i have free time again , and might start writing again . 
  i do have to study for my final exams , though . 
  anyway , what is something y' all are not looking forward to ? 
  the et ` ada were n't floating around in aetherius . 
  that subgradiant of the aurbis was n't yet . 
  with the et ` ada giving shape to the wheel , aetherius took shape as well . 
  not all et ` ada are in aetherius now either . 
  all life is divine in origin , and a degenerated form of a more divine thing . 
  existence comes from the dreamer , who dreams to oppsosing forces : anu and padomay . 
  in their struggle , they split , forming new forms of existence . 
  the final subgradiants were made by lorkhan , when creation went awry . 
  many spirits became trapped in mundus . 
  some were destroyed , some were severley injured . 
  some sacrificed themselves , and some were no longer able to live forever . 
  this last group is the mortals . 
  they are only able to live on through breeding . 
  so , in short , the origin of life is the degeneration of gods . 
  interesting . 
  this would also explain the importance of sun/star light . 
  a tropical rainforest is very dark near the ground , and being able to see the light of the sun and stars meant that you reached a lesser overgrown part of the forest , which should be habitable . 
  in the tes universe it is defendable . 
  the individual groups have a large enough `` genetic '' diversity to be considered separate . 
  but yeah , culture would be more accurate , also since there are different cultural groups within one race ( skaal/nord , nibenay/colovian for instance ) . 
  the names of nibenay and the heartlands have a latin sound to them . 
  the names of colovia , on the other hand , appear harsher in sound , with mor consonants grouped together ( think of place names as sutch , kvatch , and chorrol , or the personal name kastav kvinchal ) . 
  seeing that your name aquila has the latin/nibenese sound , the last name would be fitting to be latin-sounding as well . 
  malleus is possible . 
  aquila might be an exception . 
  remember the roman general agrippa ? 
  still , i 've never heard of aquila actually being used as a given name . 
  i could be wrong . 
  edit : [ seems aquila is feminine after all ] ( http://en.m.wiktionary.org/wiki/aquila ), 
  daedra being et ` ada has already been mentioned , but some other things :, 
  i would n't group daedra with padomay , and aedra with anu . 
  at that subgradiant , the distinction is individual and not per group ( daedra/aedra differences were arbitral up until the sundering of the aedra ) . 
  how the hist came to be is a mistery . 
  they are remnants of the world of anu , so they areprobably on the same level as anu and padomay themselves . 
  i would argue that nedes are before the bretons . 
  they are said to be the product of nedic and aldmeri interbreeding . 
  anyway , those are my two ( or three ) septims . 
  other than that , it looks good . 
  edit : fucked up a word . 
  that 's what i get for doing this at 4 am, 
  the nedes are n't the ancestors of nords or atmorans .
