  it is interesting that he feels unfit for the title . 
  he gets insulted when called that , not because he does n't want anything to do with shor/shezzar/lorkhan , but because he feels unworthy of being called it , insinuating that naming him thus is an insult to shor . 
   he led them anyway into the heart of the hinterland west , to drive the ayleids inward , towards the tower of white-gold , a slow retreating circle that could not understand the power of man 's sudden liberty , and what fury-idea that brought . 
  pelinal still follows through with what he ( probably ) promised to alessia . 
  the rebellion is coming to an end , and the ayleids are screwed . 
  they are having difficulty understanding the sudden outburst and the tactics of the nedes . 
  it is also interesting to note that the freedom of the nedes was prophesised as the first vision to alessia , and it is possible this form of freedom was a new concept , unknown to the ayleids . 
   his mace crushed the thundernachs that umaril sent as harriers on the rebellion 's long march back south and east , and carried morihaus-breath-of-kyne to zuathas the clever-cutting man ( a nede with a keptu name ) for healing when the bull had fallen to a volley of bird beaks . 
  i have n't found mentioning of thundernachs outside of the song , but the final part of the name seems consistent with atronach , so possibly storm atronachs ( or at least a daedric life form ) . 
  umaril was in a pact with a daedric prince , so it is not unlikely . 
  again , pelinal shows compassion by saving morihaus , and the love he felt for him has its own volume . 
  he carries him to a doctor . 
  the keptu were another tribe living in cyrodiil alongside the nedes , and it is likely there already was a cultural symbiosis between the races of man living in cyrodiil . 
  the nedes were probably the most present or developed group , and their culture was the one that survived the longest ( compare the imperialisation of the provinces towards the end of the third era ) . 
  again , bird symbolism with the ayleids . 
  i think at this point it is relatively clear . 
   and , of course , at the council of skiffs , where all of the paravania 's armies and all of the nords shook with fear at the storming of white-gold , so much so that the al-esh herself counseled delay ,, 
  the white-gold tower was an important religious centre for the ayleids , conveniently placed in the middle of cyrodiil ( and , with that , the centre of tamriel , nirn , mundus , and basically the entire aurbis ) . 
  being on an island in the middle of a lake , it is very well defendable , and now filled with ayleid troops . 
  storming the centre of the universe is n't a simple task , and even alessia seems hesitant to attack . 
  judging by the name `` council of skiffs '' , the nedes were planning on attacking the city by boat . 
   pelinal grew furious , and made names of umaril , and made names of what cowards he thought he saw around him , and then made for the tower by himself , for pelinal often acted without thought . 
  starting at from the first volume , it is clear that pelinal does whatever he wants to do , even against the counsel of those around him . 
  he was also known to immediately start calling others names when he got angry . 
  again , he is a one-man wrecking ball , and later volumes mention how he stormed the tower . 
  this line also hints at his untimely demise in the tower , a common narrative technique in epics . 
  this ends the fourth volume : on his deeds . 
  the fifth volume deals with the relation between morihaus and pelinal , as well as morihaus ' love for alessia . 
   it is a solid truth that morihaus was the son of kyne , but whether or not pelinal was indeed the shezarrine is best left unsaid ( for once plontinu , who favored the short sword , said it , and that night he was smothered by moths ) . 
  it has already been made clear that morihaus holds a tight relation with kyne , mostly due to his epithet breath-of-kyne . 
  again , the text avoids mentioning pelinal as the shezzarrine . 
  not only would it piss off pelinal to no end , as illustrated in the last volume , but it is also associated with a curse , apparently . 
  the moth is a holy symbol in cyrodiilic , and especially nibaney , culture . 
  the ancestor moth is involved in religious ceremonies revolving around ancestor veneration and the reading of the elder scrolls . 
  why this curse rests on the mentioning of pelinal as a shezzarrine is n't exactly clear , although it could have to do with the relation between pelinal and akatosh , the polar opposite of shezzar/lorkhan . 
   it is famous , though , that the two talked of each other as family , with morihaus as the lesser , and that pelinal loved him and called him nephew , but these could be merely the fancies of immortals . 
  if morihaus is the son of kyne , and pelinal is a form of lorkhan , it would mean that pelinal is the ( step - ) father of morihaus , being the husband of kyne , or , indeed , the uncle ( assuming kyne and lorkhan can be called siblings , being created around the same time from the same creating forces ) . 
  the text does leave the exact nature of pelinal in the middle again , stating that it could merely be nicknames the divine heroes used . 
  the love that pelinal felt for morihaus appeared in the previous volume , where he carried the wounded bull to a healer . 
   never did pelinal counsel morihaus in time of war , for the man-bull fought magnificently , and led men well , and never resorted to madness , but the whitestrake did warn against the growing love with perrif . 
  apart from loving morihaus , pelinal also deeply respected him . 
  it has been shown multiple times that pelinal did not play well with others , especially when it came to tactics or military decisions . 
  he did not have a problem with morihaus , though , and let him fight his own battles . 
  pelinal does seem concerned with morihaus , giving him advice regarding morihaus ' relation with alessia . 
   `` we are ada , mor , and change things through love . 
  we must take care lest we beget more monsters on this earth . 
  if you do not desist , she will take to you , and you will transform all cyrod if you do this . '', 
  pelinal and morihaus are divine spirits , as pelinal mentions here . 
  pelinal is mostly warning morihaus for offspring , since this will create a lot of little demi-gods running around . 
  the 36 lessons of vivec has some pretty gruesome scenes dealing with semi-divine beings running around , causing chaos . 
  pelinal also warns that this might change cyrodiil , probably due to the demi-gods being dangerous to the nedes ( or intermixing with them , creating a divine race ) . 
  the mentioning of love is interesting . 
  changing through love ( capitalised ) is often associated with chim , a state of enlightenment that lets a person create and shape through love , which is often unassociated ( or very hard to rhyme with ) love without the capital . 
  still , it is doubtful pelinal is implying chim here , as the only two known individuals that have achieved this state are talos and vivec , who both are n't ada ( although talos could have changed himself into this by mantling lorkhan . 
  he was n't born as such , though , unlike morihaus and pelinal ) . 
   and to this the bull became shy , for he was a bull , and he felt his form too ugly for the parvania [ sic ] at all times , especially when she disrobed for him . 
  awww , morihaus is in love . 
  still , alessia does n't care much for his bull-ness , apparently . 
   he snorted , though , and shook his nose-hoop into the light of the secunda moon and said , `` she is like this shine on my nose-hoop here : an accident sometimes , but whenever i move my head at night , she is there . 
  and so you know what you ask is impossible . '', 
  mortals are a whim of chance . 
  where divine beings generally have their own spheres , this is not the case for mortals . 
  so in short , mortals are nothing more than an accident . 
  the line also means that morihaus and alessia seem to end up in each other 's bed ` by accident ' ( yeah , right ) . 
  morihaus basically confirms to pelinal that whatever he warned him for already happened . 
  this creates an interesting question : what is the effect on the imperials from alessia 's and morihaus ' relation ? 
  this could merely be propaganda of the imperials , saying that they are of divine heritage . 
  it does , however , explain why the imperials were as able as they were to create not one , but three major empires . 
  the bretons are also of nedic descent , are as , if not more , shrewd than the imperials , and also maintain extensive trade contacts , yet they are stuck in constant in-fighting and petty city-state wars . 
  it is possible the imperials used this to explain their efficient conquest , being the race born from the intercourse of the son of a god and one beloved by the gods , or that there is something more to this story , and the imperials are indeed part divine . 
  and this ends the short , but interesting fifth volume : on his love of morihaus . 
  the sixth volume deals with the nature of pelinal , as well as with his madness, 
   and it is said that he emerged into the world like a padomaic , that is , borne by sithis and all the forces of change therein . 
  padomay is the polar opposite of anu , the two main forces of existence , and is the force of change . 
  sithis is the drive of padomay ( see it as a sort of hunger , unconscious but driving to change ) . 
  the rest of the song confirms pelinal as a force of nature that changes cyrodiil almost completely ( and with that tamriel ) . 
  this also fits with pelinal being a form of lorkhan , who was one of the most padomaic deities . 
   still others , like fifd of new teed , say that beneath the pelinal 's star-armor was a chest that gaped open to show no heart , only a red rage shaped diamond-fashion , singing like a mindless dragon , and that this was proof that he was a myth-echo , and that where he trod were shapes of the first urging . 
  it is well-known that pelinal did not have a physical heart , instead sporting the chim-el adabal ( the amulet of kings ) in his chest . 
  it is interesting to note that this is where the amulet comes from . 
  just like alessia might have gotten it from the corpse of her champion , reman was born with the stone in his forehead . 
  just like pelinal , lorkhan also lacked his heart , as it was torn out by trinimac , and launched across tamriel by auri-el . 
  now , this diamond is `` singing like a mindless dragon '' . 
  the dragon is of course the symbol of akatosh , and later on in the volume the mindlessness of this dragon is mentioned . 
  more on that later . 
  in literary science , myth-echo means that a character in a story is a leftover from an earlier tradition . 
  good examples of myth-echoes are the tuatha d\u00e9 danann in the mythological cycle of early irish literature , as well as most characters in the four branches of the mabinogi in medieval welsh literature . 
  in tes , however , myth-echo is often used to indicate that a character shares traits with a divine being , often in the form of being an avatar or incorporation of the god in question . 
  the first urging can be multiple things . 
  it can refer to the struggle between anu and padomay , a struggle which pelinal also shares to an extent . 
  it can also be a reference to lorkhan , whose urge can be seen as changing the very nature of those around him . 
  in any case , it is clear that pelinal is a pretty troubled mind , and he is in a constant struggle with himself . 
   pelinal cared for none of this and killed any who would speak god-logic , except for fair perrif , who he said , `` enacts , rather than talks , as language without exertion is dead witness . '', 
  `` facta non verba '' seems to be a good motto for pelinal . 
  again , anyone trying to judge his nature is met with a nasty fate ( except for those nords , but that was probably because of a promise to alessia ) . 
  this is also another example of the respect pelinal had for alessia , and she is the only person who can get away with these kind of things . 
  the quote reminds me of a latin sentence ( which is also the last line of `` the name of the rose '' , by umberto eco ) : `` stat rosa pristina nomine , nomina nuda tenemus '' ; the rose of old exists only as name , naked names we retain . 
  words and sentences are nice and all , but without action , they are nothing more than souvenirs . 
   when those soldiers who heard him say this stared blankly , he laughed and swung his sword , running into the rain of kyne to slaughter their ayleid captives , screaming , `` o aka , for our shared madness i do this !, 
  i watch you watching me watching back !,
