  the roman names stem from this area . 
  colovia is more rugged . 
  when there is no empire , it is normally divided between warlords . 
  titus mede and tiber septim were good examples of these warlords . 
  the names like laythe wavric originate in this area . 
  akatosh is a bit hard , since he is the product of shezzar being slammed into an aka shard . 
  you get the eagle of auri-el and the snake of lorkhan . 
  guess what comes out . 
  ruptga was also the person that slammed his big stick into sep , which is reminiscent of aka and ada-mantia . 
  but yeah , the stars are a bit weird . 
  the middle dawn might have worked ( or most likely worked ) retroactively . 
  vivec in general made oral and anal prohibited . 
  although the scenes in which they are forbidden show some homo-erotic tendencies , the rules apply to all , hetero or homo . 
  but yeah , these two are more common in ( male ) homosexual relations . 
  they did feature an openly homosexual person in fallout : new vegas , but you are right in saying that homosexuality is still controversial , and game developers rarely do n't want to go there . 
  in the song of pelinal , he is the one that gave alessia pelinal . 
  he bassicaly gave her the ok for a genocide this way . 
  the battle in the temple of the one was indeed a release of energy in the amulet . 
  it probably took a dragon form because martin is dragonborn ( not the shout type , the royal one ) , and not because akatosh appeared . 
  still , it was something akatosh played a part in ; it was his amulet and his energy that got released by his dragonborn . 
  acctually , the sun in our universe does n't transmit warmth directly to the earth . 
  it only turns into heath when it hits a survice . 
  that 's why it 's so cold on mountaintops , even if they are above the clouds . 
  if the light from magnus ' hole transmit energy , the same principle might apply , but physics do work differently in the aurbis . 
  god , the meridia-kyne thing ... has that one been figured out completely yet ? 
  it seems hope plays a big role . 
  congratulations to hood !, 
  so no rape of the reach this week , which comes from a combination of connection problems my computer has , stuff i still need to do for work , work itself , and a shitload of saint 's row 2 . 
  i 'll get back to the series one of these days . 
  good week to all of you !, 
  i 've been watching `` the secret of kells '' and playing `` saint 's row 2 '' a lot . 
  th secret of kells is so beautifully animated , and the rythm is very well done . 
  the story is a bit bland , but as an irlandophile , i can get past them . 
  saint 's row is just too much fun to put down  . 
  the daedric cults ( obviously ) come to mind . 
  there could very well be a alessian cult still going around , but the initial alessian order is very controversial in cyrodiil . 
  there is the cult of the ancestor-moth , but i do n't think their worship is directed at the moths , but to one of the eight . 
  a shezzar cult seems logical . 
  there are multiple saints and demi-gods throughout the history of cyrodiil ( reman , pelinal , morihaus , hans the fox , etc. ), 
  who all might have their own cults , although each of these examples with the exception of reman are normally associated with other deities . 
  no love for pelinal ? 
  it has revolution , death , and psychotic rage !, 
  britt, 
  haha . 
  the lindisfarne gospels are beautifully made as well . 
  i have n't really gotten into the details of those illuminations , but what was really surprising to me about the book of kells was the amount of detail in those nots and twists in the capitals . 
  fuck , that would be a hell to do , even with graphical software , let alone by hand . 
  ruptga , or tall papa , is the one you are looking for . 
  he is never named in a certain shape , but the myths talk of him walking , and using a big stick to impale sep , so i guess he might just be portrayed as a man ( possibly winged , flying time symbolism ? 
  aka is closer tied to anui-el than most et ` ada , but he is still a subgradient below him . 
  aka is , in any case , the oversoul of time . 
  during creation , the aedra were damaged , and aka went the extra mile when calling convention , and body slamming linear time into mundus . 
  here it gets complicated , due to mythopoeia . 
  the aedra are so weak , that the energy that comes from worship affects them . 
  it gives them strength , but also shapes them . 
  due to the strezsful creation of mundus , the aedra are more or less multiple shards ( although aka takes the cake ) . 
  these shards might change due to the worship of a people . 
  the nords think of aka as a deity that destroys time , calling him alduin , and a shard is shaped by this believe . 
  the khajiit think of aka as the maintainer of time , calling him alkosh , and a shard is shaped accordingly . 
  with akatosh being the present , and tosh raka being the future ruptga might be the past . 
  the myths only mention him in the past tense ( although these are all origin myths , and the yokudan corpus is pretty small ) . 
  from what is known about him , everything surrounds him making the walkabout , putting the stars in the night sky , and killing sep with his big stick . 
  remembering the old ways seems to be a trend here . 
  lorkhan knows a lot of different shapes , like sep , shezzar , shor , seor , lorkhaj . 
  they do seem to be slightly different but they also seem to be just the same deity from a different point of view . 
  the problem is that lorkhan truly is dead , so the differences do n't show in the present . 
  uesp links big stick to ada-mantia . 
  it was also supposed to be left as an example . 
  it was probably used to kill sep in a bit more figurative way , as ada-mantia was where convention took place . 
  trinimac is very hard to spot , since the yokudans have at least three or four named war deities ( hoonding , leki , onsi , ebonarm , from the top of my head ) , and probably a dozen more . 
  also , no other religion than the altmeri seems to have a deity like trinimac . 
  yeah , i am working on that , 
  the empire needs skyrim 's support against the thalmor . 
  historically , all the empires only stood as long as there nordic allies , and the nords and cyrods share a long history . 
  there is also the matter of the cyro-nordic culture . 
  while there are huge differences , skyrim is the closest to cyrodiil culturewise , and ( as stated earlier ) , they have a long amical history . 
  this extends so far that the igs wrote multiple propaganda pieces to make tiber septim a nord/atmoran ( though he most likely was breton ) , and the nedes and atmorans one people . 
  if the empire loses skyrim , they will lose all the remainder of their support in tamriel . 
  his body is two rotting pieces in the sky , his heart is now unphysically floating around , his ghost is roaming tamriel , trying to `` finish what he started '' ( according to mk , whatever the fuck it may mean ) . 
  the empire did try to help hammerfell . 
  during the great war , the thalmor landed it multiple waves . 
  the first was small raiding parties on the major port towns . 
  some detachmants cut off from the main force , and went through the alik ' r towards cyrodiil . 
  in the meantime , cyrodiil already tried to send legions that way . 
  they were already passing the hammerfell border when another wave of thalmor hit around anvil . 
  they pushed through to cyrodiil , and again small detachments cut off and went through the alik ` r , this time to chase the legions going to hammerfell . 
  the legions were trapped between two thalmor forces in the desert . 
  also , the thalmor made a push through leyawiin and bravil on the other side of cyrodiil , so the legion was stretched very thin . 
  hammerfell thought the empire didn ' y sent anyone , hammerfell is pissed and refuses to sign the white-gold concordat . 
  if cyrodiil wanted the treaty signed , either hammerfell had to agree , or they had to leave . 
  cyrodiil chose the later , and hammerfell was thrown out . 
  the redguards were glad with this , since there was a lot of anti-empire sentiment at that time . 
  they continued to fight the dominion , and they take pride in the fact that hammerfell wa the only province to resist the thalmor . 
  cyrodiil has enough problems to deal with currently , and not enough men or resources to try and invade hammerfell . 
  also , doing that would make the ic a sitting duck for the dominion . 
  the medes still refer to it as the third empire , so they certainly try to legitimise their roles with tiber septim . 
  he does n't actively direct the shezzarines though . 
  they are more driven by faith than by lorkhan . 
  and what do you mean with `` six other gods '' ? 
  i know lorkhan and akatosh are mirror-twins , but other than that i do n't know with which god he should have that kind of relation .
