  not much to bring in against this . 
  still , even with this in mind , tes cultures are pretty unique ( like / u/myrrlyn said ) , and take inspiration from many different cultures , concepts , and with a lot of creative license put in . 
  simply saying x equals y is oversimplifying things . 
  time 's up , will edit this later . 
  [ dagoth purr welcomes you , moon-and-star ] ( http://laggycreations.deviantart.com/art/dagoth-purr-269310512 ), 
  nah , he 's too smart for that . 
  there has already been space travel ( or void travel , more specifically ) . 
  the pge 3 has the following on it :, 
   visits to aetherius occur even less frequently than to oblivion , for the void is a long expanse and only the stars offer portal for aetherial travel , or the judicious use of magic . 
  the expeditions of the reman dynasty and the sun birds of alinor are the most famous attempts in our histories , and it is a cosmic irony that both of them were eventually dissolved for the same reason : the untenable expenditures required to reach magic by magicka . 
  their only legacy is the royal imperial mananauts of the elder council and the great orrery at firsthold , whose spheres are made up of genuine celestial mineral gathered by travelers during the merethic era . 
  [ tiber septim 's sword-meeting with cyrus the restless ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/tiber-septim%e2%80%99s-sword-meeting-cyrus-restless ) also features void travel , and an imperial base on masser . 
  it is possible to travel through oblivion , but you 'll need magic for it . 
  since oblivion is infinite , travelling through it conventionally would be impossible . 
  well , i 've been away for a while from these threads . 
  i was pretty busy the past weeks . 
  my social life kicked off again , and that and my studies got in the way . 
  also , the rugby world cup . 
  damn , the pools were fun , and the matches today were pretty good as well . 
  too bad it turned out the rest of the tournament will just be the four nations reunion . 
  as long as the all blacks do n't win ... 
  the bottom one in welsh should read `` sut mae '' ( how are you ) , although it is often pronounced as `` shymae '' ( the y is a schwa here ) . 
  regarding the altmer , it should be noted that the altmer are obsessed with retaining traits of the aldmer , which has created their incredibly conservative culture , and rumours ( which may or may not be true ) regarding selective breeding and infanticide . 
  how successful these efforts are is unknown , though . 
  the colours are strangling me , dude !, 
  not entirely . 
  she points out the real academia espa\u00f1ola , which is an organisation that determines what the ` proper ' way of spanish is . 
  english does n't have a similar institute , so there is no one that actually has any ` authority ' to say what is right and what is n't . 
  still , the spanish academy seems to be just for spain itself , and not the rest of the spanish speaking world , judging by a quick wikipedia search . 
  a lot of languages have boards like this . 
  some are really treating local dialects badly ( like the acad\u00e9mie francaise , whose prescribed language is very different from spoken vernacular french ) , and others are trying to look for a common ground ( like the nederlandse taalunie , which is a collaboration between the netherlands , belgium , and suriname , which are the countries who have dutch as a national language ) . 
  still , talking shit about dialects is bullshit . 
  language changes , and dialects are just as valid as any other form of a language . 
  i grew up in the area of rotterdam this was filmed in . 
  there are a lot of these types of people there . 
  they are n't , really . 
  they managed to build quite a few towers , burial monuments , and they have one of the most technologically advanced cities in skyrim . 
  given , markarth was build by the dwemer , but scraps of their knowledge must have reached the reachmen . 
  and here comes the big distinction between reachmen and forsworn . 
  the forsworn are a seperatist ( possibly terrorist ) group who style themselves after the army of the legendary king red eagle , who fought against the alessian empire . 
  they do use some ancient magic ( they seem to have a pact with hagravens , and some of them are briarhearts ) , but most reachmen do n't seem that different from the rest of skyrim 's population . 
  the bone weapons and rags they wear are more for show than anything else , really . 
  they are probably best comparable to how some early twentieth century irish independence movements called themselves `` fenians '' ( fianna ) , after the mythical group in irish mythology . 
  they were n't planning on living in the wilds and getting at the emglish with swords , but they did still use the name for symbolism , as well as show . 
  i stumbled upon this one in time , this week . 
  last couple of weeks have been hectic , with being ill , stressed , and a good friend of mine falling back into his addiction ( although this time he has a therapist stepping in in time ) . 
  on the plus side , being sick meant i had time to watch movies almost all day . 
  recently rewatched metropolis . 
  damn , that movie is still impressive even after almost 90 years . 
  you should definitly rewatch it now . 
  the last reconstruction attempt was in 2011 , and now the movie is complete for about 99 %, 
  i really enjoyed the special effects . 
  those often look pretty amateuristic for modern standards in movies from that era , but a lot of the effects ( like those rings of light around the maschinnenmensch ) can hold up for modern standards , still . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  they actually speak another language than us imperials ( and , yes , the rest of tamriel is imperial too . 
  get used to it ) . 
  they take strength from it , goddamnit . 
  too bad the next time they try to climb to the heavens there is a secret surpris efor them , 
  she went too high . 
  if she made a textbook rugby tackle , she would have gone lower before contact , then quickly upwards , so the shoulder makes contact around the hip , lifting him off his feet a bit , and using her momentum to topple him to his back . 
  you should n't look at daedra and aedra as being purely anuic and padomaic . 
  that distinction falls apart at the level of sithis and anui-el . 
  the main , and actually only , distinction between aedra and daedra is their involvement in the creation of mundus . 
  aedra were involved , daedra , were n't ( with the exception of meridia , but that is a different case ) . 
  jyggalag is mostly anuic . 
  he is the god of calculated order , based on an idea of predetermanism ( which , according to dialogue in si seems to be pretty exact ) . 
  the biggest reason for daedra to be more involved in mundus is that they are still concious , while the aedra are in a comatose status after convention . 
  i was very tired and a bit drunk , so apologies for that . 
  still , the gist is in the first line, 
   you should n't look at daedra and aedra as being purely anuic and padomaic.that distinction falls apart at the level of sithis and anui-el . 
  if he is aedra or daedra is beside the question , but it is important to note that he is on that level of existence . 
  he is anuic in that he is very ordered , and embodies order , but he is padomaic in the grey march . 
  jyggalag is mostly anuic , with a tiny hint of padomay . 
  that , and digging holes in the sand, 
  pelinal is even more complicated . 
  when nordic soldiers said he was shor himself , he supposedly spat at them . 
  he did seem to be aware there was a link between him and aka ( who is lorkhan 's mirror twin ) , but if he truly understood all of it is hard to say . 
  i 'm pretty sure talos/tiber/etc . 
  was aware of their situation , simply because he seemed to be pretty aware of mythical implications of his actions , but that is arguably reading between the lines . 
  if this takes of like that dworc thing , i swear to god i will tear someone 's heart out . 
  also , hen is welsh for `` old '' , as in `` hen wlad fy nhadau '' ( ( old ) lan of my fathers ) and `` hen ogledd '' ( old north ) . 
  explosions and communism . 
  rad . 
  if they know it , it is from american media . 
  the story is n't really told here . 
  some people might know the statue in spaarndam , but i doubt most people even know where that is . 
  too bad about the tourists and the amsterdammers , though . 
  david l. white argues that it was due to influences from `` english brittonic '' ( the dialect of brittonic spoken in modern day england , and either related to or the direct ancestor of modern welsh , breton and cornish ) and old norse , as well as apocope ( the dropping of final syllables ) in all of these languages . 
  according to him , the speakers of this brittonic were still the majority just after the anglo-saxons settled england . 
  due to the fact that english had three genders , and brittonic only two ( no neuter ) , speakers of brittonic learning english as a second language would n't find it easy to pick the right gender , and would default to the neuter . 
  he further puts forth that the norsemen either did n't bother using the gender in their old english ( which is strange , since old norse and old english would basically have the same gender system ) , or that the norsemen learned english from the anglicised britons . 
  white should be taken with a grain of salt here , though . 
  his speciality is in the celtic languages , and not the germanic . 
  furthermore , this comes from an article which is trying to prove celtic influences on english . 
  on the whole , he might be on to something , but his individual points can often be taken down pretty easily . 
  source : white , d. ` explaining the innovations of middle english : what , where , and why ' , in m. filppula , j. klemola , * the celtic roots of english * ( joensuu 2002 ) ,153 174 . 
  like i said , white 's individual points can be taken down easily . 
  however , there are all sorts of different reasons why grammatical systems might disappear . 
  influence of l2 speakers is n't that strange ( it is the reason why initial consonant mutation is disappearing in the celtic languages , for instance ) . 
  still , like i said , english is n't his speciality , and he is often a bit too quick with his conclusions in the article .
