  despite their supposed selective breeding , altmer are known to carefully pick their partners , and it is common for couples to spend as much time together as possible . 
  their culture is also known as being very structured and hierarchical , and it has occurred more than once that the higher casts decided on personal aspects of the lower castes ' lives . 
  a notable example is the institution of the altmeri pantheon , which replaced some aedra with ones seen as ` higher ' by the nobles , and their supposed selective breeding . 
  this focus on altmeri supremacy , in recent years advocated by the thalmor , has met with resentment by the younger generations of altmer , who express the desire of more peaceful relations with the other parts of tamriel . 
  even though this new movement exists , most people of tamriel are still more familiar with the thalmor and their predecessors , and as such still regard the altmer as being arrogant . 
  their pantheon is vast , and includes the eight divines also worshipped by the imperials , alongside other et ` ada , mostly related to magic ( i.e. 
  because of their et ` ada heritage , they deeply hate lorkhan , who they take responsible for making them mortal , along with any men-made additions to the different religions , most notably the cyro-nordic god-hero talos ( it is rumoured that the ban on the talos-worship by the thalmor is to further destroy the towers , which would result in the collapse of mundus and ending the kalpa , in the hope of regaining their divinity ) . 
  * this sums up this short summary on the altmer of the summerset isles . 
  in short , even though the altmer retain a supremacist stance towards the other races , they are not totally to blame for it , as , in some respects , they have contributed in huge ways to the rest of tamrielic culture and knowledge *, 
  * disclaimer : neither the author nor the publisher in any way condone any racist or supremacist stance towards the above mentioned race . 
  this work should be regarded as a summary of common traits found in said race . 
  eventhough these traits might be common , they in no way are valid for all individuals of the race , and should not be regarded as such . 
  we have met those beasts before ,, 
  more than two era 's ago . 
  this battle , deep in our lore ,, 
  against the elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  tiber came out with his force ,, 
  to meet the elves , who 're with more . 
  he pushed them out of his course ,, 
  these dirty elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  and we will stand , we stand tall ,, 
  against our foes so high . 
  the higher they are , the harder they fall . 
  so come , my brothers ,, 
  the time is nigh . 
  yet the elves refused to stop ,, 
  but tiber , strong as we know ,, 
  he made those wrong elves give up . 
  these evil elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  tiber called the tower brass ,, 
  to bring them the final blow . 
  to burn the land and their grass, 
  of these weak elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  and we will stand , we stand tall ,, 
  against our foes so high . 
  the higher they are , the harder they fall ,, 
  so come , my brothers ,, 
  the time is nigh . 
  we lack tiber 's power now ,, 
  but the elves are still there , though ,, 
  with spirit through every row . 
  these hateful elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  but tiber is now talos ,, 
  who strengthens us with his glow ,, 
  we will crush their ranks across . 
  these hated elves of summerset ,, 
  so vile and so low . 
  and we will stand , we stand tall ,, 
  against our foes so high . 
  the higher they are , the harder they fall . 
  so come , my brothers ,, 
  the time is nigh . 
  and we will stand , we stand tall ,, 
  against our foes so high . 
  the higher they are , the harder they fall . 
  so come , my brothers ,, 
  the time is nigh . 
  * welcome back to the fourth volume of ` on the species of tamriel ' . 
  this part will deal with the elves that inhabit the woodlands of valenwood , the bosmer . 
  even though bosmeri culture has long been shrouded in obscurity , in recent years some scholars have documented vast amounts of information about these elves , and i would like to redirect the interested reader to [ these ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/17i9cl/the_boiche_a_treatise_on_the_elves_of_valenwood/ ) two [ works ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/teslore/comments/18jmat/the_boiche_a_treatise_on_the_elves_of_valenwood/ ) . 
  however , for the completeness of ` on the species of tamriel ' , i will still include this . 
  the bosmer , in the elven language meaning ` wood people ' ( or as they call themselves : boiche , ` tree-sap people ' , as their name in their own tongue means ) , in cyrodiil better known as the woodelves , are a race of mer from the forested province of valenwood , on the southern shore of tamriel . 
  they are a curious people , regarded as some of the best archers around , albeit lazy ones . 
  the biology of the woodelves is significantly different from that of other elves . 
  even though they share the affinity for magic , the pointed ears and the longevity of the other merkinds , they are stouter than their more elegant brethern . 
  this is most apparent in the male bosmer , which is shorter than the female and the rest of the tamrielic species ( not counting the alfiq khajiit subspecies ) . 
  this short and somewhat plump build helps them greatly in navigating the dense forests of their homeland . 
  because of their lifestyle ( which in some circles is described as rudimentary ) , they have developed a resistance to most diseases . 
  alongside this , they have the ability to control more simple minded creatures , of which there is plenty in valenwood . 
  lastly the elves of valenwood hold a darker power of which they do n't like talking , called ` the wild hunt ' , which will be explained later . 
  there are some sources on the origin of the bosmer . 
  the altmer hold that , most likely because of their very open and tolerant culture , the elves took ` mannish wives ' . 
  it is highly plausible that the early aldmeri settlers had human wives , which would explain their shorter and compacter build . 
  however , the bosmer themselves hold a different theory , which might not be as farfetched as it seems at first sight . 
  the bosmer believe they descend from aldmer who were blessed with something called ` the green pact ' . 
  this pact , made with y' ffre ( in some accounts a collective name for the earth bones , in others one of the earth bones ) , made the bosmer the keepers of the forest , and shaped them to better suit the wood life . 
  according to this pact , the bosmer are not aloud to harm any form of flora , and as such are required to feed and build solely with animal materials ( they have been lenient with this rule , as imported wood and other plant material is allowed ) . 
  a disturbing side affect of this , is that bosmer are obliged to eat their fallen foes , both animal and sentient , including other bosmer . 
  in case of a sentient death , only the family of the slayer is allowed to help ( the definition of family might be broader in bosmeri culture . 
  it might denote everything from immediate family to the entire species ) . 
  it is important to note that the green pact is only in effect in valenwood ; bosmer are allowed to cut trees outside of valenwood , and they use imported materials for their housing . 
  the bosmeri culture is noted for being one of the most tolerant ( although this has waned in the wake of the reestablishment of the aldmeri dominion ) . 
  bosmer readily except other races , from inside and outside of valenwood , outcast or king . 
  it is plausible this tolerance and openness led to interbreeding between mer and men , possibly resulting in the bosmer appearance ( that is , if the y' ffre theory appears to be false ) . 
  this also made them the target of despise by their altmeri cousins , who view men as evil . 
  this tolerance has also led to some of the more interesting pantheons on tamriel . 
  alongside some of the more typical aldmeri deities , the bosmer also venerate the cyrodillian god arkay , the kothringi god z'en , an aspect of the god zenithar , whose power is now toil and payment in kind , and herma-mora takes the same role he has in nordic religion . 
  they also venerate some gods , like the moon gods , like the khajiit do , their ancient rivals . 
  alongside these gods of mixed heritage , they have one god that is unique to their pantheon , namely y' ffre . 
  alongside his role as maker of the green pact ( as noted above ) , he was also the god that , in the days of the dawn era , taught the creatures their final form . 
  before this point ( before time flowed linear ) , the creatures took every form , possible and impossible , all at the same time . 
  after fixing all shapes and forms , he gave the bosmer the knowledge of their old form , and the ritual required to regain it . 
  bosmer taking this form is called the ` wild hunt ' . 
  the woodelves performing this ritual will transform in dark beasts , blinded by fury , and will devour their enemies . 
  because it is a final transformation , the hunters will devour each other until one remains , who will flee into the wild .
