  `` what is it that made you look like this ? 
  was it a wolf or a bandit ? '' , he asked . 
  the traveller spoke : `` neither . 
  it was from a monster that i was hunting , but it escaped my grasp . 
  it was stronger than anything i encountered before , and surely more than a rabid wolf or a former mercenary . 
  the patrons were now all looking at the man . 
  the owner spoke : `` surely , those are the most dangerous things in these lands . 
  what is greater than they ? '', 
  the traveller began telling his tale . 
  many years have i travelled . 
  many more than any you would give me . 
  during those travels , i have encountered gods and demons , monsters and heroes , war-torn lands and utopia . 
  i will tell you of these . 
  it started with the fall of atmora . 
  you all know this tale , so i will not trouble you with recounting it . 
  many cities and ships burned that night , and i was one of the five-hundred . 
  while we made way to tamriel , my ship was blown off , and we were lost on sea . 
  after months , we saw land . 
  we hoped to find our companions there , but instead we found a land which was torn by war and treachery . 
  the people looked just like us , but they seemed strange . 
  their offspring is right in this room , although we did n't know they were like us then . 
  we landed , and we were greeted by a chieftain , who called himself with a name that i can not pronounce . 
  he told me that he was a vassal of the great empire that was there , and he said that we were only allowed to stay here if we could help his lord . 
  being hungry and weak from the long voyage , we accepted . 
  we were tasked with finding the musharragh , a monster from folktales of the people . 
  the monster was said to be as big as a ship , and strong enough to crush one . 
  we set out , and looked for it . 
  when we stopped looking one night , we made way to a cave . 
  as soon as we entered , a giant boulder was thrown before the door , and two of my men were crushed by a gigantic paw . 
  `` who is it that disturbs my cave ? '' , it echoed through the hollow . 
  `` we are no one , great beast , and we mean no harm . 
  we were just looking for a quiet place to sleep . '', 
  `` have you any notion of me , or who i am ? 
  i am musharragh , and i have not eaten in a long while . '', 
  three other men were grabbed with a huge claw . 
  musharragh squeezed so hard their eyes popped and their brains went airborne . 
  then a giant claw came my way , and tore through my body . 
  i was sure this was the moment i would die . 
  the next thing i remember was that i was on my ship , adrift on the shores . 
  first , i thought it was just a bad dream , until i noticed none of my men were there , and an unknown blue-robbed figure looked over me . 
  with my mouth dry from the salty air i murmured : `` who ... are y ... '', 
  the cloaked figure smiled at me , and spoke : `` you know who i am . 
  i am he of the circle . 
  you were almost dead , but i saved you . 
  without me , you would surely still be dead . '', 
  i managed to get on my feet , and asked : `` why ? '', 
  `` because i have need of you . 
  in the lands to the east , a great monster has disturbed my cycle . 
  he does not care for what i think or what i do , and tries to destroy my work . 
  this should not be possible , but it is . 
  come , i have had my brother prepare for you new arms and armour , ones that will make you invincible to the common enemy . '', 
  i saw before me the most beautiful set of armour that i had ever laid eyes on , and it is the very same piece that i am wearing now . 
  it has served me well , and always protected me , except for with this enemy . 
  the patrons were looking flabbergasted by the strange and great stories that they were told . 
  after two hours , the owner spoke again : `` but what of this beast ? 
  what is it , and how did it bring you here ? '', 
  again , the traveller spoke . 
  i met this beast first in the far west from here , in the whrothgarian mountains . 
  it looked like a simple frost troll , but it was stronger , and had a magical radiation of death and decay around it . 
  according to the man that saved me , he was named mres . 
  i first spotted tracks that i could feel were not normal . 
  again , it looked like that of a troll , but it felt unlike it . 
  i decided to follow them , until i stumbled upon a cave . 
  there , i saw a huge frost troll , with a bad feeling coming from it . 
  i drew my sword and rushed it . 
  before it knew , its head was rolling on the ground , with its body laying lifeless next to it . 
  thinking i had won , i sheathed my sword , and turned my back to the cave . 
  just as i exited the cave , i was flung through the air , and fell down the mountain . 
  when i got to the bottom and looked up , i saw a similar creature jumping after me , only much greater in size . 
  i knew that this was mres . 
  before i could react , i found myself under the foot of this thing , and it broke every bone in my body . 
  i managed to draw my sword , and cut off the foot . 
  the monster , now wounded , fled away , and i after it . 
  `` and that is why i am here , and why i will leave in the coming hours . 
  if i can have a room to sleep a bit more , and maybe some food , i would be indebted to you . '', 
  the owner got to his food , and prepared a meal for the strange guest . 
  he was impressed by the stories , and fearful of what to come . 
  the next morning , the traveller left at earliest light . 
  he followed the trail of blood and footprints to the mountains of skyrim . 
  climbing to the top , the traveller found mres , wounded and furious . 
  as soon as both locked eyes , the fighting began . 
  limbs flew and blood spouted . 
  claws and swords entered flesh and ice and fire burned . 
  the traveller , with the last of his force , cut through the chest of mres , and with all of his strength tore out its heart . 
  mres let out a final bellowing , and crashed down the mountain side . 
  the traveller collapsed , and panting with incredible pain , saw a robed figure approaching him . 
  `` you have done well , and for that you shall always remain here , so that you may be an example for other travellers . 
  rest now , and may you find peace after this , for mres did not . 
  you shall come back to show your scars to the travelling . '', 
  even though high rock was one of the earliest provinces to accept septim rule , it was also one of the latest to be effectively ruled by the empire , mostly due to the fractured political landscape . 
  while many provinces knew some form of centralised government , high rock formed an exception , as it was ruled by small nobility ( and often greater ) , organised in various small duchies , princedoms , and kingdoms . 
  history, 
  the origin of the fractured political situation within high rock was rooted in the geography and the history of the bretons . 
  small nedic tries found their way into the rugged and harsh mountain scapes of high rock , and lived in relative isolation . 
  while it is likely that the tribes were aware of each other , and that there was some sense of cultural unity ( or alikeness , at least ) , there is no evidence , archaeological or historical , that there was any major state-forming in the area at the time . 
  this changed when elven tribes started settling the illiac bay region , most notably the direnni clan . 
  the new arrivals , mostly elven nobility and higher-ranking citizens , found it easy to subdue or win over the local population . 
  since the settling elves were in no way a unified group , the tribal structure of the high rock nedes remained largely intact . 
  over the course of centuries , the small tribes started expanding , and some conquered each other or split off from each other . 
  during the same period , the small groups started having more contact with each other , and started trading .
