  well than i wo n't add it , but thanks for the comment and sources anyway . 
  i did mention the hate towards lorkhan and talos , but thanks for clarifying it a bit more . 
  regarding the thalmor : i agree that they probably have different reasons than some deep , metaphysical law of nature . 
  still , i did say that it was hearsay ( a nod to the theories on this subreddit ), 
  yet again , just how much is this costum typically altmer ? 
  it might be just an exception ( i would n't be surprised really if sex is a strong reason for sentient life ) , but if there are sources of other ( alt ) mer having these relationships with men , you might be on to something . 
  they got told at least according to the nu-mantua transcript , but iirc they discarded it as just some crackpot moth cultist theory . 
  those altmer might be part of that new generation who does n't mind, 
  michael kirkbride . 
  he worked on some elder scrolls games , and is still active in the comunnity . 
  i heard he still knows some of the devs working on lore , and he makes a lot of forum posts with new lore subjects . 
  the tower theory comes from one of his posts . 
  still , most of it is incredibly confusing . 
  i think that the fact that the altmer won has more to do with their discipline and morale . 
  altmer society is very rigid , with a strong hierarchy , which would translate well into an army . 
  alongside this , they were in a good mood , after taking valenwood . 
  combine these two while fighting an army of an empire that is slowly crumbling away on all sides , and it is not surprising they won . 
  i think you meant bravil . 
  bruma is on the skyrim border . 
  iirc the source for the infanticide is a early , human source , which lists all sort of non-sensical stuff about the elves ( sorry i ca n't be clearer , i do n't ca n't recall the name ) . 
  it was written during a cyro-meri conflict , so it is propaganda . 
  still , the altmer seem unhealthly obsessed with racial purity , so it is not impossible for them to practise it . 
  hmm . 
  did n't think of it that way . 
  i actually designed it as sung just before the sacking of the imperial city . 
  but it might be used after the civil war just as well . 
  fossilized bigots with a scary amount of power and the will to use it, 
  yes , but tiber septim still has some ties to the nords and skyrim , not in the least since he 's dragonborn , which is a symbol for the nords . 
  msinterpretted that , but i agree with that . 
  he was emperor in cyrodiil after all, 
  i would n't call light armour a plus . 
  it comes in handy with ambushes and tactical retreats , but if i saw a nord coming at me with a battleaxe the size of a seven-year old above his head , i 'd rather wear a suit of steel ( or ebony , if availlable ) , than thin elven . 
  not saying it is useless , it just has at least the same amount of drawbacks as heavy armor . 
  well , official story is most of the soldiers who sung it are either dead or too scared for prosecution to sing it again, 
  true story is : i have no idea . 
  i ca n't read notes , let alone writing them . 
  maybe someone else with a musical background can do something ? 
  i did try to make it rythmical, 
  hmmm , well . 
  seems i messed up the rythm then . 
  did you already try not emphasising every syllable . 
  word like `` and '' and `` of '' can be shorted to '' ` nd - '' and '' ` f - '' , putting them in the next syllable . 
  just a thought , like i said , i ca n't write music, 
  ~ ~ like i said , i messed that one up , might rewrite some today ... going to be dreadful ~ ~, 
  edited it . 
  now ( if i 'm right ) all verses will be 7-7-7-8-5 ( number denoting amount of syllables ), 
  how the hell do you do this ? 
  you have so many good posts a week . 
  do n't you have anything better to do ? 
  yes , just after the oblivion crisis , argonia seceded from the empire , along with elsweyr . 
  just after that the argonians took morrowind , so it is save to say they seceded as well . 
  after that valenwood became part of the aldmeri dominion . 
  and all this almost a hundred years before the great war . 
  might have been during , but definitely not before . 
  and red mountain had already exploded , that was the whole reason the argonians could invade morrowind, 
  for as far as i know : no . 
  according to them they got the power from y' ffre . 
  there are two problems with that theory , both grounded on the fact that y' ffre is/are the earthbones . 
  the historical problem is that the earthbones are ehlnofey who became the laws of nature to stabilise mundus . 
  so the earthbones are aedra , or at least find there origin their , and not daedra . 
  the other problem is a bit more metaphysical . 
  the ehlnofey became the earthbones to make mundus regular , in stead of random ( giving everything it 's final form ) . 
  this can be considerred an anuic motive ( stopping the constant shapeshifting ) . 
  hircine is of course a daedra , who is padomaic in nature , and wants things to change . 
  now i agree that the fact y' ffre gave the wood elves the ability to start the wild hunt is confusing , but it is important to note that it is not something bosmer like talking about ( they take no pride in it ) , and it is only used when the species or valenwood itself are in serious and immidiate danger . 
  fixed it, 
  whoops , guess my english is n't that great after all, 
  tamriel is the birthplace of live , the first place where the ehlnofey and the hist settled . 
  it is also the place where the first two towers ( adimantian and red mountain ) are located , and possibly where all others are as well . 
  wow , thanks for giving me the sotw title . 
  really excited about that one !, 
  and yes , i think i joined the subreddit about three weeks ago . 
  you 'll have to do a week without me , though . 
  i 'll be leading a archeological summer camp next week . 
  ps : sorry xeno . 
  you 'll have to wait some time for the argonians . 
  i 'll be starting the human streak next week ( starting with ancestry again ) , then the hist , and then the argonians . 
  sit tight . 
  yeah , well ... 
  next threat will be on orcs ( i consider them mer ) , then kahjiit ( could-be-mer ) . 
  forgot those . 
  so is that ` just ' the games and maps , or do you get some fun collectorsshizzle with it ? 
   sounds awesome , do tell more, 
  i 'm a member of the dutch youth association for history ( dutch title is a bit different , this form of organisation does n't exist outside the lowcountries ) . 
  bassicly we organise stuff ourselves . 
  since we do archeology and excursions we are a bit more organised then the other youth associations , so there is a age difference between organisation and participants . 
  we 'll be helping at a medieavel site ( so i think ) . 
  those are actually the most fun ones to do . 
   just tell me when you 're going to write the thread . 
  will do !, 
  not saying that is n't cool . 
  i still have the map from oblivion hanging above my bed . 
  but some concept art would be nice ... 
  hey i 'm the one writing them , so i 'm the one naming them !, 
  well i share the blond hair and the love for cold hard money , so ... lannister it is . 
  you just had to ... . after five full days ... all that down the drain ... 
  well , back to pointing people to the faq, 
  you might want to discuss these things in the comunnity thread ... but it sounds like something . 
  that mourning one looked really awesome btw . 
  digged the tearlines,
