  i think they have a lot to rediscover until they could even try finding something like the pankratosword , but you are right in that that technique might be rediscovered/remade . 
  i think the system used in morrowind is more akin to a clan system in a more centralised region ( like the dying days of irish and nordic clans ) . 
  the houses hold strong ties to their families ( like in clans ) , while still being subject to a more centrelised power . 
  this centrelised power is hard to name , as morrowind was somewhat divided between thr temple and the king of morrowind , which was further complicated with the empire ( how big their influence might be ) . 
  the individual houses seem to support their own guard units ( seeing the slight difference in armour ) , but not individual laws or such , and morrowind does have a army which seems better organised than just a bunch of different house units . 
  there are multiple theories as to why the thalmor do not want talos worship . 
  the most popular theory on here is that they want to undo mundus with it . 
  since i do n't know how familiar you are with the deeper lore of tes ( the lore that is n't directly stated in the games ) , i go ahead and link you this piece form til , [ the nu-mantia intercept ] ( http://www.imperial-library.info/content/nu-mantia-intercept ) . 
  so each tower is linked to a stone , which gives it is power . 
  one of the first two towers was adamantia ( in high rock ) . 
  it 's stone ( the zero-stone ) is the impossipoint itself , the ` moment ' time became linear , also known as convention . 
  irc , when tiber septim became the god talos ( along with some other souls ) , he altered the zero-stone , changing it to convention 2.0 . 
  now , as you might be aware , the altmer , and especially the thalmor , hate the concept of mortality , seeing mundus as a prison . 
  as a result , the thalmor ant to undo mundus , by destroying all the stones of the towers . 
  with talos becoming the zero-stone , they need to destroy him in order to make mundus collapse . 
  this is done by mythopoeism . 
  in short : all aedra ( this does not apply to daedra ) are formed to what their followers believe in ( this explains the many different forms of the time-god throughout tamriel ) . 
  if there are no followers , the aedra will cease to exist . 
  the thalmor believe that by destroying talos worship , talos himself will be destroyed , and the zero-stone with him . 
  now , in my honest opinion , there is a problem with the aforementioned theory , namely that the thalmor are aware that a single tower is not capable of supporting mundus , and that all other stones are easier to destroy ( the protagonists of daggerfall , morrowind and oblivion all destroyed a stone ) . 
  trying this hard to destroy a stone that in itself is n't necessary seems to be a waste of good time . 
  i personally believe something not very different from what you believe . 
  i believe it is the destruction of a symbol . 
  the altmer detest men , because of the way they venerate lorkhan ( or shezzar , or shor , depending on the region ( see mythopoeism ) ) , who they hold responsible for their mortality and loss of divinity . 
  by destroying a god which is venerated by men , and is a man , is another act of war , namely to demoralise your opponent . 
  but , like anything in the tes universe , you should take these two theories with a bit more than a grain of salt . 
  hmm did n't think of it that way . 
  still , i 'm not fully convinced of towers on other continents . 
  tamriel is after all the single most important continent , as all life originated there . 
  you 're right in stating that the the gods change due to the different traditions surounding them . 
  however , i do not believe the ehlnofey were shards of the same et ` ada as the aedra . 
  i base this of the fact that some things in the tes universe are already named as shards , namely the dragons ( of aka ) and the shezzarines ( of lorkhan ) . 
  i think mythopoeism comes from the sundering of the gods due to creation , making them unable to function purely on their own power , having to resort to the power of their worshippers . 
  i like to explain that with the fact that there are many aedra who have been forgotten , while still seeing no effect of that on nirn . 
  edit : typo 's, 
  that could be it . 
  it would explain where the ( shaping ) power comes from . 
  that is a great oversimplification . 
  the thalmor do not only hate it that talos was a man , but also that he took over lorkhan 's sphere . 
  yet that does n't explain their problem fully either . 
  the thalmor do not concern themselves with things that do n't affect them ( that is why they do n't go around killing every nord they see , just because they worship shor and talos ) . 
  they are after talos for a different reason , presumebly one of the reasons stated in this thread , or multiple , or all of them . 
  the thalmor are too srewed to go after something that just rustles their hair , like talos being a man . 
  no problem , mate, 
  that was what i like to ask as well . 
  i would love to see some deep-lore mention of yokuda or sword-singing , like in the swordmeeting with vivec . 
  well i was really thinking of him being gilvas barelo , but if it makes sense that it is the same b as at the trial , why not ? 
  that 's one pro of not using names . 
  edit : since i had n't fully read the trial , i was kind of bluffing my way out of the b thing . 
  no , i did n't mean to imply it was the same one as in the trial . 
  this b is a dissident priest in any case . 
  that is why m asks to send their warmest regards to all priests . 
  i agree with you . 
  the `` fight-till-you-die '' idea of the nords is not the best way for a big empire . 
  while the nords see that as weak , titus probably did the best thing by signing the white-gold concordat . 
  that way he retained some form of power and dignity . 
  fighting the aldmeri dominion is suicide at the moment , and will probably stay that way for some time . 
  keeping some form of influence , even how small , is politically the best solution , even though the nords might disagree . 
  but by what way ? 
  i can imagine the medes taking the empire by force ( as tiber septim bassicaly did as well ) . 
  the council accepting him as the empire would n't be that hard : we see in our universe that at times of need , a strong leader is chosen , mostly leading to even more disaster , but that aside . 
  if there were to be a second great war , the empires screwed . 
  we do n't know the exact extend of the aldmeri dominion 's power , but we do know that it far supersedes the lingering imperial might . 
  the empire has lost their influence ; what was once a mighty politically and military power , is now nothing more than a shadow . 
  the altmer are far better organised , and have far better strategists , while the empire is stuck with three provinces who are united not nearly powerful enough to sort out their own problems , let alone a continent-wide conflict . 
  i do n't see the empire recovering any time soon , especially with the aldmeri dominion near . 
  are there actually people on this subreddit that practise any sports ? 
  yes i said [ sports ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y6vba_hhlwi&amp;app=desktop ), 
  backpacking ? 
  you mean like going into the woods for a few days , or like hitchhiking-through-europe-style, 
  this would give strength to the merish idea of mundus being a prison . 
  personally , i think the spirits in sovngarde are nothing more than the collective memory of the nords , which would also strenghen the idea of the mortals being lesser aedra , as their power shapes other ` mortals ' ( namely the hero 's of sovnegarde ) . 
  i do n't think the daedra would wish to weaken the aedra . 
  some might , like boethiah and dagon , seeing their spheres , but most princes would n't really care , i think . 
  anyway sounds interesting . 
  we could write a post about it . 
  english sports . 
  it says that above the clip ... 
  i 'm not very familiar with american topography , but that sounds like quite the distance . 
  sounds awesome . 
  two friends of my went cycling from rotterdam to rome his year . 
  since they were n't that smart , they brought along just a lot of money , which did cause some problems in switzerland . 
  pure comedy gold . 
  if you have ever played cricket or ( my favourite ) rugby , you 'll know that the sketch is n't all that farfetched, 
  there might have been a elder scroll detailing the ldb prophecy , but the one you hear at the teaser/trailer is from alduin 's wall , though . 
  there is a lot of prejudice under the individual races of tamriel , but i do n't know about any major pogroms , in the traditional sense ( not referring to jews , per se , but one prominent group against a smaller , trotted down one ) . 
  there have been many conflicts regarding race , though . 
  something which would come closest to a pogrom would be the persecution of the ayleid during the alessian wars ( eventhough the ayleids still had standing armies , and some city-states were allowed to coexist ) . 
  there have also been many conflicts which would appear like they were about race . 
  the two examples i would like to name are the razings of orsinium , and the argonian assault following the red year . 
  both could be explained by other circumstances . 
  in case of the orcs , it would be because of the way high rock was organised ( many different kingdoms ) . 
  when the orcs claim a piece of land , they automatically claim land already in possession by someone else . 
  using excuses like ` they are different from us ' is then mostly used to rally troops ( still , there was a surprisingly big force involved with the razings ) . 
  in the case of the argonians annexing morrowind , we do n't know the reason . 
  revenge is often cited , but that is n't how argonians work . 
  they are led by the hist , but what the hist exactly want or think is anyone 's guess . 
  ulfric might be a tongue , but he is n't nearly powerful enough to break the dragon itself . 
  i do n't think even a dragonborn would be powerful enough with just a shout . 
  being a shard of akatosh , that would be against their own nature , would n't it .
