  [ ] ( / this ), 
  ftfy, 
  we all want to jump on the gold ... 
  i mean chold train , wo n't we ? 
  ( chold ? 
  what would be the truetsl equivalent ? ), 
   the elder scrolls games do in a way acknowledge the existence of save games , reloads , etc. 
  ( i encourage you to read the columns written on the subjects ... fascinating stuff . ), 
  they label these time skip events as `` dragon breaks '', 
  you seem to underestimate the power of dragon breaks here . 
  they are n't jumps back in time , but cataclysmic events that can make the impossible possible . 
  a save game undoes anything happening after the save , while a dragon break does not have to be retro-active ( as with the warp in the west ) . 
   astion 's analysis comes to the conclusion that the dwemer , through the power of the heart , were as a race spirited away to the plane of oblivion and there , met their ultimate fate . 
  have you read the faq ? 
  we ** know ** the dwemer merged with the skin of the numidium . 
  i see no reason why they would be warped to oblivion ; lorkhan is n't daedric , and the dwemer disdained the daedra . 
  also , why mehrunes dagon ? 
  he has nothing to do with the dwemer , and he is n't the most powerful daedra out there . 
  also , the traits you listed of the dremora could very well be attributed to the orcs as well . 
  yagrum survived because he was in the outer realms when everything with the heart went down . 
  he was n't in mundus , and i doubt that the influence of lorkhan can extend to beyond it . 
  he only contracted corprus years later , during his travels . 
  this disease is what kept him alive until at least the events of morrowind . 
  i do n't want to come of as an asshole by bashing this down , but a lot of the information here is clearly wrong . 
  i advise you to play morrowind , read the faq and the compilation , and explore uesp and til a bit . 
  i already stated it on / r/teslore , but i 'll do it again . 
  dragon breaks are immensely powerful events . 
  they are n't just simply having characters jump back in time , but having all events possible and impossible happening at once . 
  they are not ways of time travel , but the shattering of time itself , having everything stop going linear in the break itself . 
  mostly the faq , which is based of dozens of in game books and oog texts ( mostly written by mk ) . 
  also , the events and dialogue in morrowind is a good source . 
  if you want to get a clearer picture , you should look those up ( mostly because we ca n't even begin to link that all ), 
   downvote a comment when : it claims other information is false without providing a correction, 
  do n't want to be an asshole , but we should try to be a bit ... nice, 
  those are n't fan theories though . 
  those are based of in game text and developer commentaries . 
  how compelling this theory might seem , it is stroking against those sources, 
  what the hell did you think it was ? 
  i can hear a voice in my head scream and cry, 
  i have two questions actually : one lore related , the other game design related . 
  first the lore one ; what caused vivec 's duality ? 
  about game design : what education did you have before you started , and where ? 
  did it help you at all ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  another question :, 
  what caused the wanderers and old ehlnofey to split ? 
  what was the cause of their war ? 
  so that would be if creation was a good decision or not , right ? 
  ( would fit that way ), 
  ( out of character : that is a reference to the sidebar of / r/teslore . 
  this place was set-up by and is regularly visited by teslore people to joke about the elder scrolls . 
  honoustly , it is better to not take anything said or posted here to literal . ), 
  look , i can imagine it does n't feel good if your theory is ridiculised like that , and i apologize for the comments on / r/fantheories ( not for the ones on / r/teslore , though . 
  i stand behind those ) . 
  my point is , you are debating with people who are using their own logic . 
  if you do n't like this post , message the mods , or pm op , but do n't call people out in the thread itself ; that does n't work . 
  if you want to discus it , i advise to comment on your / r/teslore thread . 
  we can come of as cold and elitist at first , but we can be quite nice eventually , 
  and kill your children afterwards . 
  very important, 
  well then , have fun in the shithole . 
  was fun !, 
  well , i certainly had a laugh, 
  ( ooc : if you 're gon na act butthurt on a public subreddit designed for jokes and mockery , people 'll act like assholes ), 
  bit late , man . 
  we have been done for four hours now . 
  `` in their tongue , he is op ; faggotborn '', 
  ( cue skyr [ e ] m music ), 
   ` for i have crushed a world with my left hand , ' he will say , ` but in my right hand is how it could have won against me . ', 
  does this ... does this mean vivec had two copies ? 
  possibly a mix of both :p, 
  sithis and anui-el are what drive padomay and anu . 
  they are the souls : not conscious , but they do affect anu and padomay . 
  how would you see that , then ? 
  i have my own theories , but i 'm curious for yours, 
  aetherium is linked to aetherius , and not mundus , though . 
  the stones that we know of seem to be either linked to lorkhan or the aedra , and not aetherius . 
  regarding the choices you make as the player : the thig we assume is that it is performed by the db , but not necessairliy by the dragonborn . 
  the night mother 's identity is n't really clear , but [ sermon 22 ] ( http://uesp.net/wiki/lore:the_36_lessons_of_vivec#sermon_twenty-two ) has some ineteresting things about it . 
  my problem is , that magnus had layed of all his relations to mundus . 
  he made the plans , but left then . 
  lorkhan is bound to mundus ( his heart was on nirn , and his body is the moons ) . 
  aetherian powers might be potent , but i do n't think they would be able to uphold mundus on their own , purely because their nature is n't mundic . 
  hmm , magnus could do something , perhaps . 
  and , yeah , there were more referrences than usual . 
  the second one was bad , but i liked the fact that vader made the rebellion . 
  he also was the eventual killer of the emperor , so i like the line in this ( i.e. 
  he had always tried to undo the empire ), 
  you can try [ pushing ] it over , but you need a decent level in [ strength ] for that . 
  also , the [ fall damage ] might drop your mount 's hp below usable levels , if it had any to start with . 
  your best bet is to pm another player with the [ towing ] profession . 
  `` now you can also achieve chim in the bath ! '', 
  the fact that this has a downvote makes me wonder if i should click this link ... 
  edit : false alarm, 
  of course you can accept whatever you like . 
  however , most people on here and within the community in general agree on the fact that mk 's work should be considered canon . 
  you should understand that this does n't mean you can call out people because they quote mk . 
  the majority agrees on the fact that his work is canon , and that is assumed for every debate on here . 
  also , keep in mind that he was one of , if not the most important writers of the tes lore . 
  some recognision of this should be in place .
