  ah yes the lorkhan crowd . 
  in most religions , they are dead as well ( or at least lorkhan and sep , shezzar is missing ) . 
  i do n't know what happened to lorkhaj or sheor , but shor was interestingly missing from sovngard in skyrim . 
  you 've been dirty , / u/mr _ flippers, 
  retaking it costs a lot of resources and men , but then you do have a guarentee of troops . 
  while striking a deal at the time of skyrim might seem easier , the nords can break any promisr at will . 
  since i do n't know the exact conditions of the gold-white concordate , a deal might be impossible alltogether, 
  but he has my vote !, 
  alright , it 's 3 am , and i 'm tired , so here goes nothing . 
  lorkhan is the one responsible for creation , that which created the amaranth . 
  because of this , it is only logical that , the dreamer should ` marry ' with his help , as he reached his destiny with the same help . 
  the heart-cage is probably the enantiomorphic link between lorkhan and akatosh . 
  it might also symbolise the aedra 's binding to mundus . 
  the dragon eating its own tail is the end of time , which makes way for a new world . 
  the wound is healed , and lorkhan is whole again . 
  the void-ghost finished his book , and mundus has served its purpose . 
  well , i 'm going to bed now . 
  that entirely depends on whose side your on . 
  seeing the history of the reach , they * are * more or less hot air , and bassicaly skyrim 's bitch . 
  and yes , i did base it on real epics , but mostly the irish t\u00e1in ( i did read the illiad and parts of the odyssey , so some things might shine through ) . 
  what do you exactly mean with ` good ' . 
  the aedra are n't really placed on a moral line , although some deities are seen in a positive light . 
  this has more to do with how their spheres relate to the respective culture , and less with their disposition . 
  the sun and stars in the tes are holes to aetherius , which radiates magicka , which is raw potential . 
  it could be seen as energy in a real-world physical sense . 
  in our universe , the sun does n't directly heat the earth . 
  light only turns to heat when it hits a surface ( that is why mountain tops are cold . 
  they might get more sun-hours , being above the clouds , but they have a smaller surface than a plain for instance ( note : humidity and air pressure play a role as well , but let 's keep this simple for the sake of an example ) ) . 
  magicka might have the same function . 
  it is potential that , without having any life to tap from it , turns into heat . 
  life grows from this magicka . 
  it is part of the tes-universe as light is in ours . 
  being potent in magic has more to do with one 's ability to tap from this energy , than from being able to absorb it . 
  final note : take this with a grain of salt . 
  some physical phenomena work the same in tes , but not all . 
  mundus might just be heated because it is , or because of the friction of the wheels of lull . 
  as in strong and skilled ? 
  i do n't see auri-el being a deity that really cares about that , having the aldmer attitude of `` all mortals are petty '' . 
  still , there are not that many sources on him ( or they are unclear ) , so it could play a role . 
  people have forgotten memory , so c0da being a replacement seems interesting . 
  musical references are strong throughout the elder scrolls , and c0da has a lot of those . 
  a coda is a build up towards the end of a song , or the end of a repetitive section ( my musical knowledge is n't that strong , sorry for that ) , but it has a strong hint at ending nonetheless , which fit with the fact that c0da is the last events of the aurbis as we know it . 
  we also have the wheels of lull , which are tied to memory . 
  they are the last ` tune ' the amaranth hears before he goes to sleep . 
  the thing is that i ca n't think of any reason why an orc could n't be a dragonborn . 
  dragonborn hold a more important role in cyro-nordic culture , sure . 
  still , those were the only main cultures to be in contact with dragons during their early history ( i do n't know of orc sources from about that time ) . 
  since the dragonborn do n't show their power until absorbing a dragon 's soul , or being called by the greybeards , there is a good chance of a lot of dragonborn simply not knowing they were dragonborn . 
  the orcs have a strong military/warrior tradition . 
  melee combat is best combat , and ranged should only be used if a target is really out of reach . 
  poison and probably healing magic are for petty mer and men , since they do not reflect a true warrior 's strength . 
  still , those are traditional stronghold orcs . 
  gortwog , the guy behind orsinium , was a very good diplomate , for instance , and was able to broker alliances and cease-fires by bargaining , and not combat . 
  he even came close to making orsinium a province . 
  in orsinium , or more imperialised areas ( including diaspora ) , roles might be different . 
  these orcs do n't have to rely on their own strength or hunting skills to survive , and might persue things like magic or poetry . 
  there might be orcs in the strongholds that share the same sentiment , as they are , of course , all individuals . 
  edit : seems my skyrim lore is lacking . 
  thank for the corrections . 
  i think so , but that is me . 
  like i said , physics work differently sometimes . 
  we know that there is an analogue of our atom that causes a huge burst of energy when split ( the atomos being split by the pankratosword , which sunk yokuda ) . 
  on the other hand , we have the plane ( t ) s of mundus hovering in random circles through the space in between , not giving a fuck about our laws of gravity . 
  maybe magicka is just energy in the tes universe ( which i personally can get behind ) , maybe it is not . 
  tl ; dr : it is never explained , but possible . 
  from what i know , they were n't in the picture around arena and daggerfall . 
  the first outright mention of them is in the nu-mantia intercepts , which are from just before the release of oblivion . 
  they do allude to things that were earlier in the series , and i think the lessons ( featured in morrowind ) refer to the same concept . 
  a lot of the times it is not clear if everything was designed as such by writers , or if they were happy accidents . 
  edit : should 've stated that this was about towers . 
  i do n't know about landfall . 
  this . 
  magicka is a force of nature , so using that to get to your goal is like using air pressure or combustion . 
  the force is different , but the principle remains . 
  the problem is that we do n't know the exact magical abilities of the farmers and other common folk . 
  magic might be something you can be trained in ( like building a shed , or something ) , or it might actually be a talent only some people have . 
  the mages guild and college of winterhold sell enchantment to bassicaly anyone , so we can assume at least that is n't a common skill . 
  on the other hand , the mages guild sells spells to most people walking in , so some form of magical affinity is common . 
  hehe, 
  that 's the third fucking bot today !, 
  wooh , scholar of the week , and a dutch victory at the world cup !, 
  and i 'm not drunk for the first time when i get this !, 
  i have n't been very active in the past days due to work , the world cup ( these two are somewhat related ) , and irregular bowel movements . 
  i plan on posting another chapter in the coming days ( i plan on three more chapters to the rape , maybe four ) . 
  also , fuck costa rica and their football . 
  wankers killing the game for a good 2 hours , aiming for the penalties . 
  i 'm glad oranje won . 
  seeing the coming matches , i am fairly sure the netherlands will win the world cup , not because of skill , but because of faith . 
  they beat spain ( fellow finalist in 2010 , 1-0 ) , and are up against argentina now ( 1978 , 3-1 ) , taking in mind that germany ( 1974 , 2-1 ) stands a much better change against brazil . 
  they have the chance to , fourty years after the first finale , beat their former rivals and finally get the cup . 
  the netherlands is now walking the path the enemy put before them , but they walk anyway , which can only mean one thing . 
  actually , oranje has a better record against brazil ... so bring it !, 
  i have the banner problem as well , but i can still use the search bar without problem . 
  ` the past kalpa ' thing is pretty controversial , and stems from yokuda `` being in the past '' . 
  some say this means another kalpa . 
  i do n't know if that would qualify them for the dreugh , as those have different origin stories tied to them ( other group of elves , altmer sea mages ) . 
  some say it is an entire different dream altogether . 
  this comes from the past-future axle idea from yokuda , through tamriel , to akavir . 
  mk mentioned tosh raka as a possible flower-child ( the product of the amaranth ) . 
  if this is the case , than the dreughs might be a corruption or a copy of a thing in the previous dream , which might point toward the left-handed elves .
