and yet , frankfurt 's skyline  all the other cities, 
  was gon na say that . . 
  although yes , berlin is the capital , frankfurt 's skyline is the skyline of germany , period . 
  they promised bratwurst . 
  the article does n't specify race , language , or origin . . 
  this `` derecho de admission '' is only against certain clothes , drunk people or violent people ... 
  there 's a couple of bars in where smoking is allowed - the whole bar , not areas - and some where there 's smoking section , as well as full non smoking bars . 
  there is also a mall where you can smoke anywhere except inside stores . . after you leave , you reek of cigarettes, 
  you could ban a certain sect of the religion or consider their activities criminal when they incite violence and hate ... 
  well the problem is that salafism is not actually brought by middle eastern immigration , it 's created internally ... the main leader of the salafists in germany for example it 's a german dude , pierre vogel ( born near cologne ) . 
  he somehow got into the stupid salafist stuff and started propagating it . 
  it 's more like , extremist religions , such as this one , should be banned for inciting violence . 
  he has a keen interest in [ transdniester ] ( http://www.miamiherald.com/2014/03/26/4020592/as-russia-grasps-crimea-questions.html ), 
  ha , nazi guilt only of works from hypercube israel . . 
  yea , someone got anschlu\u00df-happy there ... crimea , now moldova , what 's next ? 
  ireland is out of the bailout , so they paid all their moneys to germoney . 
  also crazy irish in german is a homophone , and almost a homonym `` der irre ire '' edit : read polandball for more infos , plox, 
  * crazy irish * is of good , du hast of moneys repaid . 
  gib money or burger will be anschlu\u00df, 
  kurwa indeed . . polandball will be so happy . 
  it 's kinda old [ news ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-23282308 ), 
  well , russia bought shitloads of typing machines to avoid spying by the nsa . 
  they type old school again . 
  also there 's no good explanation for the uvb 76, 
  but but america has the best healthcare in the world, 
  germoney gib money plox, 
  corruption , restriction of free speech , perfect ways of showing interest in joining the eu, 
  i think they deny their existence as well, 
  if they can fix their current corrupt system , but it does n't seem to be happening . 
  also , there 's some ahem , denial issues with armenia . 
  yup . . specially because u need 2 different sets of words . 
  one for your reports/discuss with other doctors and one for your patient . 
  the typical gastroenteritis . 
  for your patient that is `` magengrippe '' and for the docs is `` entz\u00fcndung der darmschleimhaut '' . 
  there 's a lot of technical vocabulary that you just ca n't use with a non medicine related person . 
  wow for a doctor they only require a b2 ? 
  i agree , b2 is good enough , but i would n't say good enough for dr. heck , universities ask for a c1 or test-daf . . howcome they only need a b2 ? 
  it is not my country , but live happily here . 
  also , yeah , pretty much every country has their own dark past and of course germany has a fucked up past , but not because of what happened , they should not have rules to what a society should do or not . 
  i was talking more about bringing shit as separate classrooms , the `` jihad patrols '' like in london , men scorting women everywhere , idiots yelling at women for being `` western whores '' , etc. 
  also , most of the romanian doctors already are on this side :p, 
  iranians like that are usually minorities that had to leave iran ( i.e. 
  bahais ) and they are usually from wealthy educated families . 
  they have no problems with integration at all, 
  the 2nd generation turks , the ones who were born in germany , still have big integratin problems . 
  they are confused whether to pledge allegiance to their culture , and therefore think all the white germans hate them ( and they do n't see themselves as german ) , or to act like normal germans with parts of their culture ( not eating pork , etc ) and to be seen like sellouts . 
  it is true sadly though , most people do n't hate turks , but they do n't like them either . 
  there are only a few of them who really get the integration , go to school , uni , get a job , etc. 
  the other ones are the typicall yelling assis in the train yelling stupid stuff ( curiously speaking worse german than a real immigrant ) and drinking beer . 
  they usually get turned down . 
  like that girl , whose parents wanted a gender separate swimming class , and court told them , yea , that 's not how it works in this country . 
  if there are any sort of changes like that , is just because there 's obviously a demand for it , and people will pay for it . 
  language classes just for women instead of mixed . 
  they also bring their intolerant views to western traditions or culture, 
  hehehe . . another problem was , that the canteen machines ( we dont pay with cash , we pre-load money in our id cards ) would n't take the 5e bills . . so , yea it got a little problematic . 
  still first world problem i know x_x, 
  our vending machines at work would n't take the new 5 $ , it toook them forever to fix it . . 
  sven v\u00e4th, 
  i dont even know if he 's here . . jailed im sure he could if proven , deported . . not really ... 
  i 've just heard a little , because here in frankfurt there are also some salafists causing trouble . 
  a lot of this salafists are german nationals , not only from muslim families ... just idiots in general . 
  i think the main dude of the salafists is some german dude actually, 
  a wonderful island w wonderful beer, 
  lol . . those words he mentions are really not that used , unless , you are a sailor . 
  streichholzschachtel yea , that can get complicated lol ... 
  pasta with sriracha and cheese . 
  win, 
  i do the same too , but i add equal portion ketchup and sriracha !!!, 
  italians make awesome pizza here in germany ... 
  if you do 2015 without middle you see frankfurt is 2nd place, 
  well . . i was told by an economics professor last week , that the moment a country enteres the eurozone , they are giving away their monetary sovereignity to the union , that means , no , they ca n't start printing their own currency again , and they pretty much have no control over their central bank . 
  that means , this plan b could have never happened , and , that greece 's central bank had never the power to issue ious or print drachmas, 
  one of the best comedies i 've ever watched . 
  also any movie by julio medem, 
  little town germans are afraid of frankfurt because it 's the city with the highest crime in the country . 
  in reality is a very safe city and you 're right , frankfurt is a very interesting city , full of foreigners that give it a very cool twist imo ( and crack fiends , we got a lot of those ), 
  as an asylum seeker you mean ? 
  or the normal immigration process, 
  well she 's not being deported per se . . asylum seekers just ca n't stay in the country forever . 
  i live in frankfurt . 
  i like the skyline ( i myself work in one of the skyscrapers ) . 
  after a long day , going to the 50th floor in the evening is a great view but then i think it depends on the city . 
  definitely skyscrapers on every city would be a weird thing, 
  i actually think the grexit sounds like a better deal than this . 
  thanks for the long reply . 
  what i do n't get , is about the bread and milk markets . . were the prices capped by the govt ? 
  that they were not considered privatized ? 
  what are the `` humilliating '' points of the negotiation that greece had to accept ? 
  sorry i missed the video feed : /, 
  as i said ... 
  he lied , the banks in greece will be closed tuesday and wednesday . 
  well . 
  it happened . . 
  the banks are still closed . . 
  he indeed lied, 
  i do n't know why should european taxpayers should keep tolerating this ab absurdum, 
  well you got ta understand , the people who have to pay for those bailouts ( taxpayers ) are getting frustrated because the money packets are not doing anything . 
  greece did a referendum whether to take or not take the actual conditions , why are n't the people from ireland , germany , holland , etc being asked whether they wan na keep using their tax money for the brave greeks ? 
  of course frustration turns into hate and irrationality , but that is to be expected ... or should the other europeans keep throwing money just out of their good heart and for the sake if the eu ? 
  as a german resident who pays taxes , i honestly wonder if i want my tax money to be used like that,
