and if yellow girls are racist , should they lose their `` breeding privilege '' also ? 
  there 's a problem ? 
  i went to the wiki , and indeed great pox is syphilis , but found no reference to lover 's pox . 
  in game , there 's only the mention of `` unsightly blisters '' , so i suppose it makes sense , yeah . 
  my bad , i 'll edit my post . 
  aww , no one called it ~ ~ `` lover 's pox '' ~ ~ `` great pox '' ? 
  did ck2 lie to me ? 
  and then to get rid of the snake population , they can bring in mongooses . 
  why would you do that when all you need is [ cats ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/cats-kill-billions-of-birds-and-mammals-each-year-2014-12 ) ? 
   and the morons on the streets who hate the socialist party for the sake of hating it ( i 'm not a huge of them myself either ) but you work for them nonetheless , do n't you ? 
  this guy 's post is full of misinformation , and at best , he 's an apologist for the corrupt regime that made all of us `` morons '' get out into the street , in the cold and the dark , to try to take back our country from the grasp of kleptocracy . 
   the sketch itself does n't attack the ridiculous isis ideology really ? 
  so it does n't attack the way women are baited into going there , to slave for the men , cleaning and cooking , while occasionally being used as bomb delivery devices ? 
  the conditions they live in , and how they rank lower than some abstract idea of 40 virgins ? 
  did we both watch the same trailer ? 
  so , i just said that criticism is fine , but i 'm advocating tyranny . 
  great argument . 
  you know who else were socialists ? 
  and nazis . 
  there . 
  that 's how a conversation devolves when you do n't make sense . 
   are people dying to be a part of europe for the reasons socialists criticize europe ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  of course not , but it should be an indication of just how precious this ... let 's call it alliance , really is . 
  i got no problem with criticism , but i do have a problem with actions that weaken europe as a whole . 
   honestly this seems more like right-wing populism . 
  well , right-wingers can be socialists too . 
   soviets are n't around any longer are n't they ? 
   the parties i see sucking vlad 's dick tend to be far-right . 
  yes , this is true . 
  but i was n't talking about a right vs. left thing , though you 're right about the left usually siding with europe and the right siding with russia . 
  it 's simpler than that , it 's the west vs. the east . 
  it 's free speech vs. censorship . 
  democracy vs. kleptocracy . 
  truth vs. propaganda . 
  west vs. east . 
  now , you 're referring to socialists criticizing europe for ... whatever reasons . 
  economic policy or whatever . 
  you got ta understand that their voices get mixed with the other , louder voices , that want to shit on eu law but still have access to the single market , for example . 
  or those that say the west is a hate-fueled propaganda machine , meant to fuck russia over . 
  that 's the thing , criticism is nuanced , and it 's one thing to want to improve europe , and entirely another to just shit on it . 
  you also got ta understand those people that want to be in europe , but are n't , and what the european dream is all about . 
  not living in fear all the time , not worry about tomorrow , being able to read truth , not propaganda , to say what you want to say , not what you have to say , to enjoy a bit of prosperity and being rewarded for your work . 
  an end to corruption and kleptocracy . 
  protection against foreign powers that can invade you on a whim . 
  that 's what europe means in the east . 
  that 's what socialists should think about , that their privilege to criticize europe comes from european values . 
  and there 's nothing wrong with criticism , and they should be encouraged to criticize to their heart 's content , but you know . . nuance . 
  just do n't shit on europe . 
   so socialists need to renounce their principles and ideology because people are fighting a war somewhere ? 
  no , but it should give them pause . 
  i have principles , you have principles , everyone has principles . 
  it 's nice to have principles . 
  but if your principles go against an institution that some other people are dying to be part of , that deserves some thought . 
  because we , as a species , take a lot of things for granted . 
   disagree with the economical principles of europe sure they can . 
  but it 's different when they 're shitting on the whole deal . 
  i mean , they 're free to do anything . 
  they 're free to leave europe and not give a fuck about anyone , anywhere . 
  i got no problem with that . 
  sure , i 'll call them shitheads and other names , but hey , live and let live . 
   using the suffering of a people at war to take a cheap jab at your political adversaries if those political adversaries are sucking soviet cock and using rhetoric that belongs in the past , reminding them that countless people are hurting and dying because of said cock and rhetoric is actually an excellent point , not a cheap jab . 
   fun fact : sweden has a coalision of four parties that calls themselves the alliance . 
  humans , dwarves , night elves and gnomes ? 
  unfortunately , i get a timeout error when trying to access that domain . 
  le : the hosting server seems to be in a faraway land , multiple refreshes did it for me , the site loaded . 
   that 's not 2016-y , that 's voter fatigue . 
  brexit would 've been different if young people would 've voted also . 
  i 'd say it 's very 2016-y . 
   because if you 're thinking of usr , they actually did very well , coming in third place considering they 're a bunch of outsiders who did n't even exist until a few months ago . 
  i was thinking of them , yes . 
  they could 've done better , if youngsters would give their support in the voting booth , not just facebook . 
  the difference this year was that we actually had a reasonable option . 
  a decent party , and a decent prime minister . 
  we did n't have that back then . 
  so , in my view , voting was n't optional anymore . 
  if could understand people not voting in the past , now , i just ca n't . 
  you present the people with the option of a clean political class and they just do n't give a shit . 
  i 'd say it 's quite 2016-y . 
   what should we , russians fight for ? 
  for yourselves . 
  you have more power than putin or the oligarchs ever will . 
  if you and others like you will not tolerate propaganda , censorship , corruption and all that , then it 's up to you . 
  yes , it 's very hard to create a new political class , it took romania some 20 years after the revolution to finally have an option . 
  20 years for a handful of `` clean '' people . 
  i understand what you 're saying better than you think , and i say to you , do n't give up . 
  there are other paths the russians can walk , putin 's way is not the only way , and you can be just as strong as today as a country , but with friends instead of opponents . 
  the soviet government ( moscow , kremlin , however the fuck you want to call it ) , stole from everyone . 
  including russians . 
  nowhere did i say otherwise . 
  so before asking others to educate themselves , learn to fucking read . 
  i was just answering to your misinformation . 
  in your post , you seem to equate independence from ussr with shitty standards of living . 
  you 're saying that after the soviet bloc collapsed , and those tiny countries broke off , they got shittier , while the great russia lives better . 
  this is wrong on so many levels i do n't even know where to start . 
  but okay , let 's try . 
  first and foremost , you do know why there was such poverty all around the ussr , right ? 
  the state taking as much as it could from the people and keeping it for themselves or exporting it , and all that jazz ? 
  do you think that has no long term effects ? 
  oh , you were talking about the `` late '' ussr , well , guess what , everything stalin pulled in the past had an effect on the `` late '' ussr .
