the israeli embassy in ireland is pretty shitty , it seems . 
  we love you too , scotland . 
  they 'll be doing shirts next . 
  available in two colours , black or brown . 
  as if these cunts would find a nazi uniform to be ` taboo . ', 
  it 's probably their sunday best . 
  i love iceland . 
  cheekily peeking in there , watching the rest of us . 
  andorra , hungary , netherlands , and the united kingdom are my favourites . 
  this is pretty much the anarchism subreddit perfectly encapsulated . 
  have you not checked out the anarchism subreddit lately then ? 
  thanks . 
  anyone got an image with less jpeg ? 
  i do n't think shooting was the preferred method . 
  ahh i should have guessed . 
  thanks !, 
  what does reino unido mean , though ? 
  i 'm hoping it means rain island . 
  psst . 
  it 's a fake flier . 
  nothing will do that short of a bloody global revolution , but that will only make things worse . 
  rioters do n't want to talk . 
  have you just escaped from the heart of gold ? 
  he rolls deep . 
  i 've never been to paris , but literally everyone i know who has says it smells of piss . 
  surely it ca n't be true . 
  we just wanted to see if we could get you to copy us . 
  i have bad news for you then . 
  already have !, 
  went to borovets for a snow holiday . 
  everyone was lovely . 
  i would n't put it past the cia though . 
  hah , right ? 
  i 'll remember that one . 
  people who call for violent revolution only ever want to * be * the ones in power . 
  reality is crushing disappointment !, 
  you learn to deal with it or we beat you . 
  bnp ? 
  essentially marxists . 
   the room was equipped with cookies , coloring books , bubbles , play-doh , calming music , pillows , blankets and a video of frolicking puppies so it 's basically playschool . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  i would n't know . 
  i did n't buy it . 
  do n't have a ps4 . 
  and apparently it was boring flavourless mush disguised as a aaa game . 
  i call bullshit , he is clearly off to pick up his new clockwork repeating rifle from nikola tesla 's zeppelin laboratory . 
  vote in politicians with different financial policies if you do n't like it . 
  you only have yourself to blame . 
   your baby-like sensitivity is scaring me . 
  the irony of this sentence . 
  god you 're awful . 
  both statements are equally retarded . 
  the whole line , taken as it is , is dangerous . 
  `` listen and believe . '', 
  where do you stop believing ? 
  who do you listen to ? 
   you drew a retarded , misleading conclusion from my post , let me clarify further :  1 . 
  a male can very easily be abused by anyone , male or female . 
  a man who is a man can not be physically abused by the average female , because he wo n't allow her to do it . 
  so yeah , you 're saying that being abused is still the man 's fault because it means his not masculine enough . 
  no one drew a retarded conclusion , you made a retarded post . 
  nothing wrong with a dacia . 
  they 're good cars . 
  yeah , the remainers are the retards in this scenario . 
  wonderful . 
  i can be both . 
  still lost . 
  that 's a fair point , but at the same time i support an eu-level armed forces rather than a simple national one . 
  why would the eu economy suddenly collapse without us troops stationed here ? 
   one us carrier ( just the boat ) represents 1 % of sweden 's annual gdp . 
  and yet one of sweden 's subs ` sank ' a us carrier while remaining undetected during wargames in the pacific . 
  soooo if i had to choose ... 
  we 've got the capability to do that . 
  why do they need to spend this arbitrary amount ? 
  yep , fair point , the eu as an entity only founded in 1993 , but the uk joined the proto-eu in [ 1973 , ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6c/evolution_of_the_european_union_smil.svg ) which was called the eec back then . 
  no , but [ this historian ] ( https://www.quora.com/what-would-a-war-between-the-eu-and-russia-look-like ) is . 
  i do n't know exactly but it 's been quite a long time . 
  i 'm not , but i am also not stupid enough to think someone on youtube is a good source for anything except uninformed opinions . 
  doubt that one extensively . 
  why would it cost * us * hundreds of billions ? 
  we have the benefit of being the home ground ? 
  `` upcoming war '' holy shit mate this is not a fucking tom clancy novel stop jerking off your ar-16, 
  he 's a youtube talking head and an expert on exactly zero things , particularly to do with the eu . 
  taking his word over an expert is exactly what got us * into * this position . 
  china and russia teaming up to take on the eu ? 
  and you think * i 'm * delusional ? 
  sorry what are you driving at here ? 
  not really . 
  quality  quantity and all that . 
   if sargon of akkad is anything to go by he 's not, 
  why do you think the eu would be scared of russia ? 
  serious question . 
  russia , economically , is n't doing so great , while the eu 's is booming . 
  hell , we 've got some of the most advanced military tech available . 
  hell , sweden has a sub so advanced that it [ went undetected during training exercises , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gotland-class_submarine#deployments ) even managing to ` defeat ' the uss houston . 
  it then went on to ` sink ' the uss ronald reagan during a wargame in the pacific . 
  clearly we are * more * than capable of creating the systems and tech required to hold our own . 
  is it sheer numbers ? 
  because if so i 'd like to point out that the vietnam war , which ended as a loss for the us , was fought with the allied forces with the us fielding roughly four times as many troops . 
  so what is it ?
