  i guess at some point it was more profitable to transfer the ikea brand out of sweden . 
  in this post you said that the next installment will be next friday . 
  can i suggest that the following installments after that be always on friday ? 
  just to keep a certain consistency . 
  i happy of denmarks lego . 
  made me pursue of engineering . 
  maybe denmarks help me find job now ? 
  :( ( sorry for the polandball engrish ), 
  things i know about sweden : - blondes - snow - formerly in the kalmar union - sad that they have ikea and norway has petroleum, 
  appeals , appeals everywhere . 
  that sums up the justice system in portugal . 
  | you would 've thought that the arab world would have acquired oranges surprisingly enough , i 've learned the same growing up . 
  it 's said that it were the arabs that brought the oranges and orange trees to plant in iberia , namely in the andaluzia ( spain ) region , because it 's a warm enough climate during summer and winter for the tree to survive and bear fruit . 
  edit : forgot a word, 
  reykjavik would be a kick-ass name . 
  in any language . 
  i 'm probably one of the few portuguese citizens that do n't like it 's own language . 
  too much variation within the same verb and the presence of so many words of 4 syllables or more make my tong and my brain hurt . 
  good . 
  i agree that 's an hypocrisy , but i do n't go as far as to consider 100 % . 
  on the part of giving a pass for being international women 's day . . bugger that !, 
  any day is good to alert the public to such practices , or any other kind of wrong-doing . 
  care to elaborate ? 
   now , after 9/11 ( i was 17 at the time ) i became a right-wing american nationalist . 
  i thought it was awesome that we were an empire and that we had nothing to apologize for . 
  if anything i was embarrassed that we did n't have culture becoming of a world empire . 
  now that i know the truth about my history and my nation 's international behavior i 'm so overwhelmed with shame i believe the following : - white people are the world 's most evil race/ethnicity . 
  ( we 've done the most anyway . ), 
  - all nations established through colonialism are illegitimate and should be dismantled and abandoned . 
  - all culture that has been stolen should be abandoned and replaced with original creations . 
  - all white people should return to europe unless they have permission from others to live elsewhere . 
  i got to say , that 's some extreme shit right there . 
  not that i do n't understand you , at first sight i blatantly disagree . 
  i 'll get to your points :  - white people are the world 's most evil race/ethnicity . 
  ( we 've done the most anyway . ), 
  not white people , people are evil , they are also very capable of loving each other . 
  also , from what i watched from american politics/films/tv shows , the usa has a us/them mentality when it comes to race ( something in my opinion does n't exist ) . 
  there are black people , white people , italian people , irish people , texan people , alabama people , hispanic people , etc. . . yet every single one of these people can comprehend each other at any time , and understand each others backgrounds . 
  please wipe of this concept from your head because it wo n't do you any good . 
   - all nations established through colonialism are illegitimate and should be dismantled and abandoned . 
  there would be no nations in the world then . 
  for centuries nations rose , and fallen , due to conquest/colonialism/disease and will continue to do so until the end of times . 
  if you look at european & middle east map over the course of the years you would see the constant shifting of borders , the surgence ( is this a word : ? ), 
  of nations and later the the anexation of those nations to a larger nation , or even the disaggregation of a whole nation ( ex : ex-jugoslavia )  - all culture that has been stolen should be abandoned and replaced with original creations . 
  i think your misusing the word culture here . 
  i 'm portuguese , and i seriously doubt that you can take away our fado . 
  i think you mean to say the works of art that were taken from said colonial countries , ex : king tut from egypt to to london england . 
  in that aspect i agree with you . 
  these works should return to their rightful places , and preserved there . 
   - all white people should return to europe unless they have permission from others to live elsewhere . 
  ( ignoring the white part ) no . 
  people should n't be forcibly exiled from some shit , someone , somewhere , somewhen has done . 
  imagine that you have a child that 's born and raised in australia . 
  his ancestry is african . 
  all he/she knows about his/her life has happened in australia . 
  the only language he/she knows is english . 
  would you forcibly remove him/her from australia ? 
  if so , to where ? 
  to a place he/she never knew , to a place where no one knows english ? 
  in the usa you have lot 's of these examples from mexican people crossing the border and having their children inside the usa , and by all accounts , removing said children would be inhumane . 
   my world history theory is that white people have been doing to others what was done to them long ago by the romans ; invading other people 's land , enslaving/slaughtering them , destroying their cultures and stealing the parts we like for ourselves . 
  [ monthy python , just for you ] ( http://youtu.be/9foi342lxqe )  do you think its stupid when white americans talk about being scottish/english/whatever when they 're ` really ' american ? 
  yes , but then again , when you 're in a country so culturally diverse as the usa , people are certain to grab to the ancestry of their fathers fathers fathers ( ... ) . 
  you ca n't really blame them to do so . 
  people have a natural tendency to form groups , and in those groups distinct traits appear , the inside joke , or something much more distant like an ancient homeland . 
  you , sir , have a lot to learn . 
  yes , especially at night ... oh wait . 
  snow and cold everywhere ? 
  i feel discriminated . 
  i 'm no geologist , but i 'm almost sure there is n't . 
  you need millennia of fossils under pressure to form oil . 
  and the atlantic mid-ridge being an area of new crust formation , the chances of oil existence in that area are pretty slim . 
  most of the portuguese clubs would get stuck in a 2nd division iberian league . 
  from the combined leagues the only ones that would still be on the top would be real madrid , barcelona , porto , atl\u00e9tico madrid , benfica, 
  a neighbouring country ? 
  i do n't have much of a choice , do i ? 
  well , i do n't plan to leave my country in the near/far future but i always wondered what is there to see in less populated states , like idaho , montana , wyoming , n/s dakota , nebraska , kansas . 
  i know it 's a big area , but just point me one good thing about each state . 
  is it worth going to alaska ? 
  any place in particular ? 
  also , i understand that detroit was once a vibrant us city but it has fallen in abandonment due to migration of jobs and people out of the city . 
  how severe was that ? 
  what 's worth to see there , the abandon areas , the still occupied/in business , something new ? 
  : i left out canada and south america , because at the moment these are not places i 'd like to know better . 
  edit : i meant detroit , not chicago . 
  * insert aliens meme guy here : * ** romanians **, 
  now i know from where the portuguese word for gypsy ( cigano ~ = tsigano ) , comes from !, 
  til . 
  and the water temperature will be ? 
  well , you could look at repliers flag and find out the language that way ... altough it can lead to some mistakes in countries like belgium and switzerland . 
  rain edit : with all the answers you could do a map , like the one made for cheese , tea , oranges , etc ... 
  are you sure it 's not thor ? 
  i 've heard the northerners are not happy with the situation in greece , and i 'm guessing their gods are n't either . 
  i 'm with you , porto and lisbon alone should be 350 $ minimum for a t1/t2 , what should drive the average up . 
   why would anyone hate on spain ? 
  quite frankly , i ca n't think of anyone else better to hate . 
   pink flower trees [ cherry blossom ? ], 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cherry_blossom ) , [ cerejeira ( pt ) / cerasus ( es ) ] ( http://pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/cerejeira ) ? 
  why am i not surprised with this score ? 
  as someone who has n't watched south park in a decade , please give me context .
