  bish bash bosh , right ? 
  to be fair , the us voted for trump . 
  he was the one who chose all of that . 
  the european right wing has nothing to do with it . 
  the us and european right wing have a cozy alliance while the left are having a collective meltdown . 
  shadilay , brothers !, 
  i was explaining why they are n't funny and why much of the left-wing comedy comes off as bitter complaining rather than a playful counter culture . 
  someone thinks they 're being edgy and hilarious when they show trump butt fucking the statue of liberty . 
  that shit is so normie . 
  my grandmother shares that shit on facebook . 
  trashing trump in such a lazy way is quickly becoming the doge meme of political comedy . 
  it 's the `` hey , look at me !, 
  give me karma !, 
  lol '' of the world . 
  find a new angle , it 's getting stale . 
  i 'm butthurt that it 's not funny , if anything . 
  if you honestly think the right wants it to be the 50 's , then you do n't know the right . 
  i wo n't complain though , if you do n't know us , you ca n't beat us , 
  lol right , * i 'm * the triggered one ... 
  i 'm not making floats haha how does it feel to have your comfortable power slipping ? 
  hahahaha, 
  the current movement is way bigger than trump . 
  last i heard , trump is n't in europe . 
  and yes , the right wing * is * the rebellious counter culture now . 
  if you ca n't accept that then you do n't know what a counter culture is in the first place . 
  just because you do n't like it does n't mean it 's not true . 
  you 're spot on , man . 
  political comedy often goes hand in hand with the counter culture . 
  the right wing is now the rebellious counter culture . 
  the left wing are ironically the sad corporatists , desperately trying to hold onto power . 
  that 's why these floats are nothing more than mediocre circlejerking . 
  it 's why you cringe when the oscars gave meryl streep a standing ovation for `` bravery '' . 
  it 's just pathetic . 
  salt carts :d, 
  icelandic refugees welcome in the us . 
  float on over on a tire . 
  get yourself a hawaiian pizza once you hit land . 
  `` give us your tired , your poor , your hungry for pineapple pizza '', 
  hell yeah , who does n't ? 
  is this supposed to make sweden look good ? 
  i must be strange because i looked at this and thought : `` i want that american stuff ... '' * licks lips *, 
  as an annoying american troll , thanks op !, 
  eastern europe better start learning how to kill an alligator with nothing but a palm frond . 
  i 've never met a gator who did n't lose his tail . 
  once you fry them bad boys up you wo n't have to rely on potatoes anymore . 
  maybe , 
  germany , just fall back . 
  i 'll catch you , i swear . 
  blink three times if they 're making you type this, 
  well , you know what happens when germany starts to get to much power ... we have to eventually help . 
  as always , we 're a bit late . 
  apologies . 
  i researched it , sweden in fact does not want to visit . 
   us poses existential threat to europe why ? 
  because we banned a few muslim-majority countries ? 
  sweden probably does n't want to visit anyway . 
  so clinton would 've opted out of those traditions ? 
  why is ikea furniture so compact when you clearly have room to stretch your legs , sweden ? 
   i think the only surprise was pennsylvania , the rest were either called right or ended within the margin nah , man . 
  they were still off . 
  [ most polls had her ahead in states like michigan , wisconsin , pennsylvania , and florida . 
  well past moe and sometimes in the double digits . 
  ] ( http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/latest_polls/elections/ ) she was so confident that she did n't visit wisconsin once . 
  now let 's see the countries which successfully rebelled . 
  republicans rioted in the streets of kenya ? 
  damn , i had no idea . 
  please show me all the rioting republicans from 2008 and 2012 lol, 
   / r/the _ donald is that way . 
  trust me , i know where the best subreddit on the planet is . 
   i for one do n't really care about all those argument fallacies and `` they did something bad too '' arguments anywhere else than on donald or conspiracy subs . 
  cool . 
   what kind of american are you to actually be okay with people ( no matter what nation ) hacking into high profile positions in your country ? 
  an american that does n't want my government going off half cocked based on shaky evidence . 
  is that too much to ask ? 
  apparently it is . 
  i suppose i should fall in line like a good little boy ? 
  get my good boy treats for trusting my masters . 
   it 's sad that your dislike and disagreement with certain political party from your country is so strong that you 'd rather kiss putin 's arse than do anything about it . 
  as opposed to you guys wanting to kick his arse because you fell for propaganda . 
   people like you wo n't make america great again , but yeah , keep dreaming with your head stuck under the ground . 
  i already did by voting hahahahahaha  i just hope that rest of the world wo n't burn alongside with you . 
  i agree , you do nothing but whine and criticize . 
  what `` friends '' . 
  i 'm taking my americans and going home to start a warm , cozy , campfire where we can relax and just be us . 
  we did n't riot and start shit with an outside country over it . 
  you guys take the cake this year . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  you really should be ashamed of your party . 
  you guys need to get it together . 
   the dude is lithuanian . 
  baltic peoples love the us because they remember what russia has done to them in the past and look to us to protect them because they 're small . 
  great . 
  i like them too . 
  but our government does n't deserve that friendship and glory , the people do . 
  we are not our government . 
  they are separate from us . 
   as for standing up for our government , is this really how you think we should do it ? 
  someone needs to criticize them . 
  at all times . 
  i voted for trump , but as soon as he was elected into office , he became someone i watched with scrutiny .
