that 's not how it works , eu !, 
  reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee * surfs away on michael phelps *, 
  i agree with you , man . 
  i believe the uk has every right to decide to be independent . 
   this is not some courageous freedom fight . 
  of course it is . 
  the uk wants to be independent . 
  independence is freedom . 
  is it scary and uncertain ? 
  absolutely . 
  they 're a strong people . 
  if they were n't , they would n't have had this referendum . 
  you call it `` xenophobia fueled by nationalist angst '' but would n't you be angry if a large , bureaucratic , out of touch organization ignored your voices and concerns ? 
  i honestly think the uk is too good to be in the eu . 
  i cheer them on as this happens . 
  they 'll be completely fine . 
  a country of people who attempt something like this do n't fail to survive . 
  rule britannia !, 
  britannia rule the waves britons never , never , never shall be slaves . 
  rule britannia !, 
  britannia rule the waves . 
  i have so much goddamn respect for the uk . 
  who dares , wins ... 
  promptly overwritten 5 minutes later with a princess zelda wearing a strap on . 
  as an outsider , the pro-eu propaganda comes off as insecurity . 
  tighten it up . 
  yes , i totally see ohio randomly leaving the union solely because of memes ... 
  sounds like a south park episode . 
  i mean , you could chalk trump 's statement up as a slip of the tongue ... juncker 's statements were just bizarre . 
  i almost want to ask if he 's on medication or something . 
  trump says some stupid stuff , but i would n't even expect that from trump . 
  it would 've made sense if he said california independence but he chose ... ohio and austin , texas ? 
  did he just throw darts at a map or something ? 
  a movement to make ... a city independent ? 
  are you joking now ? 
  lol, 
  he also said he 'd promote the independence of austin , texas . 
  is this guy ... kidding ? 
  he 's joking around right ? 
  the poor guy , i bet they even spit in his general direction :(, 
  why do they hate moglu ? 
  all you have is personal insults . 
  a sign of someone without a valid argument . 
  maybe your side should come up with some solutions and ideas , instead of just whining and insulting us . 
  you might actually start winning again . 
  the left is in complete shambles . 
  the clock is ticking . 
  time for some self reflection !, 
  i 'm going to bet you guys will just double down . 
  if a strategy does n't work , try it again !, 
  hahahahahaha you 're making the right look good . 
  that 's how shitty you guys are right now . 
  nope , i still enthusiastically support trump . 
  you can tell yourself you made a difference though if that will make you happy . 
  we obviously prioritize issues differently . 
  we are n't going to agree . 
  and fuck you for the patronizing jab at the end there . 
  trump was a completely different candidate . 
  clinton was the epitome of the classic politician . 
  why would i vote for her and just more of the same ? 
  * that * would be stupid . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  because my leaders have been complete shit for * years * . 
  if trump lifts a finger , it feels like a major accomplishment . 
  stick with me and you 'll start to understand why we voted this way . 
  does n't matter if they have one already or not . 
  * he 's doing something *, 
  [ lol news from today ] ( http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2017/03/29/christie-trump-drug-addiction-task-force/ ) your narrative just got btfo, 
  yeah , and how do you know she would have carried out that plan ? 
  she gave no reason to believe she would even acknowledge my demographic , aside from a page on her website . 
  other than that , it was clear i was not her target audience . 
  so excuse me for not voting for the candidate who would n't even bother to lie about caring about me . 
  the `` evidence '' directly from clinton 's website ? 
  do you even know what you are doing ? 
  do n't want to comment on your naive trust ? 
  it does n't matter what trump thinks or does . 
  he 's an effective tool against the establishment . 
  he 's a wrecking ball and a disruption . 
  this whole thing is n't about trump . 
  it 's well beyond trump . 
  that 's what you do n't understand . 
  how do you know * you 're * not the one living in a fantasy world ? 
  you blindly accept anything and everything from the media and your politicians . 
  do you not see how foolish that is ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i 'm sounding like the sane one here ... 
  i could say the same exact thing to you . 
  * your * media is feeding you propaganda . 
  it 's not written for trump supporters . 
  you ca n't see what 's going on with the media ? 
  it 's not difficult to notice . 
  first of all , what a horrible normie loop gif . 
  you write for buzzfeed ? 
  secondly , this election has spewed out the most obvious and transparent propaganda . 
  most of it was directed at you and your side , with little regard for those who knew better . 
  stories to sway the uninformed and ignorant . 
  used by politicians who have n't realized that the internet exists . 
  so please spare me . 
  there 's no putting the genie back into the bottle . 
  the media lies more than it tells the truth . 
  i will never ever trust them again .
