  i have no problem with the government expelling the 35 russian officials , but the sanctions are pushing it . 
  it was a hasty move and it makes us look like we snowballed petty politics into an international conflict . 
  the whole thing leaves a bad taste in my mouth . 
   i really appreciate that people are sick of neoconservative foreign policy ( which is essentially neoimperialism ) and insider cronyism it 's refreshing to see , honestly . 
   do your really think that a man that lives at the top of a tower in manhattan is a man of the people ? 
  it 's certainly possible . 
  just because someone has money does not mean they automatically gain access to class and respect . 
  i 've seen trump at those pretentious dinners . 
  those people are disgusted by the mere sight of him . 
  he does n't belong . 
  he 's not part of their club . 
  he also really enjoys the attention at his rallies . 
  one of his weaknesses is that he needs to be liked . 
  by exploiting that , we can get him to fulfill on his promises . 
  he 'll also reach out to his opponents , because he wants you to like him as well . 
  it 's what they do . 
   unlike most on the left i do n't think trump is a fascist . 
  good . 
  it sounds like you think for yourself . 
  that 's becoming rare . 
   it 's all a big fuckin game to people like them . 
  it is . 
  that 's why i do n't trust them or the government . 
  trump will be part of the government soon . 
   the biggest political tragedy of the 21st century is the left alienating the white working class they got comfortable and arrogant . 
   you 're conflating completely legal fees with literal bribery . 
  if you go to get your license renewed you might have to pay a fee that literally everyone else has to . 
  the president has to pay that fee . 
  i suppose he should 've elaborated then   also , do you ever see major russian media criticize the russian government about anything ? 
  nope , and neither does us media . 
  which is just another reason why i equate the two . 
   how would you feel if the us media was owned and run by the us government ? 
  oh , my child ... the innocence ...  also have we had the same head of state since the fucking 90s ? 
  yep , that would suck . 
  thank god we only have to live with our petty tyrants for 8 years max . 
   how can you compare the two ? 
  i start with their shady foreign policies and then go from there , usually . 
   i want to get along with russia . 
  i think the world 's two largest nuclear powers joining together could bring about world peace . 
  excellent , so do i. 
   i do n't think that we should spread our cheeks and accept foreign interference in our elections or allow strategic allies to be invaded and annexed . 
  i 'm not suggesting we do . 
  how do you know though ? 
  i could be making my camp look amazing . 
  you do n't know my camp . 
  you know my camp ? 
  my camp is awesome and loves me . 
  i have the best camp , believe me . 
  that makes no sense . 
  what if whomever i aligned with thought exactly like me ? 
  would n't they be proud of me ? 
   while i hope you enjoy everything trump promised very nice of you . 
  thank you . 
  good riddance . 
  run from your country when you believe it 's in trouble ... 
  number 2 :  there is no meaningful way to assess absolute levels of corruption in countries or territories on the basis of hard empirical data . 
  possible attempts to do so , such as by comparing bribes reported , the number of prosecutions brought or studying court cases directly linked to corruption , can not be taken as definitive indicators of corruption levels . 
  i 'm just , how do the british say ? 
  taking the piss . 
  it 's all good , man . 
  you can ease up and lose with grace . 
  start a bubble bath , light some candles , and chill , brah . 
  there 's plenty of time to worry about 2017 . 
  give yourself a break . 
  smoke something , poke something . 
  live your life , brotha . 
  i know it 'll be hard living with the fact that the ignorant plebs with no critical thinking skills will be determining your future . 
  i 'll try to get them to read some nietzsche and drink fair trade coffee . 
  they 'll be ready for the next election . 
  disgusting masses , no more !, 
  you have my word , fam . 
  i know you are n't . 
   so in order to remedy this , you decided to vote for an oligarch ? 
  i knew 100 % that clinton was part of the corrupted system , i had a * chance * with trump . 
  so i rejected the obvious slimy politician and bet on the wildcard . 
   the transfer of state assets to a select few after the fall of the soviet union is unprecedented , and income inequality and censorship ( from the government , not self-censorship ) is far worse in russia . 
  we 're almost there !, 
  just keep trusting our media and politicians and we 'll be there in no time :d  who 's fear mongering ? 
  you , you are . 
   plenty of people . 
  senators , congressmen , and former vice-presidents work with the president and understand the system and how things are done . 
  and trump does n't have a team that works with him ? 
   oh , trump 's also one of the least educated people to hold the office , holding just a bachelor 's degree in economics . 
  education is clearly overrated . 
  clinton had her ass handed to her by an ` idiot ' . 
   tldr : ca n't argue with facts , trump 's a scumbag . 
  i believe `` trump 's a scumbag '' is an opinion . 
  but what do i know ? 
  i 'm poorly educated with no critical thinking skills . 
   if you hire someone with parkinson 's disease and no pilot training to fly a 747 , it does n't take a time machine to know things probably are n't going to turn out well . 
  with auto-pilot and coaching from the tower , you can land just fine . 
  i never understood how they got their data . 
  * politician to journalist * : ( hushed tone ) yeah , 12 of us are corrupt as hell but do n't tell on us , man !, 
  we need to be ranked . 
  fair enough . 
   first you said they 're just as bad , then you said the us is so bad it ca n't criticize russia ( both pretty common tactics by russian shills btw ) read my comment again , i said i was compromising with you . 
   what exactly makes the us government so bad ? 
  the corporate-cronyism that has devolved into an oligarchy , who buys off and works with media to change their stories and tone to something more palatable to the public . 
  our government lies in order to shove itself into conflict , and then keeps us in that conflict for personal gain . 
  they fake virtue by `` spreading democracy '' when we all know they do n't give a fuck .
