   nothing happened because we had sensible leaders who did n't hit the button over perceived insults , although i suspect that time is about to come to an end . 
  hahaha yes , fear-monger more . 
  it 's wonderful . 
   having never held elected office on any level , trump is the least qualified president in american history . 
  being president is an unique position , right ? 
  with unique responsibilities and duties ? 
  tell me , how many people are prepared for that on their first time ? 
  every president was a newb . 
   trump has a long history of fraudulent behavior , having been fined by a number of regulatory agencies , he most recently settled a $ 25 million lawsuit for defrauding those who enrolled in his unaccredited university . 
  finally , trump has a thin skin , he 'll publicly praise someone one minute , but if they say something unflattering about him he 'll lay into them ( often on social media ) with a string of childish insults . 
  someone who ca n't control themselves when they feel like they 've been slighted is n't suited be a diplomat , especially the top diplomat . 
  * skims by tired old talking points *  remember when bush was elected and a lot of us groaned because he seemed kind of dim ? 
  trump is on an entirely different level . 
  he 's going to fuck shit up , and the one silver lining is that those of us who saw it coming are going to be able to rub it in your faces and say `` see ? 
  this jackass is your fault '' . 
  damn son , you got ta let me borrow that crystal ball for real . 
   how exactly do you think the us is so bad that it 's basically indistinguishable from russia ? 
  i never claimed it was indistinguishable from russia . 
  those are your words . 
   you 're being ridiculous if you think that something like this will escalate into an armed conflict . 
  our diplomatic relations were far more strained during the cold war and that never happened . 
  nothing happened because we were extremely lucky . 
  since you know the future though , i 'd like some lotto numbers please . 
   i 'm trying to gauge just how out of touch you are , are you a believer in pizzagate ? 
  it 's fun and creepy but there 's nothing there . 
   being a good businessman ( debatable ) does not mean you 're fit to lead a country . 
  yeah ? 
  do you make up these rules ? 
  what makes a good president ? 
  damn dawg , teach me your secrets . 
   the fact that you think a personality like trump 's is fit to be president immediately makes me question your critical thinking skills . 
  i 'm not even going to bother explaining why , it should be obvious . 
  because you * ca n't * explain why . 
  because it 's bullshit and you know it . 
  you bastards berate us for * years * for our missteps and we finally stand up to our government and you shit on us still ... 
   do you need to pay some extra cash to receive treatment in a hospital ? 
  yep , i even go into debt  do you pass your driving exam on the first try and do n't ` fail ' it because the examiner would like to receive your money a second time ? 
  nope , because i already have my license . 
  i got an honest guy . 
   if you deal with public administration , do you need to give the clerk some money to have whatever you want actually done ? 
  yep . 
   can you bribe university professors to pass exams with perfect grades , even without attending a single lecture ? 
  yep , but if i reveal my political beliefs , that professor will not only make an example of me , but also fail me . 
  so i must dye my hair blue and protest sea world for extra credit . 
   the russian and american governments are just as bad , they are n't . 
  if you want me to compromise then i believe the us is bad enough where they ca n't claim the moral high ground when condemning russia . 
   are you a russian shill ? 
  nope , just someone who is trying to criticize their government when i believe their escalating a situation based on shaky evidence . 
  i have family in the marines . 
  i do n't want them dying because my government feels sad about losing an election . 
   the us government persecuting minorities in the past has absolutely nothing to do with contemporary russian activities . 
  you 're right . 
   right , blatant propaganda being anything not coming from breitbart or infowars , right ? 
  `` obama is turning the frogs gay ? '', 
  you mean that guy ? 
  please , i do n't get my news from either of those sources . 
   because people like you just put a plutocratic reality tv star in the white house . 
  yeah , and how did he become a reality tv star ? 
  hmm , there * must 've * been a reason ...  if you not only lack critical thinking skills , but the ability to parse credible sources of information then please just do n't ? 
  you 're making things worse ah , so the fact that i disagree with you means i lack critical thinking skills ... do you not realize how repulsive that thinking is ? 
  lol right, 
   i could post the democracy and the press freedom indexes cool , that does n't mean my government is incapable of horrendous things just because i can vote . 
   talk about the russian government backed persecution of ethnic and religious minorities yes , we 've never persecuted minorities here in the us . 
  you got me there . 
   how frequently critics of putin end up dead watch this ... fuck you , putin !, 
  ( waits for tea )  but you 're a trumpeter , you live in an alternate reality where facts and sources that do n't support your point of view are `` fake news '' hahaha , yes . 
  i 'm critical of blatant propaganda . 
  you should be thankful people still question things . 
  but go ahead and soak up all that information without filtering anything . 
  that 's healthy . 
   as an american i ca n't tell you how incredibly embarrassing you people are , i do n't why you 're so committed to anti-intellectualism , but i really wish you 'd find a less destructive interest and stop involving yourself in the political process . 
  because i disagree with you , you want me to bow out of politics ? 
  are you some kind of hive mind authoritarian ? 
   there 's a reason so many people move to the states yeah , and it 's not because of our government . 
   countries like germany and the uk align themselves with the us because we are like-minded and because of history . 
  not because of our government . 
  the us and russia are both extremely corrupt and very reckless when it comes to foreign policy . 
  they 're both a couple of shit heads and i wish they 'd just kiss and get it over with . 
  haha yeah ? 
  are you going to educate me on the truth ? 
  you got the skinny on all the beautiful , adorable things my government is currently doing ? 
  i see my government as equally bad . 
  they 're both bad . 
  couple of bad boys . 
  mine just hides it better . 
  neither is half our media , but they still put their garbage on television . 
  if russia * did * hack the dnc , then they were better investigative journalists than all of our media combined . 
  my government is a fat loser , a big ole fat fuckin ' loser . 
  take it on the chin , boys . 
  ya lost . 
  do n't drag us into more conflict because of your hurt ego . 
  ` member when russia and the us were friendly in the 1800 's ? 
  i ` member ... 
  sure , but who is watching the watchers ? 
  bias plays a part in this . 
  germany , hire me and i 'll spam the report button . 
  not mauritania though , they 're chill, 
  * masturbates furiously * aw , yeah !, 
   can confirm so you 'd vote ` yes ' ?? 
  monster !,
