  but they 're very cheap and fun to shoot regardless . 
  so everyone has at least one . 
  yep , i even have a case of 7.62 x54r for my old-as-dirt mosin-nagant . 
   term to describe a condescending attitude towards individuality and success sweden 's not coming to my christmas party . 
  most or least ? 
  i figured you guys did n't know russia . 
  they 're like the equivalent of that weird kid that nobody talks to on the school yard . 
  football bantz !, 
  i got it !, 
  high five , guys !, 
  right ? 
  they create higher end ak models . 
  however , ak variants are notoriously cheap , so a higher end model only sells for around $ 1,200 - $ 2,000 . 
  most people say that 's overpaying , and for the most part they 're correct . 
  they 're milled from a single block though , so they 'll last forever . 
  the stats are off . 
  clearly . 
  by about 0.897 % . 
  it does n't even list `` infant deaths by pineapple '' stats . 
  it 's an arsenal sam7r . 
  it better work well or i want my money back . 
  [ mine 's prettier ] ( https://i.sli.mg/owcx1h.jpg ), 
  that 's not a german . 
  hey , if it were up to me , our troops would be home right now in time for christmas . 
  let you guys sort it out with your broomsticks . 
  usa is in europe ? 
  as a coffee drinker , i know that feel, 
  is he the one that shoots franz ferdinand ? 
  awesome thanks for the advice !, 
  i would definitely grab a beer or two with some folks !, 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll be sure to do that . 
  that will help out a lot . 
  oh wow , good to know . 
  i 'll make sure to plan around the season . 
  thanks !, 
  thank you so much , this helps a lot !, 
  great advice , that never really occurred to me until just now . 
  i 'll definitely do that . 
  i take it the rest of the uk is pretty well connected as far as public transportation is concerned ? 
  i 'll probably end up in edinburgh ( the more populated areas of scotland ) , england , and wales too . 
  awesome , thanks !, 
  i figured there probably would be , i just wanted to make sure . 
  and i 'll have to google ` bagging a munroe ' a bit for some tips . 
  excellent !, 
  thank you !, 
  yeah , i was interested in the northwest area . 
  good to know . 
  oh wow , that 's interesting . 
  i guess i should n't be too surprised though , as we have the same issue with some coastal areas in my state as well . 
  areas that you 'd think that would be heavily populated or popular , but just are n't . 
  haha yeah , i figured a lot of it was in edinburgh . 
  i guess the part that i really liked in the video was skye . 
  the little islands in northern scotland . 
  that 's where i want to go . 
  i 'm assuming i 'm not the only one and the real estate there must be pretty pricey . 
  [ this video right here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cj6ho1-g6tw ) really made me want to visit the smaller towns throughout the uk . 
  i mean , yeah edinburgh sounds cool , but i want to see the smaller places . 
  the scottish countryside looks amazing and interesting in that video . 
  wait , that 's too much emotion . 
  a'right . 
  that was a really interesting read , thank you . 
  man , that guy * really * hates reflective belts ... a good way to spot a veteran is how much they hate those belts haha . 
  also i had no idea italy was suspected of paying off the taliban . 
  my best friend was light infantry in the 10th mountain division and served in afghanistan . 
  he said he has worked with pretty much everyone and they 're all great soldiers , even the canadians  but yeah , the french stereotype is an old one parroted by stupid people . 
  it 's mostly used as a joke , but if someone uses it in a joke , they 're bound to receive a few annoyed groans . 
  nice !, 
  yeah , we cook franks and other sausages as well . 
  sometimes , we 'll have s'mores too . 
  usually food is n't introduced unless it 's a smaller party . 
  i actually just got back from buying some perogies from the ukrainian church down the street that i 'll be using at my party this weekend . 
  also making guacamole , so it 'll be pretty varied haha, 
  really ? 
  yeah , we do it a lot ( and i 'm from florida ) . 
  usually during winter , but yeah . 
  when i visit my relatives in georgia or wisconsin it 's usually * all * we do because there is n't much else to do . 
  i 'm actually having one at my house this weekend . 
  i think he 's in his mid-40 's , i believe . 
  so yeah , it could be an older tradition . 
  he 's a nice guy though . 
  we set up a tv in our office so we could watch the world cup and we talk about beer a lot . 
  he also teaches me about some british culture and slang . 
  i 've been calling the boss a `` slag '' for weeks now . 
   that 's only an american thing . 
  if it makes it any better , it 's a very old stereotype that has pretty much died out . 
  if you hear `` polack '' in a joke , you can guarantee it 's a fairly old joke . 
  i certainly ca n't judge them , as i have never been in that situation and do n't know what i 'd do if i ever was . 
  i 'd * like * to think i 'd be part of a resistance force but i do n't know . 
  i 'd think a clandestine resistance force would value subtlety , cunning , and boldness . 
  criminals are usually pretty good candidates , i 'd say . 
  i see what you 're saying though . 
  not all resistance fighters had france 's best interests in mind , i suppose . 
  i never understood the `` surrender '' stereotype when it came to the french . 
  the french resistance is proof that you do n't surrender . 
  yeah , i get that . 
  i was just looking at it from the perspective of an insurrectionist or something . 
  i totally understand the celebration . 
  i just find it interesting as well . 
  i find guy fawkes day fascinating .
