  these people carry all their cash with themselves , right ? 
  how many each one of them holds on average , i wonder ... you could potentially earn good money with robbing them . 
  well , it 's stronger than vodka , which is 40 degrees , samogon is about 60-70 . 
  i 'd say it 's considered too hardcore of a booze because you get wasted very fucking fast . 
  ca n't enjoy conversations with your company . 
  it 's common in rural areas , but i can rememebr only one time i 've encountered self-made alcohol , samogon , in urban environment . 
  i hope that 's not because people can not afford buying as much booze as they could before . 
  good news anyway . 
  belarus . 
  russian women are one tough and strong-willed . 
  wow , i thought this stupid holiday of march 8 was celebrated only in ex-ussr and warzaw block area . 
  your mafia structures are the most dominat and have the biggest authority in europe . 
  wish to visit balkans . 
  especially serbia , bih and albania . 
  where did i say it has anything to do with russia ? 
  i just think it would be better for inhabitants of the uk to move out of the union . 
  wish brits to exit , but would put my money on uk staying . 
  [ russian priest consecrating new space rocket ] ( http://imgur.com/locmizu ), 
   i wonder if this is leading up to another colour revolution lol no , belarusians are not that stupid . 
  there are already gazillions that came into europe and gazillions more are coming , even if this stupid ct is true , he ca n't motivate with bombings many enough to escape to europe so europe could feel a difference . 
  yeah ... 
  some fucker sabotaged a power station , tatar resistance in crimea begins to grow . 
   worked in the tourism industry , had russian guests , saw some sh * t russians do n't behave in everyday life like they behave on vacations . 
  yes , some russians have that `` i 'm the king and you are a peaseantry servants '' mentality when they are on vacation but it 's limited to vacation destinations . 
  looks like ramzan continues attention whoring . 
  what 's the point of posting it here ? 
  it has nothing interesting except the clickbaity headline . 
  4 separatis republics , 2 in russia and 2 in sweden ? 
   in where i am , and also in eastern europe or in the mid east , they are known people who are respectable towards the others , and even if they are really into the martial arts etc. , also as ones who are not going to harass you or do anything bad to anyone unless you harass them , and so on . 
  do n't know how it it is in the places you listed , but [ here is a thread about chechens in austria ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e3887/lets_talk_about_chechnya_and_chechens/ )  i ca n't get how it gets so different when it is moscow or st. petersburg . 
  maybe because russia is a corrupt country where you can be easily bribed out of justice ? 
  maybe they feel that they can get back to their mountains and hide there if thing get the wrong way for them ? 
  russian general atmosphere of weak law enforcement ? 
  i do n't know . 
   also , how hard can it be to differ an azeri from a north caucasian ? 
  their phenotypes are pretty much different . 
  most people are not really experts at how different ethnoses from the region look like . 
  what would come to the mind of an average russian is `` dark hair and bristle/beard '' , many can even confuse some tajik with a caucasian . 
  most russians do n't differentiate different folk from caucasus and transcaucasia , they ca n't tell differences in culture , mentality , behavioir between , let 's say azeris and circassians , ossetians and avars etc. 
  they just lump all the ethnoses of the region in one group named `` caucausians '' with some stereotypes attached to it . 
  if , let 's say some kids from dagestan come to moscow and behave like dickheads , commit crimes etc , people do n't start thinking badly about dagestanis only , they do n't think `` dagestanis are bad '' they think `` caucasusians are bad '' and start hating the all the `` caucasians '' more . 
  that 's how it works in reality . 
  in fact , `` your people '' , circassians are fine . 
  it 's the guys from ne caucasus : ingushs , chechens and dagestanis who are mostly responsible for the hate towards all the region . 
  gorbach is one of the most shameful figures in russian history , shut up gorby ... 
  there are news popping up about oil companies cutting their production here and there , but i still doubt oil will reach that high of a price . 
  and how often does it happen in reality that non-muslim man marries a , for example , muslim north african woman ? 
  because answering in a poll is one thing , doing is another . 
  crimea will be still ours !, 
  partially , at least ... 
  true . 
  i had 4 papers . 
  omg , the us should immidiately double it 's military budget or rooskies invade ... 
  how can i get a romanian passport and return to my motherland ? 
  op not sure people know how estonian flag looks like . 
  the fact that this got upvoted to the main page makes me hit my forehead with my palm with an unseen before force ... 
  fighting those damn katsaps ... 
  natashas do for their beloved darker-skinned machoes . 
   tan those russian bodies yeah ... to tan bodies ... yeah ... :d, 
  western europeans are just the most honest . 
  62 at ukraine ... ukrainians were very good at dodging conscription to fight in donbass during recent events . 
  wonder how the west will react to this ... purging educational staff is too much in my opinion . 
  this way they are just showing they do n't like what turkey is doing . 
  good catching . 
  and how did you detect that behaviour ? 
  you got beaten for one of the things listed or you saw someone being beaten up for these reasons ? 
  or you just saw abcence of smiles on people 's faces and decide\u0432 that everyone is ready to beat up everyone for one wrong move ? 
  have you been jailed in europe and met those russians in prison ? 
  i do n't know where else you could get that type of russians that you form such an opinion on them , lol . 
  russians in latvia seem to be some mutated russians ... has something to do with sprotes in their diet , i guess . 
  because i do n't remember russians in russia behaving this way . 
  shaming like this and other words wo n't work . 
  developed world lives in the culture of consumption and people just do n't want to have more then 1-2 babies because it will limit their consumption abilities . 
  you need to do something phisical and it has to be very big to change people 's reproductive behavior . 
   it has nothing to do with being slavic elaborate , please . 
  they can be butthurt as much as they want , that does n't change the reality of us being similiar people . 
  situation with ukrainians is the same . 
   i also think slavic men are hot af . 
  what ethnicities of slavic males do you find hot and what 's your ethnicity , lady ? 
   when you hear about other slavic countries , do you automatically think `` oh those are our people '' yes , i personally do . 
  russians , poles , ukrainians and belarussians are very similiar people with similiar mentality , we understand each other with ease . 
  not sure about slovaks and czecks , maybe they are too . 
  balkanian slavs are different breed , no doubt . 
  but still slavs , still our tribe . 
  this means that the refugee deal is in a very bad shape . 
  am i right ? 
  chechens should go to sweden . 
  about 100 000 of them would be good number . 
  they will be the cherry on the cake of swedish multicultural utopia . 
   but man you should come see what goes on here . 
  you cought my interest . 
  tell your stories what my countrymen do . 
  you wo n't get away with only one natasha , you should be ready for many of them . 
  i 've been there long time ago . 
  ^_^ cool place . 
  after losing the ability to go to islamic machoes of turkey and egypt , sexually hungry natashas are moving their attention to more expensive , but the only ones able to compete balkanian machoes . 
  dudes of greece , bulgaria , montenegro ... you better be prepared , natashas will fuck you to death . 
  tons of russian athletes got recently caught on it as well . 
  dictatorial warmongering russia  democratic european latvia hehehehe, 
  why are you asking if that were russians ?
