politician meets it 's allies . 
  and what ? 
  we have a huge inflow of ukrainians too ^ ^ hope more and more of them will come and settle here . 
  is there any statistics on which countries of africa refugees originate from ? 
  i think it does only if the whole nation is involved like in ww2 . 
  if you look at [ the bigger picture ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia#after_wwii ) you 'll see that tfr felt down after the ussr fall , hit the bottom of 1.157 in 1999 and then turned back . 
  it was all due to hell of an economical crisis of 90-s and the recovery after that . 
  but now we have another crisis that wo n't affect birth rates in a positive way . 
  low fertility rates are a scourge ... 
  here in russia we had 1.75 last year and i doubt it will move any higher . 
  crash of the pension system is a real possibility in distinct future (, 
  doubt there is anything you can do with that other then immigration . 
  boosting fertility rates over the 2.1 mark seems to be something impossible . 
  lol at khokhloretards conspiracy theorizing . 
  donetsk being shelled by rebels to make ukrainian side look bad is just the same level of dumb as mh-17 being shot down by urkainan army to make rebels and russia look bad . 
   and why did they shell them ? 
  i have no idea . 
  it was all relatively peacefull and then they just started shelling . 
   no , of course not . 
  ukrainians want war in their country and absolute economical collapse . 
  that 's not about what simple ukrainian folk wants . 
  that 's about what ukrainian government backed by us neocons wants . 
  and that government does n't represent the needs and wishes of ukrainians . 
  the ussr . 
  there were lots of ethnicities fighting on eastern front besides russians . 
  i 'd assume lots of people in [ this picture ] ( http://newobserveronline.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/06/marseilles-06.jpg ) were born in france . 
  is the thing they are doing `` a part of the national identity of the country if it did n't fade off '' ? 
  op is defenetily far-right nazi racist facsist for poining this out . 
  we have had [ putinka ] ( http://imgur.com/f49nzjq ) on store shelves here for about 8 years or so . 
  do nato countries want ukraine in the alliance ? 
  send some of them to russia . 
  lol , i bet more then half of our `` orthodox christians '' ca n't even give a proper answer who jesus christ was and what he is famous for according to christianity . 
  that 's just another example why all these polls weakly represent reality . 
  it sounds ubelievable somehow . 
  are the people polled were natives ? 
  maybe they were giving not sincere , but a `` right '' politically correct answer ? 
  moscow is full of labour immigrants from muslim majority middle asia countries ( though , they are not as much religious as european ones , thanks to 70 years of state enforced atheism ) and you rarely find a native moscovite who is positive about it . 
  germany was a dominant military power on the continent to invade in response to a blatant false flag attack . 
  russia is not . 
  poland is a nato country . 
  tearing poor lone ukraine apart is one thing , attacking a country with the militairy power of the entire west at it 's back is a whole different story . 
  russia attacking poland ? 
  does anybody sane here believe it 's possible ? 
  good for fn to have such a big sponsor . 
   heads and editors of every large german newspaper and channel are members of the government propaganda committees what these german government propaganda committees are ? 
  ok , i rewatched and now think these two videos are one the same propaganda level . 
  this video is even bigger set of propaganda lies then the original one . 
   i just do n't understand why putin would bother creating a propaganda platform with news networks when he could instead export russian culture to the world 24/7 . 
  japan and korea won everyone 's hearts and minds without even focusing on propaganda news stations . 
  all they did was exporting k-pop , korean dramas , japanese food and anime and now everyone loves them . 
  japan and sk have their unique pop culture , russia do n't . 
  russia 's pop culture is an ugly attempt to copy the western one . 
  hmm ... people from northern caucasus in russia are something like arabs in europe , but much more brutal . 
  and russians are not forced by media into loving cultures not fitting with their own , so they do n't hide their dislike . 
  bet on business related reason of assassination in their testimony . 
  and that 's not a bad one ct. . nemtsov was political nobody at the moment of his assassination . 
  he was not even remotely close to being a threat to current russian government . 
  there was absolutely no reason to kill him . 
  all this `` revealing evidence of russian forces in ukraine '' is bs , there was lots of evidence already , and everyone who is not retarded understands that there are russian troops there . 
  and if you add already negative image of putin in the world , the assassination of nemtsov near the walls of kremlin becomes very dumb action to come from russian leader . 
  there could be only two realistic variants of why it happened . 
  it could be because of something not connected to political activity of boris . 
  or it could be a false flag by some power outside of rf . 
  tractors are almost as much symbol of belarus as potatoes . 
  i 'm not even sure we have a quality one . 
  never heard about domestic satirical magazines . 
  did they engage in conversations with you first ? 
  slavic chicks are well known for their love to southerners ... 
  just ate a plate of this one :d and a [ kulich ] ( http://imgur.com/e2mvytt ) !, 
  what the hell kyrgyzs were doing west of caspian ? 
  it 's the second map i see today that puts them in that region in that time . 
  oh , and noticed them and uzbeks east of caspian . 
  there are only kazakhs there nowadays . 
  will one remove another one the streets of london ? 
  what nice things ? 
  why ? 
  what 's wrong with being out loud racist ? 
  was listening to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xyz1qh6hcoc&amp;nohtml5=false ) when saw your post . 
  caucasus culture of ultimate manlyhood is beautiful . 
  i thought you were patriarchal machoes as fuck . 
  did your russian gf boss you around or you managed to tame her ? 
  how is average white american family structured ? 
  is it patriarchal or matriarchal ? 
  i guess american do n't go such full matriarch like russian ones do ... 
  croatian family structure in not patriarchal , without husband-dominated decision making ? 
  or what do you mean ? 
  absolutely the same for russians . 
  slavs , except the balkanian ones , are matriarchal ethnicities . 
   europeans are looking at things rationally and see that russia is a threat aaaahhh ... 
  okay , okay ... go spend money on military stuff . 
  maybe that will stop us from marching through warzaw , berlin , paris and london as we are already planning ... 
  no , i do n't believe that . 
  russia is no military threat for europe , but nevertheless european media hyped up the hysteria and that played into weapon and arms producers ' favour . 
  good for military contractors , evil rooskies bogeyman helped a lot . 
  what year it is ? 
  and abkhazia , please . 
  decadent west . 
  looks like putin made some kind of a deal with his adversaries . 
  learn russian , westies . 
  you may find it usefull when arabs will push you out of your countries and you flee to the east .
