do you have any more rates of that sort for other euro countries ? 
  that 's literally an example of anti semitism , * kek *, 
  it 's not too hard to look up anywhere that unemployment is falling as ss numbers are staying stable , as well as good pib numbers and a very good increase in private sector consumption . 
  ` still growing unemployment ' ? 
  unemployment has been falling for more than a year . 
  do you even news ? 
  podemos wo n't be able to , thanks to the economical turn around means people will return to the political status quo . 
  the arabs were brought in there under saddam in an attempt to de-kurd the area . 
  it was kurdish land , but the kurds were deported away so the arabs could move in . 
  emotion bot 2000 confirms : joke was funny and enjoyable, 
  the catalan deficit is self induced . 
  stop the ` they tuk er mune ' circlejerk . 
  it 's the central government which initially allocated industry and commerce there anyhow . 
  they would n't be in , because spain has the veto . 
  and those countries have very balanced budget , catalonia is heavily indebted and would have to do spending cuts and the like . 
  if spain did n't have the veto and cat cat could into eu i would be pro indepence . 
  in the long run it would surely be a good change , as it would force catalonia to turn its deficits into a surplus by becoming more austere and more business friendly . 
  but only if they can into eu , which they ca n't . 
  not even into eft . 
  catalonia is a trade region . 
  being expelled from the eu would be catastrophic as its goods would be under tarrifs . 
  it has an ebro estuary and valencia has a center of trade . 
  wrong . 
  you mean ' i worry you might have the homosex ', 
  whilst le tone abete was a unifying figure among australians who hated him in unison , but like da3sh , it appears erdogan is more like he unifies his opposition in disliking him , yet still has ample support . 
  more like bibi i suppose . 
  exactly . 
  open borders only works in a fully free market state . 
  if you carefully look at the advantages and disadvantages of immigration , you will see most of the disadvantages only occur in a welfare state . 
  if you want the shortest and best summary on why , read antony beevor 's introduction to ` the spanish civil war ' . 
  basically , the idea of spain has always been based upon a centralised , unified kingdom of kingdoms and the conflicts for the past 200 years have revolved around quashing that regionalism . 
  is there any sort of spanish reddit ? 
  aside from forocoches , kek . 
  it means a sure fire victory for 2020 for the tories , and a possibility of labour being removed as center left by the lib dem 's . 
  mate , if your country is growing at 6.7 % annually and you do n't notice it you 're as blind as a bat . 
  i 'm in spain , and even our quarterly 1 % 's are hugely noticeable !, 
  if you saw the way diplomacy was going towards israel , you 'd find how anti israel all western countries have become . 
  israel could expect no support from them in case of a war . 
  muh israeli apartheid is what it has to do with europe . 
  last i checked israel 's only western ally is the us , whereas israel has strong alliances and mostly cooperates with egypt , jordan and india . 
  ( and recently saudi arabia ) derp . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uz2swwdt8wg 5:56 your move . 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  of course money is a problem . 
  most state 's treasuries are wiped clean , with debts stacking up . 
  and here we see , the elusive ` it 's just a prank bro ' excuse being used . 
  lets see how the affected specimen reacts ... 
  b. . b. . but we arent fascists any more . 
  pls gib . 
  well , gee , i mean if you guys could return our gold reserves we temporarily trusted you to protect in 1939 that would be fab you know . 
  hahahahaha , you think unemployment is regained quickly ? 
  after a crisis like ours ? 
  it 'll take years at the most , but we 're finally back on track . 
  that does n't mean we are n't on a recovery , it 's just its going to take a long time to recover . 
  he 's talking shit , our active population is increasing constantly , he just does n't look at the dates for articles or something . 
  it increased by 120,000 this past quarter . 
  our active population literally went up by 120,000 . 
  using outdated information an argument does not make . 
  many of those jobs actually stay , though . 
  the capital we acquire in the summer gives the economy a good turbo boost for quite a while , and it only runs out around january/december which is when we start to see slight unemployment rises . 
  overall our unemployment steadily decreases year by year . 
  not to sound rude , but at the point where he says ` it 's full of birds ' it seems like a sequel to hitchcock 's birds . 
  by the way , you 're completely and utterly wrong . 
  it 's widely , widely , known that capitalism helps create its ultimate destroyer . 
  this is because capitalism is bad for capitalists as it forces them to innovate , compete , and work hard . 
  whereas under government intervention they are protected from market forces . 
  capitalism creates capitalists which then try to undermine and get rid of capitalism . 
  if you think that 's hot , try having to move to miami to do some fiscal papers enduring 40 degrees with humidity so thick you could cut it with a knife , and mosquitos which eat you alive . 
  and his demanor reminds me of [ this guy ] ( http://skateandannoy.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/fellowkids-480x273.jpg ), 
  you seriously believe he would kill his 14 year old little brother ? 
  how stupid ... ? 
  they always had the largest middle class up till recently , and the ruling party , ciu is far more right wing and conservative than the pp is . 
  you got things wrong here . 
  firstly , this is not in the basque region , but in camp nou in catalu\u00f1a . 
  the basque region is extremely highly unlikely to secede . 
  there 's only a minority of extremists backing the separation of the basque country . 
  catalu\u00f1a is unlikely to secede , but it has ample backing ( verging on 50 % ) in catalu\u00f1a and would have backing in mainland spain from liberals if the constitution did not prohibit secession . 
  unless something like a war or a changing of the constitution happen , catalonia will not secede . 
  also , they are not protesting the king . 
  catalonians are more right wing than most spaniards , and usually more monarchist tendencies . 
  however , they oppose the king because he represents the unity of spain . 
  also , the monarchy will not be abolished , not with this king . 
  he 's far too competent . 
  he has been trained from childbirth to be the king of a nation who if he messes up in the slightest bit will want to oust him . 
  our king atm is those ` one in a generation ' sort of deal that 's going on . 
  at least , for now . 
  worker 's so called ` rights ' usually work against them . 
  in fact , it works in favour of the unionised , well protected , skilled labourer but throws the immigrant , unskilled or young worker onto the street . 
  think with your noggin and not with your heart . 
  also , people do n't really give too many shits in these elections . 
  it 's widely known that lefties are more passionate , and that the fear vote only works in general elections . 
  in the real elections ( sadly ) many ciutadans voters will vote pp and many podemos voters ( hopefully ) will vote for psoe . 
  the evil you know better than the one you do n't . 
  they are giving pp a general leaflet of demands , look it up online . 
  it should ease this dilemma . 
  one of the newest parties with some argue more staying power than podemos is much more in favour of austerity than either of the two mainstream parties . 
  you know nothing , john snow . 
  the reforms eroica highlighted are badly needed and are being pushed by parties of both left and right . 
  in spain podemos argued in favour of bureaucracy elimination and labour market flexibilisation . 
  the old left is getting overtaken by history again .
