  it 's a conservative stronghold and strongly in favour of fracking . 
  those protests were financed by someone , not spontaneous . 
  are you kidding me man , franco ranks was the most boring dictator ever . 
  we have such a good history for this !, 
  spain should win in this competition . 
  crazy ass rulers and spain go hand in hand . 
  one 's not popping into my mind yet , but it will . 
  yuss , also more competition from a country that because of this deal it probably will try to stay in balance of the big 3 , meaning more dynamic oil advancements . 
  that 's only taking into account gdp . 
  if you build a massive pyramid in times square , that would increase the gdp of the united states . 
  would it have improved the lives of the citizens ? 
  heck no . 
  thats what the ussr did , massive public spending on projects that were near useless or barbaric . 
  also , they manipulated most of their figures . 
  damn . 
  that whole promoting commuting as a way of stopping communism is actually very smart . 
  a very nice and non violent way of stopping it . 
  thanks for the anecdote !, 
  also , bastiat is one of the only philosophers who writes in a very legible and entertaining way . 
  he does n't pretend to be high and mighty . 
  not a ukip fan but whenever farage talked he owned the room . 
  nifty feature, 
  will remember !, 
  i need a wand that will summon savannajeff in order to defend the institution of european liberalism wherever a threat to it arises and do it better than i could . 
  gib it to me . 
  he 's referring to the eu is n't he ? 
  i mean , it was obvious what i was referencing . 
  actually , the best welfare states are outside of europe . 
  so is the best quality of life and life expectancy and crime . 
  looking at you , norway , switzerland and iceland . 
  also , the united states has much more gdp per capita than europe . 
  but then you get into the whole is gdp a good measurement . 
  the culture though , that is quite something . 
  we 've led the world for two thousand years in advancement . 
  we 're still great , it 's just that we gave the rest of the world time to catch up so it is n't unfair . 
  edit : i get it , europe is n't the eu . 
  point would be , if those countries i mentioned were in the eu , then i would be proud to call myself a european . 
  as i see it those three countries look at us and go * ew *, 
  that 's changing . 
  as i said , it 's * gon na * be . 
  fuck me man , i can usually catch the sarcasm . 
  just finished working out and tired n shit . 
  who cares about income inequality if the ` poor ' are well off ? 
  would you like it if a country were all equally poor , like in the ussr ? 
  ( radical example , i know . ), 
  inequality is bad when the poor have a ceiling above which they can not climb , so inequality is not bad per se , it is nepotism , classism etc. 
  who the fuck does that ? 
  you work 9-5 at a regular job , and at any regular job you get health covered by the company . 
  unless you work off the books . 
  i call bs on that edit : jeez louise i suck at sarcasm . 
  you sound like you know nothing about the us . 
  and texas . 
  it 's gon na be the next cali or ny in terms of living standards and cultural advancement . 
  why has noone answered parents ? 
  my parents , and those of most people i know in spain , pick them up from school . 
  if decisions were taken democratically , the uk would only have banned the death penalty last year . 
  much shit is thrown at politicians , but they know more than the average populace on many issues , if not we 'd simply be populist . 
  no , the culture in spain is very anti-work . 
  it was n't the called the ` poor man of europe ' for three hundred years for nothing . 
  the catholic church here never really embraced the reformation , and they continued with a very anti-work and anti-money approach making our economy stay in the middle ages and never really industrialise till the mid 20th century . 
  ` tis not a political problem , it 's a cultural problem . 
  and cultural problems rarely change . 
  we have corruption at all levels of governance , including corrupt trade unions , corrupt and crony government protected businesses and an inflexible labour market making it harder to start a business in spain than in france !!, 
  of course not . 
  if you 're a sane person and you live in spain you have three options : land , sea or air . 
  i left spain when i was a teen and i will never go back , no matter the circumstances . 
  we started the recovery june or july last year . 
  qe was n't needed for us . 
  in fact , our minister of economics advised against it as it risked overheating the recovery in the long term . 
  also , rajoy did n't run ` austerity ' . 
  he cut a little social programs and barely reformed the labour market , and increased taxes a fuck ton . 
  the reason why we recovered , unlike france , is cause hollande was a negative push on the economy whereas rajoy did du nuffin . 
  hopefully ciutadans win , rajoy betrayed those of us on the right . 
  remember the first one though ? 
  my father 's a registrador . 
  trust me , they lobbied against the civil register . 
  it 's a nightmare for them and will cut their income severely . 
  there were many reforms instigated by rajoy against the registradores , for which all the registradores are perplexed . 
  their income is being reduced every legislature , and my father has been diversifying income for over ten years now and will leave the profession asap . 
  and your income is less than stellar if you do not get a good location , you have to get lucky in order to get into a good salary . 
  ( even though all earn more than the national average . ), 
  to be fair , the income can be excused in that it 's one of the hardest courses at uni to complete , aka spending four years literally locked up in your room . 
  corporatism = / = free market, 
  you can already select your own notary , it 's just that the registradores are assigned a certain region . 
  afaik , no real complaints about that specific system in spain though . 
  not in andalusia they wo n't . 
  andalucia will likely be the region they do worst in . 
  it 's relatively socially conservative and economically lefty , so the opposite of ciutadans . 
  much more like the british conservatives in that they take sides on issues , and are n't that much of a useless party . 
  also , whilst they have similar economic views , having even the lib dem 's relatively liberal views on the economy in spain is considered blasphemy . 
  the pp is more lefty that ciutadans on the economy , it consistently raises taxes and regulations . 
  but in the long run it has an increased positive effect in the economy . 
  remember that they cut spending in areas burdensome to the economy like the bureaucracy and regulations . 
  also , yeah qe was a thing . 
  they did austerity very well . 
  cut government spendings and streamlined their bureaucracy efficiently . 
  eliminated something like 7 % of government public sector control over the economy . 
  also , by liberalising the finance sector due to cutting red tape the finance sector got back on its feet quickly and with it went the uk . 
  up up 'n' up . 
  huh .
