  your generation is the one who 's fucking off !, 
  almost all schools in east asia are privately owned , and they are the best performing and competing . 
  prices are low , education received is super high . 
  so no , it 's not abou the school being or not being owned by the state , it 's about how the state privatises or enacts legislation . 
  found the boeing lobbyist . 
  that was n't your initial point . 
  i literally proved you wrong , and now you change what you meant . 
  there 's one semi decent joke in there , and he always sounds so patronising it gets annoying very quickly . 
  ignore portugal at all times except when we need to deflect negative attention . 
  salute !, 
  and it was 25 % a year and a half ago . 
  your point was that unemployment was n't going down , which it is . 
  you do n't go from 25 % to full employment overnight you know . 
  let me just add with the bankrupcy thing : you get assigned a special judge when you declare bankrupcy that only gets paid extra as long as you are still declaring bankrupcy . 
  guess what that judge is interested in you doing ? 
  not solving your bankrupcy . 
  unemployment has been falling for over a year dude ... 
  well , do you really think the nation who started the human rights debate does not have one of it 's own ? 
  they are against the eu establishing it , not against human rights . 
  i like to stay true to principles . 
  plus , it sounds cooler . 
  i '' m from malaga btw , so a local . 
  there are many reasons for its decline , of which syriza is not really one of them : voters of podemos who were centrists but were unhappy with the political system switched over to ciutadans . 
  podemos started being scrutinised as a serious contender and many of its policies use funds which are unnacounted for , which has severely reduced its seriousness in the elite circles which is essential in a country like spain . 
  many instances of shady deals with the venezuelan government have risen , such as the fact that the venezuelans paid for the stay and subsidised the party before it entered mainstream attention . 
  this is relatively old news though , but it appears to be having an effect now especially with how badly venezuela is doing . 
  monedero , who was the third man of podemos but the founder and main ideologist behind it theatrically left the party in a rant-like denounciation of podemos , calling it a part of the ` caste ' and a ` traitor ' to its principles following its drift to the center . 
  and lastly , in podemos 's last manifesto they veered hard to the centre meaning that many former psoe voters would simply vote for the evil they know , psoe . 
  additionally , the psoe leader is pretty good looking , charismatic and serious . 
  pablo iglesias , head of podemos , is charismatic but looks like some intellectual stuck in a basement with no serious chance of holding the presidency . 
  the economist is hardly circlejerky . 
  there are many divisions among free marketeers , you know . 
  well either sweden has shit education or the pisa is bs . 
  spain 's public school education and public uni 's are some of the worst in western europe . 
  this is proven by the fact that anyone who earns a lower middle class salary saves up to send their kids to private school here . 
  you wo n't find any middle class public schools over here , they 're all filled with gypsies and are just shite learning centers . 
  they were n't micro states in the modern term . 
  they were occupied by real royal families and were inhabited by people naturally . 
  if it were socialist it would fail even more spectacularly . 
  any micro state will fail . 
  no micro state has ever succeeded in being an official state . 
  that was sarcasm man . 
  also , a tiny government like that can easily run on crowdfunding . 
  but then the fear mongering would fizzle , now would n't it ? 
  does n't make it any less of an get away from jail free card . 
  when the things are going fine you 'd have thought the us just dissapeared off the face of the earth in south america, 
  90 % of those inhabitants being white spaniards , with the other 10 % being moroccans who feel lucky to be in spain , i doubt they would vote to secede . 
  here 's a list of the ` get away from jail free cards ' for the different countries . 
  - spain , gibraltar - morocco , melilla and ceuta - argentina , falklands south america in general , america middle east in general , israel china , islands in the pacific japan , islands near china and korea korea , islands near china and japan india , kush region pakistan , kush region feel free to remind me of more !, 
  ah yes , all the mayhem which could be caused with handgonne 's, 
  if you 're it i ca n't really think of a more mobile skill set . 
  you should be good almost anywhere in the world man . 
  st maarten has a big dutch community right ? 
  change your name from angry spaniard to thank fuck i 'm a spaniard . 
  remember , we can always go to latin america !, 
  also , the hispanics will be an almost majority in the us by 2040 and they do n't have europes ageing problems . 
  in fact , the us will be the youngest developed country by 2040 . 
  so good for us !, 
  maybe you will , i 'm gon na fuck off to the us or latin america . 
  suckerssssss for all those who do n't know , the us is going to be the youngest developed country by 2040 thanks to the hispanos . 
  jesus fucking christ man . 
  also , thundercunt . 
  i just mean that capitalism is like a faucet . 
  you can turn it on , full power , low power etc. 
  however , you can never say to represent capitalism , just because the faucet is on . 
  heck , even the ussr had some capitalism . 
  which is why i thought you saying states representing capitalism committed the atrocities , where you imply that it is capitalism 's inherent flaw even though violence is a trademark of the state and associates . 
  natural law is defined by our maker ( locke 's words , not mine ) . 
  god made us in his image and so we have the god given right to life liberty and property as we were made in his image . 
  essentially they are just rights we inherit the second we are born ( or in the womb ) that must never be broken . 
  i 'm defining capitalism , i 'm not saying we should n't have taxation . 
  especially not in the times of adam smith , where he realises the importance of populist policies to keep the populace happy and the need to protect against foreign aggression . 
  also , keynesians are defined as capitalists as they are in favour of the manipulation of capitalism , but to do so is to forget the law of capitalism . 
  that it is * voluntary * , and so can not be manipulated . 
  liberty is the right to do what you want to do as long as it does not damage any third party . 
  that is the universal definition . 
  adam smith was n't a pure capitalist , due to what you said among others . 
  and when we talk definitions we always explain it in the purest form , do n't we ? 
  i 'd give you a maths example , but then again i flunked maths at high school . 
  the point i meant is that you should not equate the actions of a violent and colonial state with the system used by its citizens . 
  the state did those actions in the name of their political gains and special interest groups which is inherently anti capitalistic . 
  it 's a new phenomenon overall , but it is a phenomenon that occurs naturally . 
  this is because capitalism is simply the transfer of value through trade voluntarly . 
  it was simply prohibited from existing fully for a large part of recent human history . 
  private property can be protected under a state respecting natural law , which is not what every single modern state is about . 
  a ` natural law ' respecting state would not be able to draw upon involuntary withdrawal of money . 
  aka , capitalism does not need , and in fact its worst enemy is the modern state ( you 're right , not every state is as today . ), 
  and by saying that they acted in order to preserve capitalist interest is not possible . 
  once the state acts against the natural law ( breaks either someones life , liberty or property ) which is the foundation of capitalism , it is no longer acting for capitalism but cronyism . 
  colonialism = / = capitalism , it is actually opposed as it is a system based on extricating value through force . 
  capitalism can only be voluntary , or it ceases to be capitalism . 
  i forgot to say , we 're both penguins so we should stop arguing . 
  huh ? 
  capitalism is a different sort of system than nazism or communism . 
  this is as no state calls itself to be a representative of ` capitalism ' . 
  capitalism just happens , whereas nazism and communism have to be implemented . 
  also , since capitalism 's enemy is the state , any state sanctioned atrocities like the red indians n shit can hardly be attributed to capitalism . 
  heres a great quote from tony judt . 
  `` the soviet union was always in an undeclared state of civil war against its own citizens . '', 
  you will just see some hippies protesting there , most of which are n't even from west sussex .
