  our high levels of corporate tax means they are forced to avoid to not lose revenue . 
  it 's much easier to say it than to do it . 
  you 're trying to outfox the slyest group of people in the world with most of the worlds resources and most politicians and countries in their pockets . 
  aka will never happen . 
  what ` lost revenue ' ? 
  large corporations have never and never will pay corporation tax . 
  ( which is why many support lowering it , as it is pushed to the consumer and worker ) the government never had that to begin with . 
  well no , the f35 was supposed to be a cheap jet , cheaper than the f22 which was the expensive one . 
  so , complete failure as it costs quite a bit more . 
  because russians are fans of strong men , alpha males . 
  bernie sanders and his finger wagging wo n't exactly put him in the same pages as stalin or katerina the great, 
  jesus christ man . 
  one killed tens of millions , the other tens of thousands . 
  of course they ca n't compare . 
  shit on whoever you want , but dont you dare speak badly of inditex i fucking adore their clothes and their low prices . 
  i mean have you seen them ? 
  they 're god 's brand . 
  it 's thanks to the king 's actions this day that even santiago carillo , a famous spanish communist , stated that ` i 'm not a monarchist , i 'm a * juancarlist * ', 
  actually in recent polls it 's the psoe who loses the most votes , with ciudadanos bouncing up to 17 % and podemos taking the lead from psoe, 
  hey buddy !, 
  ive been following your comments for a while , how 's your job going ? 
  did you get fired from the petro industry ? 
  its just that you 're the only other centrist-liberal spaniard on this sub and we need to look after each other 's back . 
  it 's in the very early process of investigation , charges have n't been brought up . 
  and im sure the ` pablo iglesias started his career as a pawn of iran 's conservative islamic anti-women 's party ' will have some sort of effect . 
  aside from the fact that the legal charges if approved could of course have whichever effect the courts decide . 
  no , it 's a crime for it to be from a corporation , a foreign power , especially one done with a ` bad ' intent like the destabilisation of the west , is doubly bad . 
  this is very different . 
  it 's the money of a foreign power at a time when there was great enmity between the west and iran . 
  also , this has potential legal repercussions as well as political repercussions . 
  by this i mean the moderate psoe voters that seem to be thinking of switching to podemos . 
  i know !, 
  i saw your comment and i replied to the guy , it 's great to see both you and i knew they were extreme , but not just straight make shit up . 
  just here to update you . 
  you are right , of course , as abc news on podemos are mostly bollocks . 
  i started to believe that too and left this story to be one of those ` one off ' scandals abc likes to make up . 
  ... buttt just today elmundo published an article on the leader of hispantv and his links to the iranian government as well as a substantial amount of other facts . 
  quick , short summary of events : a few days ago there surfaced on abc.es a leaked document of an investigation by the spanish police on pablo iglesias earning over 90,000 euros and not declaring it on the official ` transparency ' podemos website as it should have been . 
  later , another document pertained to over 2 million euros being given indirectly to podemos through hispantv from iran . 
  this is illegal as no party can be financed by a foreign power or foreign donor . 
  adding to the feeling of ` this shit is shady ' is the fact that the money went through a marathon of sham companies , and ends up with this guy , mahmoud alizadeh , who ` never wanted to be photographed ' . 
  this article is extremely important , as previously this story was only published on abc , a monarchist , right wing website which clings to the pp . 
  however , elmundo has an excellent reputation of fucking with pretty much everyone , and is a kind of chaotic neutral , if anything leaning towards ciutadans . 
  the police report ... 
  i never said it was black money . 
  he never declared it on his online ` transparency ' page which is meant to list all his income . 
  the illegality commited is due to the possible use of the money to finance podemos . 
  in spain it is illegal for foreign countries to sponsor national aprties , directly or indirectly . 
  it is also a huuuuge deal if completely confirmed , which it seems to be . 
  abc might be a horribly biased news site , but it is legit . 
  crypto fascists ? 
  get the fuck out of here you muppet . 
  a liberal pro-weed , pro judicial reform and pro free markets with catalonians leading the party which have nothing in common with fascists . 
  typical , labelling anyone who does n't agree with you ` fascists ', 
  i think so , around 40 to be exact . 
  update it mate , pp have 123 , psoe have 90 now . 
  hardly terrible for c 's . 
  i 'd say disappointing . 
  never , we 're a civilised people after all . 
  this is political dick waggling , and that 's all it will ever be . 
  a half dead frog is more competent than corbyn . 
  trump is a fucking mastermind . 
  he 's not stupid or ignorant , he just pretends and its going fucking great for him . 
  the us in the top 5 of most wealth and income per capita , the rest being oil rich or tiny nations . 
  what are you on about . 
  the us is fucking amazing in that regard , sure healthcare is bad but if you have a regular job you will get coverage as part of the package , and its usually better than european care where its just ` ma\u00f1ana , ma\u00f1ana ', 
  in most countries it 's like that . 
  you want direct democracy ? 
  let only the elite vote . 
  sadly , the upper and upper middle classes have historically been less demagogic and more forward thinking than the lower classes . 
  ` the best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter ' winston churchill, 
  the eu and your country gives loans and scholarships . 
  you just have to be aware of its existence . 
  ` or you can take a loan out ' . 
  and unis in the uk are cheap , if you go to a good one . 
  did you just seriously mis-quote george bush 's mis-quote ? 
  exactly , in fact scandinavia is one of the most capitalist regions in the world . 
  london business school ? 
  harvard ? 
  i 'm talking about eu universities which are either free , or you can take a loan out . 
  what do you mean, 
  itt : people making excuses of why they 're not going to a top 10 university, 
  how is that proud ? 
  much more civilised and better countries than us have it legalised ... 
  i 'd say i 'm glad , because spain is a country filled with so much scum , which would rise to the top with gun legalisation . 
  guns in canada are as easy to get as in switzerland , or a bit easier . 
  mate , i 'm a liberal . 
  that whole demontando ciudadanos is pointless , because most who vote ciudadanos actually understand and know that they are a centre right party . 
  the pp used to have a great message , but its gone to shit due to inner party bureaucracy and infested with cronies . 
  did n't you read what i said , of why it is a victory ? 
  politics is not as straightforward as you think it is . 
  just to let you and everyone else know ; this is actually a very important victory . 
  looking at things from a default angle wo n't help as this is a specific situation . 
  the election was treated like a plebiscite , which came out against secession . 
  most importantly , c 's became the ` voto util ' , which everyone expected the pp to be . 
  this means that c 's has a chance at becoming the main centre right party in government , and stands to gain tremendously from the pp 's disenchanted voters . 
  literally a stereotypical american . 
  i mean they are in favour of a reform , just not one so extreme that would allow the catalans to secede . 
  as an independendista you must recognise that if any party will work towards solving the problems of catalonia in relation to spain right now in the madrid government it 's them . 
  i mean read up on the political situation in spain before making harsh statements .
