  it 's pretty rare for an elitist bank to go bust . 
  rich people do n't have their money insured so they usually pressure the bank to be more responsible . 
  b-b-baka why * glomps *, 
  would you * seriously * want spanish people running the peseta again ? 
  i do n't trust the eu , but i trust the spanish politicians even less . 
  clearly, 
  i 've lived in sussex , people who are from london are just so much more european , easier to relate to . 
  you heard it here first boys , lets get hunting again !, 
  i know many who consider londoners the best sort of brits !, 
  sorry to be one of them ;d, 
  i 'm loving the french man , but why the double effort ? 
  also , none of my french friends bother with any accentuations . 
  you literally write like a teacher . 
  are you an oldiepie ? 
  and as a matter of fact , many do . 
  it 's the city with the highest concentration of wealth in the world ( i believe ) . 
  i speak german as a second language , fuck me up the anal hole that sounded like dutch with some southern german dialect sprinkled in , could only make out some words . 
  is my german that bad or is her dialect just horrendous ? 
  no , [ this ] ( http://yaakovbcnsnews.bligoo.es/media/users/8/408269/images/public/252050/gibraltar-espa_ol.jpg?v=1339929686632 ) is shots fired, 
  no , that 's not what a liberal wants . 
  do you know what a liberal is ? 
  if you 're from the united states , definitions over there are different . 
  if you 're european ... 
  liberals are pretty universally seen over here as the right wing , defending free trade and markets . 
  you must have been confused with the american and european difference of liberal . 
  trust me , a european definition of liberal is not what you 're saying it is . 
  the best ally of the cartel is the drug war . 
  melilla and ceuta were more than colonies , they were outright spanish . 
  in fact , they opted to stay in spain as they have been with spain since the reconquista which was slightly before spanish colonies came about . 
  they were just a conquest of the time . 
  the portuguese empire was crushed because it was a trade empire mostly based on small trade outposts , which were easily crushed by the dutch naval and british ambitions . 
  exactly , liberalism are complex political ideologies . 
  it 's just that modern liberals , as defined by standard dictionaries , eg neo , are usually more prone to wanting more government intervention rather than the liberals before them , eg classical . 
  ` neo ' is modern . 
  new liberals , which were supposedly created after the liberal reforms , are so termed . 
  base , liberalism eg original liberalism was by definition the protection of individual rights . 
  that is , not of government . 
  liberalism of old , classical liberalism , was by today 's terms pro market and pro individual . 
  in terms of economics , reagan did introduce many neoliberal policies in the us , such as stifling competition , increasing government regulation and banning ` assault weapons ' . 
  do n't listen to what reagan said , watch what he actually did . 
  this is why he is disliked in libertarian ( modern day classical liberals ) circles . 
  he is not a neoliberal , but a neo conservative . 
  a neoliberal is thatcher , who was liberal economically but not socially . 
  he was deputy prime minister , together with lloyd george . 
  he was one of the main driving force behind it , as well as its main lobbyist as he had contacts across the board on both conservative and liberal parties . 
  it was 1906 btw , sorry . 
  no , it is n't . 
  liberalism per se is low government intervention . 
  ( aka privatisation . ), 
  * neo * liberalism is * more * government intervention than classical liberalism ( hence the * neo * ) but less than social democrats ( left liberals ) . 
  reagan imposed the police state , the drug war and interventionism . 
  it was thatcher who did the true market revolution . 
  she was a paleo conservative though , as both neo liberals and classical liberals are social progressives and she was not . 
  mandatory health insurance and accident insurance are not the same as the first social services , and unemployment benefits . 
  remember i 'm talking 1904 . 
  also , the 80 's germany reforms were brought about by conservative appeasement to the liberals . 
  look up the liberal reforms, 
  yeah buddy , it would be a good enough copypasta . 
  holy shit that 's pretty disgusting, 
  you will receive a look of shock on many europeans face when you seem anything * but * a fat , stupid guy on an electric wheelchair . 
  / s over , stereotypes about americans and the us in europe are very strong , especially in the poorer part of europe , the south . 
  expect a warm welcome but behind closed doors they will never accept you . 
  remember taxes are much more than those three . 
  there are infinite amounts of hidden taxes throughout government regulation , and switzerland is known for having the most flexible and easiest to navigate red tape in the world . 
  remember , time is money , and time lost cirumventing long regulations is money lost . 
  that 's why these people move to switzerland , not because of a literal drop in tax . 
  oh , and also the top tax rates are n't shown in this chart . 
  switzerland is much more egalitarian , there is little difference between top and bottom earners income tax . 
  most do n't . 
  ` neoliberal ' are evil people because ` neo ' is a spooky word from the spooky skelington much like ` conglomerate ' . 
  neoliberals , * modern * liberals , are like classical liberals but which support more government involvment in our economy . 
  a good example could be winston churchill , who introduced europe 's first safety net . 
  a socialist introduces government for social justice and worker 's rights , a neoliberal introduces government in the name of country and family . 
  but not what you said in the first comment . 
  technically classical liberals and neoliberals agree on everything economical . 
  since most of what you said was economical , there is no real distinction between them . 
  however , classical liberals are social progressives and neoliberals are social conservatives . 
  ergo , ciutadans are classical liberals as they are behind more drug legalisation , abortion and they are atheists . 
  both want privatisations and small government . 
  also , neoliberals are in favour of war interventionism . 
  you clearly dont ' know what classical liberalism or neoliberalism is . 
  please look up the definitions before putting your ideology before reality . 
  the thing is , any coalition with psoe or pp would mean a huge relations hit for any of the new parties . 
  in fact , a podemos + ciutadans coalition would be much better for them as would a pp + psoe . 
  meaning the next 4 years will probably be a no governance free for all . 
  bien dicho , the ciutadans is one of the only parties in the history of spanish politics which supports free market reforms . 
  also , open primaries . 
  that 's a thing that podemos should too get behind . 
  ` neoliberal ' . 
  kek . 
  ` neo ' is just added to anything nowadays to make it ` evil ' just like ` corporation ' and ` conglomerate ' . 
  ciutadans is a classical liberal leaning party , a position previously unheard of in spanish mainstream politics , in favour of reforming the labour market to make it more flexible ( also reducing power of trade unions ) , an overhaul of the justice system , which does n't work and countless other liberalisation and flexibility reforms . 
  a big reform they want is open primaries , like in the united states or in germany which i think is something anyone can get behind . 
  also , a majority of the gay vote is voting for the fn !, 
  til, 
  no , because you forget all the other rules and regulations which force corporations to go off record . 
  that 's because they are lobbied by those same large corporations so that small and medium businesses who ca n't avoid regulations get stuck with em . 
  ` corporations are people too ' - mitt romney that 'll be my first and last mitt quote . 
  fine , let me say * at the moment * . 
  corporation tax in the 50 's was paid because it was so low avoiding it would have been far too expensive .
