initially , german officials made incorrect statements on the likely origin and strain of escherichia coli . 
  [ 13 ] [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] the german health authorities , without results of ongoing tests , incorrectly linked the o104 serotype to cucumbers imported from spain . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_germany_e._coli_o104:h4_outbreak they blamed it on spain . 
  they were wrong . 
  they did correctly identify the source as you say . 
  i agree with several of your points . 
  but since you gave chlorine chicken as an example ... did you see the latest egg scare ? 
  eu farmers used an illegal pesticide and contaminated eggs . 
  then member states start pointing the finger at each other passing the buck . . then there was the horsemeat scandal a few years back . 
  and a few years before that there were german e-coli cucumbers that killed several people and gave several others kidney failures and germany tried to blame it all on spain before coming clean about it . 
  so yeah , swings & roundabouts i suppose . 
  i am of course interested in quality and price not just price alone . 
  but it 's a bit unfair to say that chinese solar panels are inferior or substandard when they have some of the best production facilities in the world for solar pv and produce very good panels as i 've seen them and know of people using them . 
  the german ones are not any better . 
  agree completely about economics and politics in china . . well . . they 're commies after all  i have studied cap and common fisheries policies during my economics degree and i can say for certain that fr and de are being prioritised over other member states . 
  it is in dire need of reform and i think the eu council even agrees too . 
  thanks for your interesting points . 
  it 's nice to have a discussion without someone trying to bury all your comments because they do n't agree . . 
  i 'm not a brexiteer btw . 
  i voted remain . 
  i 'm incredibly pissed about brexit . 
  but many people do see a decline in british industry while simultaneously favouring france/germany . 
  and it 's not just the uk either . 
  the wiki page for cap explains it quite well as do some news articles but / r/europe is so blinded by everything the eu does being fantastic they downvote me even if some meps agree that cap is detrimental to other member states . 
  as a consumer , my main interest is in price . 
  i would like to be able to purchase chinese solar panels but the tariffs make it economically unviable but favour german produced ones . 
  it sometimes * feels * like the eu favours germany . 
  already do . 
  i refuse to buy chinese veg always checking the country of origin on my food . 
  i also wo n't buy from ebay if it 's a chinese seller or from amazon etc. 
  i 've been burned way too many times . 
  but i would have liked to have bought some solar panels recently from there but again germany is favoured over everyone else . 
  it 's protectionism and it will not last forever . 
   after driving your domestic producers out of business you mean like the eu does with agriculture and fishing ? 
  almost everything comes from china but you 're upset about steel subsidies ? . 
  it 's not short sighted , it 's called free market capitalism . 
  you want to say hey it 's ok to import all those electronic goodies , but people might loose jobs in germany if you import cheap steel ? 
  wow . 
  the eu hands tons and tons of money over to france under common agriculture policy which has killed many industries in other eu member states and i guess you think that 's ok . . but not german steel . . 
  you 're totally right . 
  this is basically the eu protecting germany . 
  while the consumer has to pay a higher price for not being allowed or being penalised for importing cheaper materials from outside the eu . 
  i 'm surprised that people actually like the idea of raising the price of imports so that your expensive home grown steel / solar panel / whatever can get a better market share . 
  it 's not real capitalism / free market if you do this . 
  but hey this is / r/europe so everyone loves it ... why is china subsidies not ok but german ones are ? 
  mexicana . 
  it 's cheddar with jalapenos and chillies, 
  wow . 
  replying 12 days later . 
  still angry or did it take you this long to come up with your reply ? 
   usually in a country , one applies to be a resident and then becomes a citizen . 
  erm , no . 
  you need to qualify to become a citizen . 
  this is * precisely * how it works . 
  perhaps you should look up immigration law . 
  you apply to be a resident , you ask for leave to remain . 
  then you may apply for citizenship after a certain amount of time . 
  my partner is also from a former commie balkan state and this is precisely what she had to do . 
   sorry , but that was a rather uneducated response . 
  it was not . 
  you said i should think . 
  i 've used your system , it 's pants . 
  your attempt to appear more intelligent by ridiculing others ' perfectly valid criticism shows you to be the one lacking in cognitive abilities or perhaps your english is n't so good as you think it is . 
   we do n't think our system is perfect , we are just critical about criticism as well . 
  overtly so . 
  shame it 's not constructive ... now go masturbate to your fantastic creation elsewhere , i do n't give a shit what you think , your system sucks and is poorly implemented and you ca n't even begin to fathom that your system is n't all you make it out to be . 
  i have an australian boss . 
  she speaks to me like this too ... that 's why i 'm leaving . 
  that and the pay is too crap to accept this sort of treatment . 
  sorry but i do n't believe a word of this . 
  the point is it was found in the horsemeat that was illegally put in other foods . 
  so people ended up eating it . 
  a non steroid anti inflammatory drug  in the united states and united kingdom it is no longer approved for human use ( except for ankylosing spondylitis , because no other treatment is available ) , as it can cause severe adverse effects such as suppression of white blood cell production and aplastic anemia . 
  this drug was implicated in the 2013 meat adulteration scandal . 
  positive phenylbutazone tests in horse meat were uncommon in the uk , however . 
   foolish of you to think of it that way . 
  in the single market you get to find out about what 's in your food . 
  these incidents are caught and people are sent to jail . 
  after a few thousand people have eaten it ... remember the german e-coli cucumbers ? 
   in all , 3,950 people were affected and 53 died , but yeah we found out about it !!!, 
  eh its ok . i have some kazakh horsemeat sausages in the fridge . 
  eating horse is n't bad . 
  eating a bunch of bute along with it is . . 
  stop taking the pis ... 
  i actually hope you are right . 
   obama did n't like us too much . . due to mau mau and it 's nice to have a pro-uk president . 
  a trade deal that benefits us both would be great . 
  remember what obama said about it ? 
  that we would be at the back of the queue . . also the eu wants to block it . 
  trump has been very pro brexit and anti-eu but i wonder what congress thinks about it . 
  i just doubt that we are to be given the fantastic trade deals that get mentioned by leavers , nothing has happened and nothing will happen probably during his entire presidency as i do n't think you will be re-electing him but i could be wrong ... and it looks like the uk will have a transitional agreement until 2022 now which means that we still will not be able to negotiate trade deals by ourselves . 
  it would seem a little strange to give preferential treatment to the uk and giving a worse deal to a group of 27 that uses collective bargaining and is considered to be the strongest economy if you look at the eu as a whole . 
  having said all that , it would be great to have a good trade deal with the us . 
  you are more like us / we are more like you than anyone else in the eu . 
  but i doubt trump is doing it out of love for us , if he sees it to be more advantageous to give a better deal to the eu i think he will . 
  ah come on it 's not * just * the brits , i 've seen plenty of wasted germans/poles / and yes even nederlanders in amsterdam . 
  sometimes though , i am very disappointed in my countrymen for example , in ibiza my god . 
  e-residency implies it has something to do with well ... residency . 
  usually in a country , one applies to be a resident and then becomes a citizen . 
  i did think .
