  thanks for the sarcastic response . 
  i 've had digital signatures given to me on a card , just the same as my estonian one . 
  yes , it 's quite simple . 
  the only fact that more countries do n't do it is because they are n't tiny with small number of citizens . . it would cost them billions . 
  i do n't think my criticism was out of place , nor unexplained . 
  i have found the state organs that both implement this and use this to be ineficient , rude to foreigners ( which really shocked me ) and yes go read the documentation for x-road for example , its in estonian . 
  you have to wait 6 months for a badly translated version in english . 
  i get it . 
  you 're proud of the system . 
  it seems most estonians are . 
  i have found it difficult to use , and difficult to work with the state institutions . 
  it 's fair criticism , but seems estonians do n't like being told their system is n't perfect . 
  precisely  there 's a load of brits who think we are going to win some wonderful trade deal with him too ... yeah right . 
  sigh . 
  e-residency is crap . 
  first of all it 's not what it sounds like . 
  it 's got nothing to do with becoming a citizen/citizenship , it mearly means you can sign documents etc remotely . 
  estonia are n't the first to introduce digital certificates either , but they sure love to go on and on about it . 
  lastly , working with ria and maksu - ja tolliamet has made me want to go and hang myself out of frustration on more than one occasion . 
  and , they want to market this shit to other european citizens , well , better start writing the documentation / websites in english then . 
  horribly inefficient . 
  cue loads of eestis telling me that im wrong or it was teething problems or that it 's all better now ( it is n't ) edit : ha downvote . 
  for speaking the truth . 
  i wonder who did that ... . 
  i love estonia btw . 
  but e-residency and the government agencies that use/run it are terrible . 
  it 's 3pm shit better close up shop now ... 
  acting like trump will give a shit ... 
  i 'm more afraid of slipping in the shower than terrorists ... 
  great , thanks for setting this straight , will read this on my lunch break . . 
  agreed . 
  have not read the article because i saw the source too ... but i think this is a bit of an odd one . 
  respectable publications like scientific american gives sources including who that say it 's `` probably carcinogenic '' but at the same time if you google it , you can find newspaper reports saying who says it is `` unlikely to pose a risk '' the guardian article even states  this finding flatly contradicts an assessment by the who 's cancer agency last year that the herbicide solution was `` probably carcinogenic to humans '' . 
  i think it 's fairly safe to say ~ ~ nobody has a fucking clue on the question ~ ~ there is little consensus on the matter, 
  i wonder what implications this has for countries that are islands like the uk . 
  i do n't think anyone just arrives by boat here without having passed through most of mainland europe , they have to travel through several countries first . 
  but i thought the eu was setting quotas for everyone , so how can they be turned away ? 
  confused . 
  better start building a damn infrastructure quickly then . 
  i had a leaf for a while , and finding somewhere to charge it was a pain . 
  often when there was an ev charging spot , someone in a regular ic car parked in it : /, 
  one supermarket here insists on giving you stuff in plastic bags ( you ca n't say no when ordering online ) but if you return them to the driver , they refund the 5p they cost and recycle them for you . 
  paper ones are not too common in the uk , but when i do get some , they go into the recycling and get recycled so not sure what 's so bad here ? 
  are they just expecting that most people will not bother to recycle them ? 
  we more or less have to where i live . 
  they only collect the black bins ( non recycle/food waste ) every 2 weeks and refuse to take any extra bags that do n't fit in the bin , so everything that can be recycled does get recycled simply because you have nowhere else to dispose of it . 
  what i do like about some countries is that you get a refund / deposit back for recycling . 
  we get nothing here so places where recycling is not mandatory ( in flats for example ) there is little incentive to do it ... in my old flats people would simply throw everything into a giant dumpster . 
  it was said in a documentary on transnistria : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msgf4djwirg it 's actually very interesting to watch, 
  aaaaand ... it 's still on going , 
  best system is swiss system . 
  ask the people , not a politician ... 
  i have  i lived in ede for 3 years and wageningen for a year also , do n't tell anyone , but american pancakes are actually big scottish pancakes  i love your butter cake too , and jew cookies ... going to utrecht in 2 weeks so i 'm going to load up my car with tons of delicious nl goodies . 
  wholeheartedly agree . 
  i 've seen his campaign promises , he wants to promise the voters the earth but does n't know how he will achieve it . 
  thats why i 'm shocked at the number of people who love him . 
  a lot of people i know think he is pro-eu and pro-immigration and in reality , he is neither of those things . 
  i do n't think he would make a good leader at all . 
  i 'm not anti-labour , but i do n't like jezza one bit . 
  this is really interesting . 
  as a long time lib dem supporter , i 've been a little perplexed by the number of my friends on social media who seem to love him and many see him as some sort of answer to brexit but refuse to even look at any evidence that he has been anti-eu throughout his entire existence until 2016 when he suddenly became pro-eu . 
  many of said social media friends are also pro-immigration and think that labour are too ... i wonder what they will think of this , probably they will just ignore it . 
  oooh wassat not tried that one ? 
  on another note , your bacon is kinda funky . 
  it 's thinner than ham !, 
  please ... tell me where can i buy said ham :d i 'm intrigued ... beer ham is ham made with belgian beer . 
  it 's delicious . 
  i 'm also eating some lovely polish ham right now called `` old polish ham '' by a company called henryk kania, 
  lol . 
  replying to my own comment but hey , i 'm drunk ... 
  in sweden they have `` piggham '' in netherlands they have achterham and schouderham . 
  but all just ham . 
  we have , let 's see ... 
  honey roast ham wiltshire cured ham . 
  and my personal fucking favourite : beeeeer ham . 
  https://www.tesco.com/groceries/product/details/default.aspx?id=282481073 fun fact , in sweden and many other eu countries , the main dish at christmas is ham . 
  not turkey . 
  here it 's a side dish at christmas . 
  edit : downvotes ? 
  really ? 
  it 's a conversation about fucking ham . 
  my god ... 
  only italy has ham !, 
  we ( brits ) have about 4 or 5 different hams that i can think of , maybe more , still nobody cares about british ham ... it 's all about unpronounceable italian stuff ... :d it 's all ham to me , tastes good . 
  think italian ham is n't pressed and full of water too ? 
  think again ... mortadella though , thats totally something else ... 
   lingonberries . 
  kottbullaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrr . . whoops i let my swedish out . 
  but . . transnistria is sovereign nation . 
  / s very / s haw haw haw . 
  do n't they still have kgb and the soviet union never ended ? 
  fascinating place ... 
  they had a massive collapse in their housing market , which is only just beginning to pick up now . 
  a lot of rich people moved out , a lot of newly built houses never got sold so there are some fantastic deals to be had in spain . 
  of course if you wanted to go live in madrid or barcelona you are going to pay very high prices , but living in other towns you can really find a bargain . 
  but being british we all seem to end up in spain lol . 
  it 's hot and it 's cheap so thats why we love it . 
  i already speak spanish so i 'm sure i 'll get along well . 
  incidentally , i can understand bulgarian cyrillic too , do n't hate me but i can speak russian and read cyrillic so to me it seems almost the same . 
  i know it 's not but at least i can read signs and text in cyrillic .
