  you 'll get downvoted because you made a pointless comment . 
  ya holy shit that sub . 
  just saw a comment saying `` kill all white people '' . 
  i only got one for / r/offmychest saying i was banned after commenting on / r/tumblrinaction , but i was banned from a few more . 
  we really out here, 
  i have n't got it yet , can you share the link please ? 
  thanks !, 
  still ca n't play from nz though :(, 
  you listen to the first 10 , i 'll do next 10 , and somebody else can do the last 12 . 
  easy listening . 
  maybe d.r.u.g.s. ? 
  spotify has n't got full album for me yet so idk what 's good :(, 
  u bout to get a lot of karma, 
  can you hit me with that torrent too please, 
  can somebody ask if he 's gon na put his album on spotify for people outside of us or not . 
  thanks . 
  stronger is still fire . 
  works on facebook since we ca n't downvote . 
  not so much here . 
  cheers dude, 
  by the looks of the bk i went to they must have made a decent amount off that sponsorship . 
  may i ask why not ? 
  you really live up to your flair . 
  especially on the bonus episode where sean seemed greatful that dick said he was n't going to talk about it and then he went on more about it and sean seemed pretty uncomfortable . 
  so random !, 
  did it work ? 
  nope , i like him as a person . 
  he went off the deep end when his mom died in 2007 due to a surgery he paid for , he 's said in lyrics he 's been in lexapro ( antidepressant ) and has said that he 's gone on rants or whatever when he 's off them . 
  he 's had some disagreements with longtime friends recently too . 
  the media like to shit on him because he 's an easy target , so anybody who only sees headlines thinks he 's just some selfish asshole . 
  nobody understands him, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's seems intense for a cam girl . 
  we need to retire this one now . 
  m e m e s, 
  well first off i do like him , and you ca n't really say what i do and do n't like . 
  second , you 're saying i ca n't like him based off the things he does ? 
  does that mean i ca n't like anybody i do n't know ? 
  do you know what the word `` like '' even means ? 
  no , because kanye is alive right now and we can see what he does . 
  it 's not like the video and photo evidence of him doing stuff is fake , good or bad . 
  yup , my pump icon is on the right and i have no arrow , but the fuel cap is actually on the left . 
  it does n't forbid me from liking him . 
  plus the woman in that case only has that to show for what they 've done , a celebrity has a lot more . 
  does that mean i ca n't dislike celebrities for things they 've done if i ca n't like them for things they 've done ? 
  i like them based off of what i know , is n't it the same with everything . 
  that 's not what you were saying at the start though , you were saying i could n't like him only his music . 
  i obviously know he does n't know i exist , but it does n't mean i ca n't relate to his problems and like him because of his actions and similarities . 
  plus , he is the one who has talked about it and given the information . 
  i think that 's what the guy above was meaning . 
  my car is n't like that however . 
  find me the / r/blackpeopletwitter post he stole this from , please lol, 
  damn , i wanted / r/realturtleworlds . 
  for real , fhd did n't have an outstanding review either , and got 6.9 vs this albums 6.7 . 
  yes !, 
  i went in the other day and asked when they 'd get them and they said probably january . 
  way more expensive than my opo was though :(, 
  ah right . 
  i might wait to see how much for the 128gb model , if they jack up the price too much i 'll prob just grab the 64gb model . 
  he does n't mention you because he literally does n't care about your podcast . 
  probably does n't know what it is . 
  \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af fair enough you got me, 
  both sides were equally as bad , ca n't we just ban politics or something . 
  i saw some guy claiming every trump supporter was a neo nazi . 
  you can press a/z when you 're clicked on the post to upvote/downvote without the buttons or needing to sub . 
  what was the score before/for stock 2013, 
  i think they were saying it 's not always the case . 
  well damn , that 's a massive improvement . 
  year 7-8 or for me year 7-10 . 
  i think it depends . 
  like springs , everything is a bag . 
  therefore the earth is a bag . 
  checkmate . 
  i would love to know traffic statistics from a couple of years ago through to now . 
  i 'd say there would be a massive increase throughout election time . 
  i purchased this book in 2011 !, 
  it was trash . 
  i got ta watch a livestream sometime , they start at 6am my time though so it 's difficult . 
  i usually get it open and just fall back to sleep . 
  now i can be mad at op again !, 
  well they died in the end did n't they ? 
  for me it 's memes . 
  jesus christ that 's low engagement , even for facebook . 
  yeah i found that , especially the dlc challenges since less people have the dlc . 
  i 'll have to try those ones , thanks !, 
  ac is really bringing my average game achievements down . 
  i think i have about 40 something but it 's still less than 10 percent . 
  i 'll have to go for those , thanks . 
  what 's that for ? 
  damn that 's low . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll try for the fasten the seatbelts one . 
  she thicc . 
  this happened with me and peep show . 
  it 's a great show , but i cringed so much that i could n't handle it . 
  but brigading !!!, 
  seriously , in / r/politics anybody in the 3.2 million people subbed that agrees with trump , or even hopes he does well is a brigader . 
  yeah , it 's much worse . 
  that 180 was the biggest turnarounds i 've seen , and it was * fucking great * . 
  the mod post before he won saying shit about `` no matter who you support '' it 's fine only made it better .
