  ] ( http://tinychat.com/ssf3/ce3502/a1/kitty/khsunny786/07-30-2013 ) i went on the other day and it was dead . 
  all i found was zombie servers , servers that said i was full , or servers with high ping . 
  i 'm with you there . 
  man i wish i got a r.a.t 5 , i got a 7 and i hate the laser sensor . 
  yep , this exactly . 
  plus it 's so damn sensitive that if dust gets in the sensor it fucks up . 
  what currency though ... 
  edit : it was a joke guys , calm . 
  fps_max 0 or fps_max 1000000 uncaps completely if it is capped , but that sounds about right . 
  it 's not the most demanding game . 
  this should n't be seen as every silver . 
  i meant any big number , but if you put 0 will it go above 999 , or is that absolute max ? 
  yeah , i do n't either . 
  but would source or 1.6 do the same ? 
  i 'm looking for a short mechanical keyboard , without letters on the keycaps . 
  i like the look of the daskeyboards , but i do n't like the full length . 
  where do you get your stuff from , do you ship it or buy it from a store ? 
  i find it really difficult to get parts etc. 
  nice setup dude . 
  yeah thanks , sorry for the late reply , is trademe trustworthy ? 
  ! remindme 4 hours, 
  i can gift you a copy of csgo , why do you want 4 for 1 though ? 
  not for free , to trade ? 
  you say you have 4 csgo keys ? 
  added . 
  what is this from ? 
  might like red . 
  most 5:4 monitors run at 75hz . 
  apartments shot ? 
  that shot when the guy comes from ct side ? 
  semphis also had one the other day i think . 
  so did pasza . 
  [ here 's my laptop one ] ( http://puu.sh/bv0ca/a641705a5b.jpg ) , not near desktop but it looks pretty similar . 
  it stacks up surprisingly quick , plus it 's not like you actively have to do it , theres no downside . 
  if you play games normally with it open you eventually get a reward . 
  yeah it has to be open . 
  i 'm choosing australia as well . 
  why no option , there 's literally dozens of us . 
  if i get annoyed i just lean back , breath out and close my eyes . 
  remember it 's just a game . 
  changed anything on your computer recently ? 
  and every time new zealand is on international news , we are like excited kids . 
  when i saw this at the top of / r/all i was so happy and i 'm really not sure why . 
  are we ever in the news for the right reasons ? 
  does it make up for [ this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rwjuiapkeaw ), 
   big boobs, 
   actually , i do n't care about the boobs at all, 
  hey everyone !, 
  this guy 's a phony !, 
  a big fat phony !, 
  what if she 's into that ? 
  both are quite crunchy when uncooked . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  what licorice ? 
  red licorice is damn good , but i agree the rest is gross . 
  in this thread or in different threads ? 
  what ? 
  my mouth never feels scratchy . 
  how 's that a bug ? 
  nope , taken on dads oneplus one , sent to my mums phone , uploaded to facebook , ca n't get original because dad is in america ( doing route 66 ) , so i 'm stuck with a bad quality one . 
  she got $ 100 dollars as well . 
  yep , it was fine for old phones , but now it should n't really be viable . 
  i went with a friend and his dad , and before another friend and his dad . 
  the second friend could n't come because his mum thought the same thing , kinda sucks really . 
  but the whole team has an awp so it 's fine ? 
  just went to the shop and got one , was n't supposed to happen this quick but oh well . 
  i meant mx100 aha . 
  it was on sale so i thought what the hell . 
  i even turned password off on start-up . 
  it just got too in the way . 
  did n't for me . 
  annoying when trying to show friend who plays console how fast it boots , but he thinks it was a waste of money . 
  ah well . 
  it 's so worth it . 
  have fun with it . 
  i was thinking of putting cs : go on it , but i was n't sure how much i 'd need the rest of the space . 
  my mouse is like that . 
  just sits there for a few seconds before deciding to work . 
  i got the mx100 128gb . 
  people told me it was a good drive , plus anything is better than a hard drive . 
  i went from playing on a laptop with a 5400 rpm drive to 7200 rpm . 
  it was the same feeling i have now . 
  that 's my next investment !, 
  and valve could implement it into actual games , and have it happen faster than overwatch !, 
  it 's not a necessity , but that 's like saying why get a titan z when a 270 has so much better price to performance , or why get a 120hz when 60hz does similar for cheaper . 
  it 's a luxury , and imo it 's worth it . 
  and between hdd and ssd performance can be over 50 % , have a less rate of failure , are lighter , smaller , quiter , stay cooler , etc. 
  it 's not all about price to performance all of the time . 
  fallout would be 1/10th of the space on there though . 
  maybe when i get a bigger ssd . 
  i remember car going in mirage . 
  goddamn that thing was op . 
  i have a hard drive as well , but as a boot drive and general programs drive it works wonders . 
  i know what you mean , but in aus servers , i 've had 2 obvious cheaters in my 250 wins , and one got banned on the spot . 
  there are a lot of smurfers though , which makes me mad . 
  the only time it 's a compliment . 
  i think about this stuff everytime i see one of these . 
  it 's amazing .
