  yeah, 
  can i still use deepin ? 
  i mean is puppy a completely different linux distro ? 
  alright thanks . 
  how does he get around that building though , because i feel if the whole building was in focus , it would n't seem the same , and if none was in focus , then it also would n't feel the same . 
  a cannon made of glass , or a cannon that fires glass ? 
  i pick a tec-9 for a few reasons , longer hs range , larger clip , more fun . 
  it 's been removed , does anybody know what it said ? 
  i 'm not sure if it counts as a ninja , but if the situation is right , i 'll often smoke and defuse . 
  it 's a good strategy that works most of the time . 
  do i type that in terminal while in deepin ? 
  what happens if it did n't do the trick ? 
  my friend comes in with a new laptop , tells me `` and its got graphics ! '', 
  he is a bit of a peasant though . 
  most media in nz is severely uninformed about anything technology related , and them trying to comprehend gamergate is like a 2 year old trying to comprehend rocket science . 
  wow this is dumb . 
  i have windows 8.1 , but that 's all it will boot into , whatever i select it boots into 8.1 . 
  idk what it is though , but i think it might be that . 
  and then i think people will think i 'm crazy typing like `` nice sht dude . 
  g fr it . '', 
  ~ ~ [ here is the chorus ( i think ) / part i remember ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s109jufeugla ) ~ ~ got it , thanks to / u/heyletsbang , here 's the recording though . 
  this is it !, 
  thank you , funny how far off my guesses were , but you found it amazingly . 
  if i repress shift it works usually . 
  does it stay on ? 
  would it show in demo ? 
  what one is supporting it and against ? 
  like if i support it what does that mean i agree with the feminists or whatever , or the other guys ? 
  ( i do n't know a lot about this thing ), 
  i learned that pc was indeed the masterrace , and was converted . 
  i watched that a while back , but i feel like i 'm still missing something , plus that was n't very helpful , and seemed too rushed . 
  i did read up on it , but if i 'm anti gg , who would i support ? 
  you work at the edge ? 
  nice man , how 'd you get that job ? 
  also good luck !, 
  so most people around here support it ? 
  i see , thanks for taking the time to explain . 
  hopefully gamersgate does n't have too much damage done from this , i feel bad for them . 
  thanks , it sounds like fun , especially if you get free tickets to lorde !, 
  can we see a post of all of your recent games under watch tab , to see if you are paying at the top in every game . 
  but if you really are good enough , you 'll carry yourself out of silver , even if you lose some overall you 'll win more , and get out of silver . 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but i 'm pretty sure 80 % of silvers have this mentality , yet they 're all still in silver . 
  at a comic/gaming convention , they 're offering free name changes for xbox users . 
  it 's in nz though , so if you live here then you can get it changed for free . 
  yeah , when i was a peasant and i learned about this i thought it was ridiculous , i think it was equivalent to like $ 5 , but i 'm not sure . 
  they praise him in that article , but he did something a 5 year old would do and fill the thing up with spaces . 
  what a l33t h4ck3r . 
  you fucking stopped i told you not to stop what the fuck, 
  it 's not all abutt the grafix it 's about new games and stuff , these consoles are more sinematic . 
  i could n't make it . 
  you were doing gods work brother . 
  it never stops . 
  does nz count ? 
  specs ? 
  he 's looking right twice , but mixes it up with a left look . 
  nice , i have a pretty similar build . 
  you might want to clean up that cable management though . 
  half your age plus 7 ? 
  is that the rule ? 
  yeah the psu cables being colored do n't help . 
  mine looks similar :| . 
  average for the win !, 
  might want to post to / r/wigglegrams , they might appreciate it . 
  csgo or dota then , give him a nerf gun or something . 
  thoughtful gifts ? 
  strange and late question , but what keyboard is that at # 56 ? 
  i 'd go with h440 . 
  looks too damn good . 
  fuck this is posted a lot . 
  also , the awp | boom does more damage than the normal awp . 
  i even fucking googled luke ness , even after reading the tree fitty . 
  i 'm dumb . 
  i like the story , but i never saw it as edgy or deep , just a story . 
  the song is more than the story though , it has a nice beat and a nice flow , and the track after is nice as well . 
  really ? 
  i 've only seen it on my laptop , but at 720p , it seems really zoomed in . 
  90 % is about right in here . 
  ah , well that was quick . 
  quicker than the csgo devs actually . 
  i know , just a joke . 
  i would n't like small updates straight after each big update other to fix little bugs anyway , much rather regular , large updates . 
  will you ? 
  i need a high quality one pls . 
  do people say alot a lot ? 
  so am i !, 
  what i wan na know is when summer is gon na come . 
  what did he say ? 
  well if it did n't get stuck , he could have played in those 30 minutes . 
  sorry , i just took the screenshot and pasted it in . 
  [ when you search the video that was playing stays up . 
  thanks , but there 's a circle around it . 
  i searched a new video , and my video stayed up . 
  well fuck me . 
  thanks for that lol . 
  i think most of us are here . 
  why are you commenting on this old post ? 
  i 'd say still 60fps , not 120 . 
  60fps has been a standard for a long time . 
  super mario brothers was 60fps , gameboy games , old ps/xbox games , all up until ps3/xbox360 , where consoles turned to something they should n't be , and people were spoon fed bullshit about 30fps , and now we get shit pc ports locked at 30 . 
  what color is this ?
