  i feel * finding dory * is majorly going to do this . 
  what ones are examples of sequels being different stories ? 
  i have never heard of this , and i do n't want to ... 
  oh yes , this really grinds my gears . 
  foot, 
   1 ) you must post a clear and direct question , and only the question , in your title . 
   2 ) askreddit is for thought-provoking , discussion-inspiring questions . 
  askreddit is not your research source . 
  if the answer can be googled , or adequately answered in one word , it 's not right for this subreddit . 
  i am going to dc on sunday ... 
  new zealand and america, 
  so time machines are invented in 2026 ? 
  i 'm guessing you did n't marry him ? 
  oh i live in new zealand too, 
  for male , on a scale of 1-10 , how old is your girlfriend/wife ( if they do n't have one , the girl they like ), 
  like panic disorder/anxiety attacks or something along those lines . 
  i never thought of that us as the problem, 
  hawaiian pizza , meatlovers pizza and strawberry-marshmallow ice-cream . 
  mac & cheese , beef pasta w / tomato paste stuff . 
  strawberry ice-cream , cereal and yogurt . 
   eat a king, 
  ftfy, 
  yes , that suits reddit perfectly , but it does need more cats . 
  he flew, 
  temporaldistortions is ruthless, 
  ever seen bee movie ? 
   ride our bikes around the block, 
  ca n't we do that now ? 
  i used to be scared when people said no , and i cried every time somebody said no to me . 
   road trips would be longer . 
  ftfy, 
  i live in new zealand, 
  lots of cows aswell, 
  what school ? 
  kristin ? 
  kristin, 
  11 , you ? 
  name ? 
  good idea . 
  you wo n't sleep \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
  you did n't have to cuuttt me offf, 
  somebody i know just forgot everything for a couple of days after she was resuscitated , and they say there was n't anything , she was clinically dead for 14 minutes . 
  might just be them but i dunno . 
  smartphones / portable devices such as tablets . 
  same here , anything but regular chocolate . 
  y2k ... 
  punch walls . 
  you just walk up to a man and say this ? 
  shit dude , i 'm exactly the same . 
  i get like panic attacks and shit . 
  favorite : having boobs, 
  least favorite : having a penis, 
  `` so jim , how 's sheryl ? '', 
  `` good '', 
  `` cool '', 
  thanks :d, 
  both, 
  i 'm 15 so i have a while , but yeah ... 
  yeah at nights worst for me too : /, 
  i keep coming back to this subreddit to see if there is something after , like all those stories about people going to amazing places after they die . 
  i think i need an escape and am kind of wanting and hoping that will be true , even though i know deep down that its not . 
  no :( i 'm male , actual is ; fav : having a penis . 
  least fav : not having boobs . 
  :( although as awkward as having both would be , you do get the best of both worlds :d people think you are a woman , and you have boobies , but no periods , and you can masturbate . 
  * edit : put an `` a '' in so people would n't be creepy *, 
  i have seen you too many times on this thread ... 
  yo dawg , i heard you like chalk , so i gave you chalk so you could draw chalk , so you could chalk with your chalk . 
   a cheque for oh say maybe 5 trillion dollars . 
  ftfy, 
  * and neither *, 
  does n't matter , had sex . 
  thats what i was thinking to ... 
  peace, 
  one language everywhere , does n't have to be english , but i think everybody should speak the same language . 
  bear claws . 
  * edit : grammar *, 
  i 'm a guy and i thought this untill i was twelve , and i thought i had some problem . 
  in clean water . 
  do you have a beard . 
  badass-ness needs a beard to be complete . 
  why ? 
  go home, 
  if you got $ 0 i could only laugh . 
   cumming this summer ? 
  ftfy, 
  uummm ... number one . 
  i 'll go with one . 
  it 's fuzzy , but i think there was a short time . 
  if only i had money to give you gold . 
  2/10 would use again . 
  and in cups ... 
  is only smellz . 
  ask her through facebook or text then if shes like wtf say somebody hacked your phone or account . 
  the game was worse ... 
  this is not the time , nor the place . 
  * edit : it is the place , just not the time *, 
  i think everybody does . 
  thats not even its final form ... 
  green mile , good book , even better movie , michael duncan is amazing . 
  is this from experience ?
