  can you tell us some more things from the future . 
  yeah , the phone is not for the average / r/android user , it 's for an uninformed buyer who will see a phone they like at a high price and think high price means good , not for somebody who needs every feature . 
  how do you know the pixel wo n't have good cs ? 
  theyre trying something new . 
  oh wait , you do n't actually know . 
  for added features on its new flagship . 
  which everybody is complaining about here for lack of features . 
  and now they 're complaining when it has exclusive features . 
  i can get high screen on time if i use it straight from charge ( 6 or so hours ) , but it does n't hold up well in idle or listening to music . 
  still decently happy with it . 
  and then you 'll complain it 's too expensive ? 
  you are going to have to sacrifice some features or your money , it 's just a damn phone . 
  is there a way to make sure you get an exynos samsung phone ? 
  or is it pure luck ? 
  [ here 's the piano version ] ( https://twitter.com/wauterboi/status/782833600362229764 ) , the song sounds so good on so many different instruments . 
  wauterboi is ridiculously talented . 
  they look fine here , but on any car they look pretty atrocious . 
  idk if it 's just me , but i am from a place that uses metric apart from one thing , which is pressure . 
  everything i 've measured pressure-wise has been in psi when noted down , or displayed . 
  might be different for space exploration , but maybe that 's why . 
  i never said i knew , i said they 're trying something new * which they definitely are * , because of this they * might * have better cs , they might not . 
  saying definitively they wo n't have good cs is kinda stupid . 
  marketing a phone as their own independent flagship phone . 
  they 're completely changing the phone they sell , it was mid range phones before that not many people knew , now they 're going after premium phones for the average consumer and marketing the shit out of it . 
  if that 's all different why should n't cs be ? 
  they even have a 24/7 customer support/help tab in their settings . 
  i 'm not very good with audio stuff but i tried , the songs are at different speeds so i gave up . 
  when did i say it was good ??? 
  i just said what they were doing . 
  and customer support means so many different things , and now you decide it means software updates ? 
  say software updates if that 's what you mean . 
  from the customer point of view , sure . 
  but from their point of view the nexus line is dead , and they want people to buy the pixel , so if not giving the nexus features will bring people to the pixel ( probably will since a lot of nexus users want the latest and greatest ) , then that 's the best option . 
  it made me happy , seeing somebody taking so long as if they 're trying to show off , and failing so perfectly . 
  he apparently means software updates , not cs . 
  so you say updates in 1 comment early on , then multiple comments down you * say * customer support , but * mean * updates , and i 'm supposed to know what you mean ? 
  this video seems like satire , like somebody is parodying that type of person that thinks rock n roll is the devils music . 
  when she said she listen to the christian station it only made it better . 
  edit : why the downvotes ? 
  i just meant it 's funny because it seems so ridiculous . 
  i feel a dj would be better at mixing tracks , maybe not tim changzzzzzz though . 
  source ? 
  i tried going on that channel and searching , looking through the videos i thought it would be on but could n't find it . 
  some people do it with the intent to pass out , so you never know . 
  who also died less than a year after vladimir 's death . 
  pretty tragic . 
  it 's not really starving it , it 's not suddenly missing features that every other phone will have , and it still has some features that only the pixel and nexus will have . 
  i do n't think nexus was sold on cool features , but rather the latest stock android and a benchmark for android os , and from what i can tell google is n't saying the pixel is running stock android so it 's not like google expects everybody to have it . 
  if you can get a cheaper phone with the exact same stock android and pretty good software support still , but slightly worse hardware , would n't you get it ? 
  google is trying to stop that . 
  i get what you mean with software vs hardware features , but i think this first pixel has had a ridiculous amount of money put into marketing so that 's included in the price , skipping more on costly hardware features , opting instead for software . 
  preferably easy quick fixes , not take the whole screen off ,, 
  and daydream ready . 
  if you had a nexus you were spoiled , a lot of manufacturers still have a lot of phones without marshmallow . 
  i 'm not sure for oneplus but seriously if you 're not buying a google phone do n't expect much . 
  why are they getting shorter :(, 
  yeah i 'm maxed out on the dick support . 
  needs a $ 1000 benefactor option ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  haha you posted yours 4 seconds earlier , you win . 
  i think it 's more marc maron will have the honor of being interviewed by dick at this stage . 
  that translates to $ 200k where i am ( nz ) , that 's ridiculous . 
  he needs to be top 50 on patreon . 
  i have n't watched it !, 
  even the last episode was only 23 minutes . 
  any sips is good though . 
  ah right , have n't watched it yet . 
  we out here . 
  with the guitar theme that was made . 
  that would be great . 
  i think you mean liquorhead . 
  i 'm not sure what an alcohuacalism is . 
  that is one nice looking dick . 
  both options are too much . 
  they have n't added the gas tanks into the game yet that 's why you ca n't make them . 
  loving the series, 
  is n't / r/news the opposite thought ? 
  why do n't you complain about them too ? 
  i 'm genuinely asking . 
  thanks !, 
  so would it be sensible i learnt bsl first and then learnt nzsl ? 
  because there are a lot more comprehensive guides on bsl than on nzsl . 
  i 'm in auckland so it should n't be too hard . 
  thanks !, 
  oh nice , thanks i 'll take a look at those . 
  only on 7.0 ? 
  you 're not classic , you 're geriatric . 
  did you just welcome me to reddit ? 
  you fucking corporate shill doing their work for them . 
  ( circlejerk ), 
  so you 're complaining you clicked on a link that was not safe for work , and it was actually not safe for work . 
  you did n't offend anybody , it 's just a dumb argument to try and make . 
  that is ... comprehensive . 
  yes , they obviously made 3 of them to sell . 
  no shit , that 's fredd dagg ? 
  would n't have recognised him . 
  did n't he side with madoff ? 
  i think there 's a viewer discretion warning because you are actually listening to a cunt , which might be considered not safe for work . 
  who really knows why . 
  new account ? 
  check,
