  it should work the same . 
  holy shit thanks i would n't have got that . 
  that was way different than what i was trying to do . 
  yeah i thought it was clever . 
  it 's pretty difficult to explain why it 's funny , but it sure breaks up the depressing posts that are on this sub , giving me a ray of hope for happiness in my life which is quickly gone when i go to the next post . 
  haha woops me too thanks . 
  earls has n't been posted but in a comment they said they have recorded one or something . 
  what i did was i started to learn in grass , when i could get the back wheels off the ground at all i moved to a crack in the back wheels . 
  then i tightened the wheel nuts and started on flat ground and slowly loosened them as i got better , then started moving . 
  did n't take too long , but as long as you 're having fun that 's all that matters . 
  i agree with the other comment left , and i also think he is helping heaps to get more people into skating . 
  i always wanted to but i tried when i was a kid and gave up . 
  i just picked up a board the other day after watching heaps of his videos . 
  i think like he said with the smaller apex the bezels look smaller . 
  but then a skateboard would probably be to small for them . 
  well the comment is pretty low hanging and not that funny , which is reddits speciality . 
  haha did you see the part where they said `` woop there it is '', 
  same here , i just used a vpn . 
  yeah the audio is backwards . 
  if you 're using chrome/firefox on desktop you right click on the image and click search google for this image . 
  it 's stupid advice though because it 's different for everybody and does n't always work . 
  woah there are more ,, 
  woahh no shit , i have mutual friends with him on facebook . 
  there is a reason they use a screenshot of the viewfinder . 
  it 's not just to annoy r/android users . 
  you 're saying then what is the endgame like you thought picture quality was it . 
  the endgame is quick pictures that can be snapped easily and quickly . 
  fuuuck that ruins my hopes of getting one . 
  i 'll just get an axon 7 instead . 
  less data when sending/recieving snaps , for me it 's a lot quicker than taking a normal photo , it wo n't waste as much resources as taking a proper picture . 
  what ? 
  they note hire developers who are definitely competent enough to use androids own camera api , but what is the point of sending a 13 megapixel photo that you can only see for 10 seconds . 
  what is quicker though ? 
  downscaling or taking a screenshot of the screen ? 
  no , not without other sacrifices . 
  you 'd get an increase in quality but people already complain on here about snapchat using heaps of data , plus battery life would take a hit with the camera constantly ready to go , it would be slower if they kept the live viewfinder, 
  on top end phones , sure . 
  what about on 5 year old phones , or people with 60 dollar phones . 
  sorry was tired . 
  a person on a slow phone is n't going to care that snapchat is taking a screenshot , they are going to care about the camera taking 2 seconds . 
  pic of caps ? 
  haha not as bad as razer 's font , but not great . 
  youre close to my timezone , are nz or aus ? 
  or somewhere else ? 
  you say just , but he did it 2 weeks earlier . 
  hey i 'm at huia and know people at o'rorke , what floor you on ? 
  oh i know people on 4th and 5th , what floor do you know people on at huia ? 
  yeah it has 11 floors , compsci , you ? 
  nice haha . 
  or for checking if the content will be good to post there . 
  because there are 3 states put as similar size , so they put numbers there to separate them . 
  why ? 
  how is it funny ? 
  i 'm all for dark humor but that 's not it , it 's just trying to be edgy . 
  it 's not actually edgy , but he 's attempting to make fun of a guy who just failed to save a kids life . 
  i 'm not really sure of a better example of trying to be edgy . 
  i am in the same boat . 
  if you read my first comment i said i 'm all for dark humor but that is n't it . 
  it 's just not a funny joke . 
  i do n't even think it 's a joke , let alone a dark joke . 
  the guy also looks like he dropped something on the ground and is crouching to pick it up , also looks like he had too much to drink and needs a minute . 
  me saying those things is n't funny . 
  i 'm pretty sure ariel is not a rag tag team , they make light sport/super cars . 
  that 's $ 35.1 / kg , i 'm pretty sure you could buy a a lot more smaller toblerones for the same price . 
  why do you think we 're getting triggered , that ` joke ' is not that offensive . 
  it 's just not funny , not because of the guys story but because it 's not humorous . 
  / u/notstellate, 
  this sub because popular because they switched from depressing posts like these to just `` best of / r/me _ irl '' . 
  i think a bunch of mods got removed too , but maybe that was the / r/meirl drama . 
  after a while i think they reverted back to depressing posts , i 'm not sure though i do n't check in on it . 
  and instead it 's thinking about something somebody said days or weeks ago . 
  title says to get new * coach * , ken says most ca n't afford a * couch * . 
  it looks like the front wheels are sliding , so flooring it will just make the wheels spin more and slide more . 
  yeah it also looks like it 's wet and all wheels start to slide pretty quickly . 
  i like it on the bottom because then if you 're charging and using the headphone jack the cords come out of the same place . 
  how degraded is your battery ? 
  mine does n't last very long anymore . 
  i like my strokes unenthusiastic . 
  i think that 's a regular 6 not a 6p, 
  i 'm talking about the one he purchased , since that was not only what he searched , but also the focus point of the post . 
  you can tell because it says motorola as the manufacturer . 
  what 's up with the bottom row of her teeth ? 
  might not want to post your number on here . 
  you should pm them instead . 
  and the driver did n't check their blind spot , and gave no warning before changing lanes . 
  alright $ 15000 it is . 
  what device are you on that its a raygun ? 
  for me it 's a revolver . 
  i recommend earl sweatshirt if you 're into hip hop . 
  better contrasting , i 'm white and have a gold one and it looks fine , plan to get a silver one later in the year though . 
  i got some all black ones , they are pretty good !, 
  i recommend earl sweatshirt , amazing flow over mellow beats . 
  there can never be a thread where they 're posted without it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the carbon fiber board has a few layers of maple wood in it , but it 's primarily carbon fiber or something . 
  wait is this for real ? 
  why bring politics into it ? 
  life is strange you have the power to rewind time . 
  that 's not a regular person . 
  the song solace is also really good . 
  maybe you do , but the all powerful maddox cures anything .
