  go buy itunes a server , go buy your whole company servers . 
  [ thread on r/iamverysmart ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/iamverysmart/comments/3v6lt3/and_im_speaking_as_a_twelveyearold/ ), 
  he 's allowed to be an idiot , sure . 
  everybody was dumb when they were 12 . 
  does n't mean i ca n't post it here if it fits though . 
  hhh and the rest of reddit have completely different rap music tastes . 
  i know you 've gotten multiple messages already , but that 's not a paradox . 
  if he says he knows it will grow , he 's lying since he does n't actually know that , he 's just thinks it will, 
  i went back to see and got the ankle . 
  damn . 
  yeah i wanted to see a kill with it , oh well . 
  for a reason . 
  i do n't see why op thinks we should be able to see it , there is no point . 
  a lot of people do n't overwatch , so it could show one or two correct overwatches , and you 'd think they were n't credible , but the ones they 've done are correct . 
  also , people do n't just play competitive , i know on surf servers i play on people just ask for commendations , and with 20 + people on a server at one time people often do it giving them heaps of commendations . 
  does that make them more credible ? 
  i know for a fact a lot of them cheat , but they have 1000s of hrs in game , and lots of commendations , mostly both of which are from surf , so when they do go play comp according to you they 'd be credible . 
  you may not think there 's a lot of them , but on the few servers i play on , i can think of about 10 + . 
  that would be a lot better , but what is it actually adding ? 
  weight to your reports ? 
  so people just starting out do n't get a say ? 
  or people who do n't play as much do n't get a say ? 
  there 's also a difference between watching a cheater from their perspective and watching them by vsing them in the game . 
  whyd you mod r/furryhate while being a furry ? 
  i dont get it . 
  but its not really messing with people if they think you hate furries , but you are one . 
  oh well , as long as it makes you happy i guess . 
  me too thanks . 
  i would also like a link . 
  please . 
  doing a thing in titty city ? 
  people do . 
  just because things are different now , does n't mean people do n't have these experiences and emotions . 
  i thought it was used ironically , but apparently not . 
  it sounds ridiculous . 
  too bad he 's from the uk after this years performance by them . 
  as a new zealander , none of those are very good . 
  3rd biggest problem in the universe !, 
   can i have a boyfriend like this, 
  he fails to see that the all of the guys in the pictures are conventionally attractive . 
  when they say `` can i have a boyfriend like this '' , they do n't want one that will just do all that , they still want him to be good looking , which i have my doubts that he is . 
  i agree with that , but in that picture it really shows the perfect man , which includes being basically a 10/10 . 
  the guy sharing it sees himself as this perfect man , when he probably is n't . 
  ~ ~ i think he has the z5 premium , rather than the standard z5 , which is 660 on amazon . ~ ~, 
  did n't realise he had all z5s . 
  yeah i did n't see that . 
  still a terrible thing to do , and if it was her fault she should be punished . 
  so our first exposure to a trans person was them killing somebody , then half a year later winning woman of the year ? 
  i 'm not so sure she 's the best person to be representing the trans community since anybody who is against trans people can go look her up and see she 's killed somebody , and they 'll have ammo to fire back at the trans acceptance movement . 
  fair enough if that 's not how it works , but a lot of people who are n't accepting of trans people wo n't be accepting through caitlyn , because a lot of people against it cant stand the kardashians . 
  i know a few of these people and a lot of them see it as a publicity stunt , and a way to get views/money . 
  they are n't more accepting of it because of her . 
  i really do n't think she should be the face of the transgender movement . 
  even with the usb c connector , then its in one stationary position . 
  i like how the 3.5 mm jack can twist around . 
  been 22nd for 21 hours now . 
  how 's the past ? 
  oh really ? 
  thanks , that 's great to know that it 's not just me . 
  edited it to explained . 
  hopefully soon . 
  i have and use both regularly , great app . 
  it was posted here 5 hours after , so i 'd say it was oc from r/teenagers . 
  they 've had the company for a while , since late 2014 , they 're just changing the name . 
  it being a different name is n't going to ruin the phone , it might dent the brand , sure , but not the phone itself . 
  i think it 's because its almost a year old , and saying that would seem kinda desperate . 
  this made her seem even more desperate though . 
  it 's simple , not easy . 
  that 's what they were saying . 
  yeah that 's a better example , although how easy it is is kind of tied to the simplicity . 
  1st , 15 and older means a lot of people still living with their parents , and not having as many bills to pay . 
  and 2nd , not everybody lives in the us . 
  in some countries 50000 is not enough . 
  is that not ok ? 
  so many people are ripping into them for being able to do more because they have more money . 
  i was going through random subreddits and found this one , listened to some of it and liked it . 
  but war , war never changes . 
  other than grime , pretty much all kinds of hip hop/rap . 
  that does n't account for games you got off steam though , so if you got bundles/keys etc then its inaccurate . 
  only if they got games off of steam , if somebody purchased every game off of steam then it would n't be . 
  maybe he 's not in the us ? 
  i do n't have the phone , its posted to facebook , but its an lg nx225 , i think it was only sold in new zealand . 
  yeah a fill in while shaun was farming ass . 
  i loved him but the voicemails seemed to hate him . 
  i would say it 's more like his older stuff , often ranting about popular and trendy topics . 
  they list the biggest problems in the universe , and on their website ( thebiggestproblemintheuniverse.com ) you can vote on the big list of problems . 
  the next week , they review the previous episode and bring in people 's opinions through comments and voicemails , and often shit on them . 
  really recommend at least trying it . 
  rambling with sips is pretty good , he often has guests there , although the last time he made one was about november , and he 's only made 19 or so . 
  i felt it kind of added to it though , just his general weirdness and the fact that he sort of tried too hard . 
  yeah i really do n't see how people can constantly eat and be that fat . 
  yes . 
  i did the same thing , but i did n't get the videos , does anybody have a mirror of them ? 
  it 's probably too far for anything other than devonport or takapuna , unless you want the commute to take a long time . 
  yes you do . 
  source : me saying it just now, 
  rip / u/summervibe . 
  yeah when they went to add the 2 they were n't thinking about negative numbers . 
  yeah just uninstall the app when he releases on spotify , if he takes too long i 'll just get another trial . 
  yes .
