  defending maddoff ? 
  check, 
  are you david clegg ? 
  he claims to know things that nobody else would know , for example that dick is well off in his job . 
  he does n't know that , and even if he was it means he did tournament of nerds for fun , he even said that . 
  he also talks about nobody mentioning dicks chat behind his back . 
  dick * did * mention it a few times , and admitted it was wrong and unprofessional . 
  he also claims that he made ad-hominem and strawman attacks at the `` caller '' ( him ) , when he really did n't . 
  ~ ~ also , you think maddox did n't insult dick ? 
  that 's how the show was . 
  maddox clearly was n't offended by it because he still saw them as friends . 
  a lot of people , including me , shit on their friends as jokes because it 's fun , and because we are n't thin-skinned pansy cunts . ~ ~ ( i thought you meant the old show sorry ), 
  he wanted to talk about it on bpitu but maddox said no . 
  plus , maddox knows he wanted to talk about the show on the show , it 's also what the viewers want . 
  all in all , it was wrong for dick to talk behind maddox 's back , but even more wrong for maddox to replace the itunes feed , not answer for a while about it , and when finally answering changing the story to randy did it , and also post on his private la-sjw friend filled facebook page about an out of context quote . 
  also , making previously paid content free . 
  also taking down the voting so you ca n't see your name rise to the top . 
  it 's a childish over-reaction to somebody telling him they are n't friends . 
  tbh you probably wo n't miss out on much . 
  i can smash my fists on my keyboard and make a better argument . 
  people say this a lot , but i actually think this guy has some mental disorder . 
  says the guy who prefers an echo chamber as their subreddit of choice . 
  okay now i know you 're joking . 
  that was n't me ... 
  like / r/news ? 
  or maybe / r/politics ? 
  how much for the tv ? 
  can i get the model ? 
  cheers, 
  just play any minecraft for about a week and we 'll be at 3000000, 
  i think a lot of young kids watch youtube videos , and i think they 're more into minecraft , fnaf and that type of stuff so those gaming channels are getting a lot of subs , while gaming channels that dont play those are n't e.g. 
  sips , hatfilms, 
  how much for the tv ? 
  also what model ? 
  thanks, 
  but she brings me soup and my correspondence . 
  yeah that 's what i thought when i saw this post , this place needs some better moderation . 
  will all phones support this ? 
  what rom ? 
  how is it ? 
  i was thinking of going to a 7.0 rom but was hesitant because last time i went to 6.0 early and it was pretty difficult to use . 
  to add to the criticisms , on the about tab you do n't take into account the scrollbar for the page width . 
  the fix for this is so simple and makes it less jarring to change pages . 
  this is super easily fixed by adding a margin to the page , or adding a `` scrollbar '' that does n't do anything . 
  obviously ye could n't use his own because it got stolen . 
  that dirty motherfucker . 
  i 'm meaning the vertical scrollbar , i was on chrome on windows . 
  when you go to about the page shifts about the width or half the width of the scrollbar . 
  it was the first thing i noticed when i changed the tab . 
  so you 're saying that it 's alright for the mobile site to be shit because there will soon be an app ? 
  well it is n't here right now . 
  plus what if i do n't want to download another app ? 
  imagine if every company decided you do n't need a good mobile website because they had an app , you 'd have thousands of apps installed . 
  plus some people still do n't have smartphones . 
  jesus christ i think you have too many chromosomes . 
  some people share opinions , crazy right ? 
  theres literally one argument for that opinion too , so i could come up with it on my own instead of relying on an ancient internet celebrity for my argument . 
  also i was n't arguing the functionality of this mobile site , i was arguing mobile sites vs apps . 
  i will never be using this website or the app anyway do i do n't know why i 'm even defending its existence . 
  i also listen to my podcasts through podcast apps , but i do n't need another app specifically for one podcast when my current app has the episode descriptions and links to the website . 
  maybe i am a fuckin satire . 
  i 'm not old , but my refusal to learn twitter makes me feel like i 'm 80 and do n't want to learn the internet . 
  holy fuck this is a pretentious comment . 
  you 're saying you 're attractive , saying a female widely regarded as attractive is average , and implying you can get better . 
  who do you go for ? 
  supermodels ? 
  or are they not good enough ? 
  how old are you ? 
  that 's something i 'd see an old lady comment on `` the facebook '' , with the weird censoring and everything . 
  well actually he 's telling you not to blindly listen to celebrity endorsements , and he 's not endorsing anybody . 
   voting for anyone for a reason not based on their policy, 
  and that 's essentially what a lot of this election is . 
  regardless of what side , there are a bunch of uninformed voters voting for whatever the website they visit most tells them . 
  i think reddit also has a lot of influence , at least on it 's users . 
  a lot of people i know or have seen pretty much just regurgitate what they see on here without much thought , and since it 's so liberal they tend to `` agree '' with clinton . 
  i 'm not saying hillary is the devil or trump is great ( or the opposite ) , but regardless of the side getting your information without contradiction or research is pretty dumb . 
  most phones now are pretty good . 
  / r/android is the biggest circlejerk who thinks every phone should be manufactured to their niche . 
  most fail to realise the pixel is aimed at the average consumer , not an enthusiast . 
  the post here is a link to the r/cars post . 
  i 'm pretty sure the pixel is water resistant though . 
  you can still go in the shower , you just ca n't watch youtube videos in the middle of the ocean . 
  not true , some manufacturers do n't want to certify their phone because it adds to the cost . 
  that 's why it 's not a race track . 
  you say my college , but not this college is mine . 
  if you actually owned it you could , otherwise no . 
  one day i went to sleep with one spider on the middle of my wall , woke up with my wall covered in spiders , all dispersed the next day . 
  i found that much scarier than a cluster . 
  [ here 's all the episodes for those who want more . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnzevbpufhc&amp;list=rdtnzevbpufhc ), 
  this really translated your mess . 
  you 've had reddit since you were 10 ? 
  nah they posted a terraria let 's play a couple times with a fscecam/voice . 
  i think its legit . 
  buzzfeed is my guilty pleasure . 
  i do n't view the website but their videos are pretty addictive to watch . 
  it 's the / r/me _ irl meme right now . 
  i do n't recommend / r/me _ irl though . 
  i 'm talking about the images , since he was talking about the image being clever . 
  he was n't saying `` me too thanks '' is clever .
