  i mean i say keen and would probably say `` your shout ? '', 
  also i would ironically use emojis like that . 
  everybody 's different . 
  it 's lame , that 's why i posted it . 
  i 'm just saying people definitely talk like that . 
  lmao alright lucky i was n't having the `` argument '' with you then . 
  i do n't think i said any colloquial terms on here though , i was saying i text like that . 
  also a little bit of / r/shitamericanssay is always great . 
  idk if this is a recommended way but i had anterior pelvic tilt , rounded shoulders and forward neck and although lifting was probably the main fix , i just actively stretched or contracted the muscles that needed it throughout the day and my posture is way way better a couple months later . 
  lmao can i give it to myself . 
  yeah my bench went way up after starting nsuns 5/3/1 , also i like choosing my own accessories and knowing what weights i 'm lifting in a chart helps a lot . 
  overall a lot happier . 
  needs more frying, 
  and insanely rounded shoulders , op really needs to sort posture . 
  i would say the general consensus here would be too avoid es explorer , they 've done a couple questionable things since they were bought out . 
  there are other good alternatives like solid explorer or fx explorer . 
  he may be trash but in the gym there 's nothing like blasting look at me to get me going . 
  from what i can gather i 'm pretty sure it 's more nurture than nature , as in you were brought up not necessarily eating a lot , or not being overly encouraged to eat , so you never had a massive appetite . 
  on the other hand somebody who was always told to clear their plate when they eat and to eat often do you do n't get hungry will have a bigger appetite so will want to eat more . 
  also i have only have anecdotal evidence for this so take that however . 
  sorry i 'm a little confused , so you want your protein shake to be thicker ? 
  i 'm hoping this is me lmao , i 'm like 173cm ( 5 ' 7 '' ? ), 
  i 'm the exact same as that , even started lifting/eating properly week after i turned 19 a few months back . 
  have n't noticed anything but i have n't measured myself . 
  i have put on weight seemingly quick though . 
  you either die a rick , or live long enough to see yourself become jerry . 
  what shoes do you wear when you lift ? 
  flat shoes help immensely , especially for overhead presses . 
  that combined with tightening quads , glutes and abs make it a lot easier . 
  not bumps but an angle , almost all trainers have a raised heel for walking/running . 
  they 're saying you can have an android without playing with your phone . 
  you can buy a phone and just use it without messing with anything . 
  you 're not blaming android necessarily but you 're implying the fact that you ca n't use it without messing with it is the reason you switched , even though you do n't have to . 
  pump size or pump vascularity ? 
  you could get size in a lot less than a year . 
  i feel like this spiraled out of control , i do n't care what you use but that just seemed like a very strange reason to switch . 
  like you said you can use whatever you want and if that 's the reason you wanted to switch that 's fine . 
  god damnit . 
  cool fitbit ahmed . 
  who is this guy you 're talking about ? 
  it pissed me off too even though i do n't know who he 's meaning . 
  much smoother , thanks bot . 
  that guy probably says it often . 
  yeah size probably a few months , but you 'll have to cut since when you have a pump your muscles are bigger without the increased bf . 
  depends on training i guess , maybe 1/2 -3 / 4 of a year ? 
  but again depending you may as well keep bulking . 
  damn was looking forward to some earl . 
  no it does n't , it 's the exact same . 
  he did use glasses but most likely glancing at the sun quickly , eclipse or not , wo n't have lasting damage . 
  this article is pointless . 
  careful , most of the sugar free stuff has sugar alcohols which * will * make you shit if you eat too much . 
  ayy exact same here , switched after 5 weeks . 
  chest is increasing especially fast . 
  it 's good to be near the targets for those but it 's not absolute , you will gain as long as you 're getting the calories but do try stay near . 
  tracking intake is good to know what 's in the food and to know how many calories . 
  you do n't have to track forever , after a while you can probably ball park it if you 're on to it . 
  not an expert on this , i think it 's how they 're processed . 
  you almost certainly will get belly fat , how much depends on where you started bf wise , amount of excersices and genetics . 
  the fat is generally only noticably to you for some months and not others , especially if you 've been skinny your whole life . 
  gon na be a great day when we get a brockhampton/kanye collaboration . 
  +1 for jeff , makes great videos . 
  thanks ... 
  i uh . . 
  i had no idea what that was . 
  dude those are some pretty decent gains . 
  sure not as much as some others but do n't compare your gains to other people 's . 
  just keep at it and try eat as much as you can without puking . 
  those are some insane gains , those arm and leg goals especially . 
  what are your lifts currently at ? 
  [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/3xhrolztlyi ) is a good video on forearm training for growth, 
  i stayed at huia last year , for them it 's definitely to put you near similar people rather than cull applicants since it 'll most likely not be full . 
  i do n't remember too well but i think i basically said i 'm excited to meet new people and went down the middle with social/study . 
  it did n't matter though because there were only 6/7 people on my floor ( including me ) that interacted with each other , i honestly did n't see probably 10 + of them at all . 
  what you said sounds pretty good and i 'd imagine most people would say something similar . 
  i did dinner only , i think it 's changed now though to the other halls . 
  the food was not great , but it was there and easy which is good . 
  if you can cook or want to learn the kitchens are pretty decent . 
  rooms are very small , and yes old , i did n't mind the size but the storage was hard since there is only a small wardrobe and a few shelves , if you can bring a small dresser to put in there , a friend did this and it gave them a lot more space . 
  i liked the room size though , everything was always close . 
  overall positive experience though , having friends around all the time was pretty fun . 
  i did compsci last year but changed to infosys for this year . 
  self catered is fine but the problem people who did it had is they found it a bit more difficult to meet people and socialise since dinner was very communal . 
  if you 're willing to sacrifice that and save some money then it 's fine . 
  does your meal plan include breakfast , lunch and dinner ? 
  overall do n't overthink it too much , if you do n't like or do n't see the people on your floor you can just go hang out of another floor , the ras we had often organised small games on different floors so people could meet other people . 
  or if not you can go to the games room thing down stairs and ask to join a game . 
  also get involved in the things the ras do to help you meet people , i thought they were stupid at the time but looking back they were really helpful . 
  stayed there last year . 
  pretty shit hall , still fun for socialising . 
  this is a really good reason to not have kids ... 
  that 's like comparing marathon running to sprinting , both different and both difficult . 
  who the fuck made this . 
  yeah like the other guy said , edna is with adam . 
  `` you can only vote if you agree with me politically ... '' / s, 
  definitely predicted . 
  lmao who hurt you, 
  that 's my biggest problem , being afraid of fat . 
  i guess i just got ta get over and get those calories . 
  also if your gym has a power cage or similar , put the bench in there and put supports in . 
  jeff nippard makes great content , also happens to be physique goals .
