   but some people are just ignorant about what people choose to game on . 
  that 's not ignorance , when they post screenshots of mods they are n't forcing you to play on pc , they are showing something cool they found , just like you would in the game . 
  those textures on the hill to the right are killing me . 
  the people on the sub thought it was `` absolutely beautiful and almost breathtaking . '', 
  without the sun flare thing , the image would look completely different . 
  the car had a bit of time to slam on their brakes , yes it was wrong , but he should n't get hit for it . 
   viruses, 
  idk how you get them , i have n't had a virus since i was 10 and tried to search wierd things on the internet . 
   memorable exclusives, 
  [ i find some of these memorable , it 's opinion based . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_pc_exclusive_titles ), 
   drm, 
  games are like a dollar , i do n't need to sell them, 
   no split screen capability, 
  [ there are plenty of games where you can have splitscreen , or if you have two monitors , this ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/i5zy3ks.jpg ), 
   etc etc. 
  mother nature ? 
  she would 've been worried sick . 
  mine 's my stattrak ak , no looking back on that one . 
  it looks ugly and is plastered with stickers , but it 's mine . 
  and i assume he 's saying there 's jaggies , because the console games @ 60fps have more jaggies than the 30fps ones . 
  source is default max_fps 300 , to see what it can truly do go max_fps 0 . 
  `` i hope this is n't like that tom cruise thing '' - / u/spodiz, 
  i feel ya , new zealand sucks aswell . 
  yeah , at least you were here for it . 
  i was way out of the gold shower . 
  she is messing with broke wallets though . 
  fuck you good deals . 
  i have a 280x , i 'll quickly run it and check , but it sounds normal . 
  i 'll be a minute or two checking ... 
  * edit : i got 60-75 fps on ultimate + & fxaa , and 35-45 on ultimate + and ssaa x4 . 
  it 's normal , do n't worry about it , fxaa is n't terrible . 
  by the way , above ultra there is ultimate , and ultimate is n't the max setting , just so you know . 
  who 's is who ? 
  nice choices , goddamn you two are lucky . 
  just wondering , why did you both go separate gpu brands , i know there is n't a problem , just you could benefit from having same brand , i.e. 
  sharing shield , or having the same account , etc. 
  they 're both beasts though . 
  nice , have fun with the new gpu and games , 
  i will help you achieve this . 
  seriously though how much have you spent ? 
  gaben loves you , i love you , we all love you . 
  thank you based / u/gaeuvyen . 
   nope , / u/gaeuvyen [ 1 ] [ +1 ] gilded you , not me . 
  thanks, 
   less than 1 bitcoin . 
  yay for making money with my pc when i 'm not using it, 
  how easy is bitcoin mining/do you use your main rig . 
  also how long have you been mining . 
  does it gain interest or anything ? 
  and do you still have a lot ? , because 1 bitcoin is quite a lot . 
  holy shit dude , you are damn lucky . 
  how long ago was that ? 
  i wish i was a part of the masterrace when it started . 
  [ here is the album ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jqkh2?gallery#0 ), 
  they just want the gold . 
  they need to fix the anti-aliasing on the powerlines . 
  fucking brain delaying everything . 
  you can take like 3 seconds to aim to the head with them , it 's good practice to snap to the head . 
  oh , i do n't think he actually meant moving , but point blank range yeah maybe . 
  that 's interesting , but i think you get my point , also ... 
   point blank can be 100 yards or more , depending on the caliber . 
   but in forensics , point blank just means very close , but without the gun actually touching the target . 
  i 'll go with the forensics term . 
  well to reply in a year , we need to make a super long comment chain . 
  thanks . 
  lift your leg higher op . 
  good job though . 
  how many degrees c was the burn ? 
  did they credit it ? 
  zm has been , it 's still strange though . 
  it 's pretty annoying because of the fact most of them do n't source it , they just claim it as their own , not saying all of what they take is oc , but in the case of zm , it probably is , although they did say where they got it from , they did n't link . 
  heh , yeah i guess it is. , except zm is one more link in the chain of reposts . 
  somebody will see it on there , and that person will tell it to their friends , and that friend will go post on reddit . 
  such is reddit . 
  the edge is pretty cringe worthy most days though . 
  they 'll be deranking , judging by the guy that left and the fact that it does n't look like they even tried . 
  30 seconds ? 
  dude if you close things you do n't * really * need , it can boot up in < 10 seconds , my pc at home takes 5 seconds , my laptop takes 10 , no ssds . 
  go to task manager and startup tab . 
  i forgot about what less than means for a second . 
  yeah it 's fantastic . 
  for me some games i 'm unstoppable with the awp , every shot on target , on a roll , the next game i ca n't hit a shot , and end up dying instantly . 
  confidence makes all the difference i believe . 
  that 's better than auckland . 
  i ca n't wait till google fiber comes to where i am . 
  side topic , where in napier ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  sorry i 'm confused . 
  ohh , i see , thanks for the clarification . 
  is there any way we can have one for the rest of us , with some clear distinction from the others . 
  i think it 'd be really cool to have team support . 
  higher ranks can still benefit from listening to and watching lower ranks though , even if it 's bad they can see what not to do . 
  `` it 's just because it 's cold i swear . '', 
  friendzoned again !, 
  why do you see it as an insult ? 
  `` people also say sex is nice and god is nice . 
  are you putting me at the same level as a sex god ? 
  am i nothing but a comparison to a sex god ? '', 
  dude , what have you consumed .
