  i saw this actually pretty funny post i think from t_d that was a flow chart of whether or not trump is you president . 
  it had `` do you live in the usa ? 
   yes  he 's your president . 
  still not sure what comment did it . 
  guess i 'll have to wait a few days . 
  they complain the t_d does it , but they are guilty of the same . 
  yeah same with subs like / r/offmychest and other subs that / u/irbytremor mods . 
  lucky lauren knows what it 's like to be president elect !, 
  if you try to be neutral or at all against their echo chamber they 'll call you a brigader and ban you . 
  yeah it 's insanely stupid , there are often alternatives like / r/trueoffmychest ( i 'm not sure what that community is like ) , but it 's still stupid that they even need to make a separate sub . 
  yeah you kinda have to take it in mind when reading the news though . 
  i 'm pretty sure this whole sub was made just because the other bigger news/political subs are left leaning . 
  the regular op3 ? 
  you could probably get one pretty cheap and it 's still near new . 
  i did n't even get to the cutting the bottle . 
  i clicked on it because i wanted to see it cut through a sodie pop , not some other shit . 
  do n't tempt it . 
  mine is the people who pull out right in front of me at an intersection in a 100 zone and proceed to go less than 80 . 
  one time one went 60 . 
  i felt like fucking taking them out . 
  where the green and blue bars change color is off center . 
  other than that it looks good, 
  they 're both quoting talladega nights . 
  this . 
  scamming an old lady # 6k in door sales . 
  neither is jessie though so i guess it does n't matter . 
  i think that 's if you do it for too long though ? 
  i 'm almost certain i 've done it by just holding down power button . 
  edit : nope just had to reboot , you 're correct . 
  i know of a certain device that could definitely launch it at least 60m . 
  id still prefer mi mix bezels and bottom firing than front facing and n6 bezels . 
  agree 100 % . 
  i hold my thumb on the screen and double tap and it skips and i go back further to see the part i missed . 
  is that victoria ryan ? 
  thanks, 
  he 's changed heaps in the last couple of years since he moved . 
  woah you delivered . 
  i love peas in mine . 
  damn now i feel like some . 
  damn , this made me miss the show :(, 
  le ultimate troll xddd . 
  u got them gud !!!, 
  fuck off , nobody is using that as his nickname apart from you . 
  is this as a comeback for people calling you soft-j ? 
  i 've seen him joke about dick 's $ 18000 patreon like he 's winning . 
  dude is earning well into the 6 figures by talking and drinking weekly while jesse is n't making 5 % of that . 
  yeah it 'll be cool for watching videos but other than that it 's going to look kinda trash for a long time . 
  try it . 
  shits good . 
  please be careful . 
  a lot of people follow way too close when you 're on a bike and we have some pretty bad drivers here . 
  hey what ended up happening ? 
  especially with your patreon money . 
  you must be up to at least $ 900/month now right ? 
  i feel this will be on one of those collage screenshots when your new donation system is up and not doing as well . 
  you should get peach to cohost . 
  i do n't know how people make that many mistakes while typing . 
  it must take you forever to retype sentences . 
  `` fuck / r/the _ donald filling the front page with pics of trump . 
  i 'm going to start a subreddit that does the * exact same fucking thing * '', 
  i 'd say this is another / r/goodfaketexts worthy post . 
  it 's has some humor and is pretty coherent, 
  yeah but they are n't entitled cunts who think they can get away with anything . 
  those do n't actually seem like good numbers to advertise for a dating website . 
  i 'm not sure i 'm into the rounded screen corners , that either means missing screen corners or pixel borders . 
  either way i 'd rather have a rectangle screen . 
  and the iphone changed heaps !, 
  the phone is still pretty unique compared to other manufacturers though . 
  do xiaomi handle updates well ? 
  i think that 's / r/androids main concern . 
  if it helps , mine does n't . 
  i 'm on a op3t just have n't updated flair btw . 
  superstar family, 
  for me it was still an upgrade from my opo . 
  that thing was appalling . 
  might be a different ants , the right one might have a smaller anus than the left one . 
  dr. who, 
  how ? 
  how do you crack your screen so much ? 
  just so you know , phone `` optimisers '' that kill tasks to reduce ram are pretty pointless , and you could actually use more battery by using them . 
  otherwise nice theme . 
  no midget cars ? 
  unfortunate if so . 
  is n't it oppo as well ? 
  think people taking photos with their tablets is bad ? 
  just wait until they pull their 90 '' tv out . 
  yeah was wondering why nobody was outraged that it was restricted internationally . 
  turns out it 's just us . 
  alternatively if on 7.0 + i think it 's built in . 
  yeah it just sucks for now . 
  6 hours usually on my op3t . 
  sometimes more , sometimes less if i 'm playing a game . 
  do n't have any screenshots . 
  it depends on how much you use it though . 
  comparing sot between people is pretty useless . 
  i use my phone enough for 3 hours screen on time in a day at a push , so usually it 's about 6 hours from one morning to the next night . 
  i can only figure out how to remap buttons to functions , not other keys . 
  thanks , working for the buttons , unfortunately the triggers do n't come up as keys so i ca n't remap them . 
  registered , 
  i think he 's meaning on spotify , i feel the same .
