  is there a picture of your setup , it looks really interesting . 
  found it . 
  the 21:9 monitor looks amazing . 
  how does the 4k hurt if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  rip csgo career , 2013-2014 . 
  as a ct ? 
  i was too busy having seizures to play . 
  i was oc ` ed at 1050 from 1020 , and it was sitting at 67 degrees , dropped the oc , i 'm not sure if it fixed it , but it does work now so it could have been that . 
  sapphire , fixed now though . 
  yeah , 300 bucks for a 280x when i got it , also cpus and psus , wayyy too expensive . 
  my 550 watt psu was 109 dollars , only 80plus . 
  i got 1 thing from playtech for my pc , but i wish i got more , it 's a pretty cool store . 
  playing modded ? 
  i put some mods on and it really fucked up my hands in fallout 3 . 
  when i went into tranquility lane , i could n't stand it and uninstalled everything . 
  that does n't even look like mirage . 
  that 's somewhat useful though . 
  * edit : looks like a game from 00s *, 
  but what if it is not kil . 
  i did n't think 1050 was high though , it was sitting there for about a week fine , and i have run it stable at 1100 . 
  would it still be because of that ? 
  i 'll update drivers , i have been putting that off . 
  probably should n't do that, 
  no , i did n't really want to , should i ? 
  thanks , yeah i test it in valley and 3dmark , but i guess i 'll test it in more, 
  so he has his keyboard on both sides of his mouse ? 
  because in the second clip , he looked to the right , and in the dust2 clip , he was looking to the left . 
  you can even see his mouse move slightly to the left , enough to get him a hs on the guy behind . 
  can you link it ? 
  i ca n't find it . 
  * edit , found it *, 
  dual cz , 24 rounds total , same accuracy , 2 extra clips , $ 500 dollar , replaces dual berettas . 
  why ? 
  a person is a person , and any info is good . 
  he might tell his team . 
  if that happened , people would say `` why did n't it go to another guy '' . 
  i realise that the guy on cat is closer , but that is pretty clear . 
  thank god , i was seriously worried that he was hacking , but now / u/skruf93 says he 's not , i can sleep sound . 
  well , nobody knows * for sure * , just speculation . 
  i think he is , but i do n't * know * , and he knows that people are n't 100 % sure , so he uses it like normal ... if that makes sense . 
  honestly , if he gets vac banned soon after the dh , i would n't be surprised . 
  but he still clearly locks on , and he goes to look to b site smoothly , but on the way back to the same place he gets stuck . 
  but he has no reason here to stop midflick , somebody might say he hit the keyboard , but he travels to the right smoothly , but to the left he paused . 
  is n't grahams number bigger ? 
  i use a chromecast , really handy . 
  otherwise , if you do n't have a smarttv , i really dont know, 
  well somebody from pcmr clearly posts to there , so put a watermark on all oc ? 
  this one is bad . 
  fnatic also did this though . 
  considering most `` gaming '' mice have onboard memory , injecting a . dll in can be pretty easy . 
  when i saw his face , i felt so bad for him . 
  he looks so sad here , i wan na give him a hug :( . 
  trees or something . 
  here is the wallpaper . 
  imgur may not be the best for wallpapers though . 
  for people interested , [ wallpaper . 
  i thought i linked it . 
  well fuck . 
  well , we got our answer , obviously he 's not . 
  seriously though , how do you know ? 
  anybody could have been cheating without us knowing . 
  sure he might not have been , but you ca n't say either for sure . 
  well , just because he says fuck kennys , does n't mean he thinks they are bad at the game . 
  whats the matter bae ? 
  maybe he does n't usually wear underwear with his pyjamas , so he forgot , maybe he did n't get out of them . 
  in any case , op fucked up . 
  what 's your rank/steam ? 
  * steam , i 'm mg2 aswell , interested in playing ? 
  chuck nades that do n't do anything else , or like flashes/smokes/decoys . 
  best with large groups , because when it gets down to a small group it gets pretty difficult . 
  well if we keep saying that `` oh it 's just one song '' , then it will keep happening , and the opposite will happen . 
  just make it equal , instead of keeping shaming others . 
  i might have fucked my wording up . 
  i 'm agree with that , that fat is not okay , but we should n't fat shame , just like being super skinny is not okay , but we should n't shame people for it . 
  it 's cool seeing the quality changing , from no words on nades , to words under , to words wiggling with them . 
  / u/mightyflame keep em up . 
   `` the old man reported me ? 
  i do n't understand why he reported me , '' she said , according to court documents . 
  how fucking dense can they be , how can they take fucking $ 420 and a credit card from an old man they just tied up and not expect to be reported to the police . 
  this is officially the dumbest story i 've ever heard . 
  they are n't wearing them . 
  just download that too . 
  it 's / u/l099 , not / u/lo99 , do n't send the second one hate messages , the original guy deleted his account . 
  i think this is the most accurate . 
  netflix is coming here soon ... 
  but not soon enough . 
  i 've noticed this with a few radio stations ( the edge mainly ) as well , even mentioning on the air ( guy williams ) . 
  god i hate radio . 
  idk if you 're serious , but if you are , i oc ` ed my 280x and it runs at about 60c , 67 is basically the highest it will go unless my room is hot . 
  my cpu however , that runs like 70-80 under small load , so i 'd recommend a haswell cpu for heat . 
  do dentists fix their own teeth ? 
  obviously zmonline had it in their lineup to post with this title , and by coincidence the reddit op posted the same link and title hours before . 
  what a shame for zmonline . 
  they * could * have , but i really doubt it . 
  they use stuff from reddit quite often , the edge over halloween was a great examples , hearing about stories from people they 'd `` seen '' ( on the reddit ) . 
  it 's not the fact they got it from reddit once , it 's the fact that that 's where they get a lot of their content and it 's getting quite boring . 
  it 's more the fact that that 's all the big radio stations do . 
  not that it 's one thing from reddit , but that most of it is from reddit . 
  yup . 
  made that mistake and now i 'm angry for their stupidity .
