  i 'd bring my chin down to protect my neck while staring into their eyes . 
  i 'd bring my hands up and say `` i do n't want no trouble , ya hear . '', 
  id flex my traps and my core . 
  also slightly bend my knees . 
  here comes the important part . 
  in a low voice i 'd begin to say wolowolowolowolowolo slowly increasing in volume , he should be syrprised by now . 
  i 'll begin to sway side so side and loosen all facial muscles and my anal sphincter and my kegel muscle . 
  by now i should be pretty loud and my opponent will have stepped back and will appear visibly shaken . 
  i 'll begin to piss and shit myself , letting my eyes roll into the back of my head . 
  by now i am chanting wolowolowolowolo at the top of my lungs . 
  he will run away . 
  everyone with in a onee mile radius will feel a terrifying presence within their soul . 
  i will then marvel as i ascend into my planar form . 
  a piano from the * future * ? 
  no way !, 
  like others said , 150 wins , also have to be gn1 . 
  it just happens randomly i think . 
  i was mg2 when i crossed 150 wins , but i did n't get my first case until i had 154 wins , i 've heard some people just get them instantly , just depends i guess . 
  most of them will be 30 fps locked as that is what youtube used to be able to play , but even at 60 fps you wo n't tell the difference on youtube . 
  there 's really no way to see 144hz unless you see the actual monitor . 
  yeah , i really did n't see a problem and was confused by his comment . 
  ^ ^ ^ woo ^ ^ ^ new ^ ^ ^ zealand !, 
  ask for money or pc parts for your birthday and christmas , save up what you can and do odd jobs where you can find them ( e.g. 
  baby sitting , moving things , etc. ) . 
  if you do n't want it sell your ps3 with all your games ( sell it when you have all the money so you can still play games ) , if you do n't want to sell it it 'll just take longer . 
  sell everything you do n't need or use . 
  i know what it 's like man it sucks , it took me since i was 14 to now ( 16 ) to get my pc . 
  you 'll get there !, 
  that 's what i thought , motherboard breaks ? 
  buy a new motherboard . 
  whatever it is on xbone , buy a new potato . 
  also in new zealand, 
  - new zealand, 
  i get mad every time i see this story . 
  they give chris pine a standard conviction even though it could ruin his travelling , but not a fucking maori kings son . 
  uhhh ... what ? 
  most of it 's meant to be satire , although it transformed over time . 
  i think it 's mostly because the new consoles are trying to be pcs , i love old ps2 emulators and nintendo emulators , and do n't care that much about graphics , but if i * can * get better graphics for a similar price , then i 'll take it . 
  story of my life . 
  better that my nz connection , that 's for sure . 
  i would say if you are going around a corner , do n't snap spots , but go around smoothly so you are n't caught off guard . 
  anybody know what temps a system like this gets ? 
  what ... 
  runs better too . 
  yeah but with cs : go and other games recognised with esports do n't have microtransactions that majorly affect the game . 
  an awp boom is n't going to do more damage or add much to the game , but that dlc does . 
  you can spend money but it is n't necessary to have the full game experience . 
  go down long to b and plant it back of site in de_butt , do n't push it too hard though . 
  5 minutes too late ... 
  screenshot it and then do that ? 
  nooo , but it would help it run hotter . 
  just like you could n't use it as a heater if it was liquid cooled . 
  it 's a lot worse than the small amount of screen tearing . 
  i 've never noticed screen tearing at ~ 300fps , but vsync creates too much input lag . 
  not op , but what are yours ? 
  well 400fps on what settings ? 
  i thought it was capped 300 . 
  plus power for resolution scales up pretty in-proportionally . 
  represent !, 
  why do i feel so happy when i see nz mentioned ? 
  i missed mine , remembered the day before and the day after , not that day though . 
  i feel you with the karma . 
  when i was playing off of my laptop i `` overclocked '' ( read as fixed turbo boosted ) my laptop cpu from 2.5 ghz to 3 . 
  temps went from 80c to ~ 95 , and performance went up ~ 5fps . 
  worth it ? 
  it means there is less heat though , does n't it ? 
  right , i 'm a little confused , but ok . 
  til , thanks . 
  so what about 144hz monitors , do you * have * to play at 288hz ? 
  huh , that 's interesting , i never realised it was capped by default . 
  thanks . 
  wtf, 
  i do n't care , but i just plain * do n't * believe it . 
  i think people would notice and spill . 
  amd gaming evolved :, 
  - i can run tomb raider past ultimate on 1080p60fps, 
  - proceeds to set everything to just ultimate, 
  i mean like ... are you even trying . 
  i have n't really had my anti-virus activated while i 've been using my pc , but about once a month i 'll do a full system check , and in half a year i have never gotten a virus . 
  i do n't see how people alway say that . 
  try 480p on one of those billboard signs , see how he likes it then . 
  yeah , i just saw this in a game as well . 
  i guess it changed . 
  [ first cooldown 15 minutes . 
  yeah , i had a game before where the guy on the other team realized they were gon na lose at like 6 rounds through and left saying his team sucked . 
  he got 15 minutes , which is less than the rest of the game took . 
  it should be a ban until the end of the game imo . 
  i do nearly 0 work on my pc , so i probably do n't need it . 
  thanks for the help . 
  problem is , they cost over twice as much in nz as in usa . 
  i do n't think my pc could push too far past 100fps most games maxed out , source games would probably be one of the only . 
  mine did this the other day , and a few weeks before that . 
  it is pretty old , and it 's been a good run . 
  i think next up is a shield tablet . 
  my gpu is red team but that device is amazing , makes me wish i 'd spent a bit more for a nvidia gpu . 
  damn , why though , why those two sizes . 
  i agree with the posts here , but would like to advise * against * a laser mouse , i have had troubles with my rat7 , and know people who have also had problems with laser sensors playing up occasionally . 
  this is coming from about 5/7 people who i know who have owned a laser mouse for over a year . 
  are n't we not meant to mention that place ? 
  do n't get k series if you do n't plan to over clock , it 'll save you a few bucks and although it wo n't matter with the dedicated gpu , but it has better integrated graphics i 'm pretty sure .
