  i did 15 for car and 5 for motorbike . 
  have you stopped now ? 
  that was the best car in simpsons hit and run though . 
  * games on consoles are a joke . 
  i ca n't hear you over star citizen and elite : dangerous . 
  aha really ? 
  i race an f2 and i was just curious . 
  boxing day will be pretty hard to beat . 
  it 's scope can click in twice . 
  you can zoom in lots . 
  very good gun . 
  why did you just type ******** ? 
  read the comments to make sure someone has n't already posted the exact same answer they 're about to . 
  was his name albert felipe rose einstein ? 
  i 'm glad i waited to cross the street , that truck would 've hit me !, 
  sounds like a cap gun with the silencer . 
  the one link on the internet that can stay blue . 
  you ran over her on the beach ? 
  [ this was turned into an article ... ] ( http://www.jbgnews.com/2015/01/texting-lag-issues-occurring-on-htc-one-m8/590002.html ) wtf, 
  i personally think this is stupid . 
  who wants to know the year first ? 
  most people want to know the day , so why not put the day at the front since it changes so often . 
  followed by month then year . 
  yes he was because that 's after , he can travel back in time and still have the 1985 him he alive in that time . 
  maybe he revolutionized in his time . 
  what app would that be ... science, 
  haha what a 50 lapper though . 
  yellow master race . 
  got ta get that calcium, 
  paying for shit you can get at home ? 
  and if i do buy bottled water , i 'll just reuse that bottle . 
  did you chew on a gun ? 
  my friend got that monitor from mighty ape aswell . 
  it 's a nice monitor , i think i might get one . 
  worth it ? 
  ~ 40 megabyte tiff file ? 
  holy shit that 's huge . 
  still , not much beats the feeling of taking a watch you 've been sweating under off at the end of the day and feeling the fresh air on skin . 
  hands went in a dirty trash bin . 
  who knows what 's been in there . 
  i 'm debating whether to put cm12 on because i know it 's still missing some good features , but then again it 's lollipop . 
  i just hope they hurry up , i 'm so excited . 
  i kind of want to use this feature more , but i feel strange talking to my phone ... 
  the problem with these is , unlike you can do with the lockscreen , they do n't check the proximity sensor when you do the gesture , so it can go off in your pocket . 
  i hope they add that feature , because it is useful for the device not waking up and all , but it would be better if it worked with the other screen off gestures . 
  thought i had that enabled ... woops . 
  thanks haha, 
  i actually went to buy a moto 360 yesterday , but they are 400 nzd ... might wait for the 2nd version . 
  why 16gb ? 
  because its white or cheaper ? 
  because the chinese version i have is white and 64 . 
  i 'm so glad . 
  got mine from a shop . 
  do n't see a problem . 
  i have n't seen that video in like ... 3 days . 
  i 'd say it 's a loud minority . 
  most people who have problems post about it , most who are happy with their phone do n't . 
  unless you can get white 64gb . 
  man i love this phone . 
  this phone was 600nzd . 
  most flagship phones are 800 , 1000 for samsung , and 1100-1500 for new iphones . 
  i assume its similar in aus ? 
  what does the face mean, 
  nz it 's lynx as well , so strange hearing axe . 
  that 's pretty good actually , did n't know that at the time , although my phone has been absolutely fine so i 'm happy with my decision to buy it . 
  where 's that money going huh ? 
  or just 1/3 , which is as accurate as possible . 
  i 'm using nova , how do i enable this ? 
  adorable is a compliment , but one that wo n't get you any further than that . 
  you can sort between short high quality , and long average quality . 
  would n't that be because it has reddits users and other websites users visiting it , as well as their own users . 
  kinda makes sense . 
   i tried the banana slicer and found it unacceptable . 
  as shown in the picture , the slices is curved from left to right . 
  all of my bananas are bent the other way . 
  this is the greatest review i 've read on here . 
  so simple , yet effective . 
  the little speed dials were cool . 
  this was strangely satisfying . 
  how long screen on time though ? 
  no ota update , do you know what it 's called ? 
  i have xnph44s installed . 
  damn that 's annoying . 
  i 'm not in the position to get a new one for at least 18 months either . 
  oh well it was a good month . 
  how do i do that ? 
  in nz i called it kay-mart , that 's how its said right ? 
  right ... ? 
  is there a source on this ? 
  what episode ? 
  by the end of the year i 'll be off vodafone . 
  any other good mobile providers ? 
  by the end of the year i 'll be off vodafone . 
  any other good mobile providers ? 
  damn mobile reddit . 
  4g included ? 
  that deal is 29 at vodafone . 
  also is it free txt to all numbers ? 
  yeah he said 1gb before . 
  my 32 gb model is slow as shit .
