  i wish i could go to spotify and save acid rap to my library . 
  okay maybe too far . 
  some people do it to fix inverted nipples . 
  so i * ca n't * go to spotify and download acid rap . 
  i 've already done that , but it 's pretty finicky and adding them to a new spotify device is n't that easy . 
  i 'm not sure if they 're different , but the wall charger is 5v 4a . 
  yeah i feel you . 
  i guess i could get two days of full use if i did n't use my phone at all . 
  and snapchat with their `` my day '' thing or whatever . 
  i do n't think it 's making a big dent in either . 
  idubz jr jr. 
  it does n't work for me on chrome . 
  any idea why ? 
  this did n't show up in my subscription feed . 
  anybody else have this problem ? 
  please do this . 
  / r/politics also fits the `` narrow minded political beliefs '' whether you agree with it or not . 
  / r/the _ donald is a subreddit dedicated to trump , of course it 's going to be a fucking echo chamber . 
  / r/politics however is not / r/impeach _ trump or / r/enoughtrumpspam , or any of those subreddits but that 's all the content they seem to post . 
  they are different yes , but you just said r/politics is an echo chamber , should n't it be filtered out of / r/popular then ? 
  that 's a more accurate phrase . 
  friendzone seems to put blame on the person who is n't interested . 
  i think for all of the games i either have the games or somebody i 'm gamesharing with has them sorry . 
  4 keys, 
  borderlands the pre sequel ? 
  clustertruck ? 
  undertale ? 
  sorry going with another trade . 
  added, 
  try turning off automatic backing up in settings . 
  i did this and it did n't work but some people have had luck . 
  was wondering why he said 12 megabyte when i saw about 0.59 mb . 
  it 's definitely a series of pictures , in the top left you can see the year the images were taken . 
  oh , kill myself . 
  lol . 
  it 's called premium because it feels premium . 
  a plastic phone feels cheap more often than a metal phone does , plus since low end phones generally use plastic it does n't help . 
  i did n't say it made it better , i think ceramic is better than both ( despite being brittle ) , but i 'd still rather have metal than plastic or polycarbonate . 
  and i 've had metal , plastic and polycarbonate phones, 
  i had the same thing on my op3t . 
  a lot of people said try turning off backup my data under backup and reset , and also try clearing cache/data in google play store . 
  for me i factory reset and it cut the usage of android os to 4 % ( mine was at 15 % ) . 
  brb, 
   most androids support sd cards, 
  it is a dying breed . 
  most flagships do not support them . 
  yeah it was a hassle . 
  i 'd try the other things instead . 
  yeah it still got good battery life with the drain , and android os is still taking up too much battery ( i think it 's an app i 've installed ) , but it 's a bit less . 
  updates are a problem for a lot of people though and often midrange phones are forgotten . 
  plus in new zealand an honor 8 is $ 800 . 
  i was planning on going in auckland this saturday , if i got there an hour late do you think it 'd be worth it ? 
  thanks . 
  i guess i 'll have to decide soon . 
  dude ... 
  it 's at the point where i genuinely see more shit about trump by the likes of / r/enoughtrumpspam or people complaining than i do from t_d . 
  it 's $ 36 ( $ 26 usd ) in nz . 
  was a great show . 
  were you near the guys who switched shirts ? 
  also try setting the time to 11:34 and turning the screen off to see if it happens . 
  haha nice , could you upload a picture ? 
  their advertising is really good lately , though anything is better than [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8jsdwv8ypq ), 
  if you really want low price you could get the regular op3 . 
  i 'm sure it 's a steal and still has a sd820 . 
  that 's why it 's a til , because they only learnt it today . 
  i did n't know either . 
  no , i do n't read the app descriptions for my default camera app and i do n't read the changelog of every app i update , nor every system app that gets updated . 
  does that mean you know every feature on your phone ? 
  yeah it would be pretty horrible to drive too . 
  you would n't be able to grip it well . 
  what about the app store on iphone ? 
  nice try dustin . 
  i use it all the time , i find it pretty useful if i 'm too lazy to type a search if it 's on the screen already . 
  thanks !, 
  that 's awesome that you got that !, 
  yeah i found note 7s corner radius to look perfect . 
  it was on a podcast where the host in the blue shirt ( dick ) was doing a `` competition '' for who could get advice from his `` life coach '' , who is just a long time friend who he drinks and goes shooting with . 
  dick was imagining people calling in asking the `` life coach '' what to drink etc since that 's what he does , instead the first two callers had been about pretty heavy topics , so he was saying he hopes the third one would be some guy who wanted to know what to drink , instead it was some guy who tried to kill himself . 
  current wallpaper link ? 
  you * do n't * have to ? 
  do you have sex ? 
  goodbye, 
  it 's not contradicting ? 
  it 's slower than usual in your area but your specific route is clear . 
  / u/madcucks what are the sales figures for a no . 
  4 spot ? 
  5/8 ratchet is n't that big ? 
  i regularly use 3/4 ratchets . 
  this has been a confusing chain of comments . 
  what ? 
  you have made zero sense in any of your comments . 
  i realise you are a troll or an idiot but i 'll just say imessage is n't really an app . 
  wow !, 
  i was n't gon na vote until somebody i do n't know said i should on the internet , now i 'm definitely going to vote !, 
  plus some people really should n't vote . 
  and that 's fine . 
  do you have to be stopped to interact ? 
  you need dick , you want dick , you love dick , you got it !, 
  it 's because less people use it . 
  if you look at payout per user they 're all on par .
