  divide 938.28 by 2 and you get your answer of 469.14 . 
  nzd ? 
  it 's 940.39 freedombucks . 
  or 764.30 usd if that 's what you meant , but it is probably cheaper than $ 764 in us . 
  [ a local group did that , you say ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/local_group ), 
  i 'm pretty sure the people who post are mostly pretentious douchebags , and 10 % of the posts are the `` that 's not how the majority of the master race acts . '', 
  although i 'm pretty sure the lurkers are split differently , and there are a lot more people who are n't pretentious douchebags . 
  and you 're going to hear this losing moment for a long time . 
  yes . 
  i 'm assuming because vac only checks things that are injected directly into the game , and not anything server side . 
  try verifying game integrity , i 'm not sure how it would work , but it 's worth a shot if you do n't really want to fully install . 
  you ca n't control me !, 
  i own about 60 % of the games , but i 'm considering buying it for half-life and l4d series . 
  would it still be worth it ? 
  in all honesty , do you need to ? 
  if you do really want to , wait for amd 's new lineup . 
  this is n't actually the corsair logo , i just thought it was so similar it was crazy . 
  i already have all of the other games though , that 's why i 'm not sure . 
  well you 've made your mind up then !, 
  nice dude , i love the leg cutouts . 
  i 'd say it 's because he gets his channel spread out on other sources , without much effort , and to people who are into videos he makes . 
  easy advertising for him , and cool hidden messages for us . 
  `` i dare you to pick truth next time i ask you '' would work . 
  what 's the one where you have to go into the vault at the start , is that 2 ? 
  because i spent fucking ages on that and could n't figure it out . 
  actually , because in 1947 they never discovered the transistor , so technology was hindered , along with a bunch of other stuff . 
  [ if you 're interested , read this . 
  quite interesting . 
  plus they used some of the music in fallout 3 from fallout i believe . 
  huh , what a great bot . 
  did you play the new fallouts first ? 
  because the s.p.e.c.i.a.l traits give a lot more to the game , and there is not really a `` crap '' character , but some can turn out terrible . 
  going for guns and strength is n't always best , intelligence , agility and luck play a big role . 
  a good start trait is gifted , which boosts special at a small cost . 
  how far through are you , if you are at the start , then sure if you want , but if you are halfway through , then just leave it . 
  in the end it does n't matter if you finish the game . 
  aha , well this is it , i have about 102 saves in one 20 hour game . 
  thanks , i 'll delete some of the saves today . 
  dude , you 're not supposed to tell him , that 's not how it works . 
  thanks , where do i get that stuff ? 
  yeah but can you run lol , dota , cs , wow , any other moba or rts , the forest , etc. 
  it worked , thanks !, 
  yeah , it was the saves thing . 
  or save the comment ? 
  nope , saving is a reddit feature . 
  there 's two buttons , save-res and save . 
  i saved the comment on mobile , so there 's not much of a problem . 
  i 'm really not sure what to make of this . 
  uh , yeah saving is nerdy , ok . 
  yep , i 'm with you there . 
  he could have included the stuff that he said in comments in the title , but instead posted a pointless picture for karma , and said do n't downvote me . 
  why are people so damn desparate . 
  i 'm pretty sure this has been done , if you search it should come up . 
  late , i know , but most people want to know the day first , because that 's what 's changing the most , and then months , and finally years , so it should be dd/mm/yy . 
  you can buy two decoys ? 
  `` smg '' , the normal kill reward does n't really make it worth it . 
  did not realize about the paint editing , sorry !, 
  oh well , you get the picture ( heh ) . 
  oh damn , thanks . 
  loving the new borders though , way better than the thick win8 ones . 
  ah , close enough i guess . 
  got it , thanks , just installed a different version and it was fine . 
  oh right , i ca n't search now but i do remember seeing it quite a while back , i 'll see if i can find it when i 'm on desktop version . 
  it 's about pixel density , not resolution . 
  i 'm sure if the monitor was huge , you could tell the difference between the two . 
  i ca n't tell the difference between 720p and 4k ... on a watch-sized screen . 
  it does n't actually have to be huge ... 
  considering a 1080p phone has like 3x more pixel density than a 27 '' 1440p monitor , and a 4k monitor still does n't touch 1080p phones . 
  i can tell the difference between a 720p phone display , and a 1080p phone display , which both have higher ppi . 
  if you look close enough , you 'll be able to tell the difference . 
  a 27 '' 1440p monitor has ~ 108 ppi , a 27 '' 4k monitor has ~ 163 ppi , and a `` retina display '' , where your eyes ca n't tell the difference at arms length , is around 250 ppi , most phones going way higher , into 300-400 . 
  i 'm just wondering , how many 4k and 1440p monitors you have seen , if you ca n't tell the difference , sure they look nice , but most phone displays , pixel wise , look a lot nicer , because of ppi . 
  fair enough . 
  what 's type 2 hypersensitivity like ? 
  thanks , i think i 'm ready to become a doctor now . 
  if it 's happening a lot , i 'll tell people to not run into me , and it either works for the rest of the game , or trolls try to do it on purpose for the rest of the game . 
  yeah , but i 'll say something like `` i 'm going to long please do n't run in front i need to be there quick . '', 
  that way they know it 's urgent , plus me asking them to move speeds it up for both of us . 
  i play in aus servers , so pass on the left here . 
  tomb raider though , that 's one game that does it right . 
  lame . 
  so you 're suggesting he made this image to trick you ? 
  flossing . 
  and cleaning your butthole . 
  have you spoken to this guy yet/will you ? 
  brothers unite !, 
  this . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ be ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ kind ... 
  changes position of headpiece . 
  make sure to post your inventory . 
  so there was an update ? 
  or no ? 
  i have n't either . 
  i have n't either . 
  i have n't either . 
  it 's on a partition on my hdd though , not on a disk drive , and i took that drive out , as it said to after installation . 
  when i select it it just boots to normal . 
  when i had ubuntu installed , there was one windows 8.1 option , and two ubuntu options , and one ubuntu option would also boot into windows , doing the same as it does now . 
  when i select it it just goes to windows and i do n't know why .
