  how bad is the battery drain ? 
  just wondering , how often do you/anybody update the nightly ? 
  most of my modules do n't seem to work though :(, 
  snapprefs , causes bootloop , i read somewhere that people had it working on 5.1 , i think lollistat also , gravitybox . 
  nope , next car game , it 's the demo/testing one . 
  next car game , this is the testing version . 
  what skins look good irl ? 
  i like the white leather one , but i 'm afraid it might look a bit feminine . 
  as in it wo n't install on the camera app ? 
  wo n't show up after install ? 
  wo n't show up to install ? 
  did you restart after installing the apk ? 
  does it show up on the camera app ? 
  in nz , 2degrees is missing ? 
  i loved the look of the phone , and the idea of the os , but it was super laggy , and the phone was kinda thick . 
  you could also flash i think it was 4.3 or something on there , and dual boot it . 
  falls out of the pocket pretty easy depending on your pants , but great otherwise . 
  does it work on 5.1 ( .1 ) ? 
  emoji switcher ? 
  is there a link to it ? 
  or is it gone ? 
  that new sharp phone looks a lot better than the previous iterations , and those specs are n't too terrible either , any word on price and availability ? 
  but you got ta multiply by half-life version again , since it will be on computer and mobile , so 2x3 = 6 . 
  android 6 confirmed . 
  the * only * problem i have with rif is it does n't show the gold count . 
  it 's a small , but rather good feature missing . 
  how is it compared to opo ? 
  if you really are , you should do an ama or something , sounds interesting !, 
   take a wrong turn, 
  you are only turning left , the whole race is left turns , how do you make a wrong turn . 
  really ? 
  ove been hesitant because there 's been reports of editing bugs , you have no problems ? 
  the big table of xposed apps says that installer isnt working on 5.1 ? 
  i meamt xinstaller sorry , i got the beta installed , and it worked but was slow . 
  thanks for the reply though !, 
  yeah me too . 
  somebody 's got ta do it . 
  i just bought this new titan-x , fun to use in gta to drive in the vinewood hills . 
  but you know what i like more than virtual video games ? 
  twice, 
  i do n't have that ... power, 
  it is some unicode bug or something ? 
  crashes the iphone messaging app . 
  it does n't make sense then , because '' ... make me . 
  take out the garbage ... '', 
  the thing is , if the people on this sub took your advice , they still might want money from these sites . 
  this post makes 0 sense . 
  why so many comments ? 
  why so many comments ? 
  why so many comments ? 
  why so many comments ? 
  will eye strain cause problems though ? 
  it is safe , if you are doing it safely . 
  these guys clearly were n't . 
  the same goes for anything you do on the road . 
  come on guys ... he does n't need the chair because he 's fat , he needs it because his legs are n't working from her sitting on them . 
  her thumb looks normal ? 
  ... alright ? . . 
  so uh ... did he get that $ 167 fine and 3 penalty points ? 
  the galaxies in space engine do n't actually change though , no matter how long you look at them , they stay the same . 
  it 's just planets and stars that move . 
  you only see lane split gifs gone wrong , because nobody is going to upload a gif of them lane splitting traffic and going right . 
  if you want examples of proper lane splitting , look up any moto vlogger , go look at some videos , and see that it is n't unsafe , and actually helps traffic . 
  yeah ... 
  i found out the hard way . 
  well the point is that would it be, 
  would the buttons not be on the wrong side for the left hand ? 
  the cm 5.1.1 keyboard does n't have the swype ( ? ), 
  feature working , so i use google keyboard . 
  i do like the secondary features on letters though , which is a missing function on google keyboard . 
  damn :( no other keyboards are the same either . 
  holy crap . 
  thanks so much !, 
  / r/todayibullshitted, 
  try send even a decent phone picture over text and it makes it look absolutely horrendous . 
  seriously terrible . 
  it 's probably the case here . 
  how long does it last ? 
  and how long screen on ? 
  oh wow , what miraculous app could do that ? 
  did this for me too !, 
  i think maybe it does it by position ? 
  so if it 's in your pants pocket , it thinks it 's a bicycle , just a guess though . 
  i 'm not sure , it was just a suggestion . 
  sounds like he 's in some denial . 
  i think it 's because you have 2 high end cards in sli , try running it on one of your 780s , and see how it goes . 
  dude , you realise theres a difference between witcher 3 graphics settings on pc and console . 
  you could dumb the game down enough so a raspberry pi could run it , and claim that it is all powerful , but it 's not . 
  it runs at 30fps on the ps4 , which , by the way , is the same as what the new batman games run at , but most pc gamers ca n't stand 30fps , understandably . 
  it 's fine if you like your ps4 , but goddamn keep it to yourself . 
  sure , a higher percent is indies , but there are * still more * graphically demanding games on pc , * if that 's what you 're worried about * , which all of your comments seem to bitch about . 
  minority = / = not many . 
  you fucking dolt , it runs the same framerate on console and pc , so if you see it as smooth on consoles , you will on pc . 
  the same drops , bugs , everything . 
  oh shit , really ? 
  i guess he 's problem free then . 
  that 's pretty bad that it does n't though . 
  oh shit , really ? 
  i guess he 's problem free then . 
  that 's pretty bad that it does n't though .
