  how do you know it 's a guy ? 
  until you get fucked over and they double-sell your key , and do n't give your money back for 2 months . 
  i thought it was a circlejerk too until the 2nd game i got off of there fucked me over . 
  bioshock infinite . 
  great story , cool setting , it 's kind of dated now so you can pick it up for cheap , and it still looks pretty damn good . 
  [ it 's on newegg for 7.50 . 
  ] ( http://www.newegg.com/product/product.aspx?item=n82e16832205061&amp;nm_mc=afc-c8junction&amp;cm_mmc=afc-c8junction-tomas%20fedor-_-na-_-na-_-na&amp;cm_sp=&amp;aid=10446076&amp;pid=6305441&amp;sid= ), 
  neither did i , if you do n't already , use the enhancedsteam extension on your browser , and it 'll tell you what store is currently selling the game you 're looking at the cheapest . 
  it 'll also tell you things like historical lowest price and how many people play it ( it only works in that browser though ) . 
  just go to a steam page , and it should have the price info above the game , and also 2 new headings , one saying current players and the other saying player data . 
  [ this is what it looks like ] ( http://imgur.com/a/lwspk ) . 
  i did use paypal , i still got fucked over . 
  i just mentioned this in another subreddit , use the enhancedsteam extension for your browser and you can save the same , maybe even more while avoiding shady websites . 
  it tells you what site is selling the game you 're looking at for the lowest price . 
  this was about a year ago . 
  i tried but the seller and/or g2a said i had to first drop the paypal dispute or they would n't resolve it , i left it for a while going paypal would solve it but nothing happened , i dropped it then contacted the seller and g2a and they did n't reply , i could n't reopen the paypal dispute because it only lets you do it once . 
  eventually after 2 months or so i got my money back , and i 'm super lucky somebody on reddit got the game for me , the steam version too , not the drm free one i tried to buy . 
  i realise i should n't have closed the dispute , but i was frustrated and did n't know what to do . 
  i did , i replied on this thread about it . 
  yeah i was an idiot though . 
  that 's what i was saying , and was telling people who do use g2a to avoid it . 
   defiantly, 
  / r/absolutelynotmeirl, 
  i know that now . 
  ok , but even then you 're not running the risk of getting fucked over , and you can still save a lot . 
  the person above them was speaking about men though , and it 's frowned upon for white men , when men are half the population of america , so how are women less frowned upon ? 
  oh i did n't see you said bitcoin , no i paid in nzd but i cancelled the dispute . 
  why do people think linear story = bad ? 
  it does n't need to be a choose your own adventure to be good . 
  i think that 's more than just mildly infuriating . 
  i find a lot of the defaults do . 
  oh no i already did it and it worked . 
  i hope this does n't happen . 
  i feel they 're used for different parts of education though , a school was never going to fork out thousands for one laptop , and a uni student probably is n't going to buy a chromebook because it does n't have enough functionality . 
  what about the alligator ? 
  is n't that unchanged for millions of years ? 
  it looks terrible like that . 
  genuinely curious , how have they responded ? 
  well he 's not bright . 
  it depends on what you do , your situation is definitely ideal . 
  sure you can write papers on it , but anything past basic photo/video editing , and probably more that i ca n't think of and you 're going to be lacking . 
  plus , at least where i am , you need to use certain programs to do assignments which you just ca n't get on chromebooks . 
  did that work for you ? 
  it 's happening to me currently . 
  donate to their patreon and you know it will go directly to them . 
  just a reminder they have a patreon which you can donate to and you know they will get the money that way . 
  [ what ? 
  screenshots are impossible to fake . 
  we need sheawn in there too . 
  some people just do n't care enough to have an account , but want to message people . 
  you should report those ads when you see them, 
  plus going back to physical i realised how harsh it was . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can send feedback or something on it . 
  i think there 's a report button but i ca n't remember . 
  lol , no shit . 
  but you can use leds for multiple things , and it also specifies what type of light it is . 
  an lcd is a liquid crystal display , so you only describe it as a display , but led is a light emitting diode which can be used for multiple things . 
  well oled display is an organic light emitting diode display , or an led billboard , another type of display . 
  led light sensor , different from an led light . 
  i 'm sure there are more but those are some common ones . 
  but light is describing what the technology is doing ( a diode that emits light ) , whereas light at the end is describing what it is . 
  an atm machine is describing what it is in the name and at the end . 
  yes an led display makes light but you do n't describe it as that if it 's a display , otherwise you would describe the lcd display as an lcd light . 
  bottom comment, 
  i felt the exact same !, 
  as soon as i saw it i knew what was going on , but other posts often take me some time to get . 
  openvpn/private tunnel is pretty good , you pay for the data you use , $ 10 for 20gb , $ 20 for 100gb or $ 30/year for unlimited ( $ 10/year cheaper than pia ) . 
  i am pretty sure they do n't , i ca n't check right now though . 
  / r/vpn recommends them and it 's been pretty good so far ( i am still on the 2gb they give free ) . 
  what fitness app is that widget from ? 
  is there a link to that ? 
  i want to believe . 
  i thought he said these were n't real though ? 
  he 's dick 's friend right ? 
  i 'd assume that he would go with dick . 
  how do you want proof ? 
  it was 2 am and i took this from my phone . 
  i can upload it however you want and you 'll still cry fake . 
  also , if you do n't think that 's his gmail , i emailed him 2 other times . 
  i 'm really not sure how else you want me to prove it . 
  its the same email that was on the biggest problem website . 
  fixed link, 
  i showed proof in another comment replying to the parent comment of this thread . 
  what is with you conspiracy dipshits . 
  ah of course , that 's what i should 've done in the 60 second turn around of this email , instead of whatever i apparently did . 
  forreal tho [ here 's some other emails i sent him ] ( http://m.imgur.com/ewi3x5f ) for those who do n't believe . 
  he does n't go on this subreddit though , or does he ? 
  i can see the hate comments on a maddox + asteroid show already . 
  i definitely noticed sean being more defending of dick when he was being the voice of reason , and also being more aggressive to maddox . 
  we better get some answers . 
  who would n't ? 
  i pay and i get fresh dick every week ? 
  sounds like a dream . 
  i posted a screenshot . 
  i do n't care enough about karma to fake it . 
  i do n't care about any of this shit enough to fake it . 
  i 'm not sure why so many people think everything is faked . 
  yes it 's a dm . 
  it takes way too much effort to fake , it is most definitely real . 
  for me at least , the requirements are :,
