  youtube gives out the worst amount to artists . 
  wait it replaces now on tap ? 
  i use that too much for assistant to take over . 
  yup , i had a rat 7 , the sensor was terrible , the side buttons went mushy after less than a year , and the software was garbage . 
  hey , triangles are beautiful at every size . 
  ca n't deal with cringeworthy shitposts , but you made three . 
  fuck wrong thread . 
  i mean april fools !!!!!!!!, 
  that alarm gave me flashbacks to when i had it set as mine . 
  or vid.me for a video . 
  pocketcasts is great . 
  well worth it . 
  not only did the comic not make sense , your comment did n't either . 
  both great lines . 
  meh , for 5 bucks i 'm not complaining . 
  often people have oily skin because they do n't use enough moisturiser . 
  why does n't the manufacturer make them like that from the factory ? 
  is n't the `` game completion '' just the percentage of the map discovered ? 
  the reason they 're worth the same as everything else is because they are just another point on the map . 
  maybe i 'm overestimating how much influence the public record is , but having animal cruelty on your record seems like a pretty big hit to your integrity . 
  then again she probably does n't care . 
  yeah there is , there is way more customisation now . 
  why not a brz though ? 
  hoonicorn also has 1400hp . 
  you could spin the wheels just by putting your foot down . 
  were you the one on sick leave ? 
  ah , * only * 845 ? 
  still it 's probably more than enough to spin the wheels when it weighs next to nothing . 
  are n't they both boxer engines with similar hp ? 
  only impreza loses more whp . 
  i 'm not a subaru person so idk . 
  i 'm reality ? 
  probably somebody who advises you what to do , helps you achieve your goals . 
  for dick ? 
  somebody who he goes shooting with or drinking with , and asks what gun he should use or what beer he should drink, 
  amp is fine , the fact that it 's priority over default apps is less so . 
  i do that now . 
  i often forget to turn it off though , also it asked for root when i tried through tasker so i 'm not sure if i 'm doing it right . 
  doing it on a per app basis seems to work though . 
  oh shit i need to try that . 
  jfc i see this and think it 's ridiculous , but part of me thinks what if it 's true . 
  i 'm meaning if it 's being meant as a diss track , it 's so ridiculous but what if you 're right . 
  hodgy is good too . 
  no earl but still . 
  he 's / u/probably _ not_serious . 
  jesus did they want to start a war in the comments ? 
  people get too defensive about their preferred brands . 
  nope, 
  can you turn off the lock screen completely ? 
  that was fast, 
  i 'd say '09 too . 
  do you have hobbies ? 
  i reckon if they post the same thing on reddit next year ... 
  there will still be no change, 
  i guess it counts as yes , but i think op meant adjusting your focus so everything is blurred . 
  stars and celebrities, 
  yeah i had pixel as the top , op3 and g6 next , and 7 + dead last . 
  genuinely surprised 7 + lacked so much . 
  that 's not innovation when multiple phones had done it beforehand . 
  their most recent `` innovation '' so to say is probably 3d touch , and even then it 's not extremely useful . 
  still cool though . 
  i 'm glad that card style is gone . 
  so much wasted space . 
  i like the full card style we have now . 
  is n't it like , 4 years old ? 
  i 'd like to see different isp speed averages . 
  spark specifically . 
  holy shit it 's from 2011 . 
  i was also 13 . 
  no but i do n't think anybody would really call adding a 2x zoom camera innovation either . 
  it 's a cool feature but not really innovating . 
  yup . 
  it sucks . 
  launcher : nova, 
  icons : tabloid, 
  widget : pixel widget, 
  wallpaper : [ with rainpaper on top ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y8vmmp2.png ), 
  hmmm, 
  honestly i do n't think motion controls will ever match a joystick in something like mk primarily because of that reason . 
  finally nz gets something before the us . 
  that 's how it works in real life too , when somebody kills themselves they were a kind , gentle person who everybody liked , and people do n't know why they did it . 
  it shows that side , since people always tell hannah 's parents they were friends with her ( e.g courtney ) even if they were part of the reason why . 
  but it also shows the hurt it caused other people , like her parents , and even the people that she felt hurt by , like alex , or clay , or jessica . 
  huh ? 
  it 's not saying it 's always the case . 
  it 's telling the story of a girl 's suicide to bring up a point about bullying and depression/suicide in school . 
  it definitely does n't beat the s8 / + . 
  i could probably get 6 hours in a full day with my op3 but that would probably be sacrificing a lot . 
  i 'm using dev with this enabled and have had no problems so far . 
  the i and the e use a similar stencil . 
  it 's a bit confusing . 
  because like others have said , it 's map completion not game completion . 
  every point on the map is 0.08 % . 
  there is no game completion percent . 
  whoever else commented here is shadow banned . 
  `` oh shit , oh shit , oh god . 
  what the freak ? '', 
  lucky because that last f-bomb would 've put it overboard . 
  [ another mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hm3csshxj4 ), 
  [ another mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hm3csshxj4 ),
