  she 's moon walking obviously . 
  i 've never felt an earthquake and still have n't . 
  i wish i felt this one . 
  man i love it when i hear new zealand , i do n't even know why . 
  no , he gave away the 10 people on googles ip and ssid . 
  gosh, 
  does the same on intel cpus as well . 
  `` use 3 cores '', 
  more like use the third core . 
  what is this website ? 
  plus at any rank , there are those moments when you are spraying at somebody , and you both completely fuck up your spray pattern and miss a lot of bullets . 
  so you could miss 12 . 
  i just tried to type this with my eyes closed . 
  i just typed the sentence above with my eyes closed . 
  do you guys have seizures or something . 
  sell your ps3 version online, 
  buy on steam during sale, 
  you could actually get a profit depending on the sale price . 
  i 'm betting it will be one of the first mods made . 
  that and something to do with shrek . 
  they 're making heists for all new versions . 
  buy pc for like 500 bucks, 
  plug in a controller, 
  invite friends on steam, 
  kiss computer because you love it, 
  be several hundred hours in gta v, 
  love pcs man, 
  seriously , a 500 $ usd pc will do , or if you are in another country , a pc the price of a new console will run games better . 
  plug in whatever controller you like , i like kb/m , but plug in any controller ; x360 , xbone , ps3 , ps4 , whatever the fuck you like , not stuck to one controller , that is the worst excuse/argument i 've ever heard . 
  i do n't know what you mean by the psn friends thing , but there are steam friends . 
  whaat ? 
  he said he wanted to trade ps3 gtav for pc gtav , so i said sell it , buy on steam during sale , and he probably will get a profit , because it 's a lot cheaper . 
  ugh , and i never see anybody else do it when i look at them . 
  glad i 'm not the only one . 
  well fuck . 
  no kiddint.g . 
  fuck i forgot which sub i was on , and this damn browser extresnsion gets me every time . 
  why am i having a seizure now but i was n't before . 
  send help . 
  i wa n't to believe . 
  let me believe . 
  they 've said multiple times why they would never do this . 
  they said they would rather hate them for not having the option , than hate the person who fucked up/person who did n't vote what they wanted etc. 
  where 's that ? 
  [ i 'd go with propane . 
  not saying you 're wrong , but why would flusha lock , and shoot at the box , with smoke behind it , when he does n't where the player is . 
  that gave away his position , which meant seized knew exactly where he was . 
  why would he give away his position in a 1v1 ? 
  also that 's a really quick snap , to a place where another player is near , and it is also 16 tick , so the movements are reasonably accurate , but the aiming and timing is not . 
  to me , i see this as clear hacking . 
  yeah , 150 . 
  dad still called me scared because i did n't get it out of 2nd . 
  that 's a 16 tick demo , and that often happens on 16 tick demos . 
  i doubt he could pinpoint the sound to his exact location . 
  yeah , my first card is a 280x , and there 's nothing wrong with the drivers that i can tell . 
  i never hear what 's wrong with them , just that `` they 're bad . '', 
  you come into a thread that says ps4 , specifically to say get a life to people who promote pc masterrace . 
  that 's fucking golden . 
  i think you are the one who needs to get a life dude , you are 10x worse than them . 
  still in there ? 
  new zealand . 
  it 's 12.31 am and i have an exam today . 
  outside , pretty dark , pretty cold . 
  does it taste like spinach ? 
  or does it taste completely different ? 
  everybody says this is hilarious , but i find this extremely creepy , even though i realize it 's a joke . 
  this wins . 
  the thought of that is fucking horrible , sure being burned is bad and all , but this definitely takes the cake . 
  is that first image a minigames map ? 
  or another gamemode ? 
  pixel density is a thing , people would rather see a lot of screens , than a bunch of pixels . 
  they do things outside of gaming , so they could have music on one screen , browser on another , and a document on another . 
  i would rather sit on a desk to play games , it 's personal opinion . 
  resolution/pixel density . 
  here you are getting greater fov , on a tv , you get the same fov just bigger . 
  you 're doing something wrong if you 're playing at ( i 'm guessing ) 1080p and upgrading your gpu every 18 months . 
  seriously . 
  it was probably a smurf . 
  rat uses a laser sensor . 
  mines only problem is not working on dark surfaces ( same on most laser sensors ) , and mouse 4 is a bit mushy , but that 's probably my most used button and it still works so it does n't matter . 
  yup , hace a rat7 , only problem is the laser sensor being sensitive with dust and dark surfaces . 
  in 4-5 hrs from now , this was posted 2 hours ago , it 's 8.25 pm here in nz , and it says it will be at 5.35 pm . 
  something is fucked up here . 
  woooo me too !, 
  mine was l2 business , what was yours ? 
  what 's wrong with your pc ? 
  pbtech is sometimes alright for prices . 
  my 120gb ssd was 100 bucks . 
  [ here 's my profile . 
  he 's saying at 640x480 he would get enough fps to utilize the refresh rate of the monitor , if he got 60fps on a 240hz monitor , it would be useless , and he might as well play at the highest resolution , but since he has good hardware , at 640x480 it would be easy to push 240fps . 
  hz is images per second on the screen , and so is the framerate . 
  there 's a bunch of this stuff happening , random colors showing up etc. 
  it wo n't come up in game screenshots but everywhere else it does . 
  please help , i 'm ingame now . 
  done that . 
  really ? 
  i have n't tried verifying game cache , and i 've only had gpu 4 months :(, 
  i live in nz :( the card is 4mnths old . 
  67 degrees , that 's not extreme ? 
  it was , it 's gone now and idk what i did .
