  heavy metal or dubstep, 
  poker , no . 
  golf , no . 
  cheerleading , yes . 
  i dunno , anything thats high intensity and requires more effort than swinging something and driving to what you hit . 
  baseball , yes because you run around . 
  not really, 
  i do n't believe there ever could be . 
  if there was a 100 % success rate ? 
  i see your name has something to do with your choice, 
  how would you get down ? 
  would you really ? 
  not even try to defend yourself ? 
  what about all the survivors ? 
  the success rate of preserving bodies is low, 
  shit son , thats actually amazing . 
  yes , honestly . 
  i know plenty of other people who would love to go up to 100km, 
  your mom :p, 
  its 7.30 at night , not everybody lives where you do, 
  how are you productively working if you are on reddit ? 
  what , i need help, 
  i 'm being serious , help, 
  how do i get that up ? 
  i got mac os x installed, 
  no i need help please, 
  ok thank you i 'll try it, 
  ok thank you kind sir, 
  * goes up to somebody * wub wub wub wub, 
  * person * ... 
  wow, 
  its not like its free ... zed, 
  until i got taller, 
  an ass tray , that shits gross, 
   i 'm really 40, 
  ** ftfy **, 
  obnoxiousness, 
  miles though ? 
  this sounds amazing, 
  i 'll have to watch it then !, 
  hey . 
  mines good :(, 
  well played sir , well played, 
  that is now stuck in my head, 
  put a ring on it, 
  1 ) you must post a clear and direct question , and only the question , in your title . 
  2 ) askreddit is for thought-provoking , discussion-inspiring questions . 
  so did i, 
  why cant it be both most upvoted and most downvoted ? 
  green mile . 
  did you even read the rules ? 
  i 've seen some in five or six , but not seven . 
  i doubt there would be many but i do n't know, 
  livin ' on a prayer - bon jovi, 
  if i had not abandoned mine i would be in the 1 year club :( i know the feels . 
  although yours is more serious ... 
  i scroll down your profile and you just fuck everything, 
  i 'm always paranoid the camera will secretly project me while i 'm pooping , so i avoid it . 
  do you ever wan na change your name ? 
  being able to jizz ice-cream if you watch weird porn ? 
  why not normal milk ? 
  well since i would n't recognize anything from outside my room , i 'd probably just show myself my room . 
  why are you looking in my window ? 
  masterbation, 
  how do you know we 're neighbors , are you looking in my window ? 
  why are you looking in my window ? 
  no thanks, 
  i 'm not ? 
  new zealand ... 
  gavin !!!!!!!, 
  stop watching porn :p, 
  not at all, 
  a phone that does the same as other phones but for 3 times the pri ... oh wait , nevermind, 
   you must post a clear and direct question , in your title . 
  or the farting hippo ... 
  a way to say thanks without messaging and thats free, 
  nope , i checked it on mspaint . 
  it checks out . 
  if you could go back in time to kill your grandmother , then you would not be born , therefore not be able to kill your grandmother , and in turn , your grandmother would be alive and so would you , leaving you able to kill your grandmother . 
  there is no comfortable place for your tongue to rest . 
  did n't see a train coming . 
  i had a `` second chance '' type feel . 
  i feel that since there is italics i am meant to get something , but i do n't ... 
  oh okay thanks . 
  that 's the best time to ask . 
  does n't matter , your atoms are their atoms right ? 
  i live in new zealand :d, 
  are you worried about your safety ? 
  well on the news they just said the internet is a `` key place for people to connect '' and `` a lifeline for victims '', 
  was it a girl or boy that gave it ? 
  dang i wish they would let people post fictional deaths here . 
  a load of subjects , such as english and math came up and ate the emperor . 
  steal shit, 
  why not have both ? 
  google `` nicolas cage can act '', 
  wow , so it actually hit you ? 
  do n't link to 4chan , it 404 's too easily, 
  so what makes a good sequel ? 
  that is actually sound reasoning, 
  some movies do it right , but others are just terrible,
