  i wish there was an option to make her rebel more and be maxs bae . 
  how old is that picture ? 
  even for 24 years , the land around it looks really underdeveloped . 
  i thought it would go in at the end . 
  i need closure . 
  other cars used to race as well , godzilla even won . 
  also , they 're doing pretty good for themselves considering they 're new/coming back in . 
  i would n't say that . 
  not a fanboy but i think it 's pretty obvious he ended it and bugzy kept tweeting at him . 
  and he dropped 3 that were relevant to what bugzy was tweeting . 
  yeah as interesting as it would be for something to happen , i hope chip does n't give him attention . 
  after relegation riddim chip fired after everybody all at once and called it the end . 
  pretty clearly trying to stop the beef , but since bugzy kept provoking him , even 5 months after he ended it , chip fires off 3 at bugzy . 
  tinie and bugzy try one more and chip replies . 
  chip finally had the last say in october . 
  the fact that bugzy kept tweeting him and provoking him is kinda pathetic though . 
  tim can i also get promo 4 lyft . 
  hmmm where have we heard yelling as comedy from on the show ... oh that 's right . 
  you have been banned from / r/me _ irl . 
  i 'm pretty sure maddox 's name is george . 
  hey , did you get this working ? 
  i have the same problem on an mg2965 . 
  edit : got it , for anybody wondering [ here 's a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zu3e0f6nrmg ) . 
  just go to task manager  services and then at the bottom select open services and find print spooler . 
  right click , select restart and it should work . 
  yeah i 'm not going to have 5 different subscriptions to listen to all of the artists i want , i 'd rather just listen to most of it on one platform , and miss out on a few songs . 
  wow i never thought about this , are there any good browsers that use a bottom navigation bar . 
  [ here 's what i 've got so far . 
  ] ( http://pastebin.com/ru9w9axy ) , i 'm stuck on the second and third integers , because i 'm not sure how to get the middle integers sorted without re-printing the lowest and highest integers . 
  i 've got the lowest and highest integer , that 's easy , but i 'm not sure how to remove those from the potential list , or how to find the middle integers . 
  [ here 's it so far . 
  the course has only mentioned lists , and they 're pretty adamant only using those two functions , is there any other way to do it ? 
  what if the variables change though ? 
  would a list be easiest then ? 
  i spent ages going in circles with min ( ) / max ( ) . 
   comparing integers in pairs, 
  as in using min ( ) & max ( ) on only 2 integers at a time ? 
  will this work when the integers change ? 
  and also will it work if they change order ? 
  edit : [ this is what i 've changed it to ] ( http://pastebin.com/frbtpyz4 ) , using the numbers on the side for an example . 
  less simple if we 're not allowed to use lists ... 
  you would turn it over to read the instructions , which would pour water out of the boot . 
  they 're saying this person is inept . 
  thank you !, 
  finally got it , [ here it is . 
  edit : woops forgot to remove the numbers, 
  or , less cynically , it 's to fund developers who would n't otherwise be able to afford to make a game that ambitious . 
  yo tim changzzzzz i got the message but it did n't work . 
  but there 's only one of him , so he 'll be easy to find . 
  it 's not old if it 's current . 
  you 're old as shit . 
  we 're all old as shit on this blessed day . 
  how so ? 
  cheawn : audio engineer . 
  i reckon every 20 or so episodes bring him back , or at least once everybody 's forgotten about him and then tim changzzzzz ber ber ber . 
  diiiick is the winner . 
  there 's 2 options to what the kid is going to do , come back with a diss or come back with a gun . 
  a common saying when there are two options is `` a little bit from column a , a little bit from column b. '', 
  that must suck to get all the way through the building , you either go all the way down to the ground and walk across , or you walk inside and take way longer than necessary . 
  got some there tonight . 
  i 'm the opposite , i barely got to whoever the second person was before i went to online . 
  i would buy it instantly without the single player campaign . 
  got a link ? 
  what 's a good image hosting site with less compression ? 
  it 's either getting worse or i 'm noticing it more , but it 's pretty annoying . 
  or just / r/counterstrike, 
  but actually allowed there . 
  where were the voicemails at the end of the episode ? 
  meant this as a question but accidentally put fullstop . 
  ever since i went to cm13 the on-screen nav bar has done this . 
  i did that , and while it looks better , it still has the blurring where the buttons were . 
  wow that seemed so simple , thanks !, 
  now it 's just not letting me input the answer into where it says the question , the quiz shows [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/p2non9a ) . 
  i know somethings wrong , but i just ca n't spot what 's wrong and where . 
  i ca n't call them in main , do i call them in menu_option ( ) ? 
  have you got it back yet ? 
  is there a cutoff date for when you can send in ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that 's when they 'll reply . 
  i realise those functions are n't needed , and i would find it easier without them , but the problem says that i ca n't change the main function , and that it must include all , and only the functions i have included in the code . 
  that 's not using the function check_solution ( ) though , since it 's just checking the solution in the menu_option ( index , count ) , and it 's also not using the get_user_solution ( problem ) function . 
  and also , when i choose the index for the problem , it does n't give me the option to answer the question , instead skipping it and getting me to choose the next index . 
  when i saw it i thought there was going to be some funny twist . 
  nope , just a song . 
  comments like the one on top never cease to annoy the fuck out of me . 
  you did n't actually think that and it 's not funny . 
  how can somebody be so autistic . 
  i wish there was a way for paid episodes to be on pocketcasts . 
  adding episodes manually makes it look like trash . 
  i updated to the oneplus one cm13 nightly on the 21st of april and it appeared then , i then updated to the nightly on the 24th and it is still there . 
  every time i update i have to reflash and change dpi settings so i 'm cautious of updating . 
  does anybody know if it 's fixed ? 
  just cyanogenmod , can i make it so it just shows lte instead of the r. 
  and if i do n't want the r showing ? 
  nowhere near . 
  there 's no option for other networks . 
  i can use mobile data now , but it still shows r. 
  yeah but it resets every time because those dpis are only in sets of 40 , but my dpi is set to 420 so it sets to 480 every time i reflash . 
  i also meant reflash and change dpi as two different things . 
  what 's reddits favorite song ? 
  ( definitely not going to post it to / r/videos . ),
