  oh thanks for that thread !, 
  i did turn on roaming , i guess i 'll just try wait it out for the roaming symbol to go away . 
  i think it 's also 99 % because of lewis . 
  i 'd still use paywave if android pay came here , no authentication needed on a card using paywave . 
  in nz it 's not on the play store , but in most stores its ~ $ 1200 and the 5x is ~ $ 730 . 
  my oneplus one was ~ $ 600 2 years ago , and i think the opt is similar . 
  that 's neat . 
  oh no lewis why . 
  whoever 's editing please do n't include lewis ' pov again , i do n't think i can handle any more . 
  it 's meant to be like that , i 'm pretty sure it 's a flashback . 
  lisa is also wearing different clothes, 
  south of nz . 
  pretty late , but dead slow similar to dead quiet , meaning go extremely slow , because there are children and animals . 
  that cracker on the left is so cheesy . 
  no i disagree , we do n't have to argue senselessly . 
  not a video but yogpod 31 where they played dnd was where i first heard sips ' and his horrendous mic . 
  any sips video is great . 
  subnautica is pretty similar too , but more futuristic . 
  spaceship, 
  life raft, 
  no explanation ( that i can think of ), 
  who downvoted this whole fucking thread ? 
  i 'm pretty sure arkham city was regarded as the best arkham game . 
  arkham knight was the one that was messed up on release . 
  that 's the attitude !, 
  not trying to be funny , have you called sky to ask them ? 
  would they ship to nz ? 
  you are now banned from / r/toomeirlformeirl . 
  it 's definitely not lights , i 'd like to know what it is as well though . 
  oh , interesting !, 
  would that be caused by whatever is happening in the picture or not ? 
  and countries that use cents . 
  are you serious ? 
  i can do this fix with root and i 'm on 6.0.1 and not on a nexus . 
  why does it say `` sexism , racism , porn and cats '' if you hover over it for about 3 seconds ? 
  it 's the top comment , am i allowed to say the subreddit ? 
  i was just on the front page , mine said that too but if i held it longer it had another pop-up . 
  it was / r/subredditcancer . 
  it was my first and last time there , there are so many racist posts and comments . 
  it looks different . 
  [ this is what happens ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y7tizqw.jpg ) . 
  holy fuck i never saw `` friendly subs '' because i 'm usually on mobile . 
  how long has this sub been shit ? 
  so all cringe subs are ruled by fucking idiotic mods then ? 
  because it 's an announcement trailer . 
  it is just there to make the announcement , not show gameplay . 
  i just cry while my head is in a bucket , and usually cry so much that my head is submerged by tears and i fall asleep . 
  that 's just me though . 
  well we all want to do something for climate change , but asking students or working people to come up with a good alternate solution to oil pollution is a pretty big ask . 
  i think they were just trying to do what they thought was right . 
  oh shit , i clearly do n't want to do anything about climate change then . 
  nah man c10 and c110 is where its at . 
  you know there 's no comfortable place for your tongue to rest ? 
  he also has a linkedin with his photo . 
  i think most people on reddit forget . 
  i never use nfc , and i 've had it in my phone 's since 2012 . 
  i use contactless payments , but i 'd probably never use my phone for that . 
  and most other uses , like this , are pretty obscure . 
  i did n't want videos and i do n't want this either . 
  they seem to make more essential stuff a separate app when it does n't need to be and instead integrates dumb stuff into the core app that could just be a separate app . 
  swipe in from the right when in the interface and it should have a button that says add to home screen . 
  huh , i 've had it on my homescreen for ~ 2 months . 
  i wonder why it 's taking so long . 
  one of my favourites . 
  i think just going outside sometimes achieves the same . 
  resize the screen . 
  i 'm pretty sure htc had the htc one max , a curved metal phone with a 5.5 '' screen , before the iphone 6 + was out , and possibly before it was announced . 
  and all of those features were around separately , and pretty commonly before the 6 + . 
  also , an `` innovative '' frame that makes it difficult to bend ? 
  it 's not that important to most consumers , what most people i know want is a high quality phone ( which would be metal/glass ) , comfortable to hold ( curved , not square ) , and a decent size , which is ~ 5.5 '' . 
  also , the best selling phone of the year so far ( s7 ) , is doing none of those things , why do n't you just get that if you 're looking for a new phone . 
  if you are n't , why are you complaining ? 
  do you know if any other banks in nz have it ? 
  they do n't support oneplus phones ... 
  i 'm on asb and semble only supports every samsung , lg g2-g4 , sony xperia z , some carrier made phones , and a few htc and huawei phones . 
  dude ... that 's fucked up . 
  yeah sorry i was thinking less than or equal to 3 , also what about if there 's two of the same , and i want it to be the last word of the smallest length . 
  that works , thanks !, 
  thanks , i did it with less than or equal to 4 , i messed up my wording . 
  i got it , was a lot simpler than i thought . 
  = if ( isblank ( h19 ) ; `` dns '' ; m19 ), 
  he could 've reverse image searched it though . 
  [ gwyneth paltrow . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/watchitfortheplot/comments/4jl0n6/gwyneth_paltrow_had_good_plot_in_shallow_hal/ ), 
  try post in / r/whatisthisthing . 
  or just trust your boyfriend is n't cheating . 
  could be oneplus 3 squared or something . 
  if it has ois i 'm all for it . 
  i can play fallout 4 maxed out ( albeit 1080p ) and i have i5-4670k and 280x with 8gb ram ... that 's super overkill for the games you 're playing , and if you 're just playing games you could probably cut a bit on cpu and maybe get 12gb of ram and get a better gpu , or just cut back on them and save some money . 
  but that build should play 1440p just fine . 
  if you want to stream then you probably will need that better cpu , and if you 're going to be playing at 1440p and streaming it 's going to be pretty taxing on your computer . 
  i do n't really know much about streaming requirements , maybe make a post on here about it if you have n't already . 
  it should be fine for that then . 
  there is still a visible path , also that slide seemed to only collect big rocks , leaving medium and small ones behind visibly . 
  no way ... what 's his youtube of ? 
  it better not be his baby ... 
  just checked ... it 's vlogs with his baby . 
  it 's the webby awards , who makes everybody do 5 word speeches . 
  [ this was buzzfeed 's 5 word speech ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kr2uxgkghq4 ) from 2 years ago . 
  can you mark solved please .
