  so either way you guys would have grandparents running the country . 
  i have no words to describe how weird that is . 
  i bet he fulfilled some weird fantasies though , so good on him . 
  onions are the devil 's food . 
  google did the same when [ burger king tried to trigger google home ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_o54le4__i ) . 
  yeah , i do n't get to choose between female or a rock band when i play fallout, 
  i think it 's something to do with him being a liqourhead , shit makes your face shrink . 
  you 're not getting downvoted for being wrong , you 're being downvoted for being an asshole . 
  aye me too . 
  i always wondered how many people from dairy flat were on here . 
  and give him a free microphone/speakers so he never gets silenced . 
  yeah higher friction makes it smoother , but makes it a lot more inconvenient . 
  she 's dead though . 
  do you have a link to that one ? 
  i think it 's a funny joke because i know a very small amount of people will get upset about it , and seeing people mad over menial shit is pretty funny to me . 
  you 're legitimately putting the blame of trans suicides on me ? 
  i did n't say i was n't supportive of transgender or genderqueer people , and the laugh i 'm getting is n't at their expense it 's at yours . 
  i do n't care if it makes fun of the left or the right , white people or black people , women or men , cisgender or transgender , straight or otherwise , if a joke makes people so mad that they feel the need to blame suicides on strangers on the internet i 'm gon na find it pretty funny . 
  aaand he posted on / r/ratemycock . 
  so is it just trans we are n't allowed to joke about , or is it anything mildly offensive . 
  if it 's just trans people that are n't allowed to he made fun then you 're just making a special case for a certain group of people , and there 's an inequality . 
  on the other hand if you do n't want any mildly offensive jokes , the line becomes blurry and the world is wrapped in bubble wrap to avoid hurt feelings . 
  if you take them to heart offensive jokes will all prevent mental wellbeing . 
  i could say `` gay jokes are an attack on sexual preference , which is a very important issue to them , preventing mental wellbeing '' and it would still be true . 
  i am aware of what you are saying , that denial of identity is how you 're being discriminated and therefore it 's not okay to joke about , but that 's the point of a gay joke too , or a race joke , or whatever offensive joke . 
  that 's usually what makes them offensive . 
  also by saying it 's `` just more general offence/disapproval '' you just dismissed other groups struggles and problems to `` general offence , '' never mind the fact that black people were segregated for years , or jews were systematically slaughtered . 
  why tf did you get downvoted all of a sudden ? 
  because if you do it as if they were five it can be condescending . 
  it 's in the sidebar saying it 's not to explain to a literal five year old . 
  not sure if this is the right place to post this , but i thought this lady was insane . 
  i found it on a facebook group against porn , do they not think these actresses sign contracts ? 
  or the porn companies allow women to be assaulted which is not only unethical , but even if they did n't care it would hurt their reputation if it came to light . 
  nevermind the fact that there is no evidence for any of this , just some lady from utah quoting a stranger with a couple hundred followers . 
  or one of those countries that is n't in north america or europe . 
  the word carbage makes me laugh . 
  that subreddit makes me want to vomit though . 
  that would be interesting , i 'll join the group and ask but i 'll probably be banned . 
  im holding back tears ... ... ... . . this image is so powerful, 
  yeah it 's her city . 
  the username is the cherry on top . 
  i just did this with my 3t by turning it upside down , it was the weirdest thing . 
  anybody know why it does that ? 
  til phones have v-sync , tbh never really thought about it on phones . 
  i 'd say oneplus is a fair way off being able to produce screens over 60hz though . 
  putting the panels in the right way might help though . 
  when you google eyebrows actor he shows up . 
  something is wrong with this bot . 
  i use 3 programs for 90 % of my usage , i just have them + folder shortcut pinned to taskbar , i agree about the start menu thought , i find it pretty useless too . 
  when i see stuff like this it really shows how americentric some people 's thinking is . 
  i think most of these sites just spit out a high number to make you feel good so you share it . 
  when he did it i realised my patreon name was my full name , sounded weird af . 
  sounds like dead pixels , are you able to take it back ? 
  what are you using to play the music ? 
  have you tried using a different app ? 
  also are the songs gone from the phone or just the app ? 
  try searching in settings for auto-cleanup or something similar . 
  then it seems like it 's still on your phone , maybe try a different music app , or use a file explorer app to see if they 're on your phone and then when it asks what app you want to open with use the lg music player . 
   born and raised here, 
  you 're from new zealand too ? 
  i was just making a shitty joke lmao . 
  i 'd wager they do n't even know what it stands for . 
  if they do then they just do n't know where australia and new zealand are located . 
  wow how i wish to be american so i could travel overseas . 
  ** d e a d a s s **, 
  yeah people live in different countries too , including me . 
  13 reasons why ... montenegro is apart of the nato . 
  i 'm the exact same , i purchased it because i thought i 'd start using twitter , now i keep it for how convenient it is . 
  it even keeps previous tweets open in the app switcher which is great . 
  i use sync which has an option for using the built in youtube player . 
  miles easier . 
  that 's really interesting , thanks for linking . 
  videos with him get noticeably more dislikes too , not a worrying amount but still makes me sad . 
  if you 're not born there , you 're definitely an immigrant . 
  but he is saying if you were n't born in the us and your family was n't in the founding population you 're an immigrant . 
  if your ancestors were immigrants but your family has been in the country for hundreds of years you probably are n't an immigrant . 
  his traps were pretty solid before too . 
  i think the best thing about being short is it 's easier to see gains . 
  in other countries most people that play hockey play what you guys call field hockey . 
  ice hockey is mainly an american/canadian sport . 
  i know i 'm preaching to the choir here but these subreddits are the worst thing on this site . 
  i do n't see how the people who visit them all find them hypocritical . 
  thanks !, 
  it was free with the protein powder i get so it 's no monetary loss . 
  i 'll definitely go for straight creatine next time . 
  thanks , do n't wan na kill my gainz lol . 
  jeez i thought i missed his death for a second . 
  they 're being downvoted because it 's not caused by the `` industry '' for a lot of people , and the fact that he 's sort of saying `` it 's easy , just cut milk and dairy '' when for a lot of people it 's more than that is kind of insulting . 
  do n't get me wrong for a lot of people it is diet , but it 's insulting to blanket statement the cause for acne . 
  i honestly ca n't imagine that being reality . 
  i often make appointments to the doctor if i 'm sick or have a sore throat or have some weird pain and want a proper opinion . 
  what about forward , back and stop buttons ? 
  what do you use for them ? 
  could 've been worse , they could 've called you gin-ger binks . 
  on this sub ? 
  doubt it . 
  most people on this sub know dairy can have an impact on them because it is one of the pieces of advice given here all the time . 
  there 's more to acne than too much dairy , and it works for some people and it 's great it worked for this person but not everybody is so lucky . 
  they also move apart when i put my hand with toilet paper through . 
  and no shit does n't go all over my ass when i wipe standing up .
