  i think because tbpitu had time to mature and they threw away their first few episodes , whereas these were rushed out in time for tuesday . 
  i think they will get better with time . 
  yeah he said he was n't going to keep paying for that and another stream , so he kept the old podcasts and put the new ones on there as well . 
  it 's a lose lose situation . 
  i heard he said something along the lines of `` madoff yous a bitch . '', 
  that was too much , most of the tcheawn names i can still understand , and i always attempt to say the name out loud . 
  he deletes anything against him on facebook , the sights criticisms are deleted so his page is an echo chamber of people trying to see who can put maddox 's dick the farthest up their throat , all the while deleting people who do n't want to suck his dick , and then saying fuck you to the angry silenced people . 
  this subreddit is biased to dick , sure . 
  but it is nowhere near as bad as his facebook page , so good luck posting that there . 
  i got to the end where he said that this was n't a normal episode and he 'll argue both sides of the argument next time . 
  that 's a terrible start to a new podcast because the only episode has failed the format , and he just showed that he 's not in the middle of the argument , since he pretty strongly stated only his opinions . 
  are you using sunscreen ? 
  you really should regardless , and especially if you 're peeling and getting burnt . 
  was that episode 96 ? 
  for me at least , i feel saving a comment is more personal , and it seems weird saving a comment about girls looking at dicks . 
  people on reddit do both frequently . 
  where do i sign up ? 
  thanks , just re listened . 
  man that was a good episode, 
  what 's your routine ? 
  are you using sunscreen ? 
  all smith needed to do to land the hydra was put it in vtol mode , but instead he flew in circles and crashed . 
  oh ... is there one for picking up chicks ? 
  how often are the blood noses ? 
  hey i saw a few people pushing you !, 
  i was on my way to the port exit and saw a few people pushing a car . 
  not for me , i 'm on ff with no adblock and i do n't have anything . 
  they 're meant to be there , and will fill up again within a couple days . 
  they 're called [ sebaceous filaments ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/sebaceous_filament ) , and they 're meant to be there . 
  what dose were you on ? 
  holy shit it 's getting worse the more it 's off too . 
  i think i 'll leave reddit when it comes back on . 
  looks like fetal alcohol syndrome . 
  pretty similar in new zealand , and i 'm pretty sure australia too . 
   i 'm not sure if huawei 's other phones are as good, 
  why say they 're bad then ? 
  if you do n't know why leave the original comment . 
  this is insanely confusing . 
  so no transparent status/navigation bar ? 
  it better happen ... 
  i thought it was in the guidelines , is n't that how the photos app is ? 
  either way , oh well . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  aw :( i love the transparent bars . 
  ah well thanks for helping . 
  i 'm on 400 at 5.5 '' stock 480 was bad enough . 
  can you screenshot ? 
  or are you back to the circlejerk ? 
  sorry for my ignorance , is gears of war really competitive ? 
  [ this pc plays gta pretty well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?annotation_id=annotation_334348047&amp;feature=iv&amp;src_vid=aap7yhyasqs&amp;v=balr4vbshos ) , it costs $ 300 , plays on normal settings @ 60fps . 
  you can look up countless videos of $ 300 builds performing well . 
  happy cakeday !, 
  yeah forreal though , / r/games is a lot better than / r/gaming . 
  i do n't live in america either , fair enough for you . 
  i spent a fair amount on my pc , but i could 've spent the equivalent of an xbox and got decent performance ( $ 500 ) . 
  whatever works i guess , but you absolutely do n't have to spend lots on a pc . 
  i think it 's been explained a lot here , it would ruin the sub . 
  the point is n't really to just spit out dumb nonsensical words , and it would n't fit . 
  i ca n't link because i 'm on mobile , but i 'm pretty sure if you search there will be 100s of posts explaining why . 
  / r/subredditsimulator would be effected since it 's filled with bots that generally make some sort of sense . 
  / r/subredditsimulator _ ss is n't ruined because it is just the subredditsimulator bot , so it 's that 's the point of that subreddit , to have low quality posts . 
  it 's the same reason they usually do n't add other bots that do n't make sense . 
  i realise there are some but those are more recent , and they used to be more against those subs having bots . 
  you only need to know meirl and 2meirl4meirl . 
  and maybe absolutelynotme_irl , i 'm not sure where people stand on that because there are n't ` ironic ' depressing memes on there . 
  looks like op3 is on the cards . 
  has everything i 'm looking for . 
  which is why we ca n't post on the bot subreddit . 
  i did n't mention the human sub , i meant the two bot subs . 
  just do n't count on them for support , it really sucks . 
  but i 'd personally rather save some money and risk paying to replace parts . 
  some people do n't and that 's fine . 
  heh , twas tough times . 
  i 'm still going to get another one after that . 
  i 'll let it slide ( sort of ) because it was their first phone , and this looks fucking amazing . 
  opx ? 
  i hate snapchat but i ca n't stop using it . 
  why :(, 
  ooh i have asb and root cloak , how do i check if it works ? 
  wait i have a opo it wo n't work will it ? 
  edit : it does n't work with root cloak enabled , but i 'm not sure if that 's because of the root or my manufacturer . 
  either way really annoying . 
  he had an ssd , use that or get a hard drive instead and you 're fine . 
  most games work with linux , if you do n't want linux fair enough it 's more . 
  also it 's so cheap because he just had an apu rather than cpu + gpu . 
  plus you 're gon na save money in the long run if you play online by not purchasing xbl and cheaper games . 
  anyway i sound like one of those pcmr elitists , i do n't care what you play on , but you can definitely get a decent pc for cheap . 
  giving up on root ? 
  you can root marshmallow . 
  i would n't have upgraded if i could n't . 
  i hope not . 
  what if he lives outside us where it 's completely useless anyway . 
  yeah , but there 's no android pay outside of us , so for the majority of people ( maybe not on this sub ) , nfc for android pay is useless , making what / u/drphildobaggins useless . 
  does n't samsung 's alpha series use 1080p ? 
  they 're a huge seller . 
  hey there are other kiwis !, 
  yeah i 'm with you on that , not much of a dessert . 
  i think facebook messenger is the worst app , i would never install it again , but messenger is pretty great , is n't too big and had lots of features . 
  could be a d where the d is the head of the dick . 
  wow , they looked pretty good , albeit way to saturated .
