  major hangs . 
  if i use it i use it for one function then leave it, 
  i do ... 
  call me kurt cobain in 1994 because my mind is blown . 
  it 's a nice car . 
  2nd this . 
  i 'm lost . 
  i have a few times . 
  the first time i flashed it it did the updating apps thing and went to boot , the other 2 times it just went into boot and did nothing from there , except repeat the animation . 
  i know they say it can take a while the first time , but i left it for about 10 minutes and i do n't trust my phone being that hot for that long . 
  do n't they cheap out on things like psu/hdd/mobo ? 
  perfect !, 
  thanks so much !, 
  is that alienware then ? 
  i get confused with the circlejerk sometimes . 
  does mr skeltal no how to computr . 
  mayb needs to ask for halp oh man pls to help mr skeltal im spookied, 
  and steam . 
  damn steam needs it bad . 
  they 're still in gingerbread . 
  proof ? 
  not an s5 owner , but lollipop has also boosted my battery life . 
  at 50 % brightness i get about 8-9 hours sot browsing the internet . 
  opo gets 8 hours , i 'm not sure if it 's what cm is doing , or lollipop , but on kk i was barely getting 5 hours sot , so i wanted to try to see if it would improve , and thankfully it did . 
  yeah i thought i was unlucky with kitkat , lollipop has made everything better with my phone . 
  to expand , you long hold , tap edit , and then options come up to change icon . 
  they would never do that , because there was a lot of research and development , and the fact that its the only one of its kind means they can charge more without much impact . 
  i 'd say it 'd run for about 800usd for flagship spec . 
  what case is that ? 
  how easily accessible are the buttons ? 
  who does that though ? 
  is it ice cold ? 
  or new zealand, 
  or nz . 
  we can only dream . 
  he 's new , should we give him a break ? 
  csgo rank ? 
  that 's so raven ? 
  i 've heard of doing that with blaze rods , that might actually be easier as well . 
  that 's what i was looking for , thanks !, 
  hamilton ? 
  nice, 
  i got ta say , this phone was pretty easy to get . 
  i do n't get all the complaining . 
  you can even get them off of ebay for 50 bucks more than you would from oneplus . 
  do you live on north shore ? 
  that 's a huge rip off though . 
  last time i used them for pc leds it cost me 15 dollars . 
  showering with socks and shoes sounds horrible . 
  there 's 10 's of us !, 
  do they ship to nz ? 
  settings  security  lock screen shortcuts, 
  guarantee we have mutual friends . 
  school ? 
  you sound like a child yourself dude . 
  plus if your pc is loud , turn fan rpm down manually , get quieter fans , or go liquid . 
  what kind of dirt track racing ? 
  what is love ? 
  but then in 5 years , pc will be held back by the current generation , and when the next generation of consoles come in they will be held back by the current gen. 
  the 7 or whatever year cycle is way too long for technology . 
  yeah i know and only now are people complaining that the old consoles are holding games back . 
  dat huawei watch though . 
  ugh so nice . 
  soon ... 
  you do n't play cs : go then ? 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  if its a 28 day month , march has the dates on the same days , so friday 13th twice in a row . 
  i thought you liked surprises ? 
  probably australian . 
  now that 's a dank meme i have n't seen in a while, 
  yup , do n't know anybody that watches that piece of shit show . 
  x is 10 in roman numerals , nin10do confirmed . 
  i 'd give it to people just for a laugh like i 'm sure many other people would do . 
  ohno raptors pls no try again, 
  boop toot pls to not tri pls no, 
  [ ohno raptors atak pls hellp we are raptorz watch filmisgoodplease ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/6/66/raptor_2001_dvd.jpg ), 
  meh , nz was about 150 cheaper for 64gb and it 's fine . 
  again nz  australia eh ? 
  sips could you pls go through all of the fallouts in order ( not including tactics ) . 
  like 1,2,3 , nv . 
  that would be fantastic , but that might take a while and could get boring . 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  what 's the vertical light above the galaxy ? 
  it looks like another galaxy further away ? 
  communism is the very definition of failure !, 
  hey baby i do n't mind whether i go in the front or the back . 
  if you 're on that much of a budget do n't get it , its more of a sidestep than an upgrade . 
  g3 will drop when g4 comes , but if you do n't want it do n't get it . 
  huh , south or north ? 
  ( or east or west ? 
  i mean of auckland , i live in auckland . 
  much light pollution ? 
  are you the helicopter guy ? 
  fuck man you are living the fucking dream . 
  keep on keeping on . 
  damn, 
  you do n't ? 
  yeah i often use a 6x6 grid with just a swipe accross , people think they 'll never get it when they see the grid , but it 's pretty easy . 
  you can get it to go away if you really want , also the ugly shortcut icons . 
  but of course it still does not match the linux master race,
