  i 'm not sure how they 'd feel about tire marks all over the pavement ... 
  he put some candy on his friend , it 's not relevant to what he was saying . 
  wow that 's a great website , thanks !, 
  some games are really cheap compared to before . 
  / r/newzanada would like to welcome you over and apologise for any inconvenience . 
  key to failure : be australian . 
  i 'm pretty sure siri uses everything but google ... 
  [ i know your feeling ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kzj4e45.jpg ) . 
  we also have close cake days !, 
  life is crazy . 
  if it 's a replay , it 's 16-tick , so it could look off while being on point . 
  i 'm now convinced . 
  bush did 9/11 . 
  so not too long then ? 
  not in nz yo . 
  it 's almost over . 
  what about my device ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's what it 's like on android as well . 
  no , but this is reddit , made to * look * like android , not to function like it . 
  thank you based volvo . 
  all has been forgiven . 
  fov sliders ? 
  yup , so excited for soo long , hear the shows it has here , go back to pirating . 
  link ? 
  also , it has the same power as the 2011 macbook air . 
  that 's what the macbook guy was alluding to though . 
  okay thank you , i was so pissed off for a second . 
  most motorcyclists ? 
  source ? 
  you basically only hear the accidents on motorcycles , so you would n't know if it was most of them . 
  if you are n't an idiot on a motorbike , chances are you 'll be fine . 
  same goes for all modes of transport though . 
  new zealand . 
  no thanks , we do n't want them . 
  yes !, 
  one of us ... one of us ... 
  it 's kind of cringey to say cringe is n't it ? 
  this worked , thanks !, 
  if you knew that 's what it displayed , would you do it that often ? 
  how do i change the dpi ? 
  thanks !, 
  yep somebody posted one . 
  i just keep it online , but turn off the notification . 
  i do n't mind it on but that damn notification gets on my nerves . 
  i like my notifications empty , so satisfying . 
  that 's strange how it 's like that , mine 's fine . 
  although the app is really dark and not the best to look at . 
  i 'm looking these up , and the fitbit app * looks * alright , looks like it follows the material guidelines etc , what 's wrong with it ? 
  so they just send the mods nudes ? 
  its a harley , nobody who frequents / r/motorcycles likes harleys . 
  source : frequent / r/motorcycles, 
  why do you have an nz flag on ? 
  oh right haha , it was lateish . 
  what about say a car goes end over end or something , its implied it makes a full rotation , so i always thought that head over heels was the same thing . 
  you still here ? 
  yo that 's a lockscreen . 
  [ i 'm not sure about the wallpaper but i ca n't find another one ... ] ( http://imgur.com/szkbvcw ), 
  not quite the same , but thanks anyway , 
  also here maps on android . 
  here maps is also on android . 
  here maps is on android ... 
  auto login i 'm guessing . 
  plus if anybody he knew tried to look at his account on his screen , they 'd never remember it . 
  it 's perfect . 
  thanks , it sucks that its gone :(, 
  what the fuck is this thread . 
  thanks for the reply i guess i 'll just wait for an update or 12.1 nightlies . 
  nope , did n't work :(, 
  yeah , but when i click on it it goes to this page , and there is no option , and it 's at the top of the page . 
  as you can see i can still change the backlight intensity and time , and when i do that the hardware buttons work once , and then go back to disabled . 
  i 'm not sure what to make of it . 
  it was an exposed module , but i 'm not sure what one . 
  i turned off some ones i suspected and the option came back , i just got ta see what one ... 
  can you do a video or something ? 
  or link to a video ? 
  i do n't care if it 's 144p i need it . 
  i got one without cm logo , if it does n't have it it 's not the international version . 
  i have the problem even without the cm logo . 
  it started in 11s , went on to 12 , and continued on in 12s , it 's most definitely a hardware problem . 
  i 'm also running xposed , but stock kernel . 
  also i think you need to get cooling if you live in a place where it 's 30c + most days indoor , and 40c outside . 
  august and can confirm . 
  2012 may as well be bricked , mine is so damn laggy . 
  would cm fix that ? 
  perfect !, 
  thanks , i 'll try tomorrow . 
  highlight `` womans butthole '' on / u/testreker 's comment , search google for it . 
  thank you !, 
  nah , still on 5.0.2 . 
  i 'll try cm , does yours take long opening apps ? 
  in the middle of the outback , i 'd say gold would be more common than washers , randomly in the middle . 
  it 's 4/20 right now for me . 
  i read about that , to clarify , that wo n't wipe it will it ? 
  i did it , restarted the phone , and then went to re flash 12.1 , and it did the same thing again . 
  uhhhhhhhhh alright thanks aha , i was mistaken in thinking i could . 
  thanks for the help , i guess i 'll have to wipe it . 
  i did n't catch the pun , but it 's really good , to make it more obvious , without pointing it out , you could somehow link the watch to the text watch , and tower to text tower , although that seems like it could clash now i think about it . 
  i reset the phone and it 's working now . 
  i used the cyanogenmod gapps , which was a mistake since i thought i would n't need much more than the play store . 
  it 's kind of big news though , it 's what everybody who does n't have one has been complaining about .
