  nice , even the opo here was 650 at pb ... 
  / r/equalattraction is good for getting a gauge with other people . 
  if you 're meaning you could use tinder , that 's self opinions , and if another person thinks they are of equal attraction to you , its not the same as another person telling you who you would match with . 
  there 's a huge bias . 
  no work money , but they also sit on the internet all day , giving her ad revenue . 
  real men love scurvy girls . 
  not that it 100 % validates it , but [ there 's a post on reddit saying its from the 1950s ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/thewaywewere/comments/2aci01/beach_date_1950s_style/?sort=top ) . 
  i 'd say its because of fashion trends coming around . 
  dont count on it , nothing makes it here :(, 
  seriously . 
  every time somebody posts fucking minions this comes up . 
  if i hate minions why would i want to go to a sub filled with them . 
  so ... not the same thing ? 
  / r/humblebrag might be better . 
  / r / ~ ~ raisedby ~ ~ narcissists, 
  i never realized how few people played racing games on pc . 
  it 's like this with a lot of games , i wonder why . 
  true , but i would n't use those games as an example for rewarding haha . 
  does it have support for changing comment order yet ? 
  like changing it from best to top , because it 's on my phone , i just have n't been using it because of that one thing , otherwise , great app . 
  well , one quote is `` we have a ufo pacing our position . '', 
  i stopped reading at that point , but the fact is that that does n't mean there 's aliens , it means there 's an unidentified flying object near . 
   it could literally mean anything, 
  that 's my point . 
  this quote is meaningless , and does n't prove anything about aliens , and it was barely the beginning , so i can almost guarantee the rest of them will be absolute bullshit . 
  * edit : i read through a few more , and it further proves the point . 
  opinions that people have because of the likelihood of life elsewhere , somebody saying that we have every technology we can imagine , which not only sounds like garbage , but even if it were true , how does that at all prove aliens exist ? 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  if the wording is wrong , its probably to make it easier to understand , but as far as i can tell , that quote is true . 
  he 's said some wrong things , sure , but not everything he 's said is wrong , just like not everything these guys have said is right . 
  a bunch are people saying they believe that they have visited , and how people can look at these comments and be convinced that aliens have come here is beyond me . 
  i think they exist , i typed the wrong thing , i just dont think they 've visited, 
  do you have a link to that post ? 
  thanks . 
  i 'm surprised it has so many upvotes . 
  the mentality of this driver doing a , yes , illegal move is more justified than blowing through a stop sign . 
  as said before , you see him peak , on a flat road with plenty of space ahead , and he begins to pass . 
  there was no major danger , apart from that car that pulled out in front of him . 
  it was illegal , sure , but nowhere near on the level of almost dying . 
  plus , you 're generalising all motorcyclists . 
  nobody ever posts videos or gifs of motorcyclists following the law on reddit , because it 's boring , but you can look up plenty of people on youtube who do follow the law , doitwithdan , chaseontwowheels , most motovloggers . 
  if you generalised the way you do with asshole car drivers you see on / r/dashcamgifs or something , you 'd be complaining about car drivers thinking rules of the road do n't apply to them . 
  no , i 'm in a thread where non-riders are justifying a driver hitting a motorbike off the road , because of a traffic violation , and riders are saying that what he did was nowhere near as bad as almost being killed . 
  plus , you disregarded everything i said , and just downvoted it . 
  what do i bind it to ? 
  i 'm using hardware buttons , but cm only allows presses to bind to a default list of commands , like last app , google now etc. 
  and navigation ring targets on software buttons only allow apps + that list , no shortcuts . 
  what else can i bind it to ? 
  i 'd prefer not to use pie controls , but if that 's the only way , i guess i can put up with it . 
  yeah , not even apps on hardware buttons . 
  i used gravitybox on kitkat and it was fine , so hopefully it still works , thanks !, 
  but he can do it as he drinks them , rather than buying it solely for the purpose of chainmail . 
  and / r/thewaywewere, 
  he said first `` plug and play '' one . 
  not revolutionary , but he never claimed it was . 
  approximately ... 
  my one does n't have an arrow , and its not on the correct side . 
  its a mercedes so i guess it is the damn germans . 
  why do they do a 6 star rating ? 
  hahaha that actually sounds really smart . 
  your cousin sat next to you ? 
  and snapchat can be set to the open as camera . 
  really ? 
  i have n't tried it but i 've seen it comes up as an option . 
  can you not set different shortcuts to different intents ? 
  for example camera from homescreen to one camera , and like a nova shortcut to another . 
  stop giving them ideas ... 
  is that a p plate mate ? 
  and a doctor , doc weathers possibly ? 
  i 'm betting he likes a nice prius , or a futuristic looking * smart car * . 
  i 'm still on 9.16.2.0 , which i think is over a few weeks old . 
  did they really ? 
  is there a video of somebody showing that ? 
  they are, 
  and 32gb . 
  its a shame that its so slow . 
  mine was heat related , had the exact same problem . 
  the fix is a firmware ( ? ), 
  fix i believe , and it runs perfect now . 
  relative to the whole scale though , it is quite suddenly . 
  it looks like her legs are offset from the rest of her body , as if somebody edited them slightly to the left of where they should be . 
  i just got kicked from a mm aus game , everything else is working fine , i just got kicked . 
  it 'll go to 2 hours . 
  additionally , if there is any class at any given time , within the same university , that has the same number of people , the class that arrived at that number after the first , must add what number class they are , hence the black bars at the end . 
  if the first one changes , they again have to change to reflect that . 
  she 's part of the lgbtq community , and does n't like the lgbq part of it . 
  probably like one of those / r/niceguys . 
  if he 's in america , sure . 
  yep , and since the community fully recognises her as a woman , they see her as a hypocrite . 
  it limits the amount of people who can buy the phone , so they do n't sell too many , and then ca n't manufacture what they promised . 
  i 'm not praising them for it , and i 'm glad i did n't have to go through it . 
  it probably did help with the marketing , yes , but there 's more to it than pure marketing . 
  what ?? 
  twat and knot does n't rhyme here . 
  who says twot ? 
  where are you from in nz ? 
  i 'm from auckland . 
  under 20 . 
  probably a difference between north/south . 
  glitch , she says the same thing,
