  do you know if they 're pentile ? 
  also , is n't there rumours of the iphone 7 being 1080p amoled ? 
  ah , thanks . 
  for me , google keyboard has a super strong vibration , but nothing else in the phone that uses it can match it . 
  i was just going to suggest pbtech , that 's where i got my opo from . 
  how about aliexpress ? 
  where about 's in nz are you ? 
  [ you 'll like this then . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/newzealand/comments/2nem47/can_you_have_a_garden_in_new_zealand/ ), 
  just some of them not to be taken seriously ? 
  all of them should be taken seriously . 
  this is n't to be taken lightly . 
  why the fuck is he in full motorcross gear ? 
  yeah it the previous title was better . 
  she wo n't be able to step foot in here with them , since the crisis started they 've been extra vigilant for avocados . 
  that 's how my autistic brother / u/warlizard got big on reddit with his gaming forums . 
  i would n't say it 's pointless . 
  because if it had peddles that would n't be him irl . 
  damn . 
  upload to liveleak ? 
  i thought they were both on par , as long as there is somebody to wind up maddox i think it 'll be good . 
  why do n't you just not listen to it ? 
  some people will enjoy it , some wo n't . 
  same as in new zealand . 
  nearly 10 hours ? 
  holy shit . 
  i thought they removed it for one of them ? 
  or obscured it ? 
  not only is it a battery hog , for me nothing loaded so all it did was waste battery on nothing . 
  what are some good battery saving kernels ? 
  i have n't played with kernels but i 'd like to try a new one . 
  why would it drain more ? 
  genuinely curious . 
  plus you 're using it , which uses a lot more battery than not using it . 
  oh i see , thanks . 
  apps that draw over other apps can cause annoying problems when installing apks . 
  would you consider releasing or doing an episode in your podcast where you go through all of your problems and/or solutions you had ? 
  you could do a quick fire rounds with a guest and see their thoughts or something . 
  oh haha i see , what about the solutions ? 
  i hope he just teases pornsavers more . 
  on the other end , mitre 10 is a wasteland , and trying to find somebody to ask is a huge mission . 
  not recently , in the past month or so i found it has gone down a massive hill . 
  yeah , really feeling symmer reddit this year . 
  i 'm in auckland , is it safe to attend meetups or not ? 
  / r/meirl is funny relatable memes , / r/2meirl4meirl is depressing memes , / r/me _ irl is shit memes and / r/toomeirlformeirl is meant to be the best of / r/me _ irl memes . 
  yep , me too on opo . 
  i have those blocked , they 're usually pretty bad not in summer , so when summer comes around they 're the worst . 
  i laughed because it 's shit , same as i laugh because / r/youdontsurf is shit , but those are self aware , ops is not . 
  for some , but some people might take it seriously , which i guess is what satire is . 
  / r/absolutelynotme _ irl, 
  i fucking love these posts . 
  why ... 
  but you could probably get a shitload more lower out of a supercharged 27l v12 nowadays , its really only a lot because of the displacement . 
  there 's no replacement for displacement in this case . 
  brave . 
  my oneplus one is rank 961 and it was the first phone i rooted . 
  must be a huge difference in those 300 phones . 
  also , the oneplus one was 1336 on 5.1.1 , and it was pretty easy , i 'm not sure how they measure it . 
  this subreddit may help , possible trigger warning ( they 're marked posts ) https://m.reddit.com/r/compulsiveskinpicking . 
  have you tried no moisturiser ? 
  just go without one morning and see if it makes a difference , if not just put it on . 
  yeah this one not as good , but the `` ca n't wait to dig my fork into these '' type posts are hilarious . 
  well if it is satire it works , since it is exposing people 's stupidity . 
  did she have tab in the multitask menu rather that in chrome ? 
  what ? 
  he talks about dick ? 
  i was hoping maddox would 've grown up a little bit by talking about things , apparently not . 
  what about the same phones ? 
  fair enough . 
  he also put [ this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/terbwky.jpg ) in the comments . 
  the traffic from reddit would most likely far outweigh the people who go there to look at pictures !, 
  and if not it would still be a massive percentage . 
  reddit has a lot more users and reddit implementing this new image hosting means imgur is going to really take a hit . 
  a lot of people are linked to the image pages from reddit , and click on the link where they get an ad . 
  the amount of people doing that would be enormous . 
  how would they no longer benefit ? 
  they would be making huge amounts from reddits traffic . 
  you may think the majority of reddit users use image zoom , or res , but that 's most likely not true , and even if it is , a small percentage of reddit is still a large percentage of imgur . 
  there 's 10 + million people signed up to reddit , and more who do n't have accounts . 
  just because you do n't see imgurs website does n't mean nobody does . 
  what movie ? 
  taylor needs to lighten up . 
  he 's dead now, 
  hot for a snek, 
  because we do n't follow the rules , we do what we want . 
  how do you know ? 
  the score is n't visible . 
  yeah i care more about their long time friendship ending than i do about the podcast . 
  yes . 
  they 're still here , but it turned them into a pretentious fuckwit , that 's why i 'm never going to subject my kids to that . 
  op you are a class shitposter . 
  teach me, 
  do you know the episode ? 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm not going at you here , i 'm going at the rule , but why the fuck does satire have to be tagged . 
  the whole fucking point of satire is to get stupid people to believe it . 
  if stupid people believe it on reddit , hey , let them be stupid . 
  or just normal pi , it 's in there somewhere, 
  _] i 'm saving this for when you do go crazy ... now we wait . 
   two mods had my back,
