  there 's a subreddit for that ? 
  thanks !, 
  ... x is a factory overclocked version of the original card , you can save money by getting for example a 280 and ocing it yourself , but if you ca n't be bothered you could go with the x model like i did . 
  i would recommend a 280x to anybody , destroys nearly everything , but a 290x is also unbeatable for the price , heading towards 780 levels for a lot cheaper . 
  build looks good , although you could get a 550w or 600w psu to save on money , not necessary though . 
  another aucklander ? 
  how many of us are there ? 
  anyway , anybody play cs go in auckland ? 
  sweet !, 
  what 's your username ? 
  who 's down voting all the comments ? 
  can somebody link me to the triple a batteries , that was fuckin gold . 
  they are n't less safe , and i do n't think they run much hotter , but my 280x ( dual-x ) runs at stock speeds at like 60-70c when gaming ( which to my knowledge is reasonably low ) . 
  if you want performance to dollar , i 'd say the 280/x is in your price range and is a beast of a card . 
  most come with a warranty , and the factory oc is not extreme , so it is very safe . 
  you can oc a gpu on the desktop instead of bios , so anybody can oc a gpu , so if you went with 280 , you could look up the speed for the ` x ' version from your card maker and oc it to that . 
  what resolution are you running at ? 
  psu is not so much overkill , but it is definitely on the safe side . 
  although nvidia cards generally use less power , linus once ran a gtx titan off of 550 watt , so you could go 600 watt and still be safe , again , not necessary . 
  i really do n't think i could to be honest , [ i checked to see how it would look ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/h_zeohm1v94/maxresdefault.jpg ) , and think i 'd rather hold out than get a different sized monitor . 
  i 've heard a lot about this , but i 'm really not sure if i could have different sized same res monitors . 
  there 's [ this one ] ( http://www.asus.com/monitors_projectors/vg236h/ ) , but i do n't know about it being 4 years old . 
  i wa n't to try something different , but want to keep the old one for a second monitor , and want it to be close to matching . 
  thanks , i think i 'll go with it . 
  it is n't really , but this is a sub about her , so it is relevant . 
  but the reason * is * because of the consoles , the game was designed for the consoles , it is a fine looking game ( not the greatest ) , but still fine . 
  they then did a terrible pc port , and we can tell this because on paper the pc blows the new consoles out of the water , and we have seen this in many games , but high end pcs still get a choppy framerate . 
  i would say watchdogs looks a lot better than gta5 , i ca n't stand to look at that game . 
  that 's what people do n't get , technology is growing faster every year , and consoles grow faster every 10 years , so they 'll set a plan for consoles , and it 'll come out 2 years later with those similar specs , so the hardware is already old , and then they 'll stick for another 10 years while pcs advance . 
  ms and sony need to follow what nintendo is doing , and not try to be a pc . 
  and man am i loving my re-badge . 
  it 'll take anything i throw at it . 
  it came out 2 ( ? ), 
  years ago now , maybe 3 . 
  was top of the line , and is still well above average . 
  or a 280x , or a 7970 . 
  i 'm comparing ps4 here , as it is regarded as having more power than the xbox one . 
  first of all , 660 has a smaller die size , being 221mm ^ 2 compared to the ps4s 328mm ^ 2 , meaning lowering power consumption as voltage across resistors is reduced , and increases speed as the channel is shorter . 
  it also means it will produce less heat , as that comes with less voltage . 
  core clock on the 660 is already at 980 mhz compared to the 800 mhz of the ps4 , also the 660 can boost up to 1080 , which it will do . 
  there is then the floating point performance , the 660 coming in marginally better at 1.88 tflops ( still better ) , compared to the ps4s 1.84 . 
  then there is things like 8gb of ram being shared , compared to the average 8gb of onboard according to steam , and the added 2gb gddr5 by the gpu , so they do n't have to share , and 8 slow cores at 1.6 gh , compared to 4 fast cores on pc , etc. 
  this is a two year old card , and it says 21 % of people have the 660 and * above * , i for example have a 280x , which definitely is a lot more powerful in all aspects to both the 660 and ps4 . 
  i understand what `` on paper '' means . 
  yet a 280x will still fail to run watchdogs properly for multiple reasons , 1 : being the game heavily ` optimised ' for nvidia cards , and 2 : a terrible port . 
  sure pc is n't 100 % perfect , but one thing you ca n't do is say a ps4 matches the 660 . 
  [ more info on this video . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyg-7t2lvdc&amp;list=uuxuqsblhae6xw-yeja0tunw ) . 
  nothing , i 'm mixing it up a bit instead of posting the same pictures of photoshoots of her . 
  i think some games on ps4 are 1080p & 60fps . 
  i did this and won . 
  my parents are n't anywhere near me , but i still won . 
  this is the best one . 
  so simple . 
  i just want to get off facebook fuckface . 
  oh right . 
  consoles r bad hurhur 24fps 792p . 
  well i know one kitty who 's sleeping with mommy tonight . 
  i only just realized that now as well . 
  i thought it was because they were sneaky or something . 
  there should be , in video settings on all gpus including intel hd graphics , look for a `` customize aspect ratio '' . 
  it keeps max resolution without having the cutting . 
  and my 280x has n't caused any bsods , and performs similar to a 770 for a lot cheaper . 
  if you 're a fan boy , do n't influence other peoples decisions based on your opinions . 
  we try to be unbiased here . 
  i use my onboard graphics to use a secondary vga monitor , as my gpu does n't have vga , and i only use it for monitoring . 
  i think ` water cooling ' throws most people off . 
  hell , luke 's ( slick ) pc was submerged in oil and it ran in that . 
  that 's pretty amazing . 
  oohhh gaben has blessed you . 
  i only have 3gb of vram . 
  max_fps 0 . 
  not sure about tf2 , but all other source games works so it should . 
  mac pro would run games decently , even though its a workstation . 
  you did n't * really * need to upgrade , nice though . 
  my 280x would like a word . 
  seriously ? 
  if it 's a closer to the cinematic feel of 24fps , then yes it 's winning . 
  shit op is that a celeron in that pc ? 
  and vista ? 
  time for an upgrade ? 
  you lucky bitch . 
  yeah i realize that , i dont have any games that would either . 
  does cs source run on mac ? 
  if so that would be the only game that could , which runs on a macbook pro anyway . 
  cs : go still does n't sadly . 
  ubuntu is installed and ready for that day . 
  12 hours `` op pls deliver '', 
  i 've had my 23 '' ips aoc monitor for about two years now , and i 'm loving every minute of it . 
  it has n't failed me , and has great functionality and features . 
  sure it 's not the best monitor in the world , but decent for the price . 
  please do n't be biased , just because you use a different brand . 
  off topic , but what do you do with 24gb of ram ? 
  that 's because you are n't meant to spam with the p2k , you 're meant to tap shoot . 
  i like bashing my keys . 
  sure it may take a split second longer , but i like the feel of the key , and the sound of the key , and i really hate short travel distances . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen posts with this on it . 
  how much for ramdrive ? 
  that 's not breaking the ice then is it . 
   pc people can talk about their cool mods and keep all other discussions about the vanilla game ...
