  i 'm not sure this is how the song goes . 
  was it ever a compliment . 
  who does n't ? 
  come back with another account , we wo n't tell anybody . 
  she has some other nice videos aswell if you 're into that kind of thing . 
  relevant username . 
  ugh , i do n't have a mac but this sure does piss me off . 
  make one laptop charger , and put the same on every damn laptop . 
  along that line , console games . 
  razor or razer ? 
  if you really want water proof and dust proof , sony makes some pretty good phones . 
  well why use it on you , if you would already be interested . 
  why not somebody else so you can have 2 , or save one for later use . 
  why use it on yourself ? 
  it 's only smellz , it 's nothing only smellz . 
  because companies like gamestop try to force second hand games instead of new , so the developers and publishers do n't get any money , so they increase the price of the game . 
  also the fact that it 's disc does make it cost slightly more . 
  i think $ 60 for a game is a bit ridiculous . 
  i 've heard of them , and a couple of their songs , but they are n't too big in nz . 
  well , if youtube stays popular for some years to come , i would say somebody will overtake the views . 
  i see , makes sense that way . 
  yeah i realise that , but it pushes new game prices up . 
  i did n't have any problems , what are the common issues ? 
  ( apart from gfwl being stupid ), 
  oh yeah , but that 's just a line in startup . 
  why grow a pair ? 
  they were saying they wanted to play it on their gaming platform . 
  it 's fixed , thanks . 
  another problem if you could though , can you make it so if they get a text , the full message does n't show up on the screen , but instead says 1 unread message or something . 
  they never came ? 
  i 'd give you one , but they got them from a store , the store must have invites or something i 'm not sure . 
  i feel david cunliffe would be a peasant . 
  it 's actually 5:4 . 
  1440p is qhd or quad hd , and 2160 is ultra hd , or full hd , that 's because 1440p is 4 720p screens together , and 720p is `` hd '' . 
  basically , 1440p is to 720p , what 2160p is to 1080p . 
  there 's two sets of onscreen buttons , could they not just open the app themselves ? 
  you can never avoid it . 
  mac-10 and tec-9 are the only available weapons . 
  but a lot of people buy games and never play them , so it could throw the results a bit . 
  as i passed through nova , i found that most of them thought they knew everything , and thought they deserved to be leader above everybody just because they were n't silver , but honestly , i 'd say they play pretty similar to silver players . 
  most people above ak are generally nice as well . 
  rebind to mouse wheel , problem solved . 
  as well as certain people buying games knowing they will play that , and playing hundreds or thousands of hours , and not many people playing less , causing it to be a lot higher . 
  shorten total travel distance to bottom , and also stop sound from keys bottoming out fully , which is a lot of the noise ( i know you do n't have to but i love the full sound ) . 
  only if you 're in the beta , i 've had this for a week or so . 
  it 's repeated many times on / r/globaloffensive , if you buy the skins you want instead of trying to unbox them , you 'll save money while getting satisfaction . 
  it 's easier to trade up items anyway . 
  i use it now , but that 's because of the left click being closer to my thumb from the right side . 
  no , no logo . 
  just camera and small text at the bottom . 
  i saw this comment chain . 
  good work brother . 
  ldlc wallpaper please ? 
  goddamn , every time . 
  `` hey , i need cases for a huge opening , care to give me some ? '', 
  `` i 'm opening cases , and for every 3 i 'll give you one . '', 
  right down to, 
  `` hey man give me cases please . '', 
  dude , get your own damn cases . 
  what region ? 
  i 'm doing the same and having trouble getting out of mg . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8 no h8 . 
  prophets logan , linus , and now luke aswell . 
  how is the wiiu , and how does black ops 2 look on it ? 
  region / how much csgo do you play ? 
  better than intel hd 4000 though ? 
  because a lot of people still use that . 
  1 more for the chain . 
  let 's start a club . 
  specs/pics for your pc ? 
  yestds, 
  no , that 's not it , it may be more of a dululululululululaaaaaaaa , the first dululu part fast , then the laaa dragging out , i ca n't really explain it very well . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was pipeline bu the chantays , sounds like it . 
  thanks !, 
  #rekt ? 
  oh right . 
  it seems weird when somebody says my username , does it to you / u/daveh218 ? 
  they 're actually 5:4 , 4:3 is still kind of widescreen . 
  stds , long live the chain . 
  were they ? 
  if you look , most people have either 2 or 4 `` cpus '' , but i 'm pretty sure 91 % of steam users do n't have over 1 cpu . 
  a celebration for the cts win , how lovely . 
  no match for the best toe-to-nose toucher in the southern hemisphere . 
  thanks , i have illustro installed , but that 's a bit different , i actually found one , [ wp7 ] ( http://fediafedia.deviantart.com/art/wip-wp7-for-rainmeter-157672068 ) which has what i was looking for , thanks though  . 
  nice op , if i could i ' f like batman arkham city . 
  thanks !, 
  you 'd still have a negev on your back though , so you 'd run as fast with just a knife as you do with armour , 4 nades , negev , deag , defuse kit , and a zues ? 
  it 's gon na be hard to learn to quickscope again . 
  thx volvo . 
  if you mean me personally , ok . 
  if you mean people ca n't at all maybe not as well as source or 1.6 , but it 's still reasonably accurate , and the other day there was a situation where if i missed the quickscope , i probably would 've lost the round , so go figure . 
  there 's custom bots , which strafe near constantly . 
  custom server settings . 
  i had 20-30 % the other day . 
  valve give aus/nz some love pls . 
  this exact thing happened to me , i killed my teammate because he ran out in front of me , did 95 damage to the guy on the other team , and i died . 
  well shit , read that wrong . 
  it 's pretty close though ... right ? 
  damn . 
  [ good times man , good times .
