no thats another question , if i chose one what gpu would be good with it . 
  but if i had n't chosen a gpu , what would you suggest out of a8-5600k or fx-4100, 
  maybe 1000-1200 nz$, 
  * including a keyboard and monitor, 
  thanks , new zealand sucks for pc parts : price ratio, 
  http://nz.pcpartpicker.com/p/omvt . 
  bet me to it :p, 
  thanks , and i chose the slow hdd it because its cheap , idk , im on an extremely low budget , and new zealand does n't have much to offer , thats also whats stopping me with memory , new zealand is really expensive for what it has to offer , and im not out of school yet , so i do n't have much money . 
  turns out nz doesnt have the seasonic psu :(, 
  windows defender does an arguably good job at antivirus , it works for me , but avast !, 
  or mcafee do a good job , as well as avg . 
  if you 're going to overclock you might consider wanting thermal paste to keep cpu cool . 
  ca n't get it where i live :(, 
  norton although annoying as hell is pretty good at its job , also i 've seen some rootkit removal software around . 
  yeah i am on an extremely tight budget , the kind budget of a teenager that ca n't get a job . 
  but i am planning to upgrade later and put in the best ssd i can, 
  well tbh thats really the only reason i was holding on to it . 
  thanks , if i ever needed it i suppose i could just buy it later, 
  * i forgot to add wifi adapter, 
  oh right thanks , and it can :(, 
  nooooooooooooo dont seriously if something does dont . 
  its a permanent solution to a temporary problem . 
  its a bit hard when all youve said is she was your girlfriend ... 
  oh god . 
  had she used the excuse before, 
  so what you need to do first is delete system32 . 
  it speeds up your laptop heaps, 
  too soon ... 
  its a mental release , helps you forget about what has happened , it can be for anything that has made you feel depressed , angry , or anything along those lines . 
  context or clarification should be posted in the text box, 
  i am the ** exact ** same . 
  wow . 
  all the states/cities would be / r / and then the name , for example / r/newyork, 
  planetside 2 ( i know it been said ) or apb reloaded, 
  what 's this on ?? 
  this is what i hate about these magazines , its all this , they 're normal !, 
  its bullshit , of course they are . 
  do they feed off their fame or something ? 
  you sir have made my day, 
  that is very similar what i am going to do , i think valuewise its good, 
  one-one was a racehorse , two-two was one too , one-one won one race , and two-two won one too . 
  go to [ / r/hackintosh ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/hackintosh ) to get mac os x on your pc, 
  i want this . 
  fractal cases are sooo nice, 
  not on pcpartpicker , but i have found some others online in nz that i can get . 
  and thats also one of the cheapest psu 's that are decent, 
  wow , take a joke, 
  there was a slower one posted the other day, 
  but things are still being invented ... ? 
  subtle ... 
  whats this got to do with anything ? 
  thats better, 
  what is with you posting this everywhere goddamnit, 
  thats the best way , and hug together to keep cool, 
  jew should google it, 
  for me , on a girl , a pixie cut , a cute one though, 
  it took me awhile to see her hair , but i see it now, 
  get stuck in a fan, 
  not sure if trolling ... 
  okay , ask me a question ? 
  this was asked the other day . 
  * not a tongue twister *, 
  i told a ` your mom ' joke to a person whose mom had died in the last year, 
  reddit loves silly funny things that do n't always make sense . 
  too late for you , go to bed, 
  i listened to some of their music , its good , 
  literally nothing, 
  yes the second one holy crap, 
  shit dude , thats deep, 
  isnt there that website set up by the piratebay for upcoming/indie artists . 
  that or youtube, 
  * edited for spelling *, 
  faggot , used in sentences such as * op is a faggot *, 
  nooooooooooooppeeeee, 
  sorry , i had to :3, 
  hey , are you a parking ticket , ` cus you 've got * fine * written all over you, 
  its when the views start getting serious , it is the number chosen from when views just become seeing like a second of the video , to seeing the whole thing, 
  this is confirmed by a youtube employee, 
  goku , he 's awesome, 
  oh god yes, 
  i use both on my laptop , but i absolutely hate trackpads , they never work for me :(, 
  had no friends , i dunno , usually people who are sluts do not connect as much with family . 
  i would want to be close i suppose . 
  the whole thing could probably be captured by photo actually, 
  * looks at picture * `` wait , is that a guy ? '', 
  wow , hello again - . -, 
  most i 've won is $ 2, 
  auckland , new zealand . 
  nothing, 
  i hear about these things heaps . 
  best so far , 
  i know i should n't be playing video games , but they are very addictive , and balancing time between that and work is difficult, 
  why, 
  right, 
  flying car . 
  pls, 
  the only answer is pizza, 
  did you sell the coal ? 
  how far into the future ? 
  to see peoples reactions , and for the lulz,
