would n't watery beer help with the hangover ? 
  despite popular belief ferreira in portugal is actually toponymic based off a river . 
  they watermelons as decoration, 
  i quit, 
  i eat dutch jelly at breakfast, 
  portuguese , it sounds the same but it 's with a u. geese are ducks . 
  you 're not even from a real place . 
  portuguese !, 
  mean norwegan, 
  you welca, 
  did everyone just collectively forget how to spell `` portuguese '' . 
  stop making fun of me , it 's not funny . 
  portuguese *, 
  portuguese *, 
  im so glad we do n't have to deal with this . 
  i 'm not supporting bullfighting in any way whatsoever but i would just like to point out that those bulls live lives better than people in some parts of the world . 
  thats not how it works, 
  you only have to show your id for intra eu flights ( not schegen , eu ), 
  is that little laptop feeding both monitor ? 
  that chair looks really comfortable , is it ? 
  beware he means espressos . 
  and 50 cents is rather hard to find unless its a machine , 60 is more standard . 
  seems about right . 
  slaves also get loads of experience, 
   2 ) that 's not the case . 
  internships are n't a guarantee . 
  you have to search for them and get them , if there 's work to be done it should n't be done for free . 
  portugal , whole country 's totally safe despite what anyone might say . 
  literally like 30 % of the country migrates to algarve every summer . 
  and 5 % already lives there . 
  that 's nice beef . 
  i did n't get a chance this year . 
  the spaniard explained . 
  ( i did n't know either ), 
  did you use an i as an inverted !, 
  except shopping centres . 
  wait , they 're 2 different subs ? 
  that website says a beer costs 1.94 $ . 
  no one would pay that for a beer outside the club . 
  i think .70 $ to 1.20 $ is more reasonable . 
  that actually make sense . 
  maybe the house 's value increased because the zone you live in is getting better, 
  bullfighting is n't exclusively spanish . 
  it also exists or existed in southern france and exists in all of iberia , with varying degrees of violence . 
  sure, 
  but it 's a legit bias . 
  it 's because big cities just because they 're big have certain aspects that reduce quality of life , like commute time . 
  i 'm not sure now . 
  the president does but it makes sense that the pm does n't . 
  do n't most places have a consecutive terms limit ? 
  what if u eat it after, 
  if you did n't have to pay their social security, 
  cheese only goes bad if it 's fresh and then you can wait for some weeks and its good again !, 
  if its old just scrap off the mold . 
  well , it ought to be good for economic growth , right ? 
  yea it was a very aggressive campaign , specially from the anti abortion side . 
  the catholic church played a big role . 
  portugal , i think the level of catholicism is comparable held a referendum in 2007 for abortion until the 10th week or later if rape , abnormalities , danger to the mom and it passed . 
  just for comparison . 
   to put that in perspective , here 's the story of a homeless shelter mother teresa tried to build in new york city [ 1 ] . 
  the nuns did n't want to pay for the required elevator . 
  we have been southern since ~ 2008 , no longer western . 
  nice . 
  buy more cork, 
  yea that 's ridiculous, 
  yes , that was good , thank you . 
  could you elaborate a bit ? 
  or give me something to read . 
  i would want until he has expired all possible mandates and keeps on ruling ( if theres a proper mandate limit for presidency in russia , and he ca n't go back to prime minister ) , for now i think i would stick with authoritarian . 
   436-0 that 's not dictactorshipy at all . 
   21 % vat lol cute, 
   and here we are talking about entities that pretend to look for the bettermen of all manking i think thats the crucial point, 
  promoting science when convenient is what every corporation involved in research does . 
  it does not make it less legit , as long as it 's truthful . 
   $ 1 billion goes a lot further in africa than in europe . 
  a lot further in some warlords pocket . 
  you simply do n't go outside , like reverse blizzard . 
  come back barroso , we forgive you . 
  not just amateur , is n't belami czech too ? 
  literally !, 
  there 's uberx that 's the the problematic one that has normal people as drivers there 's uber black that gets you a car from a professional driver usually through already existing town car . 
  this is still cheaper than taxis . 
  then theres uber suv same as uber black but bigger cars , probably more seats and then there 's finally uber lux that 's porsches , series 7 , etc here 's a local anecdote in portugal for example we only have uber black and uber lux but the taxis took uber to court and uber was forced to stop working in portugal , but antral the taxis association that `` sued '' uber , drafted the papers for the wrong uber , one based in the us when the one that operates in portugal is based in the netherlands , so uber continues to work . 
  either way it 's silly because in portugal uber only connects you to car services that already existed and that you could be a member of with or without uber . 
  but wait , there 's more , because uber did n't stop working the court told banks to stop making payments to uber , and they did , the american uber , as it was in the court papers . 
  so if anyone abroad is using american uber with a portuguese bank credit card they 're fucked . 
  that 's only one of the types of service uber offers . 
  does wiki have a section about the role of alawites in the syrian war ? 
  i 've seen commie blocks with more soul than that . 
  what does it mean to be alawi ? 
  * your boss 's vehicle , huge difference, 
  to note that in europe trucks do n't belong to the driver but to the company the driver works for . 
  the parthenon does n't have a ceiling because in ancient greek architecture the ceilings were generally made out of wood and wood without maintenance does n't last as long as stone . 
  you 're a gay abortion . 
   in these issues ? 
  across the different countries importance of religion might have different interpretations . 
  which seems to be true by the different stances of the traditional family model in countries that are on the same bracket in that map you posted . 
  across the different countries importance of religion might have different interpretations . 
  which is seems to be true by the different stances of the traditional family model in countries that are on the same bracket in that map you posted . 
  but portugal has gay marriage and abortion .
