  you know what , that 's a rude comment there . 
  dude that 's like ... 1 $ you got there !, 
  i mean look at their military march and the music they use , 1:1 from 1930s german military, 
  whoa as a child somehow i never gave two thoughts about the ending but now that i see it again ... damn quite morbid, 
  yeah but it 's not like it 's an ordinary street which is called , out of coincidence , `` panzerringstra\u00dfe '' . 
  most military bases have a broad tar street which goes around the base and training field , and they 're called panzerringstra\u00dfe everywhere, 
  needed a double take to actually see it, 
  loved the ` get your shit together , son ' slap orban got, 
  i love the not so subtle `` dictator !, 
  '' , juncker once again showing how to put up with oban 's shenanigans, 
  damn napoleons troops sound like some christian isis terrorists `` ughhhh you do n't believe in the same religion as we do , nevermind we do n't act like good religious people anyway lol '', 
  really appreciate your comment mate , very well put !, 
  i understood it and found it very funny   military conflict with semi-authoritarian country for a rock in the middle of nowhere best part, 
  haha on point , there 's also some bullshit going on when you 're applying for visa . 
  if you state that you 've been in hong kong , taiwan or macau ( afaik ) in the last year they 'll deny your visa because you 're stating that these parts do n't belong to china ... all right so it should n't be a problem to take a one day trip to hong kong and go back to china mainland without needing another visa right ? 
  guess what ... 
  it all depends on the flat you rent , but yes 600eur will get you a looong way . 
  of course you should look how the situation is in your designated college town but from my experience whenever i did vacations in poland everything ( maybe exept electronics like iphones and tvs ) are dirt cheap , 
  price of life is cheap , folks are friendly as fuck and especially the university cities have a great nightlife scene . 
  what i did n't really like were the bad roads and infrastructure in general was not on the standard from middle europe ( who would 've guessed ... ), 
  i always get a humanity-boner reading about such forums / organisations . 
  people around me try to paint everything dark but i always concentrate on these agreements which push the society to a next , better level, 
  hey man , besides these problems , i confidently think you italians will figure this shit out soon  i believe in you, 
  hey no offence but it does n't matter which army you join , you are defending jack-shit . 
  just like you said , i was also on a patriotic trip which led me to the military . 
  the bundeswehr is not * thaaaaat * bad , it 's simply in a transition from a big anti-country army ( 1990 we had half a million soldiers ) to a more anti-insurgency army ( 180.000 soldiers now ) so you learn a lot of way too old tactics , 99 % of the time you 're chilling in the barracks anyway , like in every army lol . 
  we defend europe with the economy and that 's where our strength is . 
  props for loving germany tho , i do it too with my whole heart , 
  yeah it 's sadly true , it 's what people want to read though . 
  good ol' bernd and hildegart need to rant about something in the morning, 
  sure !, 
  i know what you mean , basically the same thing applies to the german forces but if you have a cool platoon leader he will tell you at the end of the day to load all your magazines and do a `` standprobe '' ( stability test if you 're able handle full auto ) for science . 
  otherwise you have to count the bullets left , pack them up and give them back which is way more trouble than just letting your soldiers have a little fun . 
  we still have a high opinion of the rifle , media was just exaggerating the whole issue to make an article . 
  without reading the article it 's about the lacking precision when heated up right ? 
  first of all , the rifle was developed as a standard issued rifle so it has to be 1 . cheap as fuck 2 . reliable as possible , 3 . easy to handle and the rifle is imo nearly the best one in this case . 
  it 's made out of hard plastic so everything that gets destroyed is cheap as hell to rebuilt , in the normal variant you already get a scope which lets you make way more precise shots then the competition aaand it 's easy as hell to handle , i had both the famas , m4 and the good ol' ak in my hands and none of them handled this light and easy . 
  so now for the ` issue ' that the rifle gets inaccurate after 150 straight shots . 
  1 . the wrong ammunition was used in afghanistand and 2 . in a combat , with 150 shots fired within a minute or two you have way too much adrenaline and probably a few other problems than an inaccuracy of 2 meters on 200m distance . 
  personally i never experienced the inaccuracy thing and you can bet your ass i fired it on auto a few times, 
  as someone who served in the german military and saw the poles with the latest american guns and uniforms in our barracks ... i concur, 
  no worry , as soon as someone fucks with poland we 're there , i mean , what am i saying , the last time the polish army visited us they were kicking ass * haaard * . 
  the combat willingness of part-poles here in germany is also astonishing . 
  wow , they did a hell of a good job . 
  i know my countries ads for the armed forces and this , like you said , low-budget commercial is * waaaayy * better . 
  ahh right makes sense , though poland is not * thaaaat * flat , i remember being there on a ski trip with my friend . 
  ah yes and honestly i think poland is far more than a passthrough nowadays, 
  yeah no shit , i 'm all for this friendship between germany and poland honestly . 
  i 've worked with a lot of them and their working their asses of all the time . 
  we fucked up their country once but they still manage to be so totally friendly to us . 
  i hear a lot of jokes from them about nazi germany etc but just for laughs , most of them do n't think twice about it . 
  really ? 
  i will never forget how i told my best friend who is part austrian how i fancy his country . 
  `` you have that german standard for roads , trains , cars and everything else going for you but you austrians still kinda have something different , no wonder why austria is so loved by germans '', 
  honestly i have to agree , without the trieste part tho since i do n't know anything about that topic . 
  we also assume the italian government is a fucking joke because of berlusconi and those hot girls who got a government position because of blowjobs . 
  the licked hair stereotype is also widespread here , licked long hair and sunglasses riding on a vespa moped . 
  could you explain the poland of the west one ? 
  honestly when i 'm in austria i do n't see myself as a foreigner . 
  but once i 'm in hamburg or bremen ... ugh ... 
  ah good ol' basement fritzl, 
  since you started it yes . 
  no it 's not the truth , it 's the typical ` uhh the state us oppressing me duh ! '', 
  narrative . 
  i trained with the riot police in the barracks a lot of times , there are processes going on in their formations and behavior that make a hell lot of sense . 
  they know their shit , dumb teenagers who throw stones do not . 
  your comment was simply bullshit , and that 's why it 's downvoted . 
  d'awww this really really hurt my feelings kid, 
  calm down . 
  i do n't think they have ever started to beat down on people out of the blue . 
  if things are heating up , how about just go the fuck away from that place because * you know * there will be clashes between the police and protesters ? 
  i do n't get the logic . 
  you are fucking with the forces of a nation and start whining when they hit you ? 
  they wo n't charge at you when you are walking along and shouting some slurs . 
  but as soon as you hear windows splatter or protesters standing in front the police , not backing away and heating up the situation it 's * your fucking job * to get away , otherwise there 's no reason to complain that you got hit . 
  cute lil timmy wanted to play with fire and is upset and offended now that he got burnt, 
  in my 21 years living in this country , i ca n't speak of anything that would be against me . 
  when my friend got beat up they were there in 2 minutes , when i was a dumb teenager and tagged a wall they were got me after 3 minutes and i was handled * very * fair . 
  i was drunk and offended some people in the streets , police came , told me to calm the fuck down , i was too drunk and landed in a cell . 
  but at no single time were they unfair to me even though i was a shitlord and acted like a chav . 
  whoever whines about police brutality in germany is imo out of their mind . 
  sure sometimes there are small problems , but by far not as bad as other countries i 've been to . 
  never forget how i was in poland with a friend and we needed to go to the hospital at 11pm , could n't find the entrance so we steered our way around the hospital on the street . 
  police comes around , hauling ass onto the sidewalk we were walking on , nearly hitting us . 
  i mean wtf ? 
  did they want to us to actually run away so they can chase us ?? 
  the dismounted and forcefully threw us on the ground until they realized we 're just some germans at 11pm who ca n't find the fucking entrance ... 
  leftist stone thrower detected ^, 
  wait ... is that actually on of the very few russian mig-29 we had that came from eastern germany ? 
  quite interesting that you linked it . 
  we gave them all to poland tho :(, 
  as far as i remember it is called the `` westverschiebung polens '' aka the west shift of poland which is basically also the reason why you have a good % of polish people in the eastern neighboring countries, 
  again , we 're not an conscription army anymore . 
  everyone who joins does it without any pressure , just their own wish . 
  but true , the us army is way more professional than our army, 
  during the first 6 months everyone is allowed to quit , after that it 's way harder ( but possible ) . 
  no difference between women and men tho, 
  i served with women and since we paused our conscription in 2011 every person comes in with more or less the same motivation . 
  the women that joined were barely above the average fitness level in their age class . 
  some of them ran two hours during the week and then scoring only the best grades in different sports while men who ripped their asses off and did military fitness every second day were graded similar .
