  if you come here as a young boy/girl apply for language programms so you learn the language . 
  then you go to school ( even if you are the oldest in the class ) and try to get atleast some kind of degree . 
  you see , the roads are built and it only depends on your will if you want to follow those roads . 
  if my parents can do this , everyone else 's can do this too . 
  ah , the old second generation immigrants problem . 
  you perfectly nailed why there 's a problem with them . 
  i 'm one of them , my parents came to germany during the late 80 's and a few years later i was born . 
  the difference between a 2nd gen immigrant who is a troublemaker and someone who 's not is simply defined by how much will their parents have to work their way up ( my parents started as cleaner , ended as secretary and engineer with diploma ) and move to better areas with more educated people . 
  my parents always tried to give me the best education as possible and here i am , joining the german armed forces for 13years this summer !, 
  the fact that i am standing here and saying i love germany shows that immigration programms etc. 
  are working , as long as you want to . 
  the second you say you do n't want to get integrated you become a problem sooner or later . 
  damn you 're right !, 
  til, 
  oh wow yes you 're right !, 
  i 'll let it live in my comment , a nice little reminder to where i 'm from :p, 
  yeah especially chechnya ( ~ ~ yes i knwo it 's not europe ~ ~ ) is known to have many jihadists who are well trained and have a lot of military experience due to the year long fightings against russia . 
  of course they join the side of the fsa in the syrian war which is actually pretty bad . 
  the war developed to a war between different sectarians , on the one hand you have alawites , christians und middle + upper class sunnis and on the other you have salafists , radical sunnis and a small percentage of average people who still dream that the revolution will bring a democratic government to syria . 
  al quaida and the al nusra front have infected the revolution from day one . 
  i 'll never forget how some americans actually thought that russia is invading their georgia ( the state ) and not the georgia in the caucasian region . 
  seems like we should send our retracted afghanistan troops to the border of the islamic czech republic . 
  how many skoda-carbombs have those jihadists already made ? 
  fuck you guys !, 
  proud 1,70 m giant reporting in, 
  yeah honestly , the bullshit i 'm starting to read in this sub ... 
  no dick measuring in terms of military equipment here !, 
  do croatians also yell kurwa ? 
  thought only the poles use it, 
  the syrian civil war will never run out of men , assad still gets a fuckton of young guys from his conscription and the rebels conscript people from their `` liberated '' land . 
  and it 's not like there are thousands of soldiers getting killed everyday , always a few here and a few there . 
  also , what 's up with all of them wearing hijabs ? 
  i strongly remember that there were millions of secular people in syria who could n't give two shits about women having to wear hijabs yet everyone in the interview and in the refugee camps wear them . 
  is it possible that the secular fellas just stayed behind in regime loyal areas or had the money to move to a more secure place in syria ? 
  * technically * yes , but the military police wo n't show up on your doorstep and drag you with them . 
   ukrainians traditionally called russians their brotherhood nation ehh ... russia called ukraine their little brother but the ukraine i experienced two months ago wants to nothing to do with russia . 
  as you drive down to the donbass region though , they really have a raging erection for russia going on, 
  no i really do n't think that you can hear zombies or intruders over the noise of the sea and the constant repetive wave breaking on the shore, 
  damn i can read 99 % of the text !, 
  i always thought german was sounding way different back in the 1770s but it 's quite close to nowadays german, 
  but what do you do when it 's dark outside ? 
  yeah did the same bus/trainride to kiev and please ... it 's not that hard . 
  board the bus , get some sleep and you 're there, 
  whoa yeah no shit i forget about the shit sprayers they can mount on their tractors . 
  my guess for why they did n't bring the sprayers with them is because they are * constantly leaking * so all your protest buddies would be covered in shit smell with no big morale and motivation to keep fighting, 
  but then again the tractor driver can pay his sweet broken ride all by himself while the driver of the police truck gets a shiny new one since he can claim he had to protect his comrades on the ground . 
  so while the tractor might be stronger , the police truck driver will fight till the end with no remorse to his battle ~ ~ horse ~ ~ tortoise, 
  wow , til !, 
  seems like farming is a way harder job than movies make it look, 
  all of the german ex-pows i knew who were under russian control had bad health problems and cute little stories about helpful country folks fall under bs for me . 
  my grandfather who also was a pow under russian control told me that the officers pressured the neighboring ` country folks ' to never ever help in any way fleeing prisoners or otherwise they 'll land in the same camp . 
  i mean come on ... russia was always known for pressuring poor people into bringing different accusations against each other so the police has something in their hand in case of an uprising . 
  my whole family suffered in three countries from wwii until the 1990s under russian politics ... fuck that, 
  when my father came to germany he also changed his polish name which was even horrible to spell for poles . 
  the other parts of his family also moved to germany later but they did n't pay attention to what each of the family members changed their last name to , so now they have like 3 different versions of their surname running through the family, 
  fuck yes / r/yurop `` in sience we trust '', 
  i 'd probably lose so many of them during my drunken weekends :( but yeah , cool idea !, 
  no they do n't . 
  this picture shows actually the rather peaceful roads which get used by civilians from both sides to enter/leave the separatist/pro-ukrainian side ... they are waiting there because there are * no * clashes so it 's safe for them to enter . 
  fact : roads where the actual frontline runs through and daily clashes occur are not loaded with waiting civilians in their cars . 
  again , i was there , asked to enter and got denied by the checkpoint `` only soldiers , osce and accredited reporters '' and you can bet your ass the road looked `` normal '', 
  i was 5km away from the frontline in eastern ukraine and the roads looked peaceful . 
  how should they look in a warzone , [ like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.thepowerhour.com/articles/highway_death3.jpg ), 
  it was travelling the e50 though which connects dnipro and donetzk , the crew is n't doing this because of training measures because you could use roads in western ukraine . 
  wait what 's up wit it ? 
  i 'm on my phone so maybe i 'm missing sonething, 
  at least as a german i know many friends who went to a trip to the czech republic for cheap sex near the border or the lash drug laws ... we literally got approached in the middle of the day in prague by a kush dealer so i expected higher hiv rates but damn ... most of the slavic countries are really low balling it on this statistic, 
  but franconia is, 
   frankonia story checks out, 
  the old merc sl was the indicator for me that in no way the suspect was 18, 
  can only agree , 25 degree with a slight breeze is perfect , everything after that becomes annoying . 
  but is n't this the point ? 
  a normal person has a good self-awareness and knows that people will look strange at him for , say dressing up as an animal . 
  but the ` man-childs ' lack this self-awareness which adds to the `` hmm ... something is up with this guy '' . 
  will dressing up as animals be normal in 100years ? 
  yes maybe , but it 's not the norm on this day . 
  i 've seen some of them furries once and , since i was wasted , i started a conversation with them . 
  sorry but these guys were definitely * not * normal persons , you knew they were stuck with a 10 year olds mind in the body of a mid 20 's person . 
  3 days in kiev and then i took the bus to mariupol #wartourism . 
  i mean even in kiev everyone spoke russian so i guess ukrainian is more likely to be spoken near lviv . 
  they do learn ukrainian in school but everyone sticks to russian, 
  it 's strange that the round was fired at 10am though . 
  azov soldiers told me that normally the shelling takes place in the night or early morning hours since the osce guys are n't present at the frontlines at this time . 
  sorry but when i visited your country i barely met ukrainian-speaking people . 
  it felt like everyone speaks russian and * some * are able to switch to ukrainian , no one does though . 
  100 % this !, 
  no ukrainian near the ato-zone will upvote this shit , rather europeans who are sitting in their comfy chair . 
  i was in mariupol not a whole week ago and people there are sick of the war , it does n't matter if they 're pro-ukr or pro-russian they live side by side and both are against the war and the soldiers there . 
  i have n't seen * one * person in mariupol saying he 's glad that the army is here . 
  but who cares what religion they are ? 
  these are human beings like you and me who went through hell . 
  yesterday i came back from mariupol where you can hear the constant shelling and small arms fire of the frontline 5km down the road . 
  now ukrainians are still way better off than syrian or eritreans but i could n't say a word when people spoke about their miserable situation there . 
  it 's so sad , even more when you know you 're traveling back in a few days to a comfy home , thousand miles away . 
  i ca n't believe how some people can even have the guts to say that the refugees `` families will leech off countries hosting them '' . 
  please go to someone from a wartorn city , listen to their story and then say that same sentence while looking him straight in the eyes . 
  are refugees sometimes more criminal than we are ? 
  probably yes . 
  guess what , they * never in their life * had the same kind of stable school system etc like we have in the eu .
