i actually asked a taxi driver once why mercedes seems to rule the taxi segment . 
  he said their service is outstanding , immediate replacement car and a very fast repair . 
  last but not least mercedes is still standing for quality and luxury so your average joe will rather get his ass transported in a merc than in a dacia, 
  i took the highest career option in the german armed forces last year , around one third of my comrades left the army within 3-4 months . 
  most left because they think that an army is an outdated idea or the structure in the army is bullshit : `` why should i listen to this moron ? 
  because of his rank he gained by just staying in the army ? 
  no sorry , fuck it ! '', 
  no one wants to join the armed forces when there 's no real threat or pride in your job . 
  why should i sign up for 13 years under shitty conditions when all i do is waking up early and having one deployment in 10 years ? 
  whoa that flight was basically a steal !, 
  the kurdish region of iraq is quite safe for middle eastern standarts as far as i heard . 
  are you white or do you have some middle eastern ancestors , because i think this definitly helps in this region . 
  it also looks like you were traveling alone which takes huge balls brother  things like the shared taxi and being held at knifepoint , did you see that somehow coming during the taxi ride or came it out of the blue ? 
  my ` plan ' was to drive by car to eastern/middle turkey , park the car in a hotel and pay them for the parking spot for a week and pay a taxi to the syrian border . 
  problem is now that many rebels and jihaddists enter syria over the turkish border and i really do n't want to get kidnapped just by standing near the border . 
  now if you want to get to eastern syria where the kurds live i guess that this is where the borders are uncontrolled right ? 
  how about the borders in western syria around aleppo and latakia ? 
  have you seen if these borders are more secured by the turkish military ? 
  because i could at least take a few peeks over the border and have a safe feeling because i 'm not about to get kidnapped, 
  that subtle bash , i like that :d, 
  let 's be real here , plus i do n't get this . 
  as long as your army is n't about 800.000 soldiers strong you 're going to eat shit when russia attacks . 
  so buying 50 more tanks and 10 fighter jets for that money will be laughed off by a russian officer . 
  and russia is n't going to attack anyone , especially not poland which is a nato member . 
  you know what ? 
  when i called my polish family they told us that yes russia and ukraine are more often in the news and no , most polish people do n't give a fuck about the situation since they know it 's just muscle showing by russia , nothing new . 
  the problem is that often they only have one citizenship . 
  if jihaddist born in germany without a second citizenship fights in syria and even spreads hatred you simply can not force him to stay in a ` beloved sharia country ' !, 
  yeah , by stripping them off their human rights we step on the same level as all rebels / terrorists / bandits etc. 
  if we get to that point we are n't better then the guys we want to stop in this world . 
  good to see that our country handles this stuff quite well to be true, 
  what do you think , is it possible to go over the border without much trouble ? 
  shit man sometimes i think about stepping a few feet into syria just to be able to say : `` yes , i 've been in a country which is in a full scale civil war '' why did you visit eastern turkey ? 
  of course that was exaggerated , but if you look at fukushima and chernobyl and than add to that that germans are always more carefull in such things ... 
  mein kamerad ' , you do n't understand . 
  it 's funny because you get mad at the other dude for not taking ` fucking statistics class ' while you do n't see through the statistics . 
  yes , 99,999999 % of the time the nuclear plants will work fine , but do n't forget that holy shit there 's definitly a chance that a meltdown could happen ( because of terrorists , workers fucked-up or mechanical failure ) and in that case the whole southern area of germany for example could be contanimated and therefore our lifes in germany ( and neighbouring countries ) would drastically change for around 20 years !!, 
  it 's just not worth the risk , i mean come on . 
  we 've got the money for expensive green programs yada yada , why always trying to be so ` savy ' about our money when in the end , we as human beings have to live through that ? 
  it 's completely voluntary . 
  you can join in two ways nowadays , either as a ` voluntary-duty-doer ' where you sign up for 6 to 23 months and you can leave the army anytime and when your company is getting ready for a deployment you do n't have to go with them . 
  or as a soldier on time where you sign up for several years ( like i did for 13years ) , and you have to deploy to 100 % on a side note : there wo n't be any intervention on a scale of isaf for the next decades from the german viewpoint, 
  as far as i know nearly every unblocker has a button to show the normal search results . 
  so while many videos are blocked every person between 11-30 y/o here has already installed one of the unblockers and is happily enjoying his new achieved freedom . 
  nice made up statistics brother ... i do n't want to change your mind , i do n't have to . 
  paris is a beautiful city but it 's not a little known fact that it 's not living up to the hype that the city used to have . 
  do you know the french/german tv channel ` arte ' ? 
  they made a good documentary about the topic ... so say what you want lil nig , 
  [ you 're funny my friend ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris_syndrome ), 
  i think what he means was the shock . 
  i 'm also in the army and you get prepared for nasty stuff all day long so you kind of know what 's going to happen . 
  when you come to paris on the other hand you expect one beautiful french city that turns out to veeeeery ugly in every aspect, 
  you mean pierre vogel , that bandit . 
  you obviously do n't see the ifvs, 
  well , at least the pictures already landed on reddit , someone has definitely already posted them on facebook with captions like `` omg they 're deploying tanks !! '', 
  and creating a small thrill . 
  it 's always the same shit . 
  people tend to cut out the context and intepret things they want to see, 
  yes but that would be a shot in their own genitals if the show up with a few tanks to thousand people who protest . 
  by posting these pictures you create more uproar than these tanks will ever do because it 's obviously that they wo n't get used against protesting people . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  the tanks are pretty much useless in urban areas and the few bmps can transport together maybe a platoon of soldiers but not more ... do n't think they 're going to use them against the protesters, 
  sometimes reality is so sad . 
  we , as humans , fucked it up and now the dogs have to go through this cruelity . 
  i love animals but i also know that there 's no way around putting them down . 
  sorry but that 's just wrong . 
  i 'm officer cadet and just today we had a small lecture about the situation right now in syria . 
  you should see our faces when they told us that the un has exactly zero evidence about the sarin attack . 
  aww man , that line is really beginning to hit home, 
  and that 's exactly why we should n't inteverne . 
  i 'm officer cadett in the german armed forces and it 's not a little known fact here that syria is better off with bashar . 
  we had a meeting where the high ranking officers told us which situation is most likely to happen ( do n't forget that we already have some troops stationed at the turkish-syrian border so syria is an important topic here ) . 
  they basically told us that we 'll most likely get to syria when the war has settled and peace observations have started . 
  in no fucking way will we fight against the saa because we would have too much losses , we would eventually overthrow bashar but not without hundreds of dead soldiers on our side . 
  we do have the superior equipment and training etc. 
  but bashar could shell our positions with his artillery and/or use sarin . 
  of course we could start with bombing the shit out of the syrian arab army with jets but the majority of his army would still be able to fight back . 
  another topic is : what 's going to happen when bashar is overthrown ? 
  imagine how the support for the armies would shrink if islamists get to hold his position . 
  so facts are that as long as assad is the president and has an army we 'll most likely do shit . 
  dude , this is literally made for zombie mobs . 
  brb , gon na tell the dayz developers about the wasserwerfer 10000 idea, 
  as far as i remember it takes 3 operators , similar to a tank . 
  one person drives the vehicle , one is operating the `` cannon '' and one is something like a commander , who tells where to shoot , where to move and he 's also the one who is in touch with the other vehicles and police units to coordinate themselves . 
  [ here you have the latest german model for example , price for one `` wasserwerfer 10000 '' is 900.000 $ ] ( https://www.google.de/search?gs_rn=15&amp;gs_ri=psy-ab&amp;tok=kxrmb0dchfaioqeueogeca&amp;suggest=p&amp;cp=14&amp;gs_id=1i&amp;xhr=t&amp;q=wasserwerfer+10000&amp;bav=on.2,or.r_cp.r_qf.&amp;bvm=bv.47244034,d.zwu&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=979&amp;um=1&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hl=de&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=og&amp;sa=n&amp;tab=wi&amp;ei=m1wrufupeiauomt3gzam ) [ very interesting inside view ] ( http://www.berliner-kurier.de/image/view/2011/1/10/7179118,4739093,highres,_qua1091.jpg ) , you can see the commander , besides him is the monitor for the `` gunner '' and in front of them is the driver 's position . 
  oh yes , let 's stress the driver of the vehicle even more . 
  he will definitely not freak out when he 's surrounded by hundred protesters and a windscreen full of paint . 
  this is a stupid ... 
  but even then the state pays them quite well . 
  if you are shortly unemployed you simply had a misfortune and things will work out in the end . 
  if you are long-time unemployed then you clearly lack something , because there are always jobs that you can do to work yourself up . 
  what i want to say is that in the end it always depends how hard you want to work your ass off . 
  during the 2008 crisis i saw many unemployed formerly good-paid people working in low wage jobs to stay independent without government help . 
  those are the people that eventually achieve something because no matter what circumstances , they will work their asses off for something better . 
  on the other hand you have people feeling too `` noble '' to do those jobs and rather live off welfare . 
  i do n't care where you are from , which skin color you have , which religion etc. 
  but as long as you come to germany/sweden/the netherlands etc. 
  and you expect that everything is given to you like jobs , education , money and friendliness from the residents then you better go back to your homecountry , because for those things you have to fight . 
  if you get shit done , then people will welcome you with open arms . 
  you do n't need qualifications to work in mcdonalds or as a cleaner in a house .
