  even if they did rise in 2013 , as you can [ see ] ( http://www.economica.net/importuri-rusia_75761.html ) , the largest part of imports are fuels and mineral oils at 1.9 bln euros , out of which 1.3 are crude oil which we buy more and more from the kazakhs and the caucasus states and 400 mln in natural gas which we cut in more than half in 2014 and will cut more in the future especially with the coming pipeline from greece . 
  so we should entirely boycott russia , because we take part in planned military exercises with our allies ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  [ only ~ 4 % ] ( https://atlas.media.mit.edu/en/profile/country/rou/ ) of our imports came from russia in 2012 ( before sanctions and restrictions ) and most of it was in industrial goods , plus [ we just cut 60 % ] ( http://www.ibtimes.com/romania-natural-gas-country-cuts-imports-russian-fuel-61-1833310 ) of our fuels imports from them last year . 
  in 2012 we had more imports from freaking kazakhstan . 
  please shush !, 
  the only stats i found so far are from 2012 and they tell of ~ 26-27 % being smokers with some 37 % of men and 16 % of women . 
  an older article from '09 mentions 32 % being smokers , so it seems to be going down . 
  most smokers are well aware of the health risks , but there is little stigma attached to it . 
   makes me wonder if anyone from romania can comment on what are the plans for infrastructure there - are you building anything from black sea to hungary in any foreseeable future ? 
  the plans change a lot , but i think [ this ] ( http://media.hotnews.ro/media_server1/image-2015-02-10-19343326-0-harta-proiectelor-rutiere-master-planul-transport-v2-0.jpg ) is the latest plan for development , although i heard rumours of the brasov-bacau segment being scrapped ( green is highway , purple is expressway ) . 
  from some recent military exercises . 
  they had a scenario where the wedding guests tried to bribe the soldiers with booze ( because moldova ) to let them pass through a control point and when they did n't allow it , they opened fire on the soldiers . 
  because why not ? 
  anyway , there 's a clip of it here : [ link ] ( http://stirileprotv.ro/stiri/international/nunta-insangerata-la-un-exercitiu-militar-din-republica-moldova-video-mirele-si-mireasa-impuscati-sub-ochii-premierului.html ) ( second video on the page , page in romanian , maybe autoplay ), 
  i 'm fine with it . 
  just ca n't wait to listen to the danes using it . 
  it was stable versus the eur because it 's not pegged to anything and as such the bnr could actively manipulate it 's value , a thing you ca n't really do if you 're using the eur . 
  i 'm not going to touch the mooching debate , but with regards to the migrant situation , i seriosly doubt greece would have been this much of a target if they were outside of schengen or the eu . 
  granted , you 'd have moved the problem to bulgaria most likely ( shorter route ) and for you as an eu citizen it would be the same shit all over , but a different flag to blame most likely . 
  i wo n't even pretend to be able to imagine what would have happened to greece if they were non-eu and back on the drachma , but in this case of these migrants , the eu did hurt more than it helped them . 
  i had no idea before now , so i just googled this hunting shop and found [ a list of prices ] ( http://www.huntershop.ro/listadep.htm ) . 
  looking at a couple more stores , they seem to be quite standard prices . 
  just divde the price by 4 to get it in usd . 
  the cheapest ones seem to be 2-3 times the minimum wage so not prohibitively expensive , if you really need one , but an unnecesary expense unless you are a hunter or sportsman . 
  edit : add to that the price for getting all the paperwork , and membership to hunting/sports clubs . 
  iirc you have to be part of a hunting club ( usually county-wide ) to be able to get a hunting permit , and it 's unlikely to get a gun ownership permit without one of those . 
  or so i heard , but it 's been a while since i last heard a hunter rant . 
  edit2 : just to nip the `` what if you need it for defense ? '', 
  question in the bud - you do n't : we had 26 murders with fire arms from '07 to '11 so about 5/year and about 100 fire arm robberies over the same 5 years . 
  independence is just white privilege , do n't you know ? 
   transnistria as part of romania is really unimaginable also unimaginable to even the most unionistic of us . 
  there really is no attachment here to anything beyond the dniester , only to the parts over the river they took , like the city of bender . 
  i 'd imagine if this ever were to happen there would be a negotiation trading bender for their independance . 
   also whole transnistria also [ gagauzia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gagauzia ) which is also autonomous , a thing our constitution does n't accept . 
  and it likely wo n't accept it in the foreseeable future since it would almost certainly mean also giving autonomy to [ szeklerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sz%c3%a9kely_land ) and , right or not , apropriate or not , harmless or not , argue as you will , it would be political suicide for any politician . 
   germany might be your trustworthy hey-diddly-ho neighbor well , if i were french i 'd definitely trust them to war over alssace or lorraine . 
  in highschool history i should have made a drinking game over how many times those guys switched owners . 
   the difference between brother and sister nations i think the gender is mostly cultural , just like how in some languages you have a fatherland and in others there 's a motherland, 
  i think he 's talking about [ bulgars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bulgars ) , not bulgarians . 
  which is interesting , but pretty irrelevant to your genetics , culture or language ; similar to calling the normans or russians as norse or the english as french/norman because their rulers were at one time from that population . 
  see , it 's up for interpretation on where the line falls . 
  for example , you yourself said about an hour ago :  how is germany not a multinational state ? 
  but now :  i think germany [ ... ] i would n't call it a multinational state i would leave it at that . 
  in europe , history is way too complicated to make any definitive statements based on it . 
  what we have now is what should be the most important to us ; and right now , i do n't see bavarians ( for example ) rising as the catalans or the n. irish . 
  or the croats in frm . 
  welp , the us is a multinational on paper , imho , because it has to by law recognize the natives ( the ones on reservations and such ) in practice it is everything but . 
  now , s. africa , brazil , india or russia , yes , both on paper and in reality , they are multinationals . 
  edit : i may be terribly wrong and in the us it 's because of state laws , but i 'm gon na keep it up . 
  i appreciate your input , however , you have n't explained the difference in what you consider to be a multinational state and a multistate nation . 
  because , by your logic of historical and linguistic divergence , most nations in europe today would be , in fact , multinational ; we all had fractions of our modern countries be separate for centuries . 
  not to speak of france or italy where the historical and linguistical separation was even harsher . 
  there must be a line where the line between the multi-nation is crossed and it becomes a one-nation ( with various degrees of differences ) , and i believe that germany have crossed it . 
  on the other hand , some linguists consider serbian and croatian to be more closely related than the german spoken in munchen vs. the one in koln ( stuff i read over the years , no idea on source ) , so i guess it 's all up for interpretation . 
  granted , my knowledge of germany is quite limited , but you could say the same thing about romania since all the principalities existed ( and were documented as such ) from the early 14th century , but were united in 1859 and 1918 . 
  multinationality , even if i do n't understand it well , seems to imply multiple nationalities or ethnicities ( with nationality aspirations ) being ( forced or not ) to live under the same statal entity ... and unless you believe bavarians or rheinlanders are of a different nationality ( like in spain basques , catalans or galicians are different from castilians ) . 
  however , as i said , german ethnic politics are n't something i 'm familiar with , and i may be wrong , so please correct me . 
  yes , and so are many others , but it does n't make / u/slacker25 right . 
  for one , it removes the difference between a nation and a state , which in case of both the us and germany is quite obvious . 
  plus it adds the very loosely defined `` multinational '' to the equation ... and russia , china , spain even , maybe ; germany or the us , nah !, 
  pretty much so . 
  i made a comment at some point last year ( so 2013-14 ) about foreign trade and by my sources it looked like back then we imported more value from kazakstan than from russia ; granted a lot of it is in petrol and related products , but still , you 're right : we 're about 20 million folk 3/4 of which can barely afford western non-agricultural goods . 
  us and a friendly poland would be a boon to their economy . 
   the us is a ~ ~ multinational state ~ ~ the us is a federal nation . 
  ftfy, 
  in its current state , submerging it is easy ... getting it back up is more difficult ( that 's what she said ) . 
  according to local sources ( which i read around the 10th , not gon na trawl through my entire history right now ) , he did apply for refugee status in '11 in romania , but was denied six months later due to suspicions of his identity , deported to tunisia under guard and banned from reentry for five years . 
  this time , when he passed through , apparently the authorities did inform the other countries along his way of his coming - up to germany , but for some reason not france . 
  and the french had problems because of the multiple identities , even if both the swiss and the germans ( bordering france ) had been given his prints and photo . 
  it 's not fallacious : it 's an argument on weather you 're too hypocritical or afraid or complacent to do something against those who already have some power and are in a similar position otherwise and just pick on the weaker ones . 
  please threaten italy ( since the corruption level is similar ) with expulsion or something and then at least we 'll all see you actually have some conviction . 
  is corruption in italy eradicated right now ? 
  or poland , or spain , or greece , but those got in . 
  no , you vetoed bulgaria as well , even if their borders held better under recent pressure than some of the countries already in schengen . 
  to answer your question , yes . 
  i would n't directly benefit from it : i have no plans of moving abroad , i do n't work in commerce nor do i know anyone who does . 
  on the other hand it would be like the usa making special rules for italians in the '70s because the mafia did shit . 
  let 's be fair : those willing to do crime abroad , have moved abroad , all you 're doing is fuck up our imports/exports . 
  it 's been 11 days in the year and we already shut down a card fraud and a prostitution ring . 
  the carrot and stick can only work for so long . 
  just say `` no , never '' and be done with it . 
  just no !, 
  they have more than enough money to buy the damned thing outright . 
  honestly , i see this as a conspiracy theory . 
  they 'd be better off with parts of athens or pireus , especially since the greeks need the money more than we do . 
  plus most naval trade in the black sea and eastern med . 
  would go through istanbul or athens anyway ; at most constanta would have a monopoly on georgian exports ... whoop-dee-doo . 
  p.s : no offence to georgia ... 
  not sure it 's wise to stand at this [ q ] ( http://i.stack.imgur.com/nfr0u.jpg ), 
  full access of what ? 
  we already have access to working and/or living in the eu , including most of the schengen ( honestly , i did n't study the swiss or norwegian rules ) . 
  the only thing this would do is ease commercial traffic at our borders , a country in which the netherlands is in the [ top 10 of importers ] ( http://www.nineoclock.ro/romania%e2%80%99s-main-trade-partners/ ) , and take away some pressure from the balkan borders given the recent crises . 
  so ... eu * candidates * , schengen * candidates * , partnership * candidates * . 
  i 'm not seeing you have a go at italy , or spain - actual members with corruption issues ; just go for the soft targets . 
  and in all fairness , us completing the tasks for joining schengen means we fulfilled terms that were agreed beforehand by the ruling body , including the netherlands . 
  why not petition for a change in rules before or during the initial talks ? 
  moving the goal posts is just dick-ish ; admit it . 
  bah , we 'll have our own schengen with blackjack and hookers . 
  that was true some 10 years ago , but by the time we were refused the first time a few years back ( thanks , netherlands ) we already got our shit together under foreign supervision and by today we modernised a good deal of infrastructure .
