  relative to the traffic coming through our borders , afaik from whatever articles i read over the years , we 're quite secure . 
  but you 're right , definitely more secure than some of the ones judging us . 
  [ welp ... ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-cjap7inkhk4/uczgi8k_qhi/aaaaaaaaoaa/oiru7zgqwnc/s320/whoosh.jpg ), 
  so ... bulgaria and hungary made the list . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://truestorieswithgill.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/20130915-190532.jpg ), 
  this should be a test of willingness to integrate . 
  stinky fish or gtfo . 
  i would n't dare play as hungary . 
  in my games , it almost never survives with more than 4-5 provs since the last two patches either bohemia ( since last patch ) , austria , ottos or poland get too stronk and kill it . 
  although , once , it did inherit austria , became hre and about 100 years later it pu 'd a castille that did the iberian wedding ( incl . 
  naples ) . 
  and at that point , me , playing poland , just quit and deleted the save . 
  facepalm ... have n't played ck in a while , but the invasion frustration was still so vivid , i just associated it with eu . 
  although it can now legitimaly happen with random new world enabled . 
  step 1 . wait until the christmas sale since it can add up . 
  at least wait for the sale to get the expansions and buy just the base game at full price to train . 
  you 'll want the base game , and the expansions , although these are not necessary , but features will be missing in single-player from the game if you do n't have them . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.eu4wiki.com/downloadable_content#expansions ) is a list of them , plus all other cosmetic dlc , but i suggest waiting on those and see if you actually want them . 
  on sales , the pattern is usually : latest expansion ( cossacks ) -30 -33 % off ( may vary with currency ) , 2nd to last ( common sense ) -50 % , and the earlier ones ( el dorado , art of war , res publica , wealth of nations and conquest of paradise ) anywhere between -70 to -90 % off . 
  rp and cop are the least game-altering imho , so if you 're on a budget and need to cut something out , cut those . 
  step 3 : conquer paris as ulm , and as such , get profit . 
  in multiplayer matches , everybody plays with whatever expansions the host enables regardless if they own them or not , and op said last week he had them all , so probably with all expansions ( although i hope without sunset invasion , fingers crossed ) . 
  version should be the latest ( 1.14.3.0 ) since he did n't mention otherwise . 
  well , the gist of it is like in most strategies : manage the economy and deploy armies . 
  however the combat and economy/trade mechanics and the inter-country politics you only get by actually playing since they 're quite complex and very interconnected . 
  i suggest you start with the tutorial , then playing with an easy nation ( portugal , ottomans , poland , muscovy ) and watching some `` let 's play '' series ( at least the first 10-20 episodes , where they address the basics of nation building ) . 
  i recommend [ this playlist ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plh-huzmeggwcj-pv_z0gdslsxaaqjj7bh ) by arumba since it just started , is with the latest expansion pack , and he pretty much always does a good job of explaining what he 's doing ; plus he starts with a small and difficult country ( albania ) so you get to see the nitty-gritty . 
  or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=pl9rlm-fz2cj9wthcbtjrzaixkodtbve2d ) by rockleesmile in which he 's literally being taught the game . 
  trust me ... it takes tens , if not hundreds of ours to be able to play at a moderate level . 
  i 'm at about 850 hours of play time , with some modding experience , and still fail a lot . 
  i 'll do my best to make it , but i ca n't really pick a country yet , since i do n't know who the others will play and i do n't really want to be too close to others . 
  leaning towards a pomerania or hansa game . 
  anyway , friend invite sent . 
  in most of these talks , people usually think of greece , bulgaria , spain , croatia or italy as schengen-border members . 
  i 'm wondering if you even thought of asking the uk ( good luck with that ) , france , denmark , or the netherlands to `` cede control of their borders '' , since they are technically border-states : only austria , hungary , czech rep. and luxembourg , are n't border states . 
  come on ... you just ca n't expect an independent country and its citizens to peacefully accept a forced foreign armed force guarding it . 
  this is stuff you negotiate in peace treaties not stamp it on a tuesday in parliament . 
  also , both italy and greece asked for help multiple times , where was this decisiveness before the shit hit the fan ? 
  plus schengen borders do n't matter ... bulgaria and croatia are n't members and they had issues , are they left on their own ? 
  edit : addition - i 'm all in favour of a unified border and military force . 
  just that 's it 's done in full accord and not forced on unwilling states . 
  / u/limitlessltd wants to make it easier for western/northern countries and citizens to own capital , property and market share in the east and * maybe * the south ( in his comment : `` access to the single market '' which does go mostly one-way ) , access to easy brain-drain ( in his comment : `` access to free movement of people '' , because there are many danes moving to bulgaria / s ) , while not giving these countries even the right to representation in the parliament ( in his comment : `` can not vote on [ ... ] laws or regulations and only have to apply those '' ) . 
   but can not vote on federal european laws or regulations and only have to apply those that are related to the single market . 
  yeah ... no !, 
  i would expand on it , but my thought on it is just `` no !, 
   a bit sad that our weddings do n't involve long lines of honking cars ours do . 
  i can only hope to never have to hear them again . 
  i do n't think there 's anything for them to destabilize towards . 
  although there are a few higher-ups which have shown some bussiness preference towards russia , there are no pro-russian parties even remotely relevant , the people are firmly anti-russian and there 's very little anti-west feeling ( be it eu , us , nato , un ) with no politicians even daring to run on this campaign . 
  we 're not in the eurozone or have migration problems to destabilize the region and we have a [ very low external debt ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/romania/external-debt ) anyway ( less than cyprus or malta ) . 
  so , yeah , i think we 're safe for the moment . 
  mostly to prevent a negative spotlight on them and to cut back on shitposting . 
  their sidebar rules asks that :  `` please do not x-post us to any subreddits with over 30k subscribers or any meta subs '' . 
   what he wants to do is he wants to give more powers to presidency so he can essentially become the head of turkey is n't this done through a referendum ? 
  i assume it means modifinfg the constitution ... surely it wo n't go through ... 
  i hope . 
   he is the current president but presidency is really symbolic . 
  so ... it does n't really matter . 
  just like it did n't matter that medvedev was president of russia since everyone knows it was the 2nd most important man in the country pulling the strings . 
  i should have put more intermediary steps in . 
  okay , i 'm gon na go fuchsia-pink-red-purple-maroon . 
  you 're about to get pink ... 
  i think . 
  fuck it , i have no idea what doing.jpg, 
  it 's very cool ! . 
  right now , i have you tagged in purple , the next step is maroon . 
  for the simple reason that before reddit and res took down scores i had you at -3 . 
  ca n't even remember what it 's for ... probably politcs . 
  so sorry to hear that . 
  in my mind , what ataturk did in turkey was on par with the rennaissance in europe or the u.s. constitution but even at a deeper level and maybe even more fundamental . 
  y' all need more ataturk , less erdogan . 
  can you please give me a quick reply on how much longer he is in office and if he is allowed to run again ? 
  yeah , my comment was a bit of a bad joke , but seriously : you guys were doing so well untill just a few years ago . 
  back in commie times and up to the late 90 's everyone i know loved the turks for contrabanding cigarettes , western - style clothes , music vinyls , appliances , etc. 
  to us . 
  even after 2000 i had friends/colleagues ( male and female ) go to istanbul or ankara for exchange studies and they loved it . 
  i do n't pretend to follow turkish politics , but it just seems so sudden ; it seems like from 2005 on ... you guys just broke . 
  ( source : it 's from the ball of poland subreddit , but it 's against their rules to name them here . ), 
   sic transit gloria mundi a bit late on the comment chain ( 4 hrs . 
  ago ) , but , yeah , i read it the same as / u/oblio - , even if i 'm not his biggest fan . 
  i 'm not gon na get into pre-ww1 politics , but your comment , since it mentions a `` gloria '' , it either welcomes the birth of czechoslovakia , or cries the end of austria-hungary , and there 's litle ( well , nothing ) to suggest you were on the cz/sk side . 
  so one can only take it as a regret for the `` glory days '' , whatever your conclusion is . 
  however , whatever your thoughts were , you should know that in this part of the world , this kind of talk , without clear clarifiers , will make people angry , offensive or what-have-you . 
  so , even if oblio - was , i think , a bit rash , i do n't think he was out of line ... 
  c'mon turkey , last time you had this kind of ruler we had to declare independance . 
  pretty much . 
  since the 14th-15th century or so , the entire coast from northern bulgaria to odessa was mostly a toss between the ottomans and the `` russians '' ( in whatever form they had at the time ) or polish and whoever won a war between the two decided who held it for the next while ( of course with some hungarian or tatar meddling ) . 
  and before that , up to the founding of wallachia and the fall of the 2nd bulgarian empire , i 'm certain we were even more similar than today ( if you look at folkloric lyrical motiffs , dress , cuisine , ruins of that age , toponimy , etc. ) . 
  anyway , you can try and take constan\u021ba or tulcea from our cold dead hands , but over here no one in his right mind would think that we have any kind of legitimate claim on silistra or balchik . 
  the southern part ? 
  nah , we only had it for about 20 years or so and pretty much no one considers it as a `` lost land '' . 
  honestly , i 'd wager that if you were to ask random people on the street on what territories we owned historically and lost at some point , a very small percentage will remember s. dobrudja ( cadrilater in rom . ), 
  or pokuttya ( a few centuries back ) . 
  although we did fight in the 2nd balkan war , ww1 and a part of ww2 , most people are only concerned with the russians and hungarians . 
  so we 're cool . 
  i find this quite funny since last year there was a similar project/idea in romania to make us switch from eet to cet . 
  it would be quite awkward if both of these went through . 
  iirc it 's in one of those threads about me emmigrants/refugees not wanting to come here . 
  could n't into nordic . 
  killed itself because of the grief .
