  second , voting already took place and with an overwhelming majority , the residents voted for independence . 
  the fact of the matter is that karabakh armenians will never allow their families to live under anti-armenian azeri dictatorship . 
  that is a non-starter . 
   ok , i just wanted you to say something like this as there are also several independent commissions that also agree with the numbers largely . 
  but no , they are clearly all liars as well . 
  i mean how the fuck do civilians not die , considering the massacres against them , and the fact that 500k civilians were displaced from the nkr region . 
  i 'm not sure what you 're ultimate point is here as this conversation has been devolving into a circular mess . 
  are you attempting to paint the armenians as aggressors in this conflict ? 
  to pin down blame and thereby castigate them as obstacles to peace ? 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  yes , there were civilians death on both sides after the azeri invasion ; this is a disheartening but common side effect of war . 
  as far as missing civlians are concerned , what does it matter which side had a higher number ? 
  how is it even relevant ? 
  do people flee from war zones ? 
  yes . 
  the blame for the war and much of those displacements fall on the shoulders of the aggressor state , azerbaijan . 
  azerbaijan could 've respected the will of the karabakh people , but chose military force instead . 
   i 'm not saying that all armenians hate turks , but you pretend that there is not a large problem in the armenian community of hating someone because they are turks , not because they deny the genocide , which is reasonable . 
  naturally , there are some armenians that have a dislike for turks due to the genocide , continued denial and a sense of subjugation of the armenian community in turkey . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i would n't describe animosity toward the turkish government as a `` large problem . '', 
  most armenians in the diaspora as descendants of western armenians from the ottoman empire . 
  they speak turkish as a third or fourth language . 
  some have family in istanbul or may watch turkish television via satellite . 
  stop painting with such broad strokes ; it 's pedantic and embarrassing . 
  also , do n't assume anything about anyone . 
  your comments earlier accusing me of being anti-turk or anti-azeri or not caring for azeris is nonsense . 
   do you know what a testimonial is in this context ? 
  it is essentially attaching a famous name , despite the fact that they might know nothing on the topic . 
  yes . 
  and nice attempt at obfuscation here . 
  who should 've done the research here ? 
  a random student ? 
  perhaps the brilliantly clueless redditor / u/woesky ? 
  you 're attempting to scholarly research based on the fact that the research is so well known that he is merely being asked for his opinion on this matter for purposes of manipulating the public ? 
  that 's a sorry argument , mate . 
  you should attempt a refutation of the legal conclusions in the work by de zayas . 
  i 'll leave you to it . 
   except for not seeming like hypocrites . 
  he started it is not a valid excuse for pre-schoolers , let alone state actors . 
  and if armenia wants to show that it actually cares about people , it could make a public statement that says that they are willing to allow the return of azeris to armenia if they allow them to return likewise . 
  also , my point was that is only refers to the karabakh region , the azeris are not going to go home . 
  armenia has repeatedly pushed that azeris are not allowed to return to the nkr proper , let alone armenia proper , and lachin as well . 
  my point was that the onus and ultimate responsibility for ameliorating this situation falls squarley upon the corrupt , backwards , and two-faced shoulders of the aggressor -- azerbaijan . 
  armenia has said that the lachin corridor , nkr proper and perhaps some buffer zone area can not be given to azerbaijan for various reasons including security . 
  this does not , in and of itself , exclude the possibility of the return of karabakhis of azeri descent to nkr proper or lachin . 
   azerbaijans , and inb4 its all lies , seriously , will you trust anything ? 
  if you are willing to trust all those documents funded by armenian sources , you have to be willing to trust a similar commission , which keep in mind has no particular reason to inflate the amount of missing . 
  yes , lies . 
  the same azeribaijani dictatorship that inflates and defaltes every death toll or other statistic to suit its needs . 
  the same vile government whose sponsored `` universities '' include `` professors '' who have been admonished by international scholars for their historical revisionism . 
  the same government led by a brutal autocrat who succeeded his father , only of the bloodiest leaders in soviet history and who regularly makes hitler-esque statements about armenians . 
  fuck him and his shit government . 
   ok here is another one that i mentioned earlier . . 
  the fact is you claim to know how the azeris and turks think exactly , i never said that . 
  i said that various members of those two turkic nations often spout anti-armenian racism . 
  such sentiment is unfortunately also found amongst some members of turkish society ; although i never mentioned azeri citizens in this regard , i would n't be surprised if some of them have borne hate in their hearts for armenians due to decades of government `` edification . '', 
   while there is no way that the armenians harbor any resentment ' resentment for those who deny the armenian holocaust and those that gave the orders to invade karabakh and kills armenian civilians after those civilians democratically voted to gain independence from the ussr ? 
  yes , armenians have plenty of resentment for such cretin . 
   to claim that there is no hatred is fucking insane , guess what , both fucking hate each other . 
  not true . 
  i 'm not sure what your background is , but i have friends of turkish descent here in the us who are great people . 
  we have zero hate for eachother . 
  i have n't met an azeri , but as far as i can tell they are similar to iranians , and therefore would likely get along with me as well . 
   they had a shit ton to lose because of nationalism interestingly , by saying this you 're implicitly stating that a significant portion of their followers are anti-armenian . 
  i 'm not sure i would go that far . 
   unless jesus christ comes down from the heavens and says it is the right thing to do , i dont buy it . 
  somebody can be smart on one topic and an idiot on another , testimonials are nothing . 
  de zayas and others do not produce testimonials , but rather well-reasoned legal analyses by which a court could be persuaded to act . 
   the madid principles you linked to said that internal refugees will be able to return home , not external ( international refugees ) . 
  i said it like eight times at this point . 
  that 's all very vague and generally could be argued to refer only to azeris former from the karabakh region and their descendants . 
  as i said the azeri dictatorship will never allow for a return of armenians to baku . 
  until a government that is capable of proper negotiation is installed or come to fuition via democratic norms , i do n't see a reason for armenia to make any statements . 
   thats why you said `` racist azeri war mongers , '' you dont use plurals for government . 
  seriously , you dont give a fuck about the azeris . 
  what the hell is wrong with you . 
  i 'm glad you calmed down your childish rhetoric and bolded words . 
  i was clearly referring to members of the azeri regime . 
  average citizens ca n't and do n't make wars .   death olympics , ok , cool , and anyway more azeri civilians are listed missing by the state commission whose state commission ? 
   also , how the fuck do you know how it is in armenia ? 
  because i know armenia very well . 
  i also know many people , including family , who lived in yerevan for nearly their entire lives . 
  their article you cited only mentions two times where there was negative sentiment -- the small battles in the early 1900s and the karabakh invasion by azerbaijan . 
  i do n't imagine that average azeri necessarily had negative attitudes about their fellow armenians in baku . 
  armenians communities the world over a generally well-respected . 
  there is the issue of azeri being muslim , but i do n't find that they 're very zealous . 
   you mean the chp that just had an armenian minority member elected to parliament ? 
  oh , that one , akp did it too . 
  i love how you know exactly the tone in turkey , i 'm simply basing it off of the words used by turkish politicians . 
  the word `` armenian '' is thrown around as as slur . 
  the election of armenians for the first time since 1960 is nothing more than a political ploy to garner votes during a time when there was one of the most important electoral races in turkish history . 
  for example , newly elected turkish mp of armenian descent , garo paylan , just yesterday said that [ `` first and foremost , the crime of genocide must be acknowledged in turkey , armenian identity should be resolved and *** animosity towards armenia should end . 
  '' *** ] ( http://massispost.com/2015/06/mp-garo-paylan-vows-to-fight-against-genocide-denial/ )  you mean the chp i meant the mhp . 
  as i mentioned in this thread , i hope that the election of these three members of parliament is a step in the direction towards armenian genocide recognition , restitution and reconciliation between the two peoples . 
  that does not change the fact that anti-armenian sentiment exists among the political elite and likely among some of the nationalist masses . 
   ok , but you expect me to provide scholars accepting an international norm . 
  you can find papers on anything , again , there is no `` international norm '' with respect to the application of the un genocide convention retroactively . 
  there may be such through via other instruments , but that does n't necessarily have too much bearing on the genocide convention . 
  if you do n't want to even read the documents by de zayas and others , but simply ignore their analysis and conclusions , then your objectivity and intention is obvious .
