  it ca n't be that bad . 
  what year is this ? 
   really nice source you cherry pick one piece to castigate the entire news organization ? 
  there were reporters on the ground in az who reported . 
   and do n't act like armenia is any less of a corrupt undemocratic country . 
  as compared to az ? 
  of course armenia is more democractic , although still corrupt . 
  it 's not a familial dictatorship with one of the worst human rights records in the world . 
  it 's rated significantly higher than az by freedom house , transparency international , reporters without borders et al. 
  there 's no comparison there . 
  why is lifenews.ru `` total bs ? '', 
  their reporters were on the ground in azerbaijan reporting this , until they were kicked out of the country after the revelation . 
  15 % of azeris are sunni . 
  that 's over a million people . 
  hmm . . right . 
  isis fighters are all rational . 
  also , i 'm sure many can separate and compartmentalize religion/ethnicity to justify many actions as it suits them . 
  azerbaijan has used jihadists against armenia before . 
  the will of the majority of the karabakh populace is what counts . 
  the azeri minority was welcome to join them . 
  those four un resolutions had most countries either abstaining or voting against . 
  there were various anti-armenian massacres by azerbaijanis during the war , many away from fighting : kirovabad massacre , baku massacre , maragha massacre , sumgayit massacre . 
  this all could 've been prevented if azerbaijan respected the will of the karabakh people to secede from the ussr and reunite with armenia as had been the case before stalin 's separation . 
  considering roughly 200 civilians died in the khojaly battle according to human rights watch , i doubt it . 
  are you telling me that continued anti-armenian pronouncements by aliyev are not the same cause of that hatred ? 
  not surprising considering azerbaijan used jihadist mujahadeen fighters during their invasion in the first [ karabakh war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war ) . 
  how does a population have this much hatred ? 
  authoritarian indoctrination ? 
  i think he was referring to the two authoritarian turkic governments in ankara and baku . 
  please do n't compare political systems . 
  sargsyan may be corrupt but he 's no dictator . 
  armenia does n't run as an authoritarian dynasty . 
  the economy is recovering at a decent pace since the 2008 collapse . 
  she do n't have the long-term pitfall of relying on one commodity ( in azerbaijan 's case oil ) for 90 % of exports . 
  armenia also has the high ground in their defensive positions and have kept up with military parity . 
  aliyev 's aggression is nothing more than an attempt to shore up public opinion and prevent riots over the economic calamity ensuing in his country . 
  i 'm quite relaxed . 
  you 're simply desperate in your attempts to paint a picture that does n't exist . 
  try using something other 12 year old articles . 
  karabakh 's self-defense forces wiped the floor with azerbaijan 's military in the 90 's and will happily do so again . 
  what you dictator should realize is that the only way forward is toward democracy and peace , not more azeri offensives and the jailing of journalists . 
  so one comment , taken out of context , ** 12 years ago ** , means armenia is a russian outpost ? 
  is that all you got ? 
  except go back on his word to open the border without preconditions but including the karabakh-azerbaijan conflict as a precondition . 
  did you mean outpost ? 
  and which azeri media outlet misquoted that anyway ? 
  doubt he ever said anything of the sort . 
  armenia has a burgeoning tech sector and does n't rely on one single good of export to sustain its economy . 
  furthermore , they have relations with both russia and europe , and are in no way a `` colony . '', 
  but i know that it makes you feel better about your situation and military defeats/embarrassments to paint it as so . 
  whatever makes you feel better . 
  keep up your desperate attacks while we laugh at your tumbling economy and feel despair for your human rights situation . 
  armenia may be an imperfect democracy , but they do have power sharing and haven had leadership from multiple political parties . 
  azerbaijan has a long way to go to shed its familial hereditary system . 
  that 's not how democracy works . 
  aliyev 's keyboard warriors be warned . 
  you can quickly look up every single fact i mentioned . 
  cute response though ... 
  the people of nk have already made up their minds on how they wish to be governed . 
  join them or join azerbaijan . 
  there will never be another choice . 
  azaris in iran are well integrated and have iranian roots despite speaking a turkic language . 
  why would they wish to join a foreign country ? 
  furthermore , should the talysh minority in azerbaijan break off and join their iranian brethren ? 
  what about the avar minority in the north of azerbaijan ? 
  author of this wonderful piece happened to choose the worst pictures possible ? 
  what 's the agenda here ? 
  so they attempt to invade , get repelled all while losing multiple tanks/drones and call for a `` truce . '', 
  i 'm calling bullshit on this whole operation . 
  this is nothing more than azerbaijan 's dictator aliyev attempting to pull the wool over his peoples ' eyes and pretend that they are in a state of war to overshadow their faltering economy amid low oil prices . 
  kim jong-un would be proud . 
   the law is the last thing on anyones mind really . 
  international law and precedent give everyone a baseline as to what acceptable behavior is . 
  perhaps dictator aliyev should take heed . 
  nk has a fine self-defense forces , a grow economy and population ( 10 % boom in last 10 years ) , a democratically elected parliament and great friends ( orthodox states -- russia , serbia , greece , armenia etc. 
  and has been accepted by various countries ' provinces including 5 us states ) . 
   t this submission gets downvoted so much . 
  apparently some people think that if they ignore reality they do not like , the no . 
  the right to self determination is well enshrined in international law . 
  the nk population overwhelmingly passed a referendum to seceded from the ussr and join an independent armenia . 
  after this democratic vote , newly formed azerbaijan attempted an invasion . 
  the rightful owners of nk are the people of nk . 
  no one wants a repeat of fate of the once majority armenian population of nakhijevan . 
  independent azerbaijan never controlled nk . 
  when will azerbaijan return nakhijevan ? 
   and i will be satisfied when we will regain total control over it . 
  say goodbye to your entire oil infrastructure then . 
  armenians would 've gladly allowed your family to stay and live in their new republic after the fall of the ussr . 
  blame your dictators . 
  why do you forget to mention the ethnic cleansing of armenians from nakhijevan ? 
  should armenians claim that territory ? 
   i hope not what armenians did with azerbaijanis who refused to accept their rule in azerbaijan . 
  like what azeris did to indigenous armenians in the historically armenian region of nakhijevan ? 
  the war has been more or less frozen for decades , except for small skirmishes . 
  this latest azerbaijani opening of major hostilities against the nagorno karabakh republic 's self-defense forces change that status quo . 
  it 's in all likelihood due to dictator aliyev 's panic at his economy collapsing due to oil prices that are well below levels needed to sustain his banana republic . 
  armenia has no reason to want anything but peace . 
  furthermore , while elections are n't perfect , it is n't a dictatorship ala aliyev 's . 
  the nagorno karabakh people held a referendum to secede from the soviet union and it passed . 
  they were then invaded by newly independent azerbaijan .
