  he 's been ridiculed in the academic community ( primarily non-armenians ) as an armenian holocaust denier by yair aoun , israel charny and others . 
  he is on the board of the institute of turkish studies which is funded directly by the turkish government and is a hate-mongering denial organisation ( let 's see how you spin that one ) . 
  he 's even given [ an armenian genocide denial speech ] ( http://www.mfa.gov.tr/presentation-by-prof_-justin-mccarthy-at-the-tgna-on-_the-reality-of-armenian-issue_-conference-on-march-24_-2005_.en.mfa ) at the turkish national assembly . 
  quick questions . 
  i 'm curious . 
  are you an armenian holocaust denier ? 
  also , in your estimation , would it not have been better for western armenia to secede from the ottoman empire as greece and bulgaria did instead of all the bloodshed ? 
  surely no humane turk ( non-grey-wolves-national or islamist ) could justify slaughtering the elderly , women and children to create turkish `` pureness '' among the populace in the armenian highlands and anatolia ( which is rich considering a large percentage of turks have armenian lineage ) . 
  that books claims that balkan 's government attempted genocides against muslims prior to ww1 ? 
   the book describes how genocidal rape was widely employed as a weapon of war in the balkans . 
  what do you mean `` genocidal rape ? '', 
  rape is common in all wars and conflicts . 
  i think you 're referring to the [ persecution of ottoman muslims ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/persecution_of_ottoman_muslims ) . 
  the difference here is largely that ottoman muslims had ottoman military support in their conflicts with formerly subjugated balkans ' peoples ' while armenian were largely an unarmed minority seeking equal rights ( with some revolutionary groups no doubt ) . 
  unfortunately the only attempts at scholarly work that i 've seen on this topic have been from turkish government sponsored puppets such as armenian holocaust denier justin mccarthy . 
  i 'll take a look at your book . 
   this happened in the autumn of 1912 , which is earlier than the kerosene events that you reference above . 
  what does it have to do with armenian genocide though ? 
  also , i 'm not aware of government orchestrated and systematic campaigns of genocide against muslims in the balkans in the early 1900s . 
  i would n't exactly compare it with the armenian genocide . 
  turkic uygur man with ties to the grey wolves was suspected of the [ 2015 bangkok bombings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2015_bangkok_bombing ) . 
  he reportedly carried out the attacks because the thai government deported uygur terrorists back to china to stand trial . 
  china has a turkic terrorist problem . 
   are you suggesting that kerosene was systematically used to burn people ? 
  yes . 
  it 's common knowledge that kerosene was one method of killing . 
  [ here 's a site ] ( http://www.genocide1915.info/history/ ) that notes that on 2/19/1915 kerosene was distributed to police stations to be used for burning individual christians . 
  [ mass burnings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide#mass_burnings ) were very common during the armenian holocaust ; along with drowning and poisoning . 
  `` tehcir law '' was merely a cover up to pretend that everyone was to be sent on death marches ( referred to as `` relocation '' ) . 
  as mentioned in the article , one ottoman officer described in an affidavit that `` the shortest method for disposing of the women and children concentrated in the various [ death ] camps was to burn them . '', 
  turkey needs a lot of humility and has a lot of healing to do . 
  the callous and pro-genocidal responses to the bundestag 's resolution are indicative of a morally broken society . 
   problem is that it was everything but a relocation , so the latter part of his quote sounds pretty much psychopatic . 
  psychopathic you say ? 
  he is the leaders of a political party ( mhp ) that has an active terrorist wing ( grey wolves ) that recently carried out a terror attack in thailand on behalf of turkic peoples in the region . 
   in the case of the armenians , i wonder why it was necessary to force even the women and children to march through the desert in many cases women were raped and killed , sometimes burned with kerosene instead of sent on death marches to the syrian deserts without food or water . 
  in other instances women and children were drowned in rivers . 
  the whole `` relocation '' myth is a pathetic attempt at denial . 
  sometimes i wonder if he 's secretly armenian . 
   now brussels is allowing, 
  disturbing revisionist undertones in this trailer . 
  how sad the creators of this `` film '' are seemingly attempting to take away the limelight from the new armenian genocide movie , the promise by rushing to release this in the same year . 
  `` this war will split anatolia in half . 
  turks on one side , armenians on the other '' . 
  classic turkish armenian genocide denial drivel -- attempting to claim that there was a war between armenian peasants and the ottoman turkish army amidst the actual war , world war i. downvote this shit to hell . 
  hmm . 
  interesting . 
  what are europeans ' opinions on immigration from eastern christian countries , such as georgia and armenia ? 
  is there a general disdain towards anyone not `` traditionally '' european ? 
   there are many nations who are using words and names from the other nations though , that 's the point . 
  not specifically urartian names . 
  armenia is the only nation that uses urartian names and common words today . 
   it 's absurd to claim that armenians are urartus . 
  armenians are great nation without having some ties to urartus anyway . 
  what is absurd is to claim that armenia have no connection to the urartian people . 
  it may turn out to be the case after new findings that urartians were absorbed into proto-armenian society . 
  you ca n't be so conclusory . 
   there was n't any order , the consequences that would follow were clear to turkish leadership should they unleash the kurds . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
   you do n't need to find such myths for being a sacred nation , but anyway . 
  what myths buddy ? 
  no nations uses urartian first names . 
  the names of various urartian kings have been continuously in use in armenia untli today ; such as aram , arghisti and menua to name only three . 
  furthermore , we still use our old urartian words in basic language such as the words for apple ( khndzor ) or eagle ( arciv ) . 
  armenians are an amalgam of indigenous urartuans and indo-european speaking peoples . 
   nothing of a usage in here , they were just let free to do whatever they want . 
  you 're splitting hairs . 
  i 'm not going to engage in any of the armenian holocaust / white washing tactics . 
   by the way , while it 's off-topic , does any armenian still believes to be descendants of the urartus ? 
  since you know , their language is not even indo-european and the most reasonable thing is them being northeast caucasians and being related to vainakhs ... 
  certainly . 
  armenians still use urartuan first names and many urartuan words . 
  poor taste ? 
  yes , they were seen as purely ottoman -- on the same stature as turks -- so much so that the majority of them were slaughtered . 
  no , the distinction is on point . 
   hamidian massacres of armenians for instance were largely committed by ethnic kurds . 
  ethnic kurds were used with turkish leaders as * tools * in exterminating armenians during both the hamidian massacres and the armenian holocaust . 
  they were repulsed by clinton 's corruption , war mongering , and disingenuousness . 
  larp ? 
  hardly . 
  those who have legitimate claims must be encouraged to pursue them . 
  genocide repentance does not end with recognition . 
  time for greeks to fight for their rights in asia minor : occupied properties , churches , business , cultural heritage sites and full and clear recognition of the greek genocide . 
   daily chart  even britain 's youngsters have a cynical view of the eu  britain 's pro-brussels brigade still looks eurosceptic when compared with other europeans of a similar age  may 12th 2017  few variables predict the british public 's views on europe better than age . 
  in the brexit referendum last year , a mere 36 % of 18 - to 24-year-olds voted to leave the european union , compared with 82 % of those over 55 . 
  eurosceptics caricature british youth as unthinking champions of the pan-european ideal , who blindly support every new regulation that comes out of brussels . 
  however , a new survey conducted by yougov , a pollster , on behalf of the tui foundation , a non-profit organisation , provides a sharply different perspective . 
  when compared with similarly-aged respondents on the mainland , british youngsters look far more like their brexit-backing elders than like globalist cosmopolitans . 
   yougov asked 16 - to 26-year-olds in seven countries ( britain , france , germany , greece , italy , poland and spain ) a series of questions regarding their views of europe . 
  like other young europeans , britons do favour remaining in the eu . 
  nonetheless , only 17 % of young britons see the eu as an opportunity to understand other cultures , the lowest share of any country polled . 
  in contrast , 35 % said they viewed it as a means of bolstering their own country 's strength on the world stage . 
  that rate was 2.5 times higher than the average for the survey as a whole . 
   moreover , for many young britons , europe means something different than it does for their continental counterparts -- quite literally . 
  when asked what they think of when they hear the word `` europe '' , 71 % say the mass of countries on the continent and just 21 % say the eu . 
  the averages across all countries were 56 % and 36 % respectively ; in france , the figures were 43 % and 49 % . 
  even when focusing on the young , britons are still among the eu 's most reluctant europeans . 
  encourage the development of non-profits that push the growth of a reform movement amongst muslim migrants in europe . 
  and strongly push for assimilation . 
  in any case , allowing terrorist-sponsoring states to build radical mosques in your countries will lead to disaster .
