  ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/2010/12/are-turks-acculturated-armenians/ ), 
  in both instances muslims were invading forces . 
  they naturally would 've been seen as outsiders in medieval europe . 
  but that 's not an apt comparison . 
  at least for armenians , and i would also argue for byzantine greeks , they were the de facto indigenous people of asia minor . 
  this has a far greater significance when we talk about the cultural cleansing and destruction that to took place as compared to muslim invasion of europe , the muslim influence on some countries of europe and then decline and forced expulsion of muslims . 
  going back to the nationalist issue , you ca n't ever properly disconnect religion from anti-armenian/greek policies of ottoman turks . 
  ethnicity and religion were intertwined , as they still are . 
  ah yes , we all know about famous ottoman tolerance : anti-christian taxing ( in attempt to coerce conversoin ) , massacres , and population displacement . 
  also , you 'll need to go back further than the ottomans to discuss this . 
  i 'm curious , do your people realize that their ancestors were armenians and greeks though ? 
  ataturk is irrelevant here . 
  there were always religious elements to repression during the ottoman empire including during the armenian genocide . 
  enver pasha 's forces were n't called the `` army of islam '' for nothing . 
  part nationalism , part religious ... same effect in the end, 
  are you comparing , for example , the chritianization of armenia from its pagan roots via the armenian leadership/kings starting around 301 ad , to the turkic occupation of armenia/byzantine empire , forced islamization/turkification and eventual genocides ? 
  no of those cases had one religion at near 100 % for over 1000 years go to less than 1 % . 
   ( even though we probably have more ancient anatolian genetic ancestry than greeks ) . 
  i think you mean greek , armenian and assyrian ancestry . 
  lol at calling it `` ancient anatolian . '', 
   edit : honesty , if turkey happened to be christian , asia minor probably would be considered as europe . 
  asia minor used to be majority christian for over a millennia until slow , forced islamization , massacres , & genocides that europe turned a blind eye to . 
  genocidescholars.org are truly a world-class group of scholars . 
  ca n't find bias in a group with membership spanning nearly all continents , races and religions . 
   i got the number off of wikipedia . 
  that number references one source and is about forces later on in the fighting when many armenians fleeing the genocide joined the fight in defense . 
   those are allegations . 
  what are the sources ? 
  armenians are quite well organized in the us , and they also spent millions on their own narrative . 
  armenians do n't need to spend much money . 
  us congressmen know the facts . 
  furthermore , we have the vast majority of world scholars on the right side of history . 
  it 's not exactly some sort of battle of narratives here . 
  [ turkey has in the past paid $ 70,000 a month and $ 100,000 a month in lobbying against armenian genocide recognition ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/03/03/ar2010030303786.html ) [ other source ] ( https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/intelligence-report/2008/state-denial ) [ other source ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/turkey-lobbyists-armenia_us_56fd85a6e4b0a06d58054b16 )  whatever floats your boat i guess . 
  though i do get confused by the frequent interchange of holocaust and genocide that you engage in . 
  it 's just obvious that you 're a shameless and ignorant denier with an axe to grind . 
  the event can be referred to as the armenian holocaust or the armenian genocide . 
  take your pick . 
   so according to you no turks and kurds died during the russian invasion of eastern anatolia ? 
  it is hard to live somewhere , when you are being killed and massacred , is n't it ? 
  i 'm sure civilians died . 
  i would never doubt that . 
  i 'm sure russian civilians died on the austro-hungarian front as well . 
  that does n't mean austro-hungary was attempting a genocide against russians . 
   besides modern armenia is not the best example of a tolerant and multicultural country . 
  remind me again how many azeri turks live in areas controlled by armenia today ? 
  the same number of armenians left in baku : zero . 
  it 's unfortunate what happened after azerbaijan invaded the newly formed nagorno karabakh republic which legally seceded from the ussr via democratic referendum . 
  the difference between the countries today is that those with armenian blood can not enter azerbaijan . 
   but that does not mean that turks should accept blanket generalization and lies . 
  no one said you should . 
  just be open to facts and detach yourself from turkic nationalism . 
  the entire civilized world is against your `` position '' and `` narrative '' in regards to the armenian holocaust . 
   well , i am all for armenians being allowed to return and live in their ancestral lands as equals , but they have to do so as turkish citizens under the sovereignty of the turkish republic . 
  turkey will never give up its land or territory . 
  the indigenous armenians lost their lands , wealth , and all cultural possessions these all remain occupied . 
  besides that , the turkish government continues to insult the memory of our ancestors who perished in targeted genocidal killings . 
  armenians would love to return to our ancestral homeland , western armenia , but not under the current nationalist climate . 
  perhaps one day everything will be returned and armenians can have some sort of autonomous state or confederation with turkey . 
  what i can tell you though , is that no armenian will take turkish citizenship to simply move back into their familial homes on their own fucking homeland to be ruled by the descendants of invaders . 
   in fact there were a at least 150,000 of them according to sources `` sources . '', 
  please show me where there were 150,000 armenians volunteers between 1915 and 1917 ( during the armenian holocaust ) . 
   mccarthy may have made some mistakes , but that does not nullify all his work . 
  again , when one works for organizations sponsored by a government that spends millions of dollars denying the existence of an event , that person can not be seen as impartial in regards to that event . 
  this is partly why non-armenian historians ridicule mccarthy . 
  he is patently a turkish government mouthpiece . 
  also , i never said you needed to take armenian scholars are wholly unbiased either . 
  the majority of the international association of genocide scholars are non-armenians . 
  any armenian holocaust denier in the us is either from turkey , has the chair at the university which they sit paid for by the turkish government or is a member of groups sponsored by the turkish government . 
   what a loaded question . 
  only loaded for an armenian holocaust denier . 
  thanks . 
  got my answer and now i know what i 'm dealing with here . 
   yes , it would have been wonderful ... for the armenians . 
  not so for the turks and kurds that lived there . 
  why is that ? 
  please tell us , when in the 400 years of ottoman subjugation of western armenia . 
  did armenians plan and/or execute mass killings of kurds and turks . 
  turks and kurds could 've lived peacefully as armenian citizens . 
   a few dead turks and kurds is an acceptable price for bigger more glorious armenia . 
  nice pathetic deflection . 
  no one wanted/wants dead turks/kurds ( funny that a turk cares about kurds all of a sudden ) . 
  in fact , my family lived side-by-side with their turkish neighbors for decades/centuries without an issue . 
  i 'd never heard that generation speak ill of their former turkish neighbors . 
  ultimately , this is n't about ordinary people but the ottomans who carried out our holocaust and successive successor turkish governments denying it and continuing the holocaust via cultural cleansing . 
  armenians simply wanted equal rights and the ability to maintain their populace on their ancestral lands as the indigenous people of those lands without the eventual and slow demographic annihilation being wrought by successive turkish governments . 
  same thing happened in many instances with armenians . 
   are you claiming that armenians sought equal status within the ottoman empire and did not want to establish a monoethnic state ? 
  a bit passive aggressive are n't we ? 
  yes , armenians primarily sought equal rights as christians were heavily discriminated against particularly with the jizha tax and other work discrimination etc. 
  some armenian leaders did want autonomy or the perhaps independence for western armenia from centuries of oppression and targeted demographic dilution efforts under ottoman yoke . 
  of course , this did n't merely begin in 1914 during ww1 . 
  armenians were slaughtered for example by sultan abdul hamid from 1894-1896 resulting in the deaths of 300,000 . 
  and in adana in 1909 . 
   do you know what the composition of that army was ? 
  the composition of the russian army were made up primarily of russian citizens between 1915-1918 ( during the armenian genocide ) . 
  there were armenian volunteers if that 's what you 're getting at . 
   and , by the way , slandering respected scholars like mccarthy only reveals your own biases . 
  you ca n't expect to be taken seriously with this . 
  justin mccarthy has for years been known to be in the pocket of the turkish government .
