  bbc , france 24 ? 
    you need a citation for claiming `` mit scientists [ have stated ] it is physically impossible for the missiles to have come from government territory '' . 
  i doubt are you kidding ? 
  [ cite ] ( http://web.mit.edu/sts/analysis%20of%20the%20un%20report%20on%20syria%20cw.pdf ), 
  stop exaggerating . 
  certainly people should n't be afraid on a daily basis when going about their lives . 
  at the same time , people and by extension government , downplaying these threats as on the same level of car wrecks is delusional . 
  keep ignoring the particular points i 'm making with your generalist bullshit . 
  terrorism is a long-term problem which could tremendously affect people in europe . 
  your argument about the current low casualties misses the point . 
  anyway i 'm done . 
  you 're disgusting . 
  instead of helping democratize iraq via a power sharing deal between sectarian groups ( during sadaam 's reign or after ) we created a power vacuum that allowed outside forces to funnel their terrorists in and fight proxy wars . 
  those deaths were not at all inevitable . 
   d people be worried ? 
  you do realize that being worried is what they want , right ? 
  they want you to be worried and paranoid of muslims so that everyone will segregate them out of fear and force them to do something , i.e. 
  more terrorist attacks . 
  listen boy . 
  terrorism is an asymmetric threat that can grow if not checked , especially if countries in europe are not properly vetting immigrants from muslim countries and not integrating them properly . 
  ignore all that at your peril . 
  cars ca n't keep making larger bombs . 
  cars ca n't one day acquire nuclear weapons . 
  what an inane comment . 
  countries control for road deaths etc. 
  by passing legislation meant to curb such possibilities . 
  attacks by terrorist group can grow in rate and degree exponentially faster and pose a much more nuanced threat . 
  saudi arabian terrorists kill 3000 of ours on 9/11 , we overthrow sadaam causing the deaths of 500,000 innocent iraqi civilians and the destruction of much of their infrastructure . 
  brilliant logic . 
  let 's keep pressing the same neocon mentality . 
  hillary 2016 edit : / s, 
  still seems like your justifying saudi targeting of civilians in yemen . 
  well except that they are a part of the us `` coalition '' , buy and use us weaponry and are n't called out for spreading islamist fundamentalism across the globe via madrassas . 
  oh and that whole supporting terrorists in syria thing ... 
  are you saying that the saudis have n't hit civilian targets in yemen for the purpose of terrorism the population into submission ? 
   after reading a bit about it it kinda reminds me of the whole azerbaijan - armenia thing ... good point . 
  you 'd be surprised at the extent of the parallels . 
  the authoritarian governments in azerbaijan and fyrom are quite similar in regard to falsifications to create a historical narrative that makes them feel good . 
   it does sound like empty excuse . 
  as i said , long story , but authoritarian , bordering totalitarian political atmosphere is not the right ambient to have debates about the identity and history . 
  if nothing is changing though , does n't that mean that your `` authoritarian '' leadership still holds power ? 
  ultimately if the sentiment of the public at large does n't really matter . 
  i also wonder if those in your current and recent political atmosphere have had an affect on public school education policies regards these historical issues . 
   about the statues and the airport name , obviously you are not familiar with the political situation here . 
  long story . 
  that 's admittedly true , but it sounds like you 're making excuses . 
   and we do n't claim that he is ours . 
  your statues and some historians say otherwise . 
  that sucks man . 
  i 've met some people from fyrom here in the us and they 're some of the funnest people to go to a bar with . 
  but some of them also insist that alexander was not greek etc etc. 
   and the airport name is from 2007 why have n't you changed the name then ? 
  what about the statues and ridiculous `` historians '' you have ? 
  would your countrymen agree to taking down statues of alexander and stop appropriating greek history in exchange for being allowed to use the name ? 
  `` security officials said on monday . '', 
  unreliable sourcing . 
  soviet legacy . 
  the one area where the soviets led over the west was equality for women in powerful positions . 
  i 've always wondered if atheism and the lack of religious subjugation of women played/plays a role . 
  edit : grammar, 
   it is no secret that turkey does not want to share border with syria ruled by a dictatorship and controlled by iran & russia . 
  erdogan 's not too far away and i 'm sure syrians feel the same . 
   but after arab spring , usa saw the opportunity and forced erdogan to support rebels and turn against syria & assad . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  care to provide a source ? 
   but isis made 80 % of it 's fight against free syrian army and other rebels !, 
  i do n't know about `` 80 % '' but much of it has too do with geography . 
  take a took at the fighting maps . 
  most of the so-called `` rebels '' are in between the syrian army and daesh . 
   when isis attack mosul , iraqi army withdrew , they did not fire even one single bullet . 
  so isis captured mosul with 1000 people and 10 toyota pick-ups . 
  the reasons for this have been explained by the us government . 
  the troops were untrained and lacked the same motivation and fervor to give their lives . 
  they 've since taken much territory back from daesh . 
   right now they are economically in very deep shit , and this is happening because of pyd/ypg & iraqi central government using isis as a tool . 
  the krd and pyd are a part of the kck . 
  they have no reason for animosity , except for barzani ( who i hear is n't liked very much ) . 
  do n't kurds will have their independence in south-eastern turkey eventually . 
  next after them will be the alevis . 
  have fun . 
   so it is time to stop your persian propaganda . 
  i 'm not persian . 
  i 'm an armenian with roots in the armenian highland ( aka eastern turkey ) . 
  * help prevent kurds from gaining autonomy/stability in northern syria , thereby preventing their assistance to kurds in turkey . 
  * exacerbate an already difficulty situation for assad ( an erdogan enemy ) * prevent the solidification of iranian influence from afghanistan to the mediterranean . 
  isis is great for turkey as long as the blowback on turkey itself is kept to a minimum . 
  turkish ultra-nationalist downvote brigading on '' / r/europe '' is a serious problem . 
  are you being oppressed ? 
  look , even actual armenians would think you are nuts mate what ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  buzz off . 
  of course people can change their minds , it 's just a bit specious when we 're talking about a politician and when it mirrors public sentiment in his party . 
  excuse me ? 
  you 're the shitstain that posts anti-armenian racist drivel on / r/armenia . 
  i 'm not banned on / r/turkey . 
  i left after some mods decided to delete legitimate submissions of mine and censor me instead of having debate . 
  you can critique the article instead of making personal attacks . 
  this certainly is not the first time turkish intelligence have been caught working with isis higher-ups . 
  very true in terms of gay marriage . 
  or as he says , his thoughts `` evolve '',
