  there was last minute pressure from aliyev to include nkr as a precondition when erdogan had originally agreed to no preconditions . 
   yeah , if you think that is the case you are overly optimistic i 'm not the one who 's hoping here . 
  military parity is relatively even . 
  i 'm not opposed to ceding land to azerbaijan for peace , but you need two sides to negotiate . 
  one side is engaging in warfare to attempt to push a maximalist agenda in future negotiations which is only hardening the karabakh side . 
   the un definition ? 
  if they are not allowed back its ethnic cleansing . 
  period . 
  and i posted one but you claimed it was illegitimate for no reason whatsoever you posted a un definition ? 
  no one said that civilians who fled are not allowed to go back . 
  what i can tell you though , is that armenian from wealthy parts of baku who lost their properties are not allowed to go back . 
  no one with armenian blood is allowed entry to azerbaijani territory . 
   allow the people back into their homes while simultaneously protecting the nkr and the corridor ? 
  you ca n't do that with aliyev in power . 
  the man has threatened to wipe out yerevan of armenians . 
   stop conflating the area around the nkr with the nkr . 
  im not stupid . 
  what ? 
  i was referring to ethic cleansing in nakhijevan potentially repeating itself if armenians only have a small corridor of access by land to karabakh . 
  check a map . 
   so not a strong incentive when turkey is right there and far more connected to the world economy . 
  turkey did n't seem to think that this was an issue when first signing the protocols which did n't include nkr . 
   russia offered to allow in peacekeepers . 
  armenia rejected it . 
  russia offered russian peacekeepers . 
  but for what reason ? 
  armenia/karabakh have no reason to fight . 
  azerbaijan will not stop its bellicosity and remove the sniper from the border . 
  stop ignoring the fact that they are the ones instigating violence . 
  if it were up to armenians you had have no a single bullet nor shell fired . 
   oil will go back up eventually . 
  and that means more money for weapons , smaller population on top of that . 
  azerbaijan hit peak oil in 2010 . 
  also with iranian production increasing , it 's unlikely that oil prices will go back up to where they were any time soon and azerbaijan does n't have much time . 
  it 's only downhill from here and armenia can keep buying weapons for pennies from russia . 
   because armenian ethnic cleansing is sooo much better . 
  again , provide one source with empirical study that concludes that civilians fleeing due to war is ethnic cleansing . 
  armenians fled as well . 
  this is n't comparable to azerbaijan 's isis tactics . 
   you 're repeating the same argument over and over again , that can be boiled down to exactly that . 
  i suppose i could say the same thing . 
  respond to a point i 've made or do n't . 
  generalized bullshit i dont respond well to . 
   or a un peacekeeping force that has been offered 50 fucking times . 
  that does not mean the nkr gets annexed to azerbaijan at all . 
  and i 'm sure you feel the same about cyprus occupying empty cities for bargaining power too !, 
  a peacekeeping force for what ? 
  the karabakh side has zero interest in fighting . 
  they have what they want . 
  they have put the table the notion that both sides should pull snipers from the frontline . 
  what does aze do ? 
  snipe people . 
  and aliyev threatens to conquer yerevan . 
  cut the crap . 
   no they should not . 
  the surrounding territories were azeri territory before , and they should be azeri territory after . 
  anything else except a small bit to make it a non enclave is literally settler colonialism it was territory that had changed hands many times over the past century and was given to aze by stalin . 
  armenia would never allow karabakh to be wiped out of its armenian population as the indigenous armenian population of nakhijevan was . 
  having only a `` small bit '' of territory connecting to armenia does not ensure military stability for karabakh and not a single armenian can trust anti-armenian aliyev or any successor of his . 
   armenia will then literally have no incentive to negotiate if turkey opens up its border . 
  the incentive is to stop the loss of life and the reintegration of the armenian and azeri economies . 
  anyway , what i 'm waiting for is a russian thumping of turkey to settle all of these issues . 
  i do n't expect either sultan erdogan or sultan aliyev to ever not be anti-armenian or be a fair negotiator . 
  time is on armenia 's side . 
  we can keep going back and forth on this about what should or should n't happen theoretically , but ultimately the only thing that will change the status quo is the collapse of the azeri oil economy and a revolution towards democracy . 
  until then , fuck aliyev , fuck the azeri military 's isis tactics of beheadings etc. 
  and do n't expect any breakthroughs . 
   you 're entire argument remains a whataboutisms `` yeah azerbaijan is more shit '' is not a valid argument . 
  nope . 
  nice glossing over everything with the term `` whataboutism . '', 
  the only way this issue gets resolved is with the assasination of aliyev or revolution that leads to democracy and sensible leadership in aze . 
  with the hatred that has been engendered in aze over decades against armenians there is no safe way for karabakh armenians to join aze , besides the fact that they voted not to . 
  also , surrounding territories should be negotiated over . 
  a tribunal could be setup to determine everything that took place against civilians in sumgayit , kirovabad , maraga , baku and khojaly . 
  in any case , turkey should n't be blackmailed by aliyev over this issue . 
  the protocols originally did n't include the nkr issue and armenia did n't include genocide recognition/reparations . 
  both sides need to get back to that position and open the border . 
   they have not agreed to allow them to have any vote in the say of independence . 
  even if it is nominal , that seriously implies second class citizenship . 
  i 've read statement from nkr leaders that have . 
  the problem is the aliyev intends on flooding nkr with azeris , some of whom are n't even from nkr , to change the demographics to his favor which has been the azeri intention for decades . 
  also azerbaijan will not agree to such a referendum unless nkr self-dissolves first which is not possible . 
   ok , but that is trying to say the only reason that there were any azeris in the surrounding area around the nkao was because of the soviets . 
  that is patently false . 
  what ? 
  no read again . 
  i 'm talking about nkao . 
   literally does not matter . 
  if you slaughter civilians and force them out of a area , that means ethnic cleansing . 
  literally motivation does not matter . 
  like i said , more should have been done to tell villagers that there was an incoming attack where azeri forces were shelling from . 
   literally does not matter to the civilians and a whataboutism . 
  context matters . 
  refugees became refugees because of the war azerbaijan unleashed . 
  they are principally to blame . 
   not kill them ? 
  hold them prisoner ? 
  the fact that they did not take one azeri prisoner is rather telling ... azeris were bombing stepanakert 's civilian population from the khojali areas purposefully . 
  [ according to reports from human rights watch , khojaly was used as a base for azerbaijani forces shelling the city of stepanakert . 
  the indiscriminate shelling and sniper shooting killed or maimed hundreds of civilians , destroyed homes , hospitals and other objects that are not legitimate military targets , and generally terrorized the civilian population . ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre#background ) .
