  government-sponsored mosques which teach some sort of reform-islam and a slow-down in economic migrants from the middle east should help you . 
  reddit forums are primarily made up of kids and the french media will naturally support the establishment candidate ( hollande prot\u00e9g\u00e9 ) . 
  french friends under the age of 25 i presume , ( aka kids who do n't often vote ) . 
  62,984 -- number of turkish trolls brainwashed from a young age into genocide denial by the turkish government . 
  let 's not create a false equivalency here . 
  even if you 're an educated turk who refuses to use the word genocide in reference to the armenian genocide out of pride for your country , you would n't give this film a 1 rating . 
  in fact , the movie was criticized for having a plot too focused on a manufactured `` love triangle '' rather than the genocide itself . 
  hopefully , future movies on this topic will do a better job , but i do n't think imdb ratings will be any more accurate . 
  multiple times, 
  wyoming recently became the 45th state in the union to recognize it . 
  texas , iowa , indiana , alabama and mississippi have yet to , but texas is debating it now . 
  lol , okay bud . 
  which will only support jihadi `` rebels '' funded by terror states ( saudi , qatar , turkey ) . 
  great . 
  present proof of french intelligence having conclusive proof it was assad . 
  let 's go in circles until a full investigation is done to determine who ordered/conducted the attacks , shall we ? 
   i have 0 reason to suspect french intelligence of lying . 
  obviously ... it 's not as if intelligence agencies of superpowers ( or in this case a regional power ) would exaggerate to further their foreign policy goals , justify previous behavior , and appease their masters . 
   westerners `` westerners '', 
   turkey has confirmed the french report . 
  lol . 
  that surely makes it solid . 
  exactly ... let 's instead support jihadists ( fsa , nusra , ahrar al-sham , jaysh al-sham etc. ), 
  who are funded by freedom-living ( 9-11 sponsor states ) countries such as saudi arabia and qatar . 
  also , erdogan 's thugs in northern syria must be fantastic people . 
  it 's embarrassing to see how the american left has been sold a bunch of bullshit on syria by both the left and right ( neo-libs and neo-cons ) to justisfy more non-sensical intervention the me . 
  not saying assad is preferable to the development of truly democratic institutions , but `` rebel '' groups are certainly worse for the country . 
   many armenian families still have the deeds to their farmlands , gold/diamond/copper mines , shipyards and so on . 
  why would those families not receive their property back ? 
  if that 's the case then i support them in getting back compensation for the losses if they have the right documentation . 
  i 'd also support the rebuilding of armenian churches and such . 
  okay . 
  those lands include the incirlik air base , the former turkish presidential palace , huge parts of the istanbul ports and other such territories . 
  also , any homes and lands that can not be properly identified should be compensated for in today 's dollars with interest . 
   this is going to turn into a classic `` chicken or the egg '' argument . 
  greece broke away in 1821 , serbia broke away in 1876 , followed by bulgaria and armenians saw this as a chance for them to start their own independence movement . 
   many turks and other muslim monirities were displaced as shown in this map during the process . 
  turks should seek whatever justice they wish and feel is proper for any persecution in the balkans during ww1 . 
  i would support that but it is a completely detached issue . 
  nonsense . 
  armenians never sought to kill off turks for independence . 
  are you justifying the genocide ? 
  there were armenians who wanted autonomy/independence in the armenian vilayets ( their historic territory ) , but this was based upon survival after 800 years of forced turkification , not racism . 
   revenge ? 
  armenians do n't want blood . 
  but they want land ? 
  they wanted their families land returned to them . 
  land that their families had been living on for multiple millenia before turkic peoples arrived in asia minor . 
  when the young turks came to power they actually had support from a large armenian community for better rights . 
  but other armenian groups like hunchaks and dasnaksutyun had other ideas for armenia which is why they started a revolt . 
   when the young turks came to power they actually had support from a large armenian community for better rights . 
  but other armenian groups like hunchaks and dasnaksutyun had other ideas for armenia which is why they started a revolt . 
  armenians were lied to by the genocidal young turks and when they sought the equality they been promised it became obvious that nothing could be worked out between them and a group that sought an asia minor as a `` turkey for turks . '', 
  that 's the same one . 
   i do n't think there is any monetary or extrinsic value that can be put on the suffering your ancestors went through . 
  while this is true , armenians are not asking for a value for the lives lost , but merely for the business , lands and homes their families owned ( and in the eyes of many continue to own from a distance ) . 
   that being said , i 'd also disagree with paying armenians like the germans have to pay jews because that would be like making money off the suffering of your ancestors . 
  to understand where i am going with this , search ` holocaust industry ' by norman finkelstein ( a descendant of holocaust survivors ) . 
  no it 's not about `` making money . '', 
  armenian families in western armenia had for centuries developed their land and wealth which was to be passed onto their families . 
  this land and wealth was stolen through genocide and continues to illegally and immorally enrich those for whom it was not meant . 
  do turkish people wish to `` make money '' off of the lives of our ancestors ? 
   i am a firm believer in `` the future is what you make of it '' and it 's all down to how we raise our next generations . 
  that 's easy for you to say when your people have enriched themselves via genocide and continue to get ahead based on that ill-gotten wealth and land . 
  many armenian families still have the deeds to their farmlands , gold/diamond/copper mines , shipyards and so on . 
  why would those families not receive their property back ? 
   i think turkish nationalism emerged out of the ottoman empire in reaction the fervent nationalism manifesting around us during the decay of the ottoman empire . 
  i am sure other nationalities around us feel the same . 
  it was virulent and racist turkish nationalism that fueled the armenian holocaust and which continues to fuel denialism and the idea that turks should keep all that was stolen . 
  you are indirectly a proponent of that ethno-nationalism . 
   if we can tone down on nationalism and teach our offspring that it 's possible to co-exist without each of our identities posing a danger to one another then that will pave the way for prosperous future as they can focus on more important things in life . 
  is n't that what it 's all about anyways ? 
  to preserve ones identity ? 
  instead of teaching them to compete they should cooperate . 
  absolutely , i am a firm believer in ethnic groups living together in peace . 
  but this peace can never be had if the fruits of genocide and ethno-nationalistic killing/terrorism/barbarism of the former turkic empire are not returned so that we may be able to restart relations from where they were before the genocide . 
   which in reality is euphemism for revenge . 
  revenge ? 
  armenians do n't want blood . 
  in your opinion , then , what should be done to right this wrong long-term ? 
  you ca n't simply uproot ancient civilizations from their ancestral lands where they 'd been living for multiple millennia , steal their wealth ( today worth hundreds of billions ) and take their homes , farmlands etc. 
  as your own for eternity without expecting their families to pursue justice for eternity . 
  not at all lying . 
  i meant to say that the article refers to a telegram which was used in the post-war trials . 
  taner akcam is a renowned turkish scholar . 
  story ? 
  did you read about the evidence in the article ? 
  paragraphs 4 to 6 . 
  i 'm referring to the military trials held after the war . 
  this is not a mere story . 
  i 'm sure the evidence will be released soon by mr. akcam . 
  he has written books on the subject in the past , one referred to as a shameful act . 
  the article should suffice for now unless you 're claiming the nyt is lying . 
  there is more evidence on the armenian genocide wiki page . 
  the article includes a telegram from a government office in erzurum written by a high-level official named behaeddin shakir . 
  it ordered the mass slaughter of civilians . 
  that telegram was then used to convict him during the post-war trials . 
  the telegram is one of many which evidence clear intent to systemically destroy every armenian man , woman , and child in the armenian vilayets of the ottoman empire ( today 's eastern turkey ) . 
  [ shameful act ] ( https://www.amazon.com/shameful-act-armenian-genocide-responsibility/dp/080508665x/ref=sr_1_11?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1493061741&amp;sr=8-11&amp;keywords=armenian+genocide ) [ they can live in the desert but nowhere else ] ( https://www.amazon.com/they-live-desert-nowhere-else/dp/0691147302/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1493061741&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=armenian+genocide ) [ burning tigris ] ( https://www.amazon.com/burning-tigris-armenian-genocide-americas/dp/0060558709/ref=sr_1_4?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1493061741&amp;sr=8-4&amp;keywords=armenian+genocide ), 
  here 's one : https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/22/world/europe/armenian-genocide-turkey.html,
