   no , considering they signed a treaty saying internal refugees will be respected and have said that any vote that involves nkr will not have the azeris kicked out of the republic proper on the voter rolls . 
  who did ? 
  you 're not being clear here . 
  . .  do you realize what you just did ? 
  oh wait , you literally just justified ethnic cleansing/genocide . 
  what the fuck you realize that the azeri government is a dictatorship , and those people were innocent civilians . 
  this shows that you are not arguing in good faith at all , as you are able to literally justify ethnic cleansing of a people , yet argue respect un conventions on the other hand . 
  insane . 
  seriously , what the fuck . 
  those people did nothing other than speak another language . 
  i cant believe this . 
  and i would not be surprised if you stop responding after this , since you just justified ethnic cleansing , pretty hard hole to dig yourself out of , but i ask of you this , please think about the azeri civilians . 
  are you high ? 
  or do you simply always revert to hyperbolic name calling to make random points . 
  no one is justifying ethnic cleansing , genocide or anything of the like . 
  all i said was , the issue of refugees falls principally on the shoulders of the azeri dictatorship . 
  there are displaced persons as a result of every war , and azerbaijan 's war against the karabakh people after the referendum is no different . 
  certainly , azeris were respected and living rather comfortably in yerevan and surrounding areas before all of these ethnic tensions . 
  i would warn you again , though , stop conflating refugees that flee due to war with state sponsored genocide . 
  ethnic strife is common is such wars ; but castigate armenians as anti-azeri and only mention deaths of azeris when likely more armenian civilians were killed . 
  furthermore , azeris are not demonized in armenian media , civil society and government today , as armenians are in azerbaijan . 
  i would n't want to imagine what type of cruelties the karabakh population would be subjected to if the azeri government ever took control of any of karabakh 's territory . 
   right , because a country whose leaders say that armenians , gays and journalists are the enemy of sedition are going to return tens if not hundreds of thousands of private property illegally confiscated . 
  right , as if those sentiments would n't echoed by the chp , or the terrorist `` grey wolves '' connected mhp ? 
  we 'll see what happens , the akp may win majority during upcoming early elections after a `` failure '' at establishing a government in parliament . 
  ultimately , the point is armenians do not have the ability to regain misappropriated properties as a consequence of genocide now in turkish courts . 
  do n't pretend that they do . 
   it is just accepted principles , nobody is going to publish a paper saying `` hey international law is like most people think it is '' unless it is a refutation of a specific paper , and frankly nobody cares enough to publish one of those . 
  except , the point is that no such provision in written into the un genocide convention . 
  this is rather new territory in its application . 
  the arguments for and against retroactivity would need to be made in order to access the availability of such an application . 
  i 've provided you with sources from leading scholar whose research and reasoning says the it may be applied retroactively . 
   again , it is sot so much what is said but what is not said . 
  you 're projecting nonsense . 
  nothing more needs to be said . 
  armenia agrees with refugees rights . 
  no one is going to expect them to say anything more , nor should they give up such a position as it 's strategically nonsensical during negotiations . 
   plus , are you really going to claim that nobody died when 200k azeris wree forcibly expelled ? 
  perhaps you should blame racist azeri war mongers who sparked the war in the first place . 
  if democratic norms and the will of the armenians in their ancestral homeland of artsakh were respected then this entire issue would have existed . 
   hell yeah , especially if armenia invaded and took over turkey . 
  is it likely ? 
  hell , no turkey is the second biggest army in nato . 
  well , at least you admit that you were wrong . 
  also , who knows what the future holds . 
   really , so when did all those germans get all that land back from poland ? 
  you can find just as many if not more anti-cases . 
  who 's talking about states regaining land ? 
  we were referring to a restitution claim made either by individuals who are survivors or descendants of survivors of the armenian holocaust , or a collective claim . 
   plus , armenia can go through turkish courts to get their property back . 
  right , because a country whose leaders say that armenians , gays and journalists are the enemy of sedition are going to return tens if not hundreds of thousands of private property illegally confiscated . 
   all sources are armenian funded shrills , but there is often a lack of neutrality in these source and they have ties one way or another to armenia . 
  it gets a little more difficult in academia , but usually i would like to see more neutral sources . 
  `` armenian funded shirlls '' is what you refer to people such as de zayas ? 
  wow , idiot . 
  i 've provided you with ample research . 
  nothing more to say here . 
   see , this is where the question becomes tricky , as it is an obscure topic . 
  nobody is going to publish a refutation for this sort of stuff , especially if it is seen as slightly crack-pot by mainstream academia without being fully crack-pot . 
  negative results are rarely published . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  read sources about research concerning the bosnia vs. serbia international criminal court decisions and how property claims should be decided . 
  there are plenty of conflicting opinions by scholars . 
  you can not show me anywhere in the un genocide convention that specifically disallows retroactivity . 
  i can show you scholars who say that such an application is within international law . 
   if i said armenia that may have been my mistake  and you completely are missing the point there , ie armenia wants state level reparations from turkey , yet they refuse to even individually compensate azeri refugees from armenia proper what ? 
  again , when has armenia claimed this ? 
   as for the massacres , there were also several events that took place outside of the war zone , including pogrom or like events . 
  show me an event of armenians massacring azerbaijanis and those deaths taking place away from the war zone . 
  i 've shown you plenty of the inverse . 
   also , your comment at the beginning really makes it seem like you read my other comment and are just ignoring it because it is inconvenient that you ca n't find other evidence there 's nothing else to talk about . 
  i 've provided sources for armenian population . 
  overall population is very suspect . 
  retroactive application of un genocide convention : first of all , let 's be clear that you can not come to the conclusion that it does not apply retroactively outright . 
  also , i reiterate that cases of genocide and cases of refugees in terms of regaining property are treated differently according to international law . 
  the book i provided earlier is one non-arf related source . 
  although , the scholars in the arf study are very well respected in their fields , especially alfred de zayas . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.academia.edu/3399249/the_genocide_against_the_armenians_1915-1923_and_the_relevance_of_the_1948_genocide_convention ) is work by him not directly funded by arf sources . 
  admittedly , there are not troves of sources on this matter since not very many scholars are looking into it . 
  but those that have , almost unanimously agree that it may be applied retroactively . 
   and various scholars have also argued that stalin was a great guy , but the fact is , no serious legal scholar thinks that turkey as a government can be retroactively held responsible . 
  i cant look into the first source as it is a book , but the first two get funding from the armenian revolutionary federation-dashnaktsutyun . 
  you know the armenian equivalent of neo-nazis ? 
  if i posted a genocide denial article from somebody taking money from genocide denialists , you would call bs , and the same case here . 
  you deny facts and legal scholarship because it does n't suit you . 
  ok little buddy . 
   which they are allowed to do , you are talking on a state to state level , if you think that i am saying fuck those with wills cant get their shit back you are misunderstanding me . 
  if an armenian person can prove property , then yes , they get their shit back , and that has happened in turkey . 
  but you have to evaluate every case individually . 
  this is not the case for a class action lawsuit as every case is different earlier you said `` armenia . '', 
   i 'm actually referring to these types of instances . 
  cool trying to frame it as an azerbaijan thing though . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/khojaly_massacre the khojaly tragedy is among many such events , including the anti-armenian massacres that took place away from fighting . 
  the khojaly incident took place during the battle of khojaly and is slightly different and controversial . 
  the anti-armenian pogroms are not . 
  we 'll have to agree to disagree about this one . 
  the overall population figures are suspect . 
  ultimately the main point i made was that armenians would 've been major power brokers in turkey today ; perhaps the strongest ethnic group , not counting military presence . 
   which would be a retroactive application of the law various legal scholars have argued that it can be applied retroactively , especially since the term was created with the armenian genocide in mind . 
  the un genocide convention does not have a provision disallowing retroactive application .
