  an assumption is an assumption . 
  it 's likely that armenians had a presence in the [ armenian highlands ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_highlands ) from time immemorial . 
  we are not like turkic migrant tribes . 
  also , we 're talking about the 20th century here , not ancient times . 
   after international treaties , you can no longer annex lands , as armenia did in nkr . 
  the world changed , the armenians were too late . 
  but they did it anyway . 
  it 's an international crime . 
  again , the nkao seceded from the ussr , not from independent azerbaijan . 
  they had every right within soviet law to secede , just as the azerbaijani ssr had a right to secede from the ussr . 
  nkr has a democratically elected parliament , president and an independent judiciary . 
  it has not been annexed by armenia . 
   then you can not hate azeris , they are completely allowed to take that land back if they feel like it . 
  this is not about feelings . 
  the right of self-determination is [ recognized under the charter of the united nations ] ( http://opil.ouplaw.com/view/10.1093/law:epil/9780199231690/law-9780199231690-e873 ) . 
   so if we get 1000s of azeris to slowly but surely kill and scare away the armenians in every village , then we too can have a secession vote ? 
  only animals such as aliyev and his followers could concoct such a scenario . 
  the nkao was 80 % armenian when the people voted to secede from the ussr . 
   azeris were n't . 
  i suppose armenians should 've felt safe joining the newly created azerbaijani republic . 
  it 's not like they were wiped out in western armenia during the armenian genocide or in nakhijevan . 
  it 's not as though azeris and armenians had fought in the early 1900s . 
   during the time of `` might makes right . '', 
  if that 's the case . 
  you lose . 
  but for armenians , what matters are the rights of the majority of the people of the former nkao to decided their fate . 
  their decision to secede should be respected . 
  the nagorno karabakh republic and its institutions which have 20 years of democracy under their belt should be respected . 
  i can tell you that armenians know that if azerbaijan conquers nkr , all armenians will either be slaughtered or forced to flee if possible . 
   you think the urartians never killed anyone for land ? 
  you 're really deluded . 
  you actually believe that urartians just appeared there magically ? 
  did jesus create the urartians in that land ? 
  you can believe whatever you like . 
  you can presume whatever you like . 
  i 'm simply giving you the facts . 
  you 're assuming that urartians stole land or conquered or what have you . 
  the facts are murky there . 
  armenians had a presence in nakhijevan and have a presence in nkr that goes back thousands of years . 
  the same can not be said of azeris . 
   then the azerbaijanis have a right to self-determination and taking it back . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the majority of nkao voted for secession . 
   historic urartian territory stolen from indigenous peoples who did n't read and write . 
  what ? 
   no an act of war is declaring secession . 
  so azerbaijan should be forced to join russia ? 
   maybe make a little self-determination secession why not ? 
  the turkish people had their self-determination respected during the fall of the ottoman empire . 
  my people were slaughtered and had their lands taken away . 
  that 's a wholly different issue . 
   yeah and the `` indigenous '' armenian population also ethnically cleansed whoever was living there before . 
  no they did not . 
  armenians are the ancestors of the urartians . 
   they evolved and fought in those lands just as much as the tatars or turkic tribes . 
  not exactly . 
   that 's an annexation of sovereign land . 
  the people of nkr have a right to self-determination . 
  they voted for secession from the ussr and reunification with armenia . 
   anyone who makes a secession must always prepare for war . 
  they kicked azeri ass and even took some more of the historic armenian territories that border the former nkao . 
   you do n't have a right to secede and join another country the ussr was collapsing . 
  all of the former ssrs seceded and some autonomous regions such as nkao also attempting to secede and change stalin 's false map . 
  the war ended in ' 94 . 
  worry about your nearly dried oil fields and tumbling currency . 
   that 's an act of war . 
  an act of war is attacking the republic of armenia which the azeri dictatorship has , both from nakhijevan and from northwestern azerbaijan . 
  there are no armenians living in nakhijevan . 
  there are no armenians living in the center of baku or in sumgayit . 
  there are no armenians living in ganja , shahumian or anymore else surrounding those towns . 
  azeris were welcome to stay in nkr after the referendum . 
  my point is that it 's easy to make the false equivalency that both sides commit war crimes etc. 
  it is only one side that has made threats against `` all armenians '' by describing them as the enemy . 
  only one side has said that it wishes to conquer the capital of the other ( yerevan ) . 
  only one sides indiscriminately shells villages . 
  the armenian side has no reason to want war . 
  they democratically voted to secede from the ussr , fought off the azeri invasion and won their independence . 
  they have a democratically elected parliament and president in nkr alongside an independent judiciary . 
  all while azerbaijan is still run by a bloodthirsty familial dictatorship . 
  well technically this issue goes to the early 1900s when the majority indegenous armenian population of nakhijevan was ethnically cleansed from their homeland by the tatar turkic migrant community . 
  stalin then gave nakhijevan and karabakh to the azerbaijan ssr . 
  armenians in karabakh held a democratic referendum during the collapse of the ussr to secede and reunite with armenia . 
  then they were promptly attached by azerbaijan . 
  it 's easy to simply say that we should `` recognize '' crimes on both sides etc etc. , but you ca n't equate the two sides here . 
  the azeri side has been brainwashed from a young age by their dictator to hate armenians . 
  furthermore , armenians were defending themselves in the karabakh war and had no reason to resort to aggression . 
  naturally , soldiers during war can never be perfectly controlled , but hatred is not engendered by the leadership on the armenian side . 
  recognize that difference . 
  one person chants against azeris in turkish ( might actually be mistranslated or person may not be armenian ) ... azeris cut armenian heads and parade them around their capital . 
  they maim bodies of villagers they 've killed during their attacks . 
  use isis fighters ... 
   well i do n't think it 's that major , the russian secret service has been assassinating chechens on the streets of istanbul commonplace for major nations to attack terrorist nationals that are abroad . 
  not that i necessarily agree with it . 
   maybe he just dislikes armenian canines . 
  surely , a man in such a position of trust would never make public remarks like that . 
  / s do n't mess with [ armenian canines ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_gampr_dog#/media/file:gampr_hamlik_parsanyan_2.jpg ) . 
  not to take anything away from the jewish scientists noted here ( it 's quite an accomplishment ) , i imagine most of them lived in large russian/ukrainian ssr population centers where opportunities were far greater than in other parts of the ussr . 
  if most armenians and georgians lived in moscow/petersburg/kyiv instead of their respective soviet ssrs , i think they 'd be a lot closer to jews on this list than they are . 
  awesome find . 
   you get fined if you say fuck you to the police or similar .
