  they have a very strong secret police network and oil wealth . 
  that allows them to buy off or imprison any and all opposition . 
  furthermore , western nations such as the uk and us tacitly support their rule due to geopolitical and oil/anti-russian interests . 
   i am not talking about the nkr itself , i am talking about the area surrounding it , which did not participate in any sort of referendum , because it had no chance . 
  your support of mass ethnic cleansing is fucking disgusting , vo stop your childish rant . 
  enough with the bombastic hyperbole . 
  armenia would gladly give azerbaijan some land if it agreed to stop sniper attacks and agreed to a peace deal that saw karabakh becoming independent or a part of armenia in azerbaijan 's eyes . 
  but with a dictator like aliyev in power , [ who claims armenia as azeri historical lands ] ( https://twitter.com/presidentaz/status/1556757251887104 ) which he will take by [ force ] ( http://asbarez.com/114047/aliyev-lays-claim-to-yerevan-praises-safarov/ ) , reproachment is not possible . 
  the only way forward is democratic regime change in azerbaijan . 
  armenia needs a willing partner in peace . 
   ok , but the point is that armenia committed the exact kind of shit you call armenia out for ... 
  but they did n't . 
  the point i 'm making is that armenians in karabakh could never live under azerbaijani rule . 
  what is not clear about that ? 
   armenia chose to protect the nkr , they could have said na . 
  it was their choice to go to war even if it was a moral obligation . 
  protect does not mean go to war . 
  azerbaijan decided to invade and claim nkr as theirs . 
   you are quite literally saying , they won the war , they get the land fuck off . 
  you are also justifying ethnic cleansing and dropping the part about the various massacres that took place against the civilian population ... 
  there was ethnic cleansing on their azeri side . 
  should we use this as justification to give armenian some azerbaijani land ? 
  perhaps a few suburbs in baku ? 
   although i will admit i made an incorrect statement on the military strength , my bad . 
  it 's the most important point . 
  azerbaijan would never risk another war if the probability of losing is as high as analysts currently make it to be . 
   as long as they continue to occupy the land , not really , revanchism is a bitch aint it ? 
  `` occupy '' based on what ? 
  the armenians of karabakh voted for independence from the ussr . 
  the referendum overwhelmingly passed . 
  they legally succeeded from the ussr as azerbaijan and armenia . 
  the idea of `` occupation '' is driven by azeri petrodollars which will fade away soon enough . 
  weak minded fools like you are exactly that type we like to embarrass . 
  a pathetic response as expected , boy . 
   you act like that was a unique think to nakhijevan the fact of the matter is armenians had to right to seek independence instead of living on the rule of maniacal azeri leadership who hated them . 
   on top of that , it was not azerbaijans decision to go to war . 
  armenia went to war for good reasons , but the matter of the fact is that they started it . 
  azerbaijan had terrestrially integrity that was pushed by the soviet union . 
  where are you getting this from ? 
  [ inter-ethnic clashes between the two broke out shortly after the parliament of the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast ( nkao ) in azerbaijan voted to unify the region with armenia on 20 february 1988 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nagorno-karabakh_war ) . 
  it was azerbaijan choice to go against the will of the people of the nagorno karabakh autonomous republic who declared independence from the ussr . 
   you realize you are justifying ethnic cleansing right ? 
  what ? 
  the azeris fled the regions surrounding the nkao during the war . 
  i 'm not saying that it was justified , but it 's correct to say that it happened during a war cause by the dictatorship in azerbaijan . 
  how is that `` justifying ethnic cleansing ? '', 
   they probably wont because of russia 's backing , but that in any case is not valid . 
  azerbaijan would absolutely wipe the floor with armenia if it was a one on one . 
  `` wipe the floor '' . 
  like last time when they had russian support ? 
  armenia took care of them quite easily . 
  azeri are not a fighting people and their government merely knows how to committ attrocities , sell oil for weapons and make belligerant statements . 
  military analysts agree that armenia continues to have the advantage due to a superior fighting force , tactical military location advantage and high morale due to being on the defensive and fighting for survival . 
  [ here ] ( http://nationalinterest.org/feature/face-the-coming-war-between-armenia-azerbaijan-12585 ) is a new article that sums it up well . 
  it 's only matter of time before azeri oil entirely dries up and the dictatorship and economy plummet . 
  i agree that what happened to 500k azeri refugees and 400k armenian refugees in azerbaijan was fucked up , but take the example of nakhijevan , a former territory of ancient armenia that always had an armenian population . 
  this population was systemically cleansed out . 
  armenians in nkr would 've fallen to the same fate under the psychopathic leadership of the aliyev family . 
  they simply could n't have that . 
  it was azerbaijan 's decision to go to war . 
  the problem of refugees falls squarely on their shoulders . 
  your statement that armenians `` started shit '' is nonsense . 
  azerbaijan can either move on or attempt to attack again . 
  in any case , the indigenous armenians of karabakh are n't going anywhere . 
   generally only men have been deported . 
  that is why armenians generally cry that `` they have taken my father/grandfather/uncle away '' etc. 
  what ?????? 
  have you seen german , american , british and french archives ? 
  most of the people deported were women and children who lived away from the battelfields . 
  far away . 
  the men were primarily massacred . 
   but the shit they started with azerbaijan demanding indepnedence from the ussr because the azerbaijani government hates your people is `` starting shit . '', 
  look up kirovabad masscare , maragha massacre , baku masscare . 
  the azeri were nuts back then . 
  not to say that aliyev is sane ... 
  what war was fought in marash ? 
  quit the bullshit . 
  200,000 - 300,000 armenians were killed in the hamidian massacres from 1894-1896 . 
  anti-armenian hate was given the cover of `` war '' and the genocide was continued in 1915 . 
  armenians villagers were not on any side, 
   they will never make anybody ( who matters ) think that alexander the great was a macedonian slav . 
  this and only this . 
  unfortunately i 've met a few macedonians who 've been militantly adamant that much of greek history is really there 's . 
  i just do n't get it ... 
   they emphasize it too much . 
  sometimes to the point of claiming turkish stuff . 
  please elaborate . 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
   probably yes . 
  but remember that you are comparing an empire that lasted 1000 years ( and at one time controlled the entire mediterranean ) , to a 200-year-old nation-state not even 1/10 the size ... that nation-state has a 4000-5000 year history though . 
  my main point was i suppose that there 's more overall cultural success to be seen in the byzantine empire era than any other in greek history . 
  i guess i just had n't noticed a strong sense of pride in that from greeks . 
  i 've always wondered if they see themselves as distinct from anatolian greeks/pontians . 
  interestingly , the popularly revered greek instrument , the bouzuki , is [ originally ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bouzouki ) from the greek population of asia minor . 
  i 've always felt that the greeks do n't emphasize enough nor remember their rich byzantine cultural development and history . 
  it 's arguably more important than that of the history within the current borders of greece . 
  the article mentions that it 's played in various countries and called different names . 
  for example in armenia it is called dhol and is only played with hands , whereas here there are certain wooden drumsticks used . 
  i 'm sure every cultures plays the instrument in different styles . 
  the artists in the video were greek and so i assume they played it is as the greeks do .
