   look at immigration and population numbers is the utilization of immigrants actually mentioned in their strategy ? 
   culture mix of greek , armenian , persian , arab . 
   geography northwest asian  language northeast asian, 
  thx, 
   i love the food i 'm curious , what do you consider `` american food '' that you love ? 
  yup . 
  since wwi when europe allowed them to kill off their indigenous christian populations . 
  [ `` pure '' ] ( http://blogs.discovermagazine.com/gnxp/2010/12/are-turks-acculturated-armenians/ ), 
  more sources : http://www.todayszaman.com/national_mhp-youth-wing-head-slams-armenian-jazz-concert_391862.html http://www.haberler.com/kars-ulku-ocaklari-baskani-ndan-tehdit-ermeni-7447838-haberi/ ( in turkish ) http://armenpress.am/eng/news/810291/turkish-radicals-threaten-to-start-a-hunt-for-armenians-in-kars.html, 
  did the creators actually think this was funny ? 
  or did they just want to make an anti-russia video ? 
  kinda confusing ... 
  considering the azeri dictatorship 's spending of billions of dollars to buy offensive weapons which they vow they will use to attempt to control all of armenia , including her capital , i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  they defeated the azeris handily the first time , but who knows what could happen now . 
  as a cypriot you should be able to appreciate the danger . 
  you 're making random general assertions . 
  simply because a particular facet of infrastructure is majority owned by a russian company that is also only majority only by the russian government does not mean those who run the infrastructure company in armenia need to be corrupt . 
  this is an internal armenian issue , incomparable to maidan especially with the fact that -- at least for now -- there is no foreign involvement . 
  yes , as is most of the country 's infrastructure . 
  the inept and loathsomely greedy locals who run it are the problem . 
   putin is real , russia is real , and so is its ' politics . 
  russia is full of people , real people , possible friends , lovers or enemies . 
  the sky is blue , / u/otaly is human , water flows , birds chirp , anti-putin paranoia at every turn is completely sane ... oh wait, 
  the protests are n't necessarily anti-russian . 
  they have to do with government corruption and the oligopoly . 
  protests started as a response to recent government proposals for a rate hike in electricity prices ( third in as many years ) . 
  also , russia already has a base in the city of [ gyumri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_102nd_military_base ) . 
   monday 's events mark a stunning turnaround from last week , when the european central bank had to lend greek banks money to stop a run on banks there . 
  then , it appeared as if europe was content to let the greeks default , an event that could lead to to so-called grexit : greece getting kicked out of the european monetary club . 
   now , greece will likely live to see another day in the eurozone . 
  and tsipras 's strategy to keep europe 's hands out of greek retirement funds worked . 
  no , the us-mexico border is veeeerrry porous and has only recently seen a strong uptick in border patrol vehicles to [ detain undocumented migrants ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2014/11/21/7-charts-that-explain-the-undocumented-immigrant-population/ ) . 
  is emerged in iraq ... due to the situation iraq was put in after the iraq invasion . 
  not sure turks in ankara would be pleased with that . 
   again , i understand that it would not have passed either way , but the fact that they are not even allowed to return to vote on their own future is anti democratic osce has delineated guidelines for refugees . 
  one of these includes a future referendum for the status of karabakh . 
  this of course can never be accepted . 
  i do n't see anywhere that the karabakh government has said that azeri ca n't return and vote for members of the karabakh parliament for example . 
  again , all of this is moot considering who armenia and karabakh are at the negotiating table with . 
  i personally do not think that charade should continue until the azerbaijan regime is overthrown . 
   again , you are forgetting the entire point of this . 
  they are asking for reparations collectively from turkey , yet they refuse to offer reparations collectively to the azeris . 
  as i 've explained , the armenian government makes no demands upon turkey . 
  individual armenians and armenian groups do ; stop conflating . 
  the genocide and the issues of armenian and azeri refugees are to be handled differently and by different actors . 
   which is reasonable to interpret that to mean widespread ... widespread does not mean majority opinion , it just means common . 
  your exaggeration was an attempt to point me as the one exaggerating , which i clearly was not . 
  be more careful in your interpretation and reading comprehension . 
   ok , whatever useless links . 
  i 'll take it that you concede the point . 
   ok , there is no precedent for retroactive law and the international criminal court bans it . 
  that 's of no bearing here , because this is an issue that never been decided with regards to the un genocide convention . 
   civilians have often times in history been removed from their homes and not allowed to resettle , ie poles from russia , and germans from modern poland . 
  are you nuts ? 
  no seriously , are you going to now parrot anti-armenian , genocide denial nonsense ? 
  the armenian were slaughtered en mass within the territory of what is now `` turkey . '', 
  some others who were n't slaughtered were sent on death marches into the syrian deserts . 
  do n't make comparison to other events that are significantly different . 
   successor state , despite what it may imply in the english language , does not at all mean that they automatically inherent the rights and responsibilities of the previous state , that is a continuator state , although they often do . 
  that is why russia getting the un seat is controversial . 
  they are undoubtedly the successor state to the ottoman empire ( ottoman turkey ) under the treat of lausanne . 
  they were released from certain obligations related to ottoman debt though , but those are quite specific . 
   nobody outside of a very small group even with armenia wants the reversal of the treaty of kars one step at a time . 
  we 're talking about the return of tens if not hundreds of thousands of private properties . 
  neither a ruling armenian party , nor a majority of parliament in armenia have ever sought a rescission to the treaty of kars , signed between the soviet union and turkey . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/treaty_of_lausanne#aftermath  there are various associations that currently allow armenians to reclaim land stolen from them in modern day for turkey . 
  name one piece of property give back . 
  furthermore , something on this scale would need to be administered and paid for by the turkish government . 
  that 's not going to happen until anti-armenian racism is cleansed and past crimes are repented . 
   which they never got to vote in . 
  the fact is , they are not going to be allowed back to their homes in the nkr annexed to armenia , and the fact that armenia wont even allow them to vote , even if just symbolic , shows that . 
  who told you that ? 
  the referendum was held before the azeri invasion . 
  the 75-80 % armenian majority voted to gain independence . 
  it would 've passed with or without the vote of the minority kurd or azeri populations . 
  your lack of value for democratic movements and implicit support for warmongers and dictators is disturbing . 
   why the armenians should not have sat there and died , they have definitely become worse as the conflict has went on . 
  the fact that the nkr claims all of the occupied areas outside of the nkr as their territory says something ... as armenia has stated the areas outside the old nkr oblast are a buffer zone , but with the azeri unstable dictatorship no peace can be had . 
  these backwards people in the azeri government can not be trusted as an honest partner towards peace . 
  for example , they refuse to pull back snipers from the border between nkr and azerbaijan , while occasionally killing villagers . 
  the other point that i was making is that you constantly harp on about armenia not making some childish and useless offer of return of azeris when they ca n't even have proper negotiations . 
  issues over property rights are generally dealt with at the later stages of conflict resolution after a war . 
  also , if you want to seem at all objective , start to take into consideration the military aggression of the azeri dictatorship that began the war . 
   youre the one who is saying there is widespread hate for armenians in turkey , you are honestly nothing more than an intellectual peasant . 
  i have never said hatred is `` widespread . '', 
  must you resort to revisionism when you 've got nothing to reply with ? 
  you sound like azeri government `` historian . '', 
  i said the government in turkey , elites and some of the public who are unfortunately brainwashed by the turkish press and school system harbor hate for ethnic armenians . 
  mp in the turkish parliament have said as much -- garo paylan and selhattin demirtas . 
   the issue is de zayas only was published in armenian funded sources . 
  if a `` brilliant '' paper that actually brings the holocaust numbers down to 2 million people rather than 6-8 million was only able to be published in arab journals , there is probably some bullshit in there . 
  it is not a trustworthy source , no matter how many times you scream `` de zayas # 1 '' de zayas and other comprise some of the most well-regarded minds in legal scholarship in the world . 
  i could n't care less if your biases against justice for genocide leads you to find their work to not be `` trustworthy '' because it 's affiliated with armenian sources . 
  that 's just petty racism on your part . 
   holocaust numbers down to 2 million people rather than 6-8 million no respectable scholar would do such a thing . 
  the fact that you can even posit such a possibility for comparison is embarrassing . 
  go ahead and give de zayas and the others a refutation on any of the legal conclusions they come to , their methodology for analyses and so on . 
  i 'll be waiting for a sampling . 
   except that a sticking point during the peace process is armenia has repeatedly refused to agree to allow former azeri residents of the nkr region the right to vote in an independence referendum , and the peace process says lachin is also excluded . 
  first of all the azerbaijani population of the nkr oblast was at most 25 % pre-invasion .
