  assuming the cost of food and care that you stated is correct :, 
  unless you 're buying your dog toys made out of solid gold , i really do n't see how you could make it add up to $ 6,000 a year . 
  for more information i 'd recommend searching for `` chiptune arpeggio '' or something simliar , should get you what you 're looking for . 
  the basics however , is that you take a synthesizer putting our something fairly simple ( something like a squarewave tends to work well ) and then make chords that are arpeggiated extremely quickly , usually in 16ths . 
  for example , if the chord in question was a c-major chord , the first 1/16th would be a c , the second 1/16th would be an e , third a g , fourth another c but an octave higher , etc. 
  make it as long as you want to , and then maybe add some reverb and delay to glue it all together . 
  the things you mentioned all offer compression , which is often applied in an effort to increase loudness . 
  increasing loudness is different from simply turning up the volume ( altough turning of the volume * does * increase the loudness ) , since loudness is something subjective and therefore can not really be quantized . 
  what a compressor actually does is that it lowers the dynamic range of a signal . 
  there are great videos explaining this ( i believe seamless just put out a new video about compressor basics ) but the general idea is that most sounds have sections where they are quiet and sections where they are loud . 
  a compressor makes the parts that were originally quiet louder , so there is a less of difference between the loudest parts and the most quiet parts . 
  this generally increases the percieved loudness of the whole sound . 
  edit : this is the video i was thinking of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufxl3u1n28c . 
  i have n't seen it , but since it 's seamless i 'm assuming it 's fantastic . 
  not necessarily . 
  atleast in fl you can get plugins ( fruity limiter for example ) to distinguish between different inputs in the same mixer channel . 
  i feel for you , no one should have to be exposed to a subreddit of such a low quality . 
  it 's * always * in / r/creepy recently ... 
  serious plot holes in this comic , no one can survive being in a confined space with sierra leone . 
  this was my entry in the recent africa-contest ( where it performed rather poorly ) . 
  in order for the comic to be anything other than a few hastily-made landscape drawings with cheesy monologue , a bit of geographical knowledge is needed . 
  therefore i made [ this !, 
  then again , the best comics are the ones that do n't require any context at all . 
  thanks !, 
  my only real problem with it is the tiny vocal sample at around 1:44 . 
  i like the idea of having it , but as it is right now it has no presence and just sounds kind of awkward since it comes out of nowhere . 
  simply making it a bit louder can help it stand out , and a little bit of reverb might make it last a little longer . 
  could also be a good idea to drop some other element from the track in anticipation of the vocal hit . 
  you might even experiment with some preverb to make it feel like it belongs in the track . 
  the picture is n't from ume\u00e5 though , so there might be several ( unless they just moved the sculpture here ) . 
  before or after ? ... 
  [ do you even compress ? 
  you should go to russia ;, 
  [ average metro station . 
  [ average russian . 
  source : [ russian institute of demography . 
  when in russia ... 
  of course !, 
  just look at this luxurious [ open air passenger car !, 
  from the official bureau of squatting :, 
  `` slavsquat - the astonishingly ergonomic stance to which slavs have exclusive rights of practice . 
  it is a millenia old tradition forged and refined by years of genetic evolution , mostly regarding ones knees . 
  properly executed it improves overall well-being , cleanses the soul , and cultivates a healthy lifestyle . 
  on top of it all , it is the most fashionable trend of 2014 - in short , slavsquat . 
  everyone has their own slav squat and it can be practiced accordingly to one 's beliefs and devotions without restriction . 
  slavs are notoriously tolerant of both religion and race , so feel free to perfect your own slavsquat regardless of your origins ! '', 
  are you honestly saying that animal suffering is n't bad as long as people do n't look at it ? 
  people watch bullfighting because they enjoy it , and people eat beef because they enjoy it . 
  neither is necessary for human survival , so why is only one of these things considered morally wrong ? 
  i 'm not a vegan , nor a vegetarian . 
  in fact , one might argue that the meat industry is responsible for me even having a job . 
  i never said eating meat is wrong , i only said it is on the same moral level as bullfighting . 
  they seem to have adressed pretty much all of the regular complaints ( multi-selection , sideways tracknames ) . 
  the only thing really missing now is the solo button , but i suppose that 's a matter of pride and principle for il . 
  as keitaro10 said there is a beta port . 
  i have n't used it for a while but when i did it worked great . 
  the only problem i experienced was that importing and exporting files was a little cumbersome since it 's using wineskin ( i believe ) . 
  interestingly it also had far better performance than native garageband . 
  ah yes , but when you unsolo the track , it also unmutes all tracks that were previously muted . 
  are you corey dunn ? 
  fake animals , white spaces , low resolution and even a 9gag watermark ? 
  op must take pride in his shitposting ability . 
  truly a masterpiece !, 
  i might be wrong , but is n't the filter in the fx section identical to the main filter , just without the visual representation ? 
  true , it would have been really nice to be able to do parallel filtering the way you can in massive . 
  i suppose serum is written in a way that makes this impossible or atleast difficult , since none of the fx 's offer that functionality . 
   it will also be a lot cheaper . 
  definitely not always the case . 
  for example , a ticket for a flight from hong kong to japan was more expensive than a ticket for flights from * sweden * to japan via london and hong kong . 
  kind of absurd , but then again airfare does n't always make sense . 
  as people have said lightroom is very simple to use , and i 'd say at least some post processing is necessary for most pictures . 
  it really can make a huge ( positive ) difference . 
  i would argue , however , that the picture in the op is not a very good example of this . 
  true , but has anyone really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like ? 
  yes, 
  bro , shiva is a dude . 
  but how can you really love if you do n't even flair ? 
  good to see your dog repping the families, 
  because being brought back to life by a piece of cloth is totally realistic in the first place, 
  there are plenty of examples of people traveling without any real budget at all . 
  that said it might not be a great way to experience the countries in question , and it will definitely not be comfortable . 
  as / u/charliekillsrats said you will pretty much be a hobo . 
  edit : if you want some inspiration you could watch the film fishmen in nador , a swedish documentary about two guys travelling from sweden to north africa on a budget of 50 $ . 
  literally nowhere in the article does it say these mosquitos are more sexually competitive than the wild ones , it 's just something op made up to generate more upvotes . 
  oh wait i forgot you 're not supposed to read links, 
  why do we care about this, 
  just because we ca n't do it now does n't mean it 's impossible . 
  creativity is not magic , and the chemical and physical processes in your brain that are responsible for it are as just as logical as the circuitry in your computer responsible for rendering these words . 
   one tiny, 
  actually it would need to be a pretty big suck because of how long the tube is, 
  you are free to believe what you wish , of course , but people have assumed all kinds of things to be `` illogical '' ( as in unbound by predictable laws of physics ) , and have time and time again been proved wrong as science has progressed . 
  therefore i 'm very cautious about that line of thinking . 
  i 'd argue certain places like roppongi and the most famous sites in kyoto could be classified as tourist traps . 
  they 're definitely miles ahead of similar places in the rest of the world , but at least to me there 's still have a little of the same vibe . 
  might feel ( or be ) more organic though due to the fact that domestic tourism is huge in japan . 
  selling things in temples is extremely common in japan . 
  even a lot of small temples that are n't tourist destinations do it . 
  but keep in mind you 're supposed to give money each time you pray , so just because it 's dealing with money it does n't mean it ca n't fit in a temple . 
  yes , but actually getting the liquid in the tube is going to be harder the longer the tube is . 
  i know for a fact since i did this exact thing when i was a kid and i recall how difficult it was to get it started .
