  and replace mmarsh with tye/zampa/faulkner ( preferably tye ) . 
  the side should have the 4 best bowlers imo . 
  and faulkner scares me after seeing him smashed around last ipl . 
  it 's not that strange , a side should play to their strengths . 
  but it is weird that boyce , who warrants a spot regardless of pace vs spin , was left out for zampa . 
  it has a lot of individual ability but the best xi and team roles are n't very settled and the team has n't had much of a chance to gel because they have n't played enough games together . 
  warner can bat anywhere and do well . 
  is susan really a good player of spin ? 
  i thought it was the opposite . 
  i think in the few games lyon was available , sok was having calf problems . 
  he did play with lyon once . 
  yep . 
  see : underarm , mankadding , appealing for time out/obstructing/handling the ball . 
  i agree , playing by the rules is clearly not in the spirit of the game . 
  kiwis are still whiny over a perfectly legal act ( underarm ) 40 years later . 
  you really are quite obnoxious and worked up over this . 
  people are n't saying that . 
  lbws are shown on the big screen often before a player is off the field . 
  and even if they should 've been not out , a player has to keep walking . 
  or a kiwi . 
  they act like dogs just as much as any team . 
  not as bad as nz though . 
  number of test wickets lillee took . 
  yes he is a good t20 player , but unfortunately he tore his calf muscle playing in this summer 's bbl and i doubt he 'd be fit by the world t20 . 
  current rule seems good . 
  but heavier than most even now . 
  wow what a start . 
  lol, 
  you 're *, 
  it 's barely spinning ... why would n't you keep bowling your pacers . 
  fuck what a runout !, 
  lol, 
  they were saying at the start it was to hold the pitch together because there were potential problems with cracking . 
  rip, 
  wtf was that shot dickwella ? 
  that was just shit . 
  well lanka dropped a few catches so it ' a only fair for india to return the favour . 
  at least 2 , 
  ncn is a better bowler , and you do n't need an allrounder at 8 . 
  is that the final cut ? 
  if not , what is the point of showing it now ? 
   he 's also not coming off an injury while ncn has n't played since december . 
  ncn is back bowling and faulkner has had a hamsting injury since the 1st nz odi . 
  ncn also did well in the last world t20 , which was in bangladesh , similar conditions to india . 
   and faulkner has played in the ipl for years, 
  so has ncn . 
  and faulkner got absolutely belted last ipl , whereas ncn did very well . 
   i do n't see how ncn is the better all rounder . 
  he 's not , he the better bowler . 
  when you have a good top 6 plus hastings , nevill , and ncn for the tail , i think you should n't sacrifice your bowling for faulkner . 
  starc gets more late swing than brett lee got in this vid . 
  bradman would have been literally bradman at t20 's . 
  clich\u00e9d , meaningless comment from south africa 's village idiot . 
  what a surprise . 
  fc form and record is more relevant to test cricket than white ball form . 
  yep , definitely agree . 
  i wonder who is older in folklore years : captain westraya , who is said to have played with w.g. 
  grace - or boomer harvey , rumoured to have been there at the birth of australian rules . 
  windies on debut , and england . 
  big show ( pbuh ) 100 %, 
  captain westraya do us proud, 
  better fc average than joe burns ... 
   if only we could get warner on board with the idea . 
  why ? 
  he 's been massively successful with the way he plays , why would you change it ? 
  pass him on this list : http://www.relianceiccrankings.com/alltime/test/, 
   only hitting the occasional loose ball, 
  the icc ratings do a good job of it as it accounts for the opposition . 
  he 's currently 10th in the world and probably close to getting into the top 100 all-time list . 
  no http://www.relianceiccrankings.com/alltime/test/, 
  there are many reasons that tendulkar is n't the second best of all time , but of those , this is the weakest . 
  who cares what a batsman does in 2nd vs 1st innings ? 
  all runs count in the same game . 
  warner did consistently well with no big scores , much better than voges . 
  do you mean in the best xi or in the squad ? 
  yess !, 
  great bowling from hazlewood , you could see it coming with the great line he was bowling . 
  so good !, 
  roscoe is love , roscoe is life . 
  therefore , drop mccullum for ross the boss . 
  mmarsh is allready in the squad . 
  if moises was fit he 's be the one to replace watto . 
  as it is , i think it should be travis head . 
  and i thought skysports labelling siddler an all-rounder was generous . 
   the roads we prepare these days are too flattering . 
  a few years ago they were way too green and it was too flattering for the bowlers . 
  test cricket has always had better batting pitches than 3 and 4 day cricket . 
  the best way to get a good idea of how good a bowler is is not to give them helpful pitches . 
  fishing outside off . 
  he is n't rated by most people in the first place . 
  most people respect him for his services to nz cricket , not his test batting . 
  australia could still lose the next test and draw the series . 
   he is number 6 on an all time , surely that is an obvious flaw of this method of measurement, 
  why ? 
  i find it very easy to believe that peak vernon was better than peak akram . 
  he consistenly ripped through teams at his peak . 
  and a player 's peak is a great way to measure their greatness . 
  if you were to pick an all-time xi , would you pick a consistent player with a good record , or a player who was absolutely dominant for a shorter period of time , at his peak ? 
  if you were to pick an all-time xi , would you pick a consistent player with a good record , or a player who was absolutely dominant for a shorter period of time , at his peak ? 
  it 's not actually called the world cup .
