  that 's what dreams are made of . 
  beautiful technique is fairly unimportant in the scheme of things . 
  19 on the injury list now ... also yarran might be suspended by the club for ignoring a move-on notice . 
  good thing there is a bye , so griffin can come back and replace clarke . 
  also it means morabito might almost be forced to be picked due to everyone else being injured . 
  the most disappointing thing is that both smith and apeness , unknown quantities who could develop into kpfs , have broken into the side and then forced out due to long-term injuries . 
  add alex pearce to that list and it really hampers the development of young kpps at the club . 
  in this case it does n't . 
  the windies tri-series was not played on roads ... even st kitts had some reverse swing at the end . 
  matt henry bowled very well that series . 
  pretty pathetic excuse . 
  i 'm looking forward to their test tour of india . 
  watching ravi ashwin destroy sa was very enjoyable , will be interesting to see how nz go and what sort of pitches will be served up , santer might go well if conditions suit . 
  tour of ceylon fuck yes boys, 
  had 've *, 
  and i doubt it . 
  it 's a moot point anyway , i do n't think fyfe or dangerfield have punched someone in the gut as hard as zaharakis did . 
  he went hard enough to get the eagles guy to vomit and be taken off , all because he was fustrated because he ca n't shake a tag . 
  haha c'mon , that was a front-on spoil attempt , not a forceful deliberate cheapshot behind play . 
  hildreth holding up against a bowling attack like this will do him no harm . 
  christ it must be deflating for him to see james vince get a debut ahead of him . 
  he got a fine , which is what tripping 's penalty was . 
  mostly his attitude i think . 
  he 's always been hyped up but has never lived up to it and from the outside it looks like he refuses to work hard enough . 
  that 's not evidence that batting is any easier than it was in the past . 
  cricket is more professional now , which means even tailenders put some time into batting practice . 
  well it was a poor example because it harmed your point . 
  as for boundary sizes , that is mainly a factor for t20s , where they noticeably bring the ropes in . 
  for tests , the only thing that 's changed is the introduction of ropes to allow better fielding near the boundary/reduce chance of injury . 
  so a negligible factor . 
   just huff and puff your way to a few sixes, 
  you obviously despise power-hitting , fair enough . 
  this mostly affects t20s and death overs in odis , so not really relevant to test cricket . 
  so do you want to ban weightlifting ? 
  but why ? 
  i dislike t20 but the format is made for boundary hitting , so these things are n't an issue . 
  if you mean for test cricket , then bat and boundary sizes are not a major factor . 
  pitches are slightly better and batting is easier than in the past few decades but is not at historically easy levels , and some of the improvements in overall average can be explained by tailenders getting much better . 
  but the most important factor of all is that draws as a percent of all results is at an all-time low . 
  this is good for the game and is a strong indication that pitches are fine and producing more results than ever . 
  personally , because of these stated reasons , i see zero problem with modern day balance between bat and ball in test cricket , and could n't care less about the balance in t20s anyway . 
  lol , he had a decorative graphite coating/sticker that some idiots got worked up over enough that the mcc banned it . 
  i see some idiots still believe it actually had an effect on the bat . 
  i see this conversation has devolved into the technique of a generation of batsmen . 
  the view that batting techniques are getting worse has been around since the 1890s and is purely based on opinion , which i disagree with . 
  therefore at this point we 'll just have to agree to disagree . 
  better as in slightly better for batting . 
  i agree there are still epic roads and extreme dustbowls/greentops . 
  most aussie pitches have n't changed much , melbourne used to be complete shit in the 80s but they thankfully relaid it and apart from that the only major one is perth , as you pointed out , which has been a mixed bag and not consistently terrible . 
  lord 's 2015 was n't bad at all , nagpur seems to go between road and dustbowl , and you 're right , trent bridge has had some real greentops . 
  the overall rankings do , but not for the team of the year . 
  i do n't really like the idea because the current system is fine . 
  you say the ranking system is confusing and flawed . 
  well , it 's not confusing , and why do you think it 's flawed ? 
  as for the context , i like the test mace but it was a fuck-up that the icc did n't have it on hand after the nz series to hand to australia and i still do n't think there 's been a presentation ceremony . 
  so the visibility of it is something that needs to improve . 
  also the prize money is pretty nice , maybe they could increase it a bit but i do n't have an issue with the system as it is really . 
  i thought both were fine , you 're being way too critical if the ashes 2015 pitch was up there for worst pitches you 've ever seen , do n't you think ? 
  robbie gray is * so * good . 
  gary ballance fuck yeah mate . 
  i love you gazza < 3, 
  hawthorn are winning . 
  on the bright side , gary ballance has been recalled for england 's first test versus pakistan . 
  umm , he still has a great name , is zimbabwean , has an adorable pudginess about him and a fc average over 50 . 
  form is temporary , being gary ballance is permanent . 
   in any case , wtf do borthwick and hildreth need to do to get a test cap then ? 
  wait for vince to fuck off . 
  also borthwick already has a test cap and i do n't really get the hype . 
  yeah he 's had a good season so far , but not absolutely standout and his career record is n't great . 
  i do n't see the issue with root at 3 anyway , he has opened quite a bit in his time remember . 
  personally i do n't think there is such a thing as a specialist number 3 , 4 , 5 , or 6 . 
  australia have been quite flexible with the order in the past , even ponting started out at 6 , smith worked his way up the order to eventually be put at 3 and then moved to 4 just because susan koala really prefers to open or be at 3 . 
  bayliss moving root to 3 shows he sees things in a similar way imo . 
  dropped . 
  absolute bullshit ` logic ' . 
  it could also say his team mates were useless , which is more likely considering it 's a team game and he was in a team of mostly first-year players . 
  but hey , barrass must 've played better than gary ablett on friday because his team won , right ? 
  he 'd be a good fit at the suns , gets dirty winning contested footy . 
  i feel the same about de boer , who i hope is traded , not delisted . 
  i wonder if they 're keen . 
  midfielders are the best players on the ground so a team of elite midfielders would be pretty good . 
  what a legend !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!, 
  lol what a way to get im so proud of you big show ( pbuh ), 
  upvote party in / r/glenn _ maxwell !, 
  get around him, 
  the power of big show ( pbuh ) compels them ... 
  hahahahah gorgeous george laughing his head off . 
  upvote party in / r/glenn _ maxwell !, 
  average is far less important in t20s as teams rarely get bowled out anyway . 
  sr is a major factor . 
  please update the big show ( pbuh ) subreddit speer , / r/glenn _ maxwell 's feeling neglected and you 're the subreddit expert , 
  starc highest speed for a single ball bowled , milne for consistently bowling 150 + km/h, 
  not really . 
  smith is the no . 
  1 batsman in the world and did well on this tour and warner and voges have good records . 
  behind them though , maxwell actually has a good fc record . 
  you 've abandoned your worship of / r/natfyfeshair ? 
  accra , great place . 
  underrated !, 
  also fun to say .
