  nah drop burns for watto , lyon for o'keefe , siddle for faulkner , smarsh for lynn , mmarsh for susan and patto for bird . 
  dwayne is in melbourne atm i think . 
  australia have no chance imo . 
  starc is op and without him we 'll be found wanting . 
  it makes sense because smith probably wants to give pattinson a rest no matter what the windies are bowled out for . 
  a voges triple would 've been nice but you ca n't base declarations on every milestone , and it was lunch . 
  it 's not like he was 290 either . 
  plus , i think it 's fair enough because i 'm sure the message was to get as many until lunch . 
  ncn has a better nickname though . 
  and bowls 140 + . 
  ca nerfed him with sharp pain and surgery , they 're so kind . 
  most runs : gayle , c ( and if not him , lendl simmons and kumar sangakkara are 2nd and 3rd ), 
  most wickets : badree , s, 
  ladder :, 
  scorchers, 
  stars, 
  hurricanes, 
  thunder, 
  strikers, 
  heat, 
  winner : sixers d scorchers, 
  thanks . 
  surgery can have complications and you risk ending up getting fucked , getting absolutely fucked . 
  big show ( pbuh ), 
  so voges is the second best batsman this year ? 
  wow , great insight . 
  if only we could all ignore context like you , everything would be more simple . 
  we all know average without context is the real measure , with the fewer tests the better . 
  hahahah i was hoping you 'd provide context . 
  and there we go : he 's been ranked number 1 for 1 test at the end of the year and his peak rating this year is lower than root or smith 's , but you 're so thick that you 'll ignore that i guess . 
  thanks . 
  lol, 
  what ? 
  he 's one of australia 's best ever . 
  they definitely could be ; they could be much , much worse . 
  easily . 
  holy fuck , ca n't drop ab like that on 5 , i 'm thinking he 'll make a big score here . 
  india have ashwin and jadeja . 
  yeah . 
  you are colourblind . 
  root dropped ab off anderson 's bowling and now anderson drops amla off root 's bowling . 
  comical . 
  nah this is n't soccer , you seem confused . 
  high on high - john flanagan, 
  apocalypse dreams, 
  injured finger . 
  lovely century from moeen . 
  bancroft/agar/willey to make runs , paris to be there at the end . 
  poor carbattery :(, 
  yes, 
  ravichandran ashwin is . 
  i 'm missing vernon , shame he will miss the next test . 
  i hope we will at least get to see him in the final test . 
  l. hutton - eng, 
  flower - zim ( wk ), 
  big show ( pbuh ), 
  we need big show ( pbuh ) in the test team , he is being robbed . 
  that 's for a completed innings , so it wo n't count unless we 're bowled out . 
  the record 's for a completed innings , so it does n't count unless we 're bowled out . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think so . 
  who would n't have a negative attitude towards muslims ? 
  islam is a fucked ideology . 
  biased *, 
  test xi :, 
  bradman ( c ), 
  l. hutton, 
  r.t. ponting, 
  may, 
  richards, 
  pollock, 
  richards ( c ), 
  gower, 
  javed miandad, 
  de villiers ( wk ), 
  pollock, 
  willis, 
  tame impala - apocalypse dreams, 
  from australia :, 
  chris lynn , james pattinson , josh hazlewood , jason behrendorff , jackson bird , james faulkner , big show ( pbuh ) , steve o'keefe , possibly joel paris . 
  james taylor , jonny bairstow , garry ballance ( please come back gazza , we love you ) . 
  india :, 
  ravindra jadeja , rohit sharma ( any minute guys , be patient ) , ajinkya rahane , wriddhiman saha . 
  south africa :, 
  i think we 'll lose the series against india without starc ... india 's batting is too strong , kohli is so good in odis . 
  uhhh , so ? 
  even the best fail sometimes . 
  does n't change how good kohli is in odis and t20s . 
  north melbourne i think . 
  love all 3 . 
  prefer test the most . 
  / u/comix _ corp being an idiot . 
  fantastic header onto the stumps . 
  he bowls quite a heavy ball, 
  what a catch . 
  what . 
  catch . 
  smoked straight to the man at cover . 
  i mean tests for the former two . 
  if they can get a game .
