   that 's australia with those restrictions , not new zealand . 
  counter ignorance with ignorance , that will work , idiot . 
  exactly , new zealand does indeed ban animated porn , and even jailed someone for 3 months for possession of anime that depicts sex between elves , pixies , and other fantasy creatures . 
  it 's nothing to do with australia , but if it makes you feel better , you can pretend it is . 
  same here , i had never heard of seat before this map . 
  looks like chevy due to the text in the upper left of the state . 
  well ... the desert areas are quite a big bigger than the us 's arid zones and also drier . 
  australia 's is a map of intercity rail only . 
  this seems to include metropolitan lines , correct ? 
  so it 's really apples and oranges . 
  here 's a rail map that includes intra-city heavy rail : http://i.imgur.com/gpgetdi.png, 
  my god you 're clueless . 
  this is passenger rail only -- the freight network is much more extensive . 
  why compare a contemporary passenger rail map to an old freight map ? 
  i 'm talking about intercity versus metropolitan . 
  this map : http://www.railmaps.com.au/austrail.png is of only intercity rail . 
  this map : http://i.imgur.com/gpgetdi.png also includes intracity rail , which is more analogous to op 's netherlands map . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i 'm point out that asmaedus is wrong . 
  you can have guns , just not certain types . 
  op 's map does n't include intracity heavy rail ? 
  please note that self-reporting is very biased in favour of more popular and unique ancestries , and thus british is very undereported . 
  but it 's not . 
  thanks thatcher for recognising the significance of globalisation and avoiding making her own populace poorer through trade barriers and mercantilism ? 
  absolute bullshit . 
  the anglosphere has removed most trade barriers and thus has excelled in services and specialisation , and as such has higher wages than germany , which has had no wage growth for well over a decade and is suffering from malaise after relying on cheap money from southern europe to buy their stuff . 
  trade liberalisation was very beneficial for the uk . 
  the entire anglosphere underwent similar liberalisation since the 80s and has benefited tremendously for it . 
  circlejerk about being a re-export hub ? 
  ok then ... 
  no , the goods are counted as from china if made in china . 
  this map does n't include the us 's massive export of services , such as engineering/designing the apple product . 
  germany relies on others to buy their stuff , while others do n't rely on germany . 
  the us is protectionist is some ways , even today . 
  the us has tariffs on a lot of things like chinese steel . 
  bilateral ftas are helpful but do n't often eliminate all tariffs , like for example the australia-us fta still kept a tariff on australian cane sugar . 
  except in australia and the uk it is simply a matter of ticking a box giving the reason for the abortion . 
  cue *, 
  the law 's basically the same as in south australia i believe . 
  south australia and new zealand are pretty similar really . 
  enjoy your shit economy and high unemployment rates . 
  being unemployed and on welfare is the way to go according to europeans . 
  do n't live in melbourne , it 's way too cold !, 
  perth , adelaide or sydney have it way better !, 
  he renounced his norwegian citizenship . 
  this map is based on citizenship . 
  australia, 
  anz is n't unfavourable -- their record there is better than at the scg . 
  germany has a lot of regulation and higher taxes , meaning people are more likely to avoid them i.e. 
  participate in the shadow economy . 
  well , there are a lot of people in the mining services industry that travel to africa often , so it 's not entirely unrealistic . 
  that 's mostly because norway is held hostage by its dairy union and has ridiculous tariffs on dairy products . 
  it 's thought of that way across the anglosphere and much of europe . 
  same in everywhere, 
  marxism now, 
  by introducing a copayment ? 
  you realise sweden , which is ranked higher , has a copayment as well ? 
  most countries recognise the need for a modest price signal . 
  improving by copying others is pretty common . 
  in this case , introducing a co-payment is common in higher-ranked countries , like sweden . 
  `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' is the motto of people who get left behind . 
  they spend less per capita on health according to the op table . 
  also this ranks them higher : http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/fund-reports/2014/jun/mirror-mirror, 
  sweden hates the eu more than the uk does , and norway does n't even want to join . 
  so the uk is n't exactly unique . 
  i 'd much rather trust an actual academic report into healthcare rather than your random anecdote , which says that australia health care is better in every facet of quality care and spends significantly less per person : http://www.commonwealthfund.org/publications/fund-reports/2014/jun/mirror-mirror, 
   and your propaganda is pretty easily dismissed - since when has germany ever , and by that i do literally mean ever , been the second least efficient country in any international comparison ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  ` german efficiency ' is just a marketing slogan that the germans have convinced themselves is always true . 
  i do n't care how arrogant a country 's people are , that 's no way to measure a health system . 
  north melbourne , north melbourne !, 
  yvonne strahovski, 
  they 're not scottish ... 
   soccer means association football for the vast majority of english speakers, 
  ftfy, 
  who are they ? 
  the greeks ? 
  but the vast majority of europeans are against federalism , and the uk is n't even the most euroskeptic of the countries in the eu . 
  of course a german would support the german union . 
  what the hell do you expect ? 
  you do n't genuinely think they would spend valuable school time teaching about every figure in art around the world ? 
  it snows in texas !? 
  man i wish it snowed in australia ... well it does , but in a tiny patch on the other side of the continent . 
  i still have n't seen snow . 
  the us health-care system can not be blamed on capitalism . 
  many neoliberal countries that are more or less equally capitalistic have more reasonable healthcare systems . 
  ( to uninformed readers , the australia tax is a euphemism and not a real tax . 
  i prefer the term australia gouge ) . 
  it 's amazing to me that on a completely unrelated topic the top comment is so blatantly partisan . 
  what a joke of a sub . 
  the answer was grassfires . 
  the image is taken over many nights and thus the fires on different nights make it seem like it is all on fire at once . 
  if they buy it from japan it will be half the price . 
  they should n't be subsidising shipbuilding in australia if australia is so uncompetitive . 
  let 's face the facts : japan and south korea are much better shipbuilders . 
  i do n't want taxpayer 's money propping up south australian industry . 
  edit : to whomever downvoted me : give me a good reason that taxpayers should pay double the money ( tens of billions of dollars more ) to subsidise inefficient south australian shipbuilding . 
  classic liberalism is basically synonymous with libertarianism . 
  so he is a liberal/libertarian , same thing . 
  reserve ratios are an outdated method of limiting lending .
