  averaging 3 better and having a sr 10 better is not par . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  kohli is far inferior to de villiers in odis . 
  even though ab 's rating and stats are obviously better you ca n't concede that ? 
  why not ? 
  ayyyye fuck off chris !, 
  exactly , stats do n't lie . 
  follow your own links . 
   looks like you have never liked kohli going by your history , but that 's your prerogative . 
  lol , you are off the deep end . 
  you care so much about a thread that you troll my comment history about whether or not i ` like ' kohli ? 
  ah well , wo n't change the facts . 
   like i said , i showed you the facts , most people with a decent knowledge of cricket would say ab and kohli are at part at the moment . 
  lol . 
  if you do n't know how to support your assertion , just pretend that you 're in the majority !, 
  you 're an idiot , cya . 
  both amla and de villiers are better batsmen , i agree . 
  swinging like you 're doing farmwork . 
  as in a big arc/slogging . 
  india were comfortably ranked number one at the start of the tournament , which indicated they were in good form . 
  they are probably still favourites . 
  on a hatrick !!!, 
  great over from david !, 
  morris you are shit !, 
  yes the king of the boers, 
  aj tye last over incoming from carlos !, 
  ... or not !, 
  yep, 
  i bet sa will regret picking him over dale now ... hindsight is 20/20 i guess : /, 
  no , it 's been like that forever . 
  it 's like if you run 1 and win , you ca n't keep running to add to your total score . 
  yep , i believe so . 
  kevin parker tame impala tells a joke, 
  nope, 
  why not ? 
  if it 's obvious the kick was intended for the boundary it should be paid . 
  well the saints were trying to sign him for a lower salary and gave him little confidence ... freo have n't made the same mistake and have signed him to 2020 so it 's not possible for him to ` do a runner ' . 
  why ? 
  you keep saying that like it were obvious ... back it up by showing your ladder prediction for this year or stop acting like a smart-arse . 
  probably wo n't happen but i wish he was more defensive , highscoring ping-pong football is n't as fun to watch . 
  at least fyfe is still fucking godly . 
   also the thousands of women that play afl would probably object to the claim that it 's a `` man 's game '' . 
  afl is literally a ` man 's game ' . 
  i know a lot of women play aussie rules but the afl is played by men only . 
  nat fyfe, 
  marcus adams, 
  shaun higgins, 
  todd goldstein, 
  jasper pittard, 
   ( a title which somewhere along the way went from judd to ablett , and now people want to hand that off to fyfe ) . 
  it 's pretty firmly established that fyfe is the best in the game now . 
   it 's only when you re-frame the question from `` who is the best player in the competition ? '', 
  or `` is mitchell one of the best in the game ? '', 
  to `` name all the players in the competition who are better than sam mitchell '' that you realize just how high he sits . 
  sam mitchell is the most overrated player in the game by far . 
  roughhead and rioli are better than him and they 're only the hawks who are better . 
  at least 20 players in the competition are better than mitchell . 
  i 'd take at least 20 players over mitchell . 
  fyfe , dangerfield , goldstein , franklin , rance , harry taylor , robbie gray , pendlebury , rory sloane , naitanui , the bont , joel selwood , jp kennedy , priddis , harvey , wingard , betts , roughhead , cyril , callan ward , sandilands , luke parker , ablett . 
  lol, 
   ca n't remember who said it last week, 
  haha that cam mooney story, 
  lol wtf dangerfield you idiot . 
  lol, 
  go port . 
  robbie gray, 
   every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment, 
  haha what . 
  so ignorant . 
  yep , best team in the league to watch imo . 
  so beautiful < 3, 
  someone shoot taberner . 
  take him out , for mercy !, 
  worst game of all time, 
  lachie neale just sealed it . 
  fyfe probably out for 2-3 months with a broken leg . 
  kill me . 
  fyfe may have rebroken his leg . 
  sounds like weagles around 2011 , you give me hope . 
  he was fantastic to start this year , just as good/better as last , so i doubt it will be that big of a deal . 
  the season is already fucked with sandi and bennell out , may as well be cautious with fyfe if it 's a re-break . 
  exactly my thinking ( y ) . 
  viney should get a week, 
   now i know what everyone felt about hodge last year with the comms sucking him off as he 's dogged someone . 
  so you did n't already know what everyone felt about hodge last year with the comms sucking him off as he 's dogged someone ? 
   if viney gets penalised , that 's pathetic . 
  why ? 
  lol, 
  slapped/punched him in the throat , should get a holiday . 
  you never know . 
  i believe so . 
  not even top 10 . 
  how is that n argument ? 
  idk , why ? 
  noooooo it 's broken !, 
  what did we do to forsake you fyfey ? 
  lucky ? 
  most people who read the rules would 've thought one week , possibly two . 
  two is worst possible for this, 
  ` stimulated ',
