  steve smith has n't come out and blamed the mic . 
  the only reason this is big is because steve did n't make a big score and because virat appeared to give an obnoxious send off about it . 
  leave it at that . 
  all i got out of this is that virat needs anger management classes , and consult someone like davey on how to mature . 
  video without the buzzer : http://www.foxsports.com.au/video/cricket/cricket/thomsons-hilarious-speech!499410\ufeff, 
  omg, 
  yes roger, 
  what the fuck, 
  seriously ? 
  it 's a checkered shirt . 
  everyone 's been doctoring pitches forever , it 's not ridiculous . 
  and as i said elsewhere , if a team does win away consistently , they will rise in the rankings relative to others if they also win at home . 
  there is no need to make away wins worth more . 
  unless you think a team being thrashed at home is not as bad as being thrashed away , which seems ridiculous to me . 
  you seriously have a problem with picking watson and marsh ? 
  smarsh has the best t20 batting record in the country and watson is the best ever t20i all-rounder . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zrtlvvkctwg haha classic , dale you legend . 
  you 're illiterate . 
  smith and warner are n't playing in that match . 
  how is that crazy ? 
  ian smith, 
  flat pitches, 
  well that 's just the reality . 
  he was touch-and-go to make the wt20 , and the selectors are sending signals that he wo n't be ready and wo n't be in the squad . 
  that means the ipl would be perfect for him to get back into professional cricket at a time he is expected to have recovered . 
  it 's almost certain that ravi ashwin will be 1st on the list in 2016 as well . 
  yes , because that 's historically true . 
  the pitches are low and slow ( i.e. 
  flat ) so it is hard to score quickly but also easier to stay in . 
  ca definitely fucked up with how few t20s they scheduled in the back end of 2015 . 
  surely a lot of the odis played since the world cup should/could 've been t20is instead . 
  well the prize money for the world t20 is over 3 million and close to the same as the world cup , so ca may as well treat odis and t20is equally at least . 
  leading wicket taker in the matador cup behind starc , and he has a good list a record . 
  so stupid that mankading is viewed poorly . 
  batsmen just have to back up better . 
  city oval at pietermaritzburg, 
  sharma, 
  3 . de villiers ( wk ), 
  williamson, 
  boult, 
  why ? 
  foxtel covers it better and is there for people who are prepared to pay for it . 
  all of them . 
  the leagues were of similar standard until players started moving to the vfl due to money . 
  wow that 's a shocking decision . 
  what ? 
  bailey better win the match on his own after robbing warner that badly . 
  bailey nz sleeper agent confirmed . 
  robs warner then fucks off himself . 
  well it looked like warner was unhappy with the decision as soon as it was given and then when he consulted bailey , bailey convinced him not to . 
  no watto , what the fuck :(, 
  ... or because he 's better than warne . 
  i 'll be surprised if narine is allowed to bowl by then . 
  he is the best odi batsman of all time , no doubt . 
  no ... they 're ranked 6th . 
  yep, 
  why 's that funny ? 
  i presume that 's there so that people ca n't use letters with accents on them like \u00f1 . 
  it 's one game and the public/media start shitting on the team big time . 
  aus could lose this series 3-0 and it would n't matter much , australia would still be far ahead in the icc rankings . 
  fuck yes dave , beautiful pull . 
  wow what a lofted six by dave . 
  good timing and placement . 
  warner 's bat is the exact same size as usman 's but they talk about his way more . 
  they 're obsessed . 
  this commentary really is garbage , i do n't know why aussies complain so much about 9 , at least it 's not this . 
  warner is a much better batsman so i do n't know why they 'd think that . 
  honestly i do n't hate rameez as much as these pricks , at least his quirks are a bit endearing . 
  everyone who has better than primary school grammar is a professor , eh ? 
  what a brain you have . 
  nah that 's harsh , he 's got a good domestic record and can be pretty useful . 
  biased *, 
  he 's hyped so much because he looks pretty i think . 
  it is quite annoying though , i agree . 
  what ? 
  really ? 
  which domestic matches , ranji trophy ? 
  lol ? 
  england recently lost a series to aus at home , why are you so confident ? 
  he 's not being a dick though ? 
  he 's just saying he does n't get it and that 's why the guy who is bragging about being popular in social media is the one making the signs . 
  it 's trendy to hate them because they 're fairly generic i think . 
  only 3 months !, 
  he wo n't have to miss any tests . 
  best news ever . 
  he is so fucking fun to watch . 
  i like his energy , his visible excitement when getting a wicket , and how you can see him thinking about what to bowl . 
  i love that he turns it a mile plus is really successful . 
  about a year ago . 
  it 's a circlejerk because `` a ball that does n't loose speed after it bounces '' does n't make sense . 
   the smith/ponting overlap was n't particularly lengthy , and occurred at a time when smith was being trialled as warne replacement # 23 rather than as a specialist bat with captaincy aspirations, 
  well he did debut after scoring heavily in the shield and averageing  50 in fc cricket . 
  but even though he was n't in the side for long , it might have had some effect because smith is bffs with ponting now . 
  in test cricket ? 
  yes . 
  in odis aus could lose many times in a row before losing no . 
  1 spot . 
  wow susan caught one for once . 
  apart from ab ? 
  brendon julian,
