  lol , pretty weird how you wank over that overrated piece of shit . 
  not even the best batsman to come out of india . 
  warner, 
  smith, 
  root, 
  de villiers ( wk ), 
  williamson, 
  broad is highly underrated compared to anderson . 
  they are similarly great , but broad is slightly better . 
  north, 
  cook ( c ), 
  root, 
  a.d. mathews, 
  younus khan, 
  ahmed +, 
  do n't know why you included kohli , he is an excellent odi player but far from it in test match cricket . 
  south, 
  warner, 
  smith, 
  de villiers +, 
  williamson, 
  taylor, 
  philander, 
  boult, 
  i just put the best batsman at 3 , ` worst ' at 6 . 
  warner, 
  smith ( c ), 
  root, 
  williamson, 
  a.d. mathews, 
  sarfraz ahmed ( wk ), 
  boult, 
  where is klinger ? 
  holy fuck you are salty . 
  how is that relevant . 
  the waca pitch was n't atrocious and the icc did n't rate it poor either . 
  is ishant sharma 's family name ishant or sharma ? 
  it was n't poor because although it did n't help the bowlers , it clearly had good bounce because the scoring rate was low . 
  if it did n't help the bowlers and was also so flat it produced a slow scoring rate , it would 've been rated poor as per the icc guidelines . 
  i 'll trust that more than your ignorant opinion . 
  mmmm let the salt flow though you . 
  i can feel the years of hurt . 
  please regale us of how you were traumatised as a kid by seeing india dicked by a hopelessly superior side . 
  i meant high , sorry . 
  still mean everything else i said , your opinion is still ignorant . 
   there are a hell of a lot of ignorant people around . 
  yep , definitely . 
  take it up with the icc and with international match referees , they 're the ones you 're disagreeing with . 
  there was bounce in the pitch , and it was hitting the bat hard , and i suspect you will agree . 
  if that was n't the case , and the pitch was flat , the scoring rate would 've shown it . 
  the reason so few wickets were taken was much more to do with poor bowling and good batting . 
  the balls might 've had something to do with the lack of swing but that is speculative . 
  if you agree that the pitch was n't overly flat , and know that the icc report did n't rate it as poor either , then how can you make the claim that it is ` atrocious ' ? 
  bro , australia wo n't have starc or johnson , the two highest ranked australian odi bowlers . 
  cummins will also be missing . 
  the selectors have also mentioned that hazlewood is likely to be rested after playing 6 tests in a row . 
  india have a very good chance of winning if you take that into account . 
  england vs south africa should be a ripper . 
   i think all modern batsmen struggle when its swinging/seaming/spinning . 
  all batsmen do , why single out ` modern ' ? 
   we havent had many fast bowler or spin bowler friendly pitches, 
  how can you say that ? 
  does n't seem accurate to me . 
  test batting averages are the same they 've been since the 1920s , there is no evidence to suggest modern batting is easier . 
  roads are not a new phenomenon no matter how much you romanticise the past . 
  a player 's points go down by 1 % for every test match they miss . 
  lol , tens of players do n't act like kohli . 
  he 's obviously a wanker , how is it surprising that opposition cricket fans do n't like him . 
  even plenty of indians do n't like him . 
  epic series for ashwin , up there with the best bowlers ever for india . 
  heh , you ca n't justify it on anything so have to make up a reason - ` diverse ' . 
  just look at the rankings and be done with it . 
  every batsman will have their fanboys -- you are obviously obsessed beyond logic . 
  why are so many people hating on the declaration ? 
  it makes sense because smith probably wants to give pattinson a rest no matter what the windies are bowled out for . 
  a voges triple would 've been nice but you ca n't base declarations on every milestone , and it was lunch . 
  kane is dogshit m80 , keep dreaming though . 
  it makes sense because smith probably wants to give pattinson a rest no matter what the windies are bowled out for . 
  a voges triple would 've been nice but you ca n't base declarations on every milestone , and it was lunch . 
  do n't worry , we have no starc or johnson , india should win . 
  most logical people . 
  wi would slaughter ireland . 
  stayed low . 
  living in the glory days now mate , now you 're getting dicked over there like the rest of us , 
  voges can bowl . 
  he 's young and still growing . 
  i like tubbs . 
  and his voice/accent is sexy :(, 
  anyone else love tubby 's voice/accent ? 
  i 'll take that as a no . 
  * i * still love you tubbs < 3, 
  ncn , also joel paris can as well i think . 
  anything for 140 + m8 , that 's all that matters . 
  umpire 's call at best . 
  weird that they were so confident for a review for that one . 
  wtf , it did n't even look out in real time . 
  100 % not out . 
  hey it 's u/thespeerosity, 
  wow this pattinson bowling is shit . 
  drop patto for bird ?
