  yep it 's amazing . 
  people complain about ch 9 but this has to be at least as bad . 
  you guys complained so much when nz toured aus but you serve up worse shit yourselves . 
  yeah it 's much worse . 
  probably magnified by their grinding accents . 
  some of the indians almost squared up with the umps in a few of the aus t20s , so i doubt shaking your head is even close to dissent . 
  god you 're thick . 
  i 'm just surprised after all you idiots shitposted every 5 seconds all summer about commentary , then you serve up even worse shit . 
  hahahahahah what a dismissal for the last wicket . 
  the rankings say the same thing ken , just de villiers one and kohli two , not the other way around . 
  the middle order does n't need changing after 3 games , they all have proven great records . 
  why are so many fans so kneejerk ? 
  seriously . 
  and then warner got a very poor lbw decision in the first odi , but you need to move on from ump decisions . 
  he did n't try to equate them . 
  he just said the process was bs . 
  which it was really ... allan border brought up a good point : when warner was walking off in the first odi , everyone saw the lbw decsion on replay . 
  but he still had to keep walking even though the umps knew it was wrong and could 've called him back . 
  that happens all the time . 
  so why should the umps use the big screen long after the fact in this case ? 
  do n't play dumb . 
  absolutely not . 
  why not smith ? 
   there wo n't be many more games because we need to squeeze in more india/aussie series because oz cricket care about tv rights more then the game itself . 
  nz care just as much . 
  they scrapped a test for this odi series just for more money . 
  can you really blame ca for wanting to play more often against bigger and better teams which also make them more money and have bigger tv numbers ? 
  spoiled kids ? 
  it was going on to rip out middle and probably should 've been given out , so they showed annoyance . 
  every team does that . 
  even mr. 
  spirit of cricket himself has been seen shaking his head after a 50-50 review was turned down . 
  man , you had to reach for that one . 
  both decisions were correct , but in the stokes dismissal the correct process was conducted and in this one it was influenced by the big screen operators . 
  why ? 
  ca n't tell if serious ... 
  yes , and i 'm saying you 're reaching hard and smith had good reasons to be disappointed in both , different , situations . 
  he has n't been good with the bat in t20is but has only a slightly worse domestic t20 record than gb and a good ipl record . 
  i agree and woul n't mind gb either , or warner , but i guess the selectors think having spds be the captain in all formats provides some continuity as well . 
  i think you mixed up aus and nz there bud . 
  best : taylor , holding , ab , brendon julian , ponting, 
  worst : nz team , geoff boycott, 
  aus is way better , they 've been # 1 for a while now and have been really consistent . 
  and now nz are losing mccullum which wo n't help . 
  it is most likely nzc 's choice . 
  they do n't seem to like test matches much because odis make more money . 
  predictions : the pitches wo n't be as dodgy as a lot of people are thinking . 
  i reckon the groundsmen will target a fair contest and not roll out absolute greentops . 
  peter nevill and mitch marsh to have good series . 
  mmarsh to be great with bat and ball . 
  lyon wo n't take many wickets and will be ineffective . 
  guptill , boult and southee to do well . 
  wow, 
  you do n't judge teams on one series . 
  australia have comfortably been the best odi team for the past year . 
  with starc coming back for the next series aus plays , i do n't see that changing any time soon . 
  nz are a very good team though . 
  man , the trophy is really shit . 
  a few sticks and some stainless steel . 
  well australia have a better record away than nz too . 
  australia is much better overall . 
  rambled ? 
  lol , he made a passing comment at a random interview when questioned about kohli 's obvious brattishness . 
  big bats have been ruining the game since the 1870s !, 
   ncn walks back in ? 
  definitely . 
   why was finch removed from captaincy ? 
  was it so they have the option of dropping him for khawaja ? 
  he will probably be injured for the sa warm-up games . 
  smith will have time to captain the team then and having the same captain in all 3 forms provides continuity . 
   why pick bancroft for the last t20 against india ? 
  is nevill really our best option ? 
  his glovework is good , put his t20 batting is poor . 
  nevill 's t20 batting is shit but rod marsh 's justification for his selection ( best gloveman over better batsmen ) is sound . 
  ok squad i guess - there were fuckloads of options so it 's hard to be critical . 
  ca 's scheduling to prepare for the world t20 has been utter shit though , so i doubt the team will be gelled enough to do well . 
  nice to see steve get the captaincy , he is a beautiful man . 
  his t20 batting record does n't warrant a place for him in the top 6 but he has a good ipl record which was probably a factor . 
  captaincy for all three formats provides continuity and he has chance to get a good feel of the side in the south african warm-up series . 
  harsh on finch though , as he is a much better t20 batsman and was doing well . 
  hazlewood and ncn are quality bowlers so it 's a big plus to have them in the team . 
  ` tis a shame moises was n't available . 
  best xi :, 
  finch, 
  warner, 
  spds, 
  big show ( pbuh ), 
  hastings, 
  agar is a pretty dodgy selection as he has n't debuted and does n't have a good record . 
  he clearly has talent though and is probably there to cover big show 's role if needed . 
  it 's sort of pointless for australia but that is ca 's own fault . 
  they do n't schedule enough t20is even though it is a popular format and could easily replace a few bilateral odis in a series . 
  just really poor planning on their part and maybe a bit of arrogance in not taking the format seriously enough . 
  nope , ca 's atrocious scheduling has meant australia has played far too few t20is in the past year to have a good idea of the best squad . 
  it 's not rod marsh 's fault australia has n't played enough t20is to have a good idea of the best team though , is it ? 
  ncn is fine , he 's been bowling in the nets and will play club/shield cricket very soon . 
  he is australia 's best t20i batsman so if he is fit he will be in the xi . 
  i agree it 's a good idea to have warner down the order , he has shown he is a beast anywhere in order in t20s . 
  agree 100 % on the top 6 . 
  i 'd have hastings over faulkner though , and hazlewood over zampa .
