  dutchies loving acting . 
  hardly anyone calls soccer football . 
  maybe if you hang out with soccer-lovers only . 
  greenland is a state of denmark much like wales is a state of the uk ( they 're both united kingdoms ) . 
  yes , except for the soccer snobs who try to pretend it 's called football in australia . 
  aussie rules is also older than soccer in terms of date codified . 
  but they 're all types of football . 
  no , it 's pretty heavily made up . 
  similar = / = derived from , and it 's silly to assume . 
  arsehole *, 
  yeah / r/perth boys get in here !, 
  sandgropers represent !, 
  no , they 're very anti-nuclear , to the point that they do n't co-operate with their closest ally ( usa ) because they might have nuclear weapons / nuclear reactors on-board their ships . 
  it looks like it wants to hit the cricket ball with its baseball bat . 
  and where do you think that is ? 
  is there a reason australia does n't have the commonwealth star ? 
  get a job mate . 
  yes , because of the favouritism he receives . 
  how old are you ? 
  cheques are still used for a few things , like sometimes paying a tradie or in business expenses . 
  how are you not used to it ? 
  nz has an economy the size of ukraine , and much fewer people , plus it usually has very similar data to australia . 
  of course , they 're comparing a range of countries , not every country in the world no matter how small . 
  unless you 're colourblind , i find it hard to believe you ca n't see that nz is grey . 
  the map-maker only compared a range of larger countries and left nz and most other countries blank . 
  * unless someone nukes antarctica , this wo n't happen in at least 5000 years . 
  plus i believe the level would be closer to 65/70 meters , not 80 . 
  they do as much as geelong have won 9 . 
  they have air-planes nowadays y' know ... and with a country about as big as the contiguous us , there are a lot of amazing places to visit ... plus sharks are a non-issue . 
  maybe you should read the top left bit instead . 
  the colour is malnutrition . 
  the colour is malnutrition . 
  it 's not a stretch to include aus and nz as part of the empire in 1921 . 
  you sound biased * . 
  * biased * is the adjective . 
  ` bias ' is a noun . 
  bias is a noun . 
  what the fuck ? 
  australia has a much higher immigration rate and also overseas-born population . 
  so you 're saying australia should reduce their immigration rate to the usa 's ? 
  they colonised india and learned about proper tea . 
  what ? 
  australia has near the highest immigration rate in the developed world . 
  fuck i love men 's tennis . 
  fuck yes , wa stonk !, 
  we got dat sweet iron and gas . 
  here 's 2011 : http://www.reddit.com/r/australia/comments/29ycba/tidy_infographic_what_does_australia_export/, 
  why ? 
  because they do n't love heavily subsidising renewables ? 
  nope , the liberal party just dislikes subsidising renewable energy . 
  well , jaguar is owned by an indian company but is headquatered in the uk and makes its cars there . 
  no , he does n't hate legal immigrants , he hates illegal immigrants . 
  clearly not all immigrants crossing into australia without visa are legitimate asylum seekers , and thus are illegal immigrants . 
  saudi arabia and the various gulf states have very similar approaches to norway ... state-owned oil/gas company and large swf . 
  so what am i missing ? 
  also , norway and the gulf states are more reliant on oil than australia is on iron ore. . . also , coal extraction is much less profitable and more capital and employment-intensive than oil ... also , norway and the gulf states suffer from extreme dutch disease , which you seem to imply they do n't . 
  why are you comparing them like they are the same ? 
  what principle ? 
  you realise that oil extraction is very different to coal and iron ore , right ? 
  selvagens islands, 
  avoids copyright takedown . 
  geographical ignorance is typically an issue , yes . 
  why is that surprising ? 
  ` tis nothing compared to the huge subsidies renewable energy receives . 
  more like indifference/unwillingness to damage the economy for the sake of looking good . 
  good idea op , but it would be better if you shrunk the pictures down a bit so they were more readable . 
  i 'm glad jokowi won ( i hope ) , from the point of view of australia . 
  most of the english-speaking world agrees it 's soccer . 
  you 're on an international english-language website , of course people will call it soccer . 
   are n't american, 
  are european *, 
  australia will never build new soccer stadia because soccer is n't popular enough to warrant it . 
  what is wrong with rugby stadia plus cricket grounds ? 
  australia has both private and state-provision healthcare . 
  many people have private health insurance but a universal health care system exists , paid for through a levy on personal income , which is lower if you have private insurance . 
  abortion is often handled through government-run healthcare facilities because catholic private health companies refuse to provide it . 
  if gays can do it , why not siblings ? 
  as long as it 's between consenting adults , i do n't give a fuck . 
  this is a word-for-word repost of an opinion piece posted here 2 days ago : http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/2a8hgr/joseph_e_stiglitz_wonders_why_australias_pm_tony/, 
  why was n't this submission removed for title editorialisation ? 
  such vitriol from a nation of sheep ... amazing . 
  carn doggies !, 
  good , they should n't be getting tax-payer subsidies if they 're a professional , money-making league . 
  they were federated but part of the empire . 
  they were n't independent . 
  they were self-governed , but not independent . 
  no they were not . 
  they were self-governed , but not completely independent . 
  it 's almost exactly the same for australia , but with slightly different dates . 
  yeah , basically . 
  britain still mostly controlled australia 's foreign policy and military , and all laws made in westminster applied in australia ( the australian parliarment could make additional laws , but not laws that contradicted westminster ) . 
  nice one mate !, 
  considering it was an election promise , i ca n't see how one could n't see it coming . 
  yep . 
  murali paved the way for chucking around the world . 
  and people wonder why there are so many chuckers around these days ... 
  i 'm not sure , but there is a theory that the cia got rid of the elected pm through the powers of the governor general of the day . 
  the pm was pretty socialist and wanted to nationalise the mines and whatnot . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_australian_constitutional_crisis#legacy ( read the last paragraph of the ` legacy ' section ), 
  if you live in queensland or western australia , a large portion of state government revenue is collected through mining royalties .
