  states own their mineral resources , not the federal government , so do n't expect to benefit from royalties if you 're not from a mining state . 
  move if you want to . 
  great , it is expected to provide over 5000 jobs and a lot of taxes through royalties . 
  i 'm happy for the people of queensland . 
  the port impacts will be minor compared to the much bigger negative impacts of run-off and tropical cyclones . 
   these people did n't get their fare share of the good times, 
  but they did and are still getting it , through the massive royalty payments to states governments , like i said . 
  for example , perth is receiving large capital works and also has a regional infrastructure program , all made possible through royalties . 
  also , the rich states lose a lot of money to the poor states through the gst equalisation , meaning all states benefit from one state doing well . 
  no , that 's the highest claimed ancestry . 
  the highest actual ancestry is very likely british ( english mostly ) , but that it not self-reported as often . 
  woah , take a chill pill . 
  renewable energy simply is n't economically viable for india , which is where all this coal is going ( an indian company is building the thing ) . 
  this project will provide cheap electricity for 100 million indians . 
  please put your hard-core ideologies aside and realise it is n't practical for poor nations to build very uneconomical power projects , and much better for their people to build nuclear and coal power plants ( which is what india is doing ) . 
  note i said india , not the indian government . 
  the people of india . 
  ... no it 's not . 
  the project was already very far through the approval process and a lot of it is driven by the queensland government . 
  i dare say most governments would have approved this project . 
  john pilger is hardly someone to take seriously . 
  he blames almost every world problem on the us . 
  he * is * a conspiracy theorist on a lot of things . 
  i have n't seen `` utopia '' , but i would n't be surprised if people do n't take you seriously if you use john pilger as some sort of source . 
  oh , i see , you must be right because of your internet qualifications ... 
  also the term ` white australia ' is unjustifiably racist , as not all white people had anything to do with government policies 50 years ago ... a lot of white people ( and asians ) have arrived very recently . 
  football dominates the market in all of those cities . 
  and what relevance does city size have ? 
  we 're talking about club sizes . 
  it 's the same league . 
  it it 's anything like australia , which it likely is , the states own almost all of their land . 
  the federal government probably mostly owns land in the territories . 
  here you go : `` most federal crown land is in the canadian territories ( northwest territories , nunavut and yukon ) , and is administered by aboriginal affairs and northern development canada . 
  only 4 % of land in the provinces is federally controlled , largely in the form of national parks , indian reserves , or canadian forces bases . 
  in contrast , provinces hold much of their territory as provincial crown land , which may be held as provincial parks or wilderness . '', 
  does n't surprise me . 
  federations ftw !, 
  why ? 
  canada was n't independent in 1867 . 
  that 's just the date of federation . 
  wow , 10f seems like a low temp for the max lowest recorded . 
  but i thought this sub was crying about a $ 7 gp fee like it would bankrupt people ... and suddenly lower prices once the carbon tax is gone are laughed at like they 're nothing . 
  savings from carbon tax = nothing , gp fee = end of the world . 
  this is $ 8/year for electricity . 
  it is predicted to be hundreds per year all up . 
  you seriously think the only possible saving is on gas bills ? 
  and that / u/pvtbobble 's gas bill is even representative of the average gas saving ( the accc has already said the savings will vary a lot across different states and that the savings figure is an average ) ? 
  wtf ? 
  you think slippery slope arguments are legit ? 
  no , the australian system is very different to healthcare in the usa and a small gp fee changes little . 
  if you want proof , look at new zealand -- their gp co-payment has n't gone up since it was introduced . 
  i seriously do n't understand how you think a slippery slope argument is a good one . 
  and c'mon now , you think the only savings are in a gas bill ? 
  what ? 
  what ? 
   well the only reductions that are being enforced are utilities . 
  i thought the accc is investigating any company that indicated they were increasing prices due to the carbon tax when it was introduced . 
  this article ( https://www.accc.gov.au/business/carbon-tax-repeal/our-role-in-carbon-tax-repeal ) certainly does n't say that the savings only apply to utilities . 
  how the fuck is that relevant ? 
  well , you claimed that the savings will only be enforced on utilities , which is wrong . 
  what clive palmer claims is not really relevant , as he claims all sorts of shit day-in , day-out . 
  save your ideological bile for someone else . 
  many organisations indicate it is a likely figure . 
  but if you think you 're better at estimating such figures , go ahead . 
   when it comes to abbott and his ideologue cronies i would n't put it past them . 
  i do n't trust them , and they 've shown time and time again why they should n't be trusted , so no i do n't support any co-payment , whatsoever . 
  simply because the risk of allowing these lying turds any chance , no matter how small , of increasing medical care costs is to great . 
  nokia killed itself . 
  your point ? 
  that pensioners and single mums are hit hard by the increased costs as a result of the carbon tax ? 
  i agree . 
  such a wonderful community here at / r/australia . 
  ... with the trade-off being no afl is played there , apart from 1 saints game . 
  how is this to do with abbott ? 
  the subsidies for lower electricity prices were on a 30-year contract and expired in 2014 for point henry . 
  wtf . 
  you complain about roadworks to improve public transport , and then complain the state government does n't care about public transport . 
  complete contradiction . 
  so to improve vehicle flow . 
  problem ? 
  eeew , no thanks . 
  also australia is a way better name for a country . 
  thanks , matthew flinders . 
  you think `` new holland '' is a nicer name than `` australia '' ? 
  i 'd imagine / u/skotch22 is talking economically . 
  still , india has a slightly larger economy than australia . 
  how ? 
   the individual states of the us do not have the same degree of separation as the individual nations of the uk, 
  why do you say that ? 
  states in a federation have even more power than subnational units in unitary states . 
  australia was in the ofc but beat everyone else too easily so moved to the afc for more practise . 
  you missed / r/janissaryrush 's point . 
  scotland is really only a country because people in the uk refer to the subdivisions of the uk as ` countries ' . 
  in terms of actual political power though , scotland has less power in the uk than us states do in the federation of the usa . 
  yes , some places use the word ` country ' to mean different things , because ` country ' is loosely defined , but on world maps it mostly means ` independent sovereign state ' , which scotland is not . 
   would you say that england is only a country because people in the uk call it a country ? 
  yes . 
  in fact england is even less of a country as it has no self-rule . 
  it is more accurately referred to as a nation . 
  so we 're in agreement that they are not independent sovereign states and have powers similar to states in a federation , and thus should n't be on a world map .
