  dangerfield then goldstein . 
  at least we might get pick 1 this season . 
  i hope we do n't waste it . 
   yeah i take most ratings systems with a grain of salt because of how they favour midfielders, 
  have you considered that ratings systems , the aflpa award , the aflca award , the brownlow et cetera . 
  favour midfielders because midfielders have more influence in the game ? 
  they get more of the ball and stoppages and clearances are a massive part of afl football . 
  it makes sense that midfielders and ruckmen dominate the afl player ratings imo . 
  no silly , obviously it means anyone over 30 , no matter how good they still are , should be sacked and/or traded . 
  he is third behind goldstein and nic nat according to the afl . 
  mumford , martin and gawn are rising quickly up the ranks though . 
  he very probably is the best ruckman at rucking in the comp but that can be nullified somewhat and sides can win the clearances despite sandi dominating hitouts . 
  i think the reason goldstein and nic nat are rated higher is because their contested marking is quite a bit better and they are more mobile around the ground . 
  having said that , fyfe and sandi are undoubtedly the best two players for freo though . 
  well there you go . 
  nic nat and goldstein must be ahead for a reason though . 
  it does n't really matter anyway , he is our second best player and i love him . 
  it 'll be massive when he retires , i hope he keeps going till he 's 40 , because griffin is old , clarke is not going well and behind them are the unproven hannath and possibly apeness . 
  he was shit for peel last week and is not named for either peel or fremantle this week , possibly due to concussion . 
  he did n't even play in the world cup, 
  carlton top , essendon second . 
  collingwood neutral . 
  i 'd rather him get the plate removed to minimise long-term risk and i hope he is put on the long-term injury list so that morabito or tanner smith can be upgraded from the rookie list . 
  our scoreline is a homage to sandi, 
  i love gunston . 
  wtf i love him . 
  omg gunston fuck you :(, 
  rory lobb please come home to freo . 
  we 'll give you 2 million a year mate . 
   i mean , * it 's a bit weird to say he 's not having an impact when he 's on track for 30 possessions * , but the hawks are definitely missing his inside grunt so far . 
  not really . 
  can happen a lot , players like priddis and mitchell always rack up disposals but their impact is n't always great . 
  marry me gunston, 
  i love you gunston . 
  good first game back for clancee . 
  if he came back into the side who would you drop for him ? 
   lyon would never drop sheridan, 
   ballas needs to be dropped, 
  i reckon he needs to be rested 'cause he has been knocked around the past two weeks a bit . 
  please , i like him too much to use the word ` dropped ' :(, 
  fuck gunston ( aka ab de villiers ) is good . 
  best on ground for hawthorn by far . 
  gunston is scrumptious . 
  what the fuck, 
  victoria : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cdycinfuuaau613.jpg, 
  western australia : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cdycinhuyaaslnm.jpg, 
  south australia : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cdycinmviaacqjs.jpg, 
  allies : https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cdycinkuiaiu9lk.jpg, 
  imo the team strengths are vic  wa  sa  allies . 
  wa vs. victoria would be a fantastic game , look at those teams . 
  keep in mind this is based on 2015 and 2014 and does n't include average ratings points since the start of this year . 
  anthony miles, 
  travis boak, 
  ahahaha no, 
  it 's not an americanism . 
  soccer is the majority english term for association football and was first used in england . 
  they 're not being non-chalant about it , what more can ross say ? 
  what is with the inverted commas ? 
   american culture has recently popularised the word which , to me , makes it an americanism . 
  but that 's not true . 
  the term was used at first in the uk and by the majority in the uk for most of the 20th century . 
  it refers to a form of football invented in england , thus is n't an americanism . 
  no , his argument is that europeans do n't speak english and this map is made for an english speaking audience , so it does n't matter . 
  since the majority of the english speaking world uses the word ` soccer ' when refereeing to association football , it makes sense to use that word on this map . 
  de boer also got 39 touches and had a better game but did n't get a call-up either . 
  so is a 35 + disposal game in the wafl , ignoring ball use , an automatic call-up to the afl in your world ? 
  i do n't see why it would be . 
  he was outplayed by his teammate in de boer and is still slow and ageing . 
   barlow was freos best player for the 2 weeks before he got dropped, 
  no he was n't . 
  walters ( https://twitter.com/aflplayerrating/status/726319956309090304 ) and then griffin ( https://twitter.com/aflplayerrating/status/728937827069657093 ) . 
  do n't get me wrong , he had a good two games but he was n't exactly bog and it is far from the stiffest decision when it comes to player omissions , and 39 disposals for peel is n't the standout performance you think it is either . 
  any semblance of thought . 
  unbelievable mitchell would do such a thing , he 's such a good bloke . 
  i love him 'cause he 's westralian and a beastly athlete . 
  the afl 's rating system , which combines all those stats and more , has buddy far ahead of the rest when it comes to key forwards . 
  http://www.afl.com.au/stats/player-ratings/overall-standings#position/key_forward ( the article 's consesus was basically what the ratings say -- `` even with those areas to work on , lynch looms large as the next challenger for franklin 's throne as the most prized key forward in the competition . '', 
  buddy is the best and tom j. lynch is next in line . ), 
  did n't look much in it , i thought he did n't connect high . 
  watching at the ground he definitely stood out . 
  i also happened to watch his game for peel against claremont before he got called up to team these last few weeks and he impressed me with his kicking . 
  good signs , seeing as he 's only just 20 . 
   the worst team in the comp, 
  essendon are much worse . 
   who are tanking, 
  how do you figure that ? 
   we 're playing teams for the future not for the present, 
  ` playing the kids ' . 
  the thing i always hear people bag ross for not doing . 
  and now he finally does and he 's apparently tanking in your view ? 
  will likely win against the lions and dons , 50/50 for saints though . 
  lol ... the fremantle backline is bloody shot . 
  mcpharlin retired , as well as paul duffield , johnson out for most/all of the season , suttcliffe dropped for being terrible and ibbotson and spurr in very bad form . 
  and now our best defender this year has broken his leg . 
  also no option for mundy to go to half-back next week because he 's done his calf again for fuck 's sake , and silvagni is n't even playing wafl because he 's also done his calf . 
  out for the season, 
  ross clearly pissed off at some idiots in the vic media who wo n't let harley move on with his life . 
  well that would be ideal . 
  it 's a stupid rule brought in by classic afl reactionary rule-making over 2 games in the 2008 season . 
  it does n't need to exist , the penalty for rushing a behind is already giving a point to the opposition .
