  industry ? 
  heaps of advanced economies have moved away from industry since the 1960s . 
  what ` storm ' ? 
  great . 
  howard 's removal of the indexation has cost billions in tax revenue , with little point other than howard 's short-term re-election goals . 
  australia did n't even have a recession during the gfc , while austria suffered an growth rate of -3.8 % in 2009 ... looks like your industry really helped , right ? 
  what ? 
  remote country towns faced the same nbn structure no matter who they voted for . 
  yes . 
  a lot of people would argue that the lower taxes and higher economic growth is a better way of improving quality of life . 
  poe 's law strikes again . 
  lower taxes does n't mean no taxes . 
  a country can still have a proper education system while having lower taxes . 
  i do n't know what you 're saying . 
  lower taxes does not equal no taxes . 
  but you can still have vital social services when having lower taxes . 
  take the country i live in , australia . 
  it has quite low taxes , but the public service is efficient , the education system is decent , and the welfare spending is well-targeted . 
  so it is a more prosperous nation than , for example , sweden , which has much higher taxes . 
   hahaha . 
   it 's not like lowering taxes does n't affect anything and everything is great and you still have all the magical money . 
  yes , that 's why it is good to have an efficient public services and welfare system . 
  similarly , you ca n't tax your way to prosperity . 
  they also have massive oil wealth , and can afford to drive away business because they have dat oil . 
  the best australia had was a resources boom from 2009-2013 , but continuous growth from 1992 to the 2000s was largely due to lower taxes and free market reforms . 
  you can have a structural deficit at the same time as economic growth . 
  hahahaha . 
  it 's funny how whenever someone tries to talk about deficits , some idiot comes along and looks at historic and current total public debt . 
  guess what : budgets are about future spending , not historic debt !, 
   by someone who does their research . 
  you mean massively cherrypicking ? 
  uhh , yes , you can reduce public debt by not borrowing more ( by issuing fewer bonds ) . 
  and reducing debt reduces the interest payments not insignificantly . 
  for example , currently the government pays more than $ 10 bn a year just on servicing the current debt . 
  hopefully they do . 
  economists have been saying for ages that the gst is one of the most effective taxes . 
  could n't have * said it, 
  it 's not like your daily vitriol is anything but content-free , right captain ? 
  yep . 
  no-one wants to take a hit , even if reducing spending means a cut in middle-class welfare . 
  well , australia 's gst is n't exactly high . 
  nz has a 15 % gst , the level that the states would likely raise it to . 
  what we get it return is more government revenue = easier to reduce debt without reducing spending on useful public services . 
  it might also allow for the removal of taxes like the payroll tax . 
  i 'm talking about the states , as that is where gst goes . 
   state power is often grossly abused and misused as well in my opinion . 
  i disagree . 
  i think the states should get more power if anything . 
  wa ( the state i live in ) has much better political discourse than federal politics . 
  smaller populations can govern themselves more effectively imo . 
  you misread . 
  i know bonds are payed back periodically . 
  you reduce public debt by issuing fewer bonds ( e.g. 
  borrowing less ) . 
  absolute utter bullshit . 
  you ca n't just use past trends to project into the future linearly . 
  if you want the actual myefo forecasts , look here : http://www.treasury.gov.au/publicationsandmedia/speeches/2014/fiscal_sustainability, 
  yes . 
   we would be in surplus by 2016 without and changes let alone drastic changes . 
  stop spreading lies . 
  yes , clearly . 
  please point me to actual forecasts if you want to disagree . 
  did you even read that document ? 
  what about this ( http://www.budget.gov.au/2013-14/content/myefo/image/03_part_3-7.gif ) shows a surplus within 2 years . 
  ffs . 
  read the fucking budget forecasts you idiot . 
  ` attaining ' ? 
  lol, 
  it 's not like the alp consistently made overly-optimistic growth forecasts , is it ? 
  stop running to political shit wherever challenged on something . 
  admit that you are wrong about your claim of a budget surplus in 2016 . 
  private and government debt are quite different when it comes to debt rating . 
  i know . 
  and that 's what howard and costello did : issue about 10bn of bonds and invested the borrowed money . 
  that is not an argument for continuing to have deficits . 
  that would be good . 
  it 's a * conspiracy theory * that / r/australia is obnoxiously left-wing ? 
  lol, 
  if wanking about how evil tony abbott is every day , then yes , we need less ` participation ' in politics . 
  new zealand is a poor , rainy version of aus . 
  a strongly held opinion . 
  what goes through the head of a fuckwit like you i wonder . 
  sees one comment and assigns a whole nation to it . 
  amazing . 
  the wa daily paper ( the west australian ) is proudly not owned by murdoch though . 
  seven west media ftw . 
   can someone explain to mr hawke that we will be stuck with that nasty crap for up to 1,250 years !, 
  in the bottom of a hole in the great sandy desert . 
  this is a great idea but australia is too full of feel-good greenies so it 'll never happen . 
  australia is geologically stable , very unpopulated , and has vast areas of desert . 
  it makes perfect sense to dump wast in wa/nt . 
  good post , but minor fix : new guinea is n't part of eurasia , it 's part of australia . 
   china 's demand is decreasing, 
  really ? 
  : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:electricity_production_in_china.svg, 
  their import demand will only increase further as they are running out of their own coal to mine . 
   their recent massive push for solar, 
  india clearly has a desire for more electricity , which will be met largely by coal . 
  one of the developers of this coal port is a state-owned indian company . 
  new zealand is n't a continent .
