  all cricket , all the time . 
  lol, 
  i think people focus way too much on the pitches . 
  they are better these days because the groundsmen are better trained and have better tools . 
  the drop-in mcg pitch is much better than the shit-house variable bounce thing that existed in the 80s . 
  ultimately you have to look at the results . 
  4 out of 6 of this season 's tests produced a result . 
  it would 've been 5 if not for the sydney washout . 
  that suggests the pitches have been good . 
  much better than it was though . 
  yep , underarm was legit and mankading is still legit . 
  i wish we saw more mankading . 
  it means you know the rules . 
  traded christian , paine and boyce out . 
  not sure about having hilfenhaus or a much more expensive player who will play only once this round . 
  andre russel so far . 
  i 've had lynn since the start , his starting price this bbl was 70,100 . 
  yeah i do n't mind having hilf 'cause he plays twice . 
  macgill is westrayan ... are you suddenly a sandgroper ? 
  de villiers would 've kept until vilas got to the ground . 
  evening, 
  i thought a spin bowler 's full toss is only a no-ball if it is above shoulder height . 
  good bounce , little bit of seam movement . 
  looks like a nice fast-scoring ground/pitch . 
   boo-urns is decidedly average at batting, 
  ftfy, 
  yep, 
  no it 's not . 
  it 's predictive technology . 
  if an umpire gives it not out and it is hitting 1 % of the stumps , you ca n't be confident it 's out . 
  umpire 's call is fine , drs is for howlers . 
  mccullum is signed for next year though . 
  you would take him over lendl surely . 
  you can only have 2 internationals . 
  surely it would be badree and bmac . 
  came back well after facing some lynnsanity . 
  we need this to happen . 
  that was definitely bavuma 's fault mostly . 
  ca n't blame vilas too much . 
  more of the latter . 
  the pitch has good bounce and carry and a few batsmen have gotten out due to extra bounce . 
  a bit of swing and seam movement on offer . 
  lol , pretty shit doosra . 
  first time i saw him use it was in the ashes , and it definitely looks like he chucks it . 
  probably because he does n't bowl it often enough for him to be reported yet . 
  he should eventually be banned from using it . 
  bradman played on plenty of lovely roads in his time , and playing in england is like playing with short boundaries . 
  sk warne , cv grimmet , and wj o'reilly bowling in tandem vs. viv . 
  why not ? 
  lol , no non-pak commentator can talk about wahab without mentioning the watto spell . 
  lol wow, 
  lol amazing, 
  heh the nasser article seems accurate , this crowd always seems so feral . 
  lol, 
  ** big show big show **, 
  great pitches *, 
  root 100 coming up . 
  are you kidding me . 
  the ram delivery of the day is the highlight of test matches in south africa . 
  anderson is an angry man at the best of times , i would n't read much into what he said about bailey . 
  marry me watto, 
  good shit watto , punish lyon . 
  unbelievable , do n't you dare contemplate dropping big show ( pbuh ) for anyone . 
  drop boland for watto though . 
  watto is a beautiful man who deserves to be in the world t20 . 
  any hint of disrespect for the man with the beautiful rig will be downvoted accordingly itt . 
  please yes , i miss him . 
  fuck that, 
  india because they 're going to be ranked no . 
  1 soon . 
  ravi ashwin 50 wickets in a series hype !, 
  doubt it . 
  rankings are a weighted average so retaining no . 
  1 ranking is actually easier if you play fewer tests . 
  fuck no , they should play a test every week . 
  you can never have too much cricket . 
  yeah but england had graeme swann . 
  now they have moeen ali ffs . 
  lol hales, 
  poor cook, 
  congrats india , no. 1 in the world for the first time since august 2011 . 
  yep . 
  just stupid salty poms . 
  hopefully , 
   this ranking system needs to give more weight to away victories . 
  why ? 
  warner counter attacks and punishes the bad balls more often than stone walling . 
  he stonewalled a bit in the uae . 
  6 months ago . 
   or moeen develops a mystery ball, 
  he has a doosra , which he very obviously chucks . 
  but i only saw him use it once this game , and it was a full toss to rabada that got hit for six . 
  england are n't on top , india are . 
  just look at the player rankings graphs , they show peaks very well . 
  yeah , so if a team does so , they will rise in the rankings more consistently if they also win at home . 
  there is no need to make away wins worth more . 
  congrats india , first time they 've been no . 
  1 since august 2011 . 
  uhhh , no . 
  it 's sa wanting to play odis because they make more money .
