  davidson, 
  ** odi xi using using icc peak rating algorithm : **, 
  greg chappell, 
  jones, 
  bevan, 
  mcgrath, 
  lee, 
  lawson, 
  according to the icc 's peak ratings algorithm , india 's test xi would be :, 
  gavaskar, 
  dhoni ( wk ) ( by far the highest rated on batting alone ), 
  if it makes you feel better about it , bedi is the next highest rated after gupte , 
  try root again , what could go wrong . 
  carbattery for england opener . 
  :( poor carbs, 
  hobbs is england 's best ever batsman . 
  at least it 's better than people putting langer anywhere near a best xi . 
  there 's much much more to batting than having a classical technique . 
  he 's definitely not a nerd judging by the bravado shown in some of the cricket.com.au vids , 
  her husband is definitely doing better when it comes to sport . 
  i bet his income is higher . 
  seems pretty accurate to me . 
  only thing in doubt is mmarsh - seems like a julio to me . 
  hahaa nowhere near it . 
  nowhere near as good as warner , no deal . 
  why are people downvoting my previous comment ? 
  kw is good , but his batting is not perfect and he is n't the best in the world in any format . 
  i do n't get why people are obsessed with textbook technique as if it 's the only thing that matters . 
  i did n't say he was n't good . 
  turns out it was a good leave . 
  warner , khawaja , henriques , head ( wk ) , smarsh , lynn , watson , big show ( pbuh ) , hastings , smith , lyon , bailey , pattinson , finch ( c ) , coulter-nile . 
   he could quite easily have been consigned to the scrap-heap like all the other leggies who failed their audition for australia . 
  not really . 
  when he was first selected for australia his fc batting average was 56.22 , coming off a season where he averaged 77.20 . 
  after he was dropped he kept scorings runs in the shield . 
  if the selectors ` consigned him to the scap-heap ' they would 've been mad . 
  smarsh is better in t20s and slightly worse in odis and tests . 
  if he 's * in the test team, 
  and the test squad is in the article ... 
  source ? 
  i could n't see anything on the ticket about public transport . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not included . 
  foxsports had it for the first season too . 
  did / u/lolyou22 really delete the posts he made about the flair bet ? 
  haha wow . 
  i hope jp does well here , for sa 's sake they look a better side with big vern , dale , and 2 other seamers with jp as the spinner . 
  carbattery has the best fc average of any specialist pom opener . 
  ergo \\ #carbsforengland, 
  in my opinion england should give taylor an extended run because of his good fc record . 
  england should also get gazza ballance in there by dropping compton or hales . 
  he can also leak runs . 
  and he looked impotent with the ball on england 's tour of the uae . 
  he could be dropped for england tour of india to allow them to fit in 3 spinners if india serve up dustbowls imo . 
  what the fuck was that review ? 
  bring back carbattery . 
  he looks pretty good -- good control , gets a bit of movement , and looks to set up batsmen a bit . 
  definitely promising . 
  fuck yes , the ram delivery of the day . 
  the moment we 've been waiting for . 
  or like sa in india . 
  yep , csa do n't seem to like test matches much and do n't schedule many , seem to love whiteball cricket though . 
  i belive odis are the favoured format for most of the sa public ? 
  yes watto, 
  is supersport a subscription company or free-to-air ? 
  surely philander would open with steyn , and not rabada . 
  warner , khawaja , henriques , head ( wk ) , smarsh , lynn , watson , big show ( pbuh ) , hastings , smith , lyon , bailey , pattinson , finch ( c ) , coulter-nile . 
  for me it would be yasir shah , a beast leggie like him would be good in all conditions i think . 
  plus he is really fun to watch . 
  hopefully he is n't banned for too long . 
  why ? 
  no-one knows . 
  but he is the best test batsman in the world , so the ` hype ' is there because of that . 
  he really is that good . 
  where he was the leading run scorer from either side ? 
  lol, 
  yes he did . 
  he scored a century against dale in his prime . 
  no they do n't . 
  i think spds deserved it more this year . 
  but last year i think davey deserved it over steve , so it evens out . 
  they both deserve an ab medal though , and it 's great to have two fantastic players in the same team either way . 
   considering his limited over exploits where he 's head and shoulders above the other three i 'm sure he 'll end his career averaging in mid 50 's . 
  how can you be sure ? 
  the game is littered with examples of great odi players who were n't great in the test arena for whatever reason . 
  and kohli does n't have a massive fc record compared to some of his teamates either ( fc average of 48 compared to chepu 's 55 , rahane 's 57 and rohit 's 54 ) . 
  fc record does n't always translate well into test level but it gives some indication of relative potential , yes ? 
  kohli is undoubtedly a great of the odi game , and it would be impressive if he could translate that into test greatness , but i do n't think you can be sure that that 's a given . 
  really hope he 's given an extended go in the test team , such a shame he 's not in the side currently !, 
  australia :, 
  remove joe burns , add joe root ( takes his place as opener ), 
  remove nathan lyon , add yasir shah ( even though ravi ashwin is better overall , i believe shah would be better in aus conditions , and ravi in spinning conditions . 
  since aus plays more in aus , shah is preferred . 
  i reckon he should open , for the good of the team . 
  allows 3-4-5 to be ian bell , gazza ballance and james taylor . 
  coulter-nile over lyon and it 's perfect . 
  haddin dropping joe root on 0 at cardiff . 
  almost certainly dropped that test and probably the series . 
  what is the big deal with this ? 
  players do it a lot in t20s . 
  dave warner has done it many a time in t20is .
