yeah i know right ... people can like runescape without likeing eoc ? 
  their comments should just be censored imo . 
  it 's sad that this is being used by eoc purists to argue that their 's is the better game . 
  just imagine ; what would eoc look like if it did n't have f2p . 
  much the same i 'd imagine . 
  looks like a bus to me . 
  and he is n't driving it . 
  wow , only 5k ? 
  did n't know it was that bad . 
  but regardless , i stand by what i wrote . 
  i have seen a lot of people say things like `` i would play 07 if it was f2p '' . 
  i think if 07 had f2p it would give a substantial player boost as well as longevity . 
  i 'm unsure as to why jagex do n't release f2p worlds ... perhaps because it lacks microtansactions and thus does n't bring as much profit ? 
  also , off topic , but why do you hate suomi 0 . o ? 
  he seems pretty nice to me , apart from a few too many dick jokes . 
  i see your point , that the people who play oldschool already have the full game . 
  but i think it could be worth it to have f2p servers for the people who are n't fully decided on whether they want to pay the money to come back to the game . 
  jagex could supply just 1 or 2 servers to see how it goes ; f2p has always acted as the hook . 
  1/99/1 obby mauler with 31 prayer . 
  `` cancerscape '' . 
  please grow up . 
  the two names are just so people can tell between which version you are talking about . 
  and since the eoc is a defining difference between the two games , it makes it easy to know what you mean if you call the modern game `` eoc '' . 
  yes , i would say it is a defining difference . 
  the combat system is a large part of the game ; the eoc is a complete overhaul of it . 
  sure , the live game has more quests and skilling content , but i would n't say they changed the fabric of the game . 
  i do n't see why it bothers you so much . 
  `` eoc '' is n't a statement on whether or not you like the game , unlike `` outdatedscape '' which a name you clearly made up to show how you feel about 07 , just like how some people with your maturing call eoc `` wowscape '' and `` squealscape '' . 
  i never said `` the '' , i said `` a '' . 
  that is sadly how / r/runescape is nowadays . 
  if you do n't conform with the eoc circlejerk hivemind you get immediate downvotes . 
  if doing slayer , attack is better . 
  you can make the game screen look bigger by decreasing your screen resolution . 
  but yeah , it would be nice if they made a resizable screen . 
  and less players . 
  psst ... you ca n't mention 07 here even though it is n't eoc-exclusive ... fanboys will downvote you . 
  i would get a blessed coif ( better than archer helm , similar price ) , snakeskin boots and ava 's accumulator instead of zammy cloak . 
  good luck . 
  yeah but momentum does n't give you as high dps as spamming abilities does . 
  osrs is designed to appeal to players who played back in that era , while a f2p mmo with fancy graphics like eoc is designed to appeal to new players , who are most likely of a younger demographic . 
  bobert5696 did n't state it as fact : he said that is probably the case . 
  yeah , becase there were very few bots at the release of osrs . 
  i have n't seen someone say there are no bots on 07 for at least a month . 
  you 're getting some bad advice here . 
  just read the rules and you will see that multi-logging is against the rules . 
  well then there is your problem . 
  autotyping is macroing and is against the rules . 
  it is good to see that jagex are actually taking action against autotypers for once . 
  but yeah , like others said , i would n't give away absolutely everything as you may want to play again after a while . 
  what is wrong with achievment diaries ? 
  good ideas , suggest them on the suggestion section of the oldschool forums if you have n't already . 
  you ca n't resell them after you 've finished training mining/woocutting . 
  insulting someone else 's opinion is n't really `` having a different opinion '' . 
  honestly , you complain about how osrs `` split the community '' while you `` blame '' them and deride them for not playing the game you play . 
  who is really splitting the community -- a lot of the blame rests on arrogance such as what you display . 
  you do n't get my point ... 
  i 'm asking why you complain about it splitting the community but then drive a wedge through you and players of osrs by deriding them . 
  * sigh *, 
  if you were perma-banned that usually means they are almost certain . 
  are you sure you never used any macros or anything ? 
  `` but we are n't asking to be unbanned despite botting '' wait , are you admitting you have botted ? 
  / r/australia is a subreddit where people post things relevant to australia . 
  the popular ones get upvoted . 
  hey , just a minor thing : in your article you write `` per say '' , but it is actually `` per se '' . 
  great article !, 
  that is not fttn . 
  you are using hfc cable internet ( hybrid fibre-coaxial ) , which is different to fttn ( which is fibre to nodes , and then internet over phone lines ) . 
  while cable internet does use nodes , the internet is then carried over coaxial cable to the home , not thin phone lines . 
  fttn and hfc are not the same thing . 
  it 's just an obvious troll . 
  just do n't bother responding . 
  too *, 
  there is an / r/gaming post that hopefully could have some success ? 
  what does orsf stand for ? 
  yes , the ge is not oldschool . 
  the appeal of this game is that it 's retro . 
  the ge would go a long way to remove that . 
  i am 100 % against the ge . 
  can someone explain to me why everyone wants updates to slayer ? 
  and can the jmods please release the questions to be polled before a poll is released , so we can have some discussion around it ? 
  the widely-held view that anyone who votes no on polls must be someone from eoc and could n't possibly be people who simply do n't think osrs should be updated so much is worrying . 
  a lot of people are n't questioning the wisdom of updates . 
  it 's not that hard ... it is `` whom '' whenever it is the object of a verb . 
  ... do you interpret it any differently ? 
  it displays right on that page that mostly ideologically right old people without a uni education are more likely to agree to the statement . 
  yeah , ` he 's ' and ` his ' do n't even sound the same ; ` would of ' is a more understandable mistake . 
  but i can see how , if you are a physical labourer or something , and hardly ever have to write for your job , you might lose english literacy over time . 
  too *, 
  than *, 
  what do you mean `` uses my magic level like slayer dart , or my mage attack bonus '' ? 
  the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  slayer dart 's accuracy is affected by magic attack bonus just like every other spell ... are you referring to the myth that mage attack bonus does n't matter when using slayer dart ? 
  can broad bolts be used by with an adamant crossbow ? 
  it says you need lvl 50 ranged and 55 slayer to use them , but not if you need a rune xbow or not ? 
  probably downvoted because he just pulled a number out of the air . 
  i do n't know how you think it qualifies as `` the truth '' ... 
  please for the love of roast lamb do not repoll this just because the people who did n't get their way are mad . 
  obviously you think / r/australia does n't have it covered well . 
  in that case , what is the problem with posting state and local political discussion/news/information to / r/perth ? 
  not really any point asking this subreddit alone , as it is basically rs3-only .
