  you are right though , cricinfo seems to love nz . 
  who cares if he has an amazing technique , that does n't matter much in t20 . 
  look at aaron finch , horrific fc player because his defence is dogshit , but number 1 t20i batsman in the world . 
  highlights : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zs8lujx8cnu, 
  because he 's not that great . 
  sodhi bhai, 
  he walked because the finger went up immediately . 
  nah , the finger went up immediately . 
  i prefer pieman tbh . 
  lol this collapse . 
  they 're lychees in this format . 
  still waiting for sodhi to replace pieman in the cherry-serving form of the game . 
  haha it was worse than this . 
  this pitch is ok tbh . 
  just goes to show that the nagpur curator needs a talking to from shastri . 
  badree is there . 
  narine is banned for chucking . 
  pig3 conspiracy respect from india, 
  he is a chucker and finally got banned . 
  he is a chucker and finally got banned . 
  big show ( pbuh ) , zampa , and agar . 
  spds has a good t20 bowling record as well . 
  badree is a very good t20 bowler , definitely he should do well . 
  always have faith in the lord and his messenger , big show ( pbuh ) . 
  and agar is in the side for his potential ^ tm . 
  spin included . 
   gone are the days when you could enjoy watching lara , inzi , mark waugh , damien martyn , clarke , sachin , sehwag and co negotiate spin the way it ought to be negotiated . 
  we 're in the age of soft dismissals to spin now . 
  haha , what crap . 
  there are plenty of good players of spin ; matthews , cook , smith , pujara , de villiers , amla , younis , misbah to name only a few . 
  slats , mate !, 
  i hope he brought tubby with him to india . 
  tasmania is n't part of england still is it ? 
  they 're nations but not sovereign states . 
  so not countries in the most commonly understood use of the word . 
  they did n't ? 
  they dropped catches and lost a game they probably should 've won . 
  the pressure definitely seemed to get to them . 
  dropped catch at slip deflected into the helmet behind the stumps . 
  video here : http://www.cricket.com.au/video/dan-christian-dropped-five-penalty-runs-victoria-new-south-wales-sheffield-shield-alice-springs/2016-03-18, 
  great effort from the vics here . 
  because he 's a good t20 bowler and has a good record . 
  how is it a miracle he 's in the squad , it 's common sense ? 
  who would you rather pick ? 
  we picked our very own pieman , he is pure potential ^ tm, 
  victoria vs new south wales round 10 of the 2015/16 sheffield shield . 
   note this was before modern bats , modern batsman friendly pitches , shorter modern boundaries, 
  pitches have been batsman friendly since the 1930s , and are n't really any friendlier nowadays . 
  modern bats and shorter boundaries are massively over-hyped , have had a minimal effect on batting averages in test cricket , and have been counteracted by better bowler fitness etc. 
  not that that takes away from bradman 's achievements and he 's clearly the best batsman of all time . 
  just that it was n't really any harder to bat back in his day and bringing up those points is not really relevant . 
  disappointing :(, 
  ** big show big show **, 
  surely james anderson would take that title . 
  same sort of sneer but actual evidence that he 's a bully in the squad . 
  kohli also has that resting cunt face . 
  no it 's not a drop in . 
  nevill you failed at your one job . 
  cumming ? 
  it 's definitely a bat first pitch . 
  yes big show ( pbuh ) . 
  best fielder . 
  santner obeys . 
  no , god is . 
  biased * . 
  bias is not an adjective . 
  nope, 
  hawkeye and the umpire disagree . 
  sorry , you 'll have to try harder to find an umpiring excuse this game . 
  fuck yes that cover drive steve . 
  good game . 
  agar vs santner the difference imo . 
  it 's the same thickness as usman khawaja 's . 
  and yet the commentators rarely mention anyone else 's bat as often as warner 's . 
  at this point it seems to be an idiotic commentator 's meme . 
  what the fuck . 
  their sentence does n't include being tortured on the way out . 
  it did, 
  lol , fuck, 
  holy fuck what a game . 
   as much as he is a cautionary tale for team selection based on pontential, 
  what ? 
  he was always a justifiable selection because of his stellar fc record . 
  much less of a selection based on ` potential ' than a lot of other players . 
  this is very similar to australian pitches , much more than anything they 've seen this tournament . 
  what do you mean ? 
  what the fuck steve . 
  i love you < 3, 
  what a shot !, 
  sweetly timing them . 
  not only are you pointing out the obvious tubby , you 're actually wrong . 
  he 's so shit :(, 
  he 's better than slats at least . 
  the athlete has safe hands . 
  steve, 
  ab double coming up . 
  he is massively better than kohli in odis , obviously not in t20is though . 
  at par , no way , are you kidding me ? 
  ab is massively better . 
  he has been rated number one in the world pretty consistently since 2010 for good reason .
