  wtf . 
  where do you get your massive xenophobia of americans from ? 
  are you sane ? 
  where did you get that idea ? 
  the australian government is one of the least corrupt in the world ... why that government in particular ? 
  i feel like corrupt dictatorships should die instead . 
  i believe the visigoths are represented by the yellow flag with the cross . 
  it 's not exactly surprising that australian history focusses on europe , and it has little to do with your hatred with tony abbott ; the modern state of australia is inextricably linked to the british empire , and through that , europe . 
  the australian government is hardly much worse than any other first world country 's government ; in fact it is less corrupt and better run than most others imo ( better than all of southern europe , asia , middle east , usa ) . 
  actually , while our economy is very integrated with asia , our values are very much still that of a western democracy . 
  to pretend otherwise is blind dishonesty . 
  we do n't obsess about europe , in fact we have very little to do with europe , but our cultural background is very closely related to the commonwealth . 
  just because that might not fit to your political ideologies , it does n't mean it 's any less true . 
  `` evidence '', 
  oh great , a tinfoil hatter . 
  post your shit to / r/conspiracy instead . 
  you * could * care less ? 
  so i guess you hate sovereign wealth funds ? 
  and the idea of the future fund ? 
  agreeing with news.com.au comments is usually a good barometer for rethinking your view . 
  you you were being sarcastic ? 
  you should n't rely on vague sarcasm in text-only communication imo ... `` i could n't care less '' makes far more sense and does n't rely on sarcasm . 
  yeah i very much disliked the middle class welfare howard gave out . 
  so : since you dislike surpluses , do you also dislike sovereign wealth funds like the future fund ? 
  `` in english , most people mean ice hockey when they say ` hockey ' '' ... what ? 
  maybe in america , but they would be the exception . 
  ... it was a pretty big deal when costello brought it in . 
  how have you not heard of it ? 
  and a chinese person would be lumped together with an indian . 
  why do you have a problem with `` white '' and not with `` asian '' ? 
  some person 's ideological sketch of how evil advanced nations are highly restrictive on immigration , by the looks of it . 
  more like germanised celts , really . 
  either association football or soccer is good , but just ` football ' is ambiguous in an international forum . 
  the far left in australia is all about a self-imposed ` cultural cringe ' . 
  most people in australia * do * realise the massive significance of western culture and the commonwealth . 
  nah , the location was n't a big issue . 
  other plants nearby did n't get significantly damaged because they had the correct precautions and a good seawall . 
  fukushima taught us that the regulator needs to be a bit more strict on seawall protection in tsunami-prone areas . 
  the location was n't a massive issue . 
  other plants nearby were n't harmed much . 
  the problem was that fukushima did n't have the correct safety precautions and did n't have a high enough seawall . 
  there are heaps of nuclear power plants being built . 
  a little bitter , are we ? 
  `` at 2.2 per cent of spending , $ 9 billion is the same as the sum the government spends on non-government schools , on residential aged care and on newstart . 
  the only way to drive it down ( short of a cut in interest rates ) is to start running budget surpluses . 
  that 's why it 's talking about temporary taxes and slowing increases in the pension . 
  it 's why the budget will be unpleasant . '', 
  very interesting article , thanks op . 
  it shows that the government should be very eager to achieve a surplus , due to the large interest payments on debt . 
  either do it via reducing spending ( especially middle class welfare ) and/or increasing revenue , but at least this government has shown a real interest in taking unpopular decisions for the good of the future . 
  the problem is that taxes are very unpopular . 
  just look at the reaction to the potential temporary income tax increase , and the reaction to that : a fall in the polls and even / r/australia was complaining . 
  the mining tax was almost useless in terms of revenue raising and was not like the henry tax review proposed . 
  when julia came in she weakened it even more . 
  getting rid of the mining tax does n't harm the budget much at all , if any . 
  as for the carbon tax : i thought , correct me if i 'm wrong , that most/all of the revenue raised went towards compensating consumers for the price rises that resulted from the tax . 
  i agree the spending by rudd/swan was needed , but the carbon and mining taxes would n't have solved the present/future revenue problems . 
  is this sub a labor party convention ? 
  i am happy he is increasing taxes on high income earners to reduce the deficit , and i was under the impression that most of this sub is too . 
  wealth is not gdp . 
  wealth includes assets . 
  that sentence is awfully long . 
  remove yank remove yank , yuo are worst burger . 
  uk + canada + anzac = we will get you, 
  it is very easy to leave australia for new zealand . 
  why would you post a shitty , cropped version ? 
  it was embarrassing . 
  they did nothing but shout down their opposition , achieving nothing but making most of the public think less of them . 
  meaningless hyperbole is now, 
  a mob suppressing discussion is pretty undemocratic , do n't you think ? 
  nowhere near as bad as tonight 's episode though . 
  the cost of living for canada is much lower than for australia . 
  only norway and switzerland really beat us . 
  australia never had a recession during the gfc and lots of people are really rich , plus we have a high immigration rate ( which canada does as well , i guess ) . 
   immigration is the only reason our population is growing at all, 
  that is simply not true . 
  this subreddit is definitely not representative of most australians . 
  it is far more left wing and partisan . 
  ... says the socialist . 
  the unemployment rate in australia is about the same as nz . 
  and australians are quite a bit richer than new zelanders , plus the mere size difference of the economy is a big positive . 
   ( ignore the racists ), 
  what racists ? 
  yeah ... by shouting down a discussion forum . 
  great job !, 
  but in this case the spelling is n't irregular/nonsensical , like it is in quite a few english words . 
  why has n't denmark joined the euro yet , if they have pegged it anyway ? 
  danes prefer the pictures on their banknotes more than the euro 's ? 
  pollard and a lot of the windies are fuckwits . 
  they act like they 're living in the 80s . 
  someone should give them a memo that they are cricket minnows now and their ego does n't match reality . 
  the emu war was n't an actual war though , it was just an unsuccessful cull . 
  uhhhh ... it got way blown out of proportion by left-wing green groups . 
  no-one is dumping on the gbr , just off-shore , within the park limits . 
  seriously , do n't believe the shit people spew at / r/australia or / r/worldnews . 
  it 's a small portion of the reef park area , and there are a lot of restrictions on it , plus the company has to do things to compensate for it , like plant seagrass . 
  it is insignificant , and the massive economic benefit far outweighs it anyway . 
  so norway is 3rd world even more than australia ? 
  where are you getting your definition of `` 3rd world '' . 
  economic advantages = taxes on royalties , worker wages for mining the coal,
