  hodge wo n't go . 
  our bowling was the thing that failed us ( and bailey bizarrely putting finch on for an over ... ) . 
  hopefully coulter-nile is dropped for faulkner and haddin is dropped for cameron white . 
  that way , finch or warner can be wicket-keeper and we would have a much stronger tail-end . 
  this is polandball . 
  if you ca n't take country-bashing , you should n't be here . 
  new zealand is our wales . 
  big show , big show . 
  you 'll never escape it big show . 
  antarctica counts . 
  therefore we win . 
  on the other hand , malinga did very well in the bbl , showing that he will trouble the australians a lot . 
  we have practice against him , but practice can only get you so far . 
  everything is easier compared to his traumatic experience with cantonese . 
  affect * anyone . 
  affect is ( usually ) a verb , effect is a noun . 
  but yes , i agree ... this subreddit will take any opportunity it can get in order to hysterically attack abbott and co. 
  yeah , it looks like the modern western democracies of nz and the uk share these ` feudal titles ' . 
  how horrible . 
  goddamn bailey fucked up . 
  did n't even bowl muirhead 's 4 overs . 
  i do n't understand why we obsess over pace so much ; the stats show that spinners are great at t20 . 
  hopefully they learnt from this and pick both hogg and muirhead for next game or at least bowl all of our spinner 's overs out . 
  i said before the tournament that our bowling sucks , and i 've been proven correct . 
  lol . 
  keep being mad jeeverz : lankans are saints and aussies are devils . 
  how many tests has lanka won against the aussies ? 
  `` shit , it 's practically saving people from themselves . '', 
  definition of nanny-state policy . 
  just like how censoring video games is saving people from themselves . 
  i ca n't believe how many people are defending a law that makes it illegal to * offend * . 
  on the right of politics ? 
  do you not know which side is defending this legislation , including the wording that makes it illegal to offend someone ? 
  and yet there has been massive outrage on / r/australia about it . 
  should n't people be focussing on `` more serious things '' ? 
  pffft , all aussies are scum and have been since ian healy . 
  they should just be banned for being competitive . 
  at least we still drive on the correct side . 
  i hope bangladesh wins this match because :, 
  a ) no-one in australia seems to care about cricket anymore ( afl ftw ) , but lots of bangladeshis probably care about this game . 
  and, 
  b ) it 's a dead-rubber anyway so it does n't hinder our progression or anything . 
  i hope bangladesh wins this match because :, 
  a ) no-one in australia seems to care about cricket anymore ( afl ftw ) , but lots of bangladeshis probably care more about this game . 
  and, 
  b ) it 's a dead-rubber anyway so it does n't hinder our progression or anything . 
  yeah , exactly what i think . 
  polen is kell, 
  paging / u/contraryview, 
  who would n't want them to get a win with this sort of crowd !, 
  no most do n't and they should n't . 
  you should respect the umpire 's decision imo . 
  take the good with the bad . 
  and it 's not just aussies ; the vast majority of international cricketers do n't walk . 
  mate , if you were being payed hundreds of thousands of dollars to play and do your best to win for your country , i find it hard to rationalise walking . 
  cricket is no longer amateurish . 
  like i said : for every time you do n't walk , you 'll be given out when you 're not . 
  take the good with the bad and obey the umpire . 
  i 'm all for improving the accuracy of umpiring , but i ca n't see complete 3rd umpiring being accepted , seeing as it slows down the game and india do n't even accept drs as it is . 
  umpires are fine for most things ; drs can deal with the clangers . 
  look mate , since you 're getting it consistently wrong :, 
  it 's = contraction of ` it is ' or ` it has ', 
  its = possessive , like ` his ' or ` her ' . 
  `` i value its marketability '' . 
  good luck against wi -- i hope chucker ajmal pops gayle 's ego . 
  hogg was n't a bad selection , i do n't know why you singled him out . 
  steve smith is n't great at t20 . 
  bailey 's captaincy was poor , i agree ; he should 've bowled spin more . 
  the wi game was very winnable -- i think that was ours to lose , and we would have won it if haddin did n't miss gayle 's stumping . 
  overall , our performance was n't that surprising -- our bowlers did badly and were too loose . 
  the most surprising game was vs. india . 
  that was just india being too good + our poor batting ( too aerial and maybe not motivated , seeing as it was a dead-rubber ) . 
  great hitting . 
  great to see ajmal slogged ... great batting to finish the innings . 
  first ball !, 
  great start !, 
  why ? 
  not everyone is a hopeless vic . 
  what is your point ? 
  why ? 
  the surrender joke is about their poor performance in wwii . 
  because it was deleted last time . 
  fucktard 's what ? 
  why ? 
  poor , hippy version of australia . 
  kiwis always brag to australians about the fact that they gave women the vote first , but australia gave women full electoral rights before nz . 
  that 's mpg 's point i think . 
  they are almost exactly the same . 
  australia invented plastic money though . 
  then they sold the right to make it to nz . 
  thanks !, 
  it is there + it has a massive coat of arms on display . 
  how is this `` fuck new zealand '' ? 
  how is belgian congo at all relevant to this ? 
  fairly irrelevant to a discussion about the british empire though . 
  `` keep in mind china has been far less aggressive than the us in recent times . '', 
  not in asia , which is the area we care about . 
  the us is a far closer and better ally . 
  we can never be like the swiss , who have conscription and are geographically isolated , as well as keeping everyone 's money . 
  you 're dreaming .
