  the continent had existed well before 1788 and the country has existed since federation in 1901 . 
  not really , it 's only vague if you did n't learn about federation in primary school . 
  is that meant to be a bad thing ? 
  ned flanders ' history in the ipa is well known . 
  vice is such shitty ` journalism ' it is laughable . 
  or it would be , if it was n't often submitted to this sub and upvoted . 
  lolno, 
  perth mint is beastly , i recommend the tour . 
  well it 's not incorrect to say aussie rules was invented to make use of cricket 's unoccupied temporal space . 
  he is being stupid , india would be smashed at home or away against any of wi , england or australia 's xis . 
  especially australia , there is no way a team with the batsmen and bowlers they have would lose to a team whose best pace bowler is kapil . 
  what the fuck , england ca n't find anyone better than these bowlers . 
  rashid is a pie chucker and willey and stokes lack control . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/bjthecool3, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/bjthecool3, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/bjthecool3, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/bjthecool3, 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/bjthecool3, 
  lol , nz is one of the most enthusiasticly neo-liberal countries there is , there is no way you have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  dave and steve at the crease together , what a beautiful sight for an australian cricket fan . 
  big show back foot drive first ball for four !, 
  watto telling the gremlin fuck to piss off , love it . 
  telling the lucky gremlin to piss off , i 'd reckon . 
  lol , you are pathetic, 
  save your braincells and pay no attention to / u/bricolagefantasy . 
  in his world russia is king and the west is always collapsing . 
  obviously he was n't obstructing the field and the umpires gave him not-out , so your title is wrong and this is a shitpost . 
  i ca n't bring myself to care too much about this generated ` controversy ' over stokes . 
  pretty hard to argue it was a terrible decision , and stokes is pretty useless anyway . 
  australia were the better team in any case . 
  cricket seems to love controversy over umpiring , such a waste of emotive effort . 
  yeah i do n't get the big deal to be honest . 
  lol , no nerve struck ... 
  i was just stating the obvious , 
  big show ( pbuh ) in the test squad , the prophet of our lord is truly great . 
  ** big shoooooooooow **, 
  the pimp of legspinners . 
  he 's shit , worst voice in commentary . 
  seriously , how does anyone like him . 
  i do n't get it . 
  ah , the same spin bowler problem england have then ... 
  he was n't great , but the rest of nz were so shit he stood out . 
  unbelievable , worst review i 've seen in a while . 
  it becomes dead when it gets stuck like that . 
  should have appealed if it was on the ground , but since is was dead you ca n't be out . 
  do n't see why we do n't just play 6 batsmen in the team . 
  being vastly inferior also does that . 
  o'keefe should have been given a long go ages ago , lyon is very mediocre . 
  ca n't get enough masterclasses from the best batsman in the last few decades . 
  how does that speak volumes . 
  have you heard of the ashes , a series of 5 tests regularly played between england and australia ? 
  no , the ashes was n't invented today . 
  good over from mmarsh , got ta admit . 
  he 's doing movember this year . 
  still the best allrounder nz 's ever had and in the top ten allrounders of all time , bit harsh . 
  especially when it 's not proved that he fixed nz games . 
  what is the outro song ch 9 just played then ? 
  thanks . 
  after windies test tour and india 's white ball tour we go to nz for 2 tests and an odi series . 
  dave is so fucking good , i love watching him bat . 
  siddler i miss you :(, 
  spot on . 
  i like him as well . 
  his voice is so good . 
  as we saw in the warmup game , clearly tom latham is the best bowler . 
  blue is best , c'mon guys . 
  lol, 
  mcgrath, 
  top 10 best ever pace bowlers for australia , definitely better than johnson . 
  would n't be a bad choice . 
  already is . 
  he was ranked no . 
  3 in 2014 for a brief while . 
  dave, 
  big davey warner, 
  fuck he 's a beast , so good, 
  big vern :(, 
  lol, 
  grassed it . 
  if it touches the ground it 's not out , sorry kane but that did n't carry . 
  read the rules , that 's not out . 
  lolololololololol i called it . 
  yes !, 
  talking to my dad , told him the commentators are talking ab up so he 's gon na be clean bowled . 
  almost clean , we were both ecstatic . 
  love contests like spinners vs ab on a dustbowl . 
  lol , that hashim wicket . 
  india 2nd place , very close to sa, 
  by a decimal point in the ratings . 
  stiaan van zyl to win the game . 
  you heard it here first . 
  umesh hard down by there ... 
  man that was a glorious shot through the covers from stiaan van zyl . 
  cheteshwar or ashwin pls . 
  the icc rankings will though . 
  not really . 
  anyway , personally , i do n't give a shit about home/away runs , they all count . 
  the rankings is more useful to determine their usefulness . 
  pujara is a beast . 
   what do you guys think ?
