  all you have to do is show up to the booth . 
  there is no law making you actually vote for someone , at in australia . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  neither do you quite honestly . 
  justice is not revenge . 
   that 's a wrong way of ensuring turnout though . 
  why ? 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` jackdaw is a crow . '', 
  is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is a scientist who studies crows , i am telling you , specifically , in science , no one calls jackdaws crows . 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying `` crow family '' you 're referring to the taxonomic grouping of corvidae , which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens . 
  so your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people `` call the black ones crows ? '', 
  let 's get grackles and blackbirds in there , then , too . 
  also , calling someone a human or an ape ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how taxonomy works . 
  they 're both . 
  a jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said a jackdaw is a crow , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows , which means you 'd call blue jays , ravens , and other birds crows , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  til other places use different words . 
  so sympathising is the same thing as thinking flaying is a proper punishment . 
  got it . 
  does that mean australia gets the new head too ? 
  do all the realms have the same visage ? 
  the current head in australia is the same as the uk one so just wondering . 
  why do you deliberately say stupid things ? 
  it 's far cheaper and more direct to deter people smuggling than to provide a relatively small amount of foreign aid in the hopes that it will appreciably reduce asylum numbers . 
  ca n't be worse that / r/australia in jerk levels . 
  if you 're talking about saudi arabia and the gulf states , then yes . 
  loads of chinese immigrants . 
  barely any chinese immigrants come illegally via boat so i do n't see how that is at all relevant . 
  and australia has had a boat turn back policy for over a decade so abbott has little to do with it . 
  australia still has the highest immigration rate in the western world . 
  most do , yes . 
  sports are for bogan idiots to distract them from the fact that tone abet is a cunt . 
  13 , no injury . 
  but the us has universal healthcare . 
  do you mean single-payer ? 
  not really . 
  it has no relation to military intervention . 
  the uk also loves killing thousands in the middle east but have a ( albeit shitty ) single-payer system . 
  the us government spends more on healthcare than most other countries . 
   i just wan na say thank you to all you silly republicans for the downvotes , what are you guys like . 
  or maybe people are down-voting you for a being an idiot . 
  just a thought . 
   the politically most powerful countries can have shitty living conditions . 
  sounds like you 're just making up for your inferiority complex . 
  finland is a cold dark place with extreme ethnic homogeneity , a depressed economy and poor quality of life compared to many non-nordic countries . 
  tough shit . 
  no it should be blue . 
  of what ? 
  big show on the mic . 
  omg i love you big show, 
  not unsurprising coming from him, 
  utter shit . 
  big show for life . 
  nobody drives like that . 
  shut up warne you 're distracting him, 
  cameron ` facial expressions ' boyce, 
  fuck i hate the leftists in this country . 
  there are plenty of them jerking in / r/australia if you want examples . 
  the current government tried to weaken the hate speech laws and the whinging from the leftists was so great that they abandoned their efforts . 
  the central bank has to , by law , take it . 
  cameron ` facial expressions ' boyce, 
  chris ` blind rock ' rogers . 
  got it because i am short-sighted and colourblind and play a defensive role in my cricket team . 
  it would n't be competitive enough , no-one wants to see a big cricket nation bully a small one too often . 
  big show pbuh *, 
  7 mad kiwis in the area it seems . 
  but yeah , they should keep their shit to the nz match thread . 
  people who give a shit about it are there , not here . 
  haddin looking very dodgy . 
  association football did n't come first . 
  there is no such thing as other codes ` copying ' the word , because soccer is younger or of equal age than a lot of the other football codes in the world . 
  all the footballs involve kicking the ball with the foot . 
  association football has no primacy or priority here . 
  it is not the `` first sport '' or the `` original sport '' among football codes . 
  the hypocrisy is astounding . 
  i liked it . 
  nice and chilled , not over-the-top and expensive , but entertaining . 
  lnp shill detected . 
  `` i 'm a card carrying greens member '' suuuuuure mate , pull the other one . 
  apparently you want foreign corporations to dictate their own rules and fuck australia . 
  uhhh wtf , that is in no way racist ... 
  what is wrong with it ? 
  good bowling , yorker then the slower ball . 
  yep , finch ca n't play spin . 
  clarke and spds time please . 
   the best two players of spin in the team, 
  what about the ** big show ** ? 
  he is a very good player of spin ... 
  exactly , he is a much better player than mmarsh when they are both compared on the number six position . 
  what ?
