  it 's an island . 
  the continent of australia only includes new guinea and australia . 
  not the anglosphere . 
  immigration stronk . 
  shadowbanned because our resident rabidly left-wing conspiracy theorist / u/doggie015 complained about being vote-brigaded . 
   did his `` mate '' have to pay $ 7 ? 
  you do realise the co-payments do n't come into effect until 1 july , right ? 
  germany is able to buy electricity from neighbouring countries when their renewable supply inevitably falls . 
  but the thing you should really know is that germany is a horrible example of reducing co2 emissions . 
  they are shutting down all of their nuclear power plants , and renewables are only taking up that slack . 
  they still use just as much coal as they did 10 years ago . 
  the germans are plagued by a far-left green party that is driven by ideology . 
  ... because you do n't like the result . 
  the liberal party has always been about personal freedom and small government . 
  they are `` classic liberals '' ( and also social conservatives ) . 
  do n't make the mistake of using us terminology when you 're talking about non-us politics . 
  i doubt you 'd call the democracts right-wing . 
  centrist , maybe . 
  europe has a fuckload of different politics though , so to say people in `` europe '' would claim such a thing is bizarre . 
  where in europe ? 
  greece ? 
  norway ? 
  portugal ? 
  used * to be friends with, 
  so does easting junk food , or not exercising ... 
  you need to look up the definition of ` theory ' , then : '' a set of statements or principles devised to explain a group of facts or phenomena , especially one that has been repeatedly tested or is widely accepted and can be used to make predictions about natural phenomena . '', 
  australia has fuckloads of different native languages , so it would be way too hard to choose just one . 
  they have an unfortunate infestation of backwards anti-nuclear hippies . 
  good . 
  we should pour money into our piece of antarctica . 
  when the treaty on resource exploitation ends , shit could go down . 
  there 's no way we should be complacent about such a large piece of land that could contain delicious ores and hydrocarbons . 
  whose *, 
  yep . 
  well , both , really . 
  scientists to meet the requirements of the treaty to prove we 're actually doing something with it , and subs to ` exert sovereignty ' . 
  when it comes to the constitution , the attitude of many is `` if it ai n't broke , do n't fix it '' . 
  sydney 's is horrid . 
  it 's about the uk though , not england . 
  what do you mean by ` other places ' ? 
  yes , i agree . 
  but that is opposite to the argument that england should be 1066 . 
  the better argument would be that turkey should also be ` none ' , right ? 
  it 's not the most broke country . 
  say hi to japan . 
  like freedom of speech ? 
  wow , calm down . 
  i 'm not an ` lnp peasant ' . 
  but yes , a lot of people value freedom over fairness . 
  it is an age-old ideological debate i have no interest in discussing with someone who is so obviously partisan . 
  so after looking into it i found that this graph is for the lower house and that canada apparently has an upper house appointed by the gg . 
  interesting . 
  of desert and iron ore . 
  bigger than alaska and texas combined . 
  but nah , i have n't see any stickers like that . 
  hey , we have to let you beat aus at * something * . 
  how is it misleading ? 
  christian sects were grouped , but so were islamic and buddhist sects . 
  or maybe a lot of redditors live there and it has a large amount of natural beauty ... 
  steel is also a metal . 
  scotland is nothing more than a glorified state . 
  when i went to melbourne i was less than impressed by their slow and confusing smartcard system ... how could nsw be worse ? 
  what do they do ? 
  no it really is n't . 
  i agree . 
  might 've *, 
  why not ? 
  the vic clubs still bizarrely claim their vfl and vfa premierships . 
  high !? 
  how was that not holding the ball !, 
  fuck you cats wackers, 
  no , glencore pays a high tax on the resources it digs up , just 0 tax on company profits . 
  you mean dredged sand ? 
  if you 're talking about ruddy 's mining tax , you 're wrong . 
  wa does have a swf . 
  wa owns the iron ore , not the commonwealth . 
  same goes with queensland and their coal . 
  take it up with the state . 
  no , we 're not entertaining your utopian socialist ideals . 
  ... far lower debt than almost any other developed country ... no , i do n't think australians wonder why they are in debt . 
  they wonder why everyone else is in so much more debt . 
  the mining tax is so useless it may as well not exist . 
  fuck it off for all i care . 
   it 's funny that australia claims to be all environmentally friendly, 
  yep , dunno why you were downvoted . 
  the mining tax was not similar to creating a sovereign wealth fund . 
  every country has tree-hugging hippies . 
  it 's strange that you 'd say `` australia '' claims to be environmentalist . 
  saints , get rid of that shit guernsey . 
  fuck you clone # 2 ( brad scott ) . 
  yep . 
  even under the most extreme co2 emission projections , it 'll take over 1000 years , if at all , for sea level to rise 65m . 
  he just does n't want to risk economic and energy insecurity for the sake of reducing the emissions of a nation of 20 million . 
   destroy the reef, 
  you mean dump dredged sand kilometers from any actual reef , and requirements for the company to offset any potential damage ? 
  `` destroy the reef '' indeed . 
   it 's an ugly part of the game . 
  deal with it . 
  most people in a lot of the world deal with it by not caring about soccer . 
  you honestly do n't think diving is a hindrance to the popularity of soccer ?
