  modern central banks have much more efficient methods of limiting lending . 
  but hey , china has high reserve requirements because of its financial backwardness , so they must be fine in regards to house prices , right ? 
  your rant is born through complete ignorance of modern central banking . 
  a major reason is that , at least in wa , the approval process is long and bureaucratic . 
  this forces developers to hold land for long , pay higher taxes on it , and put unnecessary costs on building homes . 
  the approval process needs to be less bureaucratic and the approval department needs to be better funded . 
  nope , definition of classic liberalism : `` classical liberalism is a political philosophy and ideology belonging to liberalism * in which primary emphasis is placed on securing the freedom of the individual by limiting the power of the government . 
  so you support subsidising an industry with 15 billion of taxpayer 's dollars ? 
  then the brits took it from them . 
  wtf ? 
  duh ... but it costs far less than buying from australia . 
  japan has a much more efficient shipbuilding industry and thus it is cheaper to buy from them . 
  xaxaxa , neither can match the death toll of the mighty soviet union , comrade !, 
  lol . 
  keep up the good fight , comrade !, 
  nothing positive ? 
  say that in perth , i dare you . 
  roy hill is halfway finished and will break even somewhere around $ 50-60 a tonne . 
  the ball was started rolling when the icc caved to the pressure and did n't ban murali . 
  if he was banned all of this chucking would 've been nipped in the bud . 
  clarke is aussie , not seth efrikan . 
  marxism now, 
  nz has `` lots of oil '' ? 
  riiiiiiight ... 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  the funds wo n't dry up , rinehart completed one of the largest corporate debt raisings in australian history to fund it , i highly doubt she 'll pull out . 
  you 've been whinging throughout this whole thread . 
  nope , too far . 
  sharp change from your constant whinging . 
  i love the whinging about my whinging about my whinging , so ironic . 
  what ? 
  the west is a good paper , not news corp level tabloid shit . 
  disallowed submissions :, 
  editorials , opinion , analysis, 
  how is that at all relevant ? 
  median , not mean . 
  how is a country 's credit rating at all relevant ? 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  and that is relevant how ? 
  and ... ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  you think minimum wage is a better measure of income than median wage ? 
  in some bizarre world where everyone works for minimum wage . 
  your post is ignorant shit . 
  lol . 
  in a bizarre world where everyone lives on minimum wage . 
  ignorant as hell . 
  you think minimum wage is more relevant than median wage ? 
  how many people do you think work on minimum wage ? 
  but few people work for only minimum wage . 
  median wage is far more relevant . 
  in that case , you 're sadly ignorant . 
  it 's bullshit because few people work for minimum wage only . 
  median income is far more relevant . 
  yep . 
  few people in the us or australia work for minimum wage only . 
  amazing how people actually think minimum wage is more relevant than median income ... 
  how is that relevant ? 
  in some weird world where everyone works for minimum wage , maybe . 
  yep . 
  explain to me how minimum wage is at all relevant when in both the us and australia , few people work for only the minimum wage . 
  how can you possibly think that minimum wage is more relevant than median income when discussing online price differences . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  ` real money ' ? 
  nope , it generally takes ~ 300ms for light to travel from the australian east cost to the us east coast , not 999 . 
  what ? 
  plenty of scottish convicts came to australia . 
  and plus , many australians are decended from convicts , and unless you 're a classist you should have no shame it that . 
  * scotland * did n't give us agriculture , * the uk * did . 
  highly doubt it . 
  whose *, 
  guns are not illegal . 
  wtf are you on about . 
  nope , canada was definitely not independent in 1867 . 
  no federation star on australia , 2/10 . 
  because it 's on the edge of the map when centred on europe . 
  same with hawaii . 
  lolwtf are you on about . 
  yep , highest living standards in the world -- totally fucked . 
  ditch the witch amirite ? 
  it 's not a bad thing to be resource rich , it 's a bad thing to be a corrupt shithole with bad institutions . 
  do n't the conflate the two , and they are n't related all that much at all . 
  higher than the scandinavians in many measures . 
  usually not norway though . 
  no , i wo n't demand my index fund to drop an abundant cheap energy source that has improved the living standards of billions . 
  great article . 
  you do n't know what you 've got 'till it 's gone ( 1st world wealth and cheap electricity ) . 
  so canada , australia , and norway are corrupt ? 
  i think you 'll find that they are some of the least corrupt places in the world . 
  correlation = / = causation, 
  we all know theories in social sciences are well established by fact , so i 'll have to yield to you then . 
  no way , canada was n't independent until 1931 . 
  canada federated on its national day , which is unrelated to independence . 
   corporate apologia, 
  in an article about opposing subsidy-hungry energy companies . 
  did it hurt your green-left sensibilities ? 
  oh , good for you . 
  there is already a plentiful supply of moronic green-left ngos though , perhaps greenpeace would suit you ? 
  this will make it easier to identify vic bias from our eastern-stater mods !, 
  revolting , definitely needs to have the text be a different colour to stand out more .
