  it 's symbolic , which matters much more than aesthetics . 
  absolute bs . 
  oil will be vital for decades to come . 
  great game , miles better than last night 's . 
  great effort hawks , good to see the best two teams make it to the gf . 
  and we would 've been successful too , had we not been denied our freedom by the greedy eastern staters . 
  vic bias !!, 
  help , help , i 'm being oppressed !, 
  not true at all . 
  greece 's gdp has still not bottomed out , i.e. 
  the greek economy has shrunk every year since 2010 . 
  denmark has one of the highest household debts in the world and the world 's lowest savings rate . 
  ok then mate . 
  i do n't know how us public finances are relevant but they obviously have a structural deficit , yes . 
  i thought some danish is spoken there . 
  because it looks good that way it is and few people want to change it . 
  ahh , price controls , that always works . 
  so you think falling back on the economically foolish but politically easy policy of price controls will be positive ? 
  here 's an idea : how about governments reduce the bureaucracy around housing construction , renting and sales to reduce prices ? 
  ca n't go a post about australia without a kiwi turning up to display their inferiority complex . 
  learn about the varied british territories on which the sun still never sets !, 
  ( page 98 ), 
  both australia and iceland do a lot aluminium refining for their size . 
  australia also has a lot more heavy industry than most of europe . 
  what ? 
  canada should n't have got a flag at all . 
  should have been the flags of the occupied zones imo . 
  well , it 's irrelevant as this map is about europe . 
  and canada was n't a country in 1812 . 
  canada should n't be on this map . 
  germany should just be uk/us/france / ussr imo . 
  economic liberalism . 
  brown coal is mostly used in victoria for domestic power . 
  most industry uses the much cleaner black coal , which is plentiful in queensland . 
  no-one lives in the desert . 
  most australians live in the best climate in the world , mediterranean and temperate . 
  not really denial , just acceptance . 
  the world is using more energy , not less . 
  as nations industrialise they use more cars , metals , air-conditioning . 
  unless you think the world will go backwards by 2050 , you 're wrong . 
  when 99 % of people say `` country '' or `` nation '' they are referring to sovereign and independent nations . 
  the `` countries '' of the united kingdom being countries is just a matter of definition . 
  they could very well be called provinces , states , counties etc. 
  because there 's not really a difference between them and semi autonomous regions elsewhere in the world , that in many cases are less centralized than the constituent countries of the uk are . 
  texas is closer to being a sovereign nation than wales is . 
  technically it should have lost valpara\u00edso region ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/valpara%c3%adso_region ) , as easter island is included in it . 
  however , coal has many hundreds of years left , and can be used to make synthetic oil . 
  also there is a lot of uranium left . 
  oh , i hurt your poor canadian national pride . 
  he got defensive over nothing , obviously because it hurt his nationalist pride ( canadians on reddit seem awfully nationalistic a lot of the time ) . 
  it obviously makes more sense to include the flags of the occupiers of germany in ww2 rather than the flag of canada . 
  canada was not the only non-us/uk/ussr ally , and including the canadian flag is obviously incorrect . 
  and yet still / u/choebar got defensive over it . 
  tl ; dr mocking nationalists is amusing . 
  you care what ignorant people stereotype your nationality as ? 
  why ? 
  australia is bigger overall with the australian antarctic territory . 
  aat laughs at puny alaska . 
  because labor are a unionist authoritarian party and always have been . 
  how are you surprised ? 
  commonwealth of australia *, 
  good , pension should not be enough to live well , but enough to get by . 
  because it was n't a genocide . 
  yep . 
  nope , completely off topic . 
  nope , no special tax on european cars , australians just prefer japanese cars as they are often cheaper , easier to service , and more reliable . 
  there is a tax on expensive cars though , and german cars dominate that market , so in a way the luxury car tax affects european brands more than asian ones . 
  ... wtf ? 
  you think they stopped the fibre rollout ? 
  you are very wrong about that . 
  many brownfield areas are still getting fibre . 
  we need to increase the gst , but not because of your circlejerky reason . 
  yep , do n't have individual environmental assessments , a blanket ban will be fine . 
  labor think coal seam gas is unsafe everywhere , so if the labor party was serious they would be banning it across the state . 
  not exactly free though ... the us still has massive tariffs on cane sugar because it is held hostage by the corn-growing states ( just one example of us protectionism ) . 
  i think you 'd find most people in the western world find the burqa confronting . 
  this is the epitome of a circlejerking shitpost . 
  lolwut , polynesians were far more advanced than australian aboriginals . 
  tax relief is not the same as money handouts/subsidies . 
  well the states of those nations have more power than the divisions of the uk , that is the basic idea of a federation . 
  in the uk westminster has the power . 
  probably because they 're both poor pacific islands with little political importance . 
  the heat is n't that bad . 
  better dry heat than cold and fuck northern europe or canada . 
  yep , good vote of confidence in angola getting it too . 
  it makes them feel relevant . 
  abc, 
  this is n't racist . 
   once i am done paying proportionately more in tax than i receive in government services, 
  welcome to almost everyone . 
  lol . 
  you have no idea what ` fascism ' means . 
  labor is more fascist than the liberal party if you want to play a pathetic name-calling game . 
  and take a look at the drum -- pure leftist opinion pieces . 
  do n't try to kid yourself . 
  yes , abc is easily the most unbiased news source in the country , and the guardian is a leftist rag comparably -- but the abc is not purely unbiased . 
  labor 's ideology is authoritarian unionism . 
  a key part of fascism is syndicalism , and unionists often support this ideology . 
  the liberal 's ideology is liberal conservatism -- social conservatism and support of free markets . 
  blind freddy would be able to tell me which is closer to fascism .
