  yeah i agree 2015 was hazlewood 's breakout year , but i wanted to put jadeja in the list and felt if i classify jadeja as not breaking out yet , i should do the same for hazlewood as well . 
  ah well . 
  carbattery, 
  the project is fucked, 
  john hastings will be traded back in, 
  glenn maxwell will be traded back in, 
  kevin pietersen will be traded back in, 
  cameron boyce will be traded out, 
  jason behrendorff will be traded out, 
  michael klinger will be traded out, 
  miller genuine draft, 
  glad i traded handscomb out for paine this round . 
  c'mon top 10 r/cricket . 
  c'mon chris lynn xi , you can do it . 
  for those inquiring , nic maddinson sprained his ankle in the gym - that is why he is not playing for the sixers tonight, 
  calf injury . 
  they 're managing his calf injury . 
  i bought 3 the other day ... 
  16 is legal . 
  the latter . 
  my predictions :, 
  australia win 3-2 . 
  leading run scorer : virat kohli, 
  leading wicket taker : ravichandran ashwin, 
  actually you 're wrong , afro-eurasia is . 
  because mark waugh ( who probably only goes to 2 shield games a year ) went to the vic vs wa shield game at perth where boland took 7 wickets . 
  now he is a selector 's favourite . 
  my predictions :, 
  australia win 3-2 . 
  leading run scorer : virat kohli, 
  leading wicket taker : ravichandran ashwin, 
  he 's just a stupid thick fuckwit . 
  watto i love you, 
  his bat is very similar to davey warner 's . 
  same thickness . 
  watto is the best ever t20i allrounder . 
  and he has a nice rig . 
  and he is a top bloke . 
  he better be in the aus t20 squad . 
  i love you dwayne, 
  he should definitely be in the squad . 
  you 're partially illiterate , fyi . 
  ravi ashwin is now ( in tests ) . 
  shakib is still the number 1 t20i and odi allrounder though . 
  because batsmen can retire hurt and come back on the field , just like bowlers can leave and come back you thickshit hodge . 
  it soaks in ... 
  ca n't believe he 's not playing shield , typical vic cunts dropping a quality bloke and player from the team :(, 
  khawaja should n't be in the team . 
  he probably will be though : /, 
  2 innings is n't much to go off , especially since his career figures are mediocre . 
  mckay 's slower ball is so good . 
  it 's weird he was dropped from the aus odi side , his record is good and he was doing very well . 
  11:20 am awst, 
  he never looked like he had no technique to me . 
  technique is overrated anyway , and he was always an amazing talent . 
  i thought he was picked too late , for nsw especially . 
  seriously , warner was so good in the ipl and has been australia 's most consistent t20 batsman . 
  how could anyone drop him just for not playing in the bbl . 
  herath is miles better . 
  he 's not that good in t20s . 
  but he is good at the 50 over format . 
  a lot of players are in good form . 
  but it 's only two innings and his career record is n't stellar . 
  odi hundred number 5 !, 
  so good to see it in person . 
  it 's pretty easy to keep track of players . 
  i do n't see how following a team in the big bash is any different to following a team in thugby or the afl . 
  i 'm not sure why some people are complaining about good batting pitches in odis . 
  i for one thoroughly enjoyed my day at the waca , and got to see 600 + runs in a day . 
  pitches are always flat in odis , they 're meant to be . 
  people go to odis to watch runs being scored , not the fierce bat and ball contest you want in test cricket . 
  do people honestly expect green seamers at an odi ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  yep , has better pace and a good slower ball . 
  why ? 
  the bowlers still have to bowl well . 
  bad bowling is punished more . 
  and why are people acting as if flat pitches are out of the ordinary for odis ? 
  odis always have good batting pitches , it 's good for the fans and the game . 
  expect nothing different this series or any other . 
  yes , really . 
  the odi game is litterally designed in favour of higher scores . 
  look at powerplays and free hits . 
  do you really want a green seamer for odis ? 
  because you do n't seem to understand the point of odis compared to test cricket . 
  they always have good batting pitches . 
  which brings me back to my question : why are people acting as if flat pitches are out of the ordinary for odis ? 
   just because flat pitches seem to be `` ordinary '' in odis does not mean that should be the status quo . ', 
  it is the status quo . 
  it allows the batsmen to trust the pitch more and forces bowlers to bowl better lines and lengths and use their variations or be punished . 
  i would n't be so sure . 
  the crowd at the ground definitely enjoyed it at least . 
  and / r/cricket is a poor measure of what the majority of cricket watchers want or like . 
  jimmy carr, 
  disagree , i can always find context in individual performances in terms of individual ranking , and 1 vs 2 in the world produces good cricket that 's enjoyable to watch just for the sake of it . 
  it 's a deserted shithole with flesh-eating soil pathogens and too many crocodiles , that 's why . 
  injured , partially tore a leg muscle last game i think . 
  aus vs ind , aus tour of nz , aus tour of sa , world t20, 
  there , done . 
  yes great catch clivvvvvvvvvvvvvvvve,
