  its official name is the world t20 - the icc reserves the term ` world cup ' for the odi world cup only . 
  pretty worthless article . 
  but this line on kohli is funny `` he also is the best batsman under pressure across formats . '' . 
  somehow they conclude this by saying 2nd innings = pressure . 
  and they find that kohli has the lowest 2nd innings average in tests - but wait , they have an excuse : `` kohli 's fightbacks are even more spectacular , although he has been , time and again , let down by the team . '' . 
  his team in ranked number 1 in the world , it ca n't be too bad . 
  and if that was the case you would expect him to have a boost in the average from being not out after his team collapses around him . 
  apart from that , you could 've just come to the same conclusions by looking at the icc ratings . 
  or maybe just the icc player ratings ? 
  no-one says kohli sucks , but he is n't even close to the other 3 in test cricket . 
  obviously he is the best of the 4 in white ball cricket , show me someone who claims otherwise . 
  but since he is a legspinner he can get more drift and bounce than a lot of the offspinners who come to australia and get slaughtered , which should hold him in good stead . 
  tore an ankle ligament playing soccer in a warmup for the second test in the sa tour of india . 
  is close to coming back hopefully , and should play sa 's next test match which is a while away . 
  it 's not that bad , about the same as warner 's lbw at eden park , both are bad but nowhere near worst of all time . 
  this actually makes me kinda sad . 
  wait what ? 
  it took this ball for you to realise that ? 
  tie , not draw . 
   lack of acknowledgement that while australia may struggle in seaming and swinging conditions , nz struggles just as much , and in fact most teams around the world do since ~ ~ batting has gone south with all these damn flat pitches serving up bowlers on a platter ~ ~ seaming and swinging conditions are difficult for batsmen and always have been ? 
  rule 7 . 
  no memes/low effort posts . 
  these will be removed at moderator discretion . 
  this includes posts directed at the mods, 
   this includes posts directed at the mods, 
  great bowling by boult . 
  lol , that 's a new one . 
  usually people point out the big difference in 1st vs 2nd innings where it is the other way around . 
  i guess as long as you do n't like a player you can always find some idiotic nitpicking stat to prove your point . 
  good session for aus , bowling nz out and only losing 1 wicket to the new ball . 
  sets up a good day tomorrow . 
  thanks tubbs, 
  he 's so beautiful < 3, 
  i do n't mind channel 9 and or supersport . 
  supersport gets a bonus for the ram delivery of the day , easily the best segment from any broadcaster . 
  why ? 
  he has ne of the best fc records in the country . 
  much better than klinger and a lot of people were wanking about klinger not long ago . 
  maxwell is the opposite of a flat track bully and you obviously know nothing about him if you actually think that . 
  and he has a much better overall record than those you suggested . 
  why would you want to ignore good shield consistency to pick people who you like the look of ? 
  i 'm glad you 're not a selector . 
  williamson and taylor for burns and koala . 
  boult for starc . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  he has top scored in both innings by a mile for victoria on a difficult mcg once , and often top scores for the vics . 
  he is a mile more deserving of being picked than any of the young batsmen you list . 
  why make the standard ` flat track bully ' cliche for any batsman you do n't like ? 
  it adds nothing . 
  this was odi hundred \\ # 5 , why was it flaired as test 100 \\ # 13 ? 
  yes . 
  williamson . 
  hopefully this makes the guy in the article realise that career average is pretty useless . 
  well you 're the one spouting your tired old cliche without backing it up . 
   bancroft , handscomb and patterson are all easily outperforming maxwell in this shield season . 
  what ? 
  bancroft and handscomb are averaging lower . 
  and this is the easiest batting season for years , thus they are flat track bullies so the runs are worth nothing . 
   batting has become too easy lately and something must be done to bring back the balance between bat and ball . 
  what ? 
  no it has n't . 
  back it up please , everything i 've seen and the stats on hand do n't show that 's the case at all . 
  people on this sub seem obsessed with ` flat pitches ' . 
  test pitches are usually made for good batting so the game lasts a good 4-5 days , that 's been the case for over 50 years . 
   if he felt like it he could probably force smith 's head up his own arse, 
  doubt it . 
  why would a newbie complain about that sort of stuff ? 
  especially since he has some experience in that position now . 
   he 's never going to be remembered as a great, 
  he 's not far away from it , a few more tests doing well and he 'll climb upwards in the icc all-time rankings . 
  what 's wrong with drop-ins ? 
  they 're great , very important for multi-use stadiums . 
  one of the more useful innovations from the packer era . 
  interesting times coming , with india and aus close on points at the top . 
  i think they could swap places a couple more times , with india winning against aus when aus tour there . 
  both sides are very good , but both have weaknesses ( aus without a great spin bowler , india lacking pace bowlers ) . 
  i 'm loving how competitive the no . 
  1 rank is atm . 
  with that being said , i think australia could definitely hold onto top spot for a while to come . 
  why ? 
  india definitely deserved the no. 1 ranking . 
  sure they suck outside of the sc , but australia struggle in the sc so it levels out pretty evenly . 
  pretty sure india are , having the best spinner in the world and having aus tour them next year is a big chance for them to regain the no. 1 spot . 
  also the prize money and test mace is very nice , 
  he is ok , not a goat by any stretch of the imagination though . 
  lyon is n't the goat offspinner aus has had . 
  he has the most wickets but is pretty mediocre . 
  you can buy a dvd of it like he said . 
  he 's not going to upload highlights because they 'll be taken down and his account will be suspended . 
  very overrated player , sadly he seems undroppable in the selectors ' eyes . 
  or just pick players based on merit . 
  exactly , he 's mediocre . 
  not a great player but not dogshit either . 
  o'keefe , fawad ahmed . 
  preferably o'keefe as he deserves it 100 % more . 
  well obviously , o'keefe is never given a go for australia even though he is better . 
  it 's easy to be the leading offie if you 're just mediocre enough to never be dropped . 
  steve o'keefe , fawad ahmed . 
  preferably o'keefe as he deserves it 100 % more than lyon . 
  he bowled better and had better figures than lyon in both tests he played , lol !,
