  wade is shit, 
  wade is shit . 
  good shit god . 
  this match is fan-fucking-tastic . 
  what a collapse . 
  it 's not an injury . 
  i 've seen other commentary teams crack up at cramps as well . 
  someone shoot wade . 
  so am i. 
  nah it 's all good fun . 
  i like commentators enjoying themselves sometimes . 
  wooo . 
  fucking hilarious game . 
  highly enjoyable game . 
  that collapse was top shelf . 
  odis are always on roads . 
  biased *, 
  peter stephen patrick handscomb is a good alternative . 
  tim paine as well . 
  he sucks at batting in the short forms . 
  peter stephen patrick handscomb or tim paine would be good alternatives to wade in odis though . 
  yeah but there should be many keepers ahead of nevill in the odi the pecking order , assuming they can keep . 
  warner, 
  finch, 
  smith, 
  big show ( pbuh ), 
  faulkner, 
  all-time great odi batsman and keeper . 
  his captaincy seems pretty defensive but he seems a good bloke so i feel sorry for him when he gets shit on by fans . 
  yes watto you beautiful man, 
  we all know the world 's number 1 show is really / r/glenn _ maxwell, 
  watto no :(, 
  the players in the odi squad wo n't play in the big bash finals . 
  the players not in the odi side but in the t20i side will play in the big bash finals . 
  lol this is a fucking demolition . 
  gooo thunder , i want a home final at the furnace . 
  wrist injury and surgery , lost form in grade cricket . 
  fuck no . 
  she 's not australian . 
   you are aware that most of the planet ca n't differentiate between australian and new zealand accents , right ? 
  obviously you dimwit . 
  football has been popular since settlement , just aussie rules or rugby and not soccer . 
  i doubt soccer will ever be the main code in australia . 
  the answer is milk first . 
  because if you 've gone water first , it means you 've used a teabag and thus already lost . 
  good choice for africa to drop faf for jp , especially since jp is in good form and has a much better fc record . 
  you 've stolen speero 's flair . 
  mods , what 's the deal ? 
  / u/eyesallonfire, 
  haha why are all the poms here shitting on poor old woakes ? 
  he ca n't be that shit if he has such a good fc record , can he, 
  pitch does look pretty flat . 
  although mitchell johnson did rip africa 's throat out on this ground . 
  `` a gaggle of twelfth men '' lol, 
  fucking hilarious , you are out of your mind . 
  by bad umpires *, 
  lol, 
  watto has a great domestic record . 
  boland does n't even have that . 
  so what he did n't offer a shot ? 
  it was n't hitting the stumps and it was a poor decision by the umpire . 
  lol it 's not obnoxious to the vast majority of people . 
  but if you choose to be offended that 's fine . 
  tests : mcgrath, 
  biggest shitpost i 've ever seen . 
  lol, 
  fuck off then . 
  one of australia 's best ever batsmen , i guess you 'll have to live with it . 
   bogan flogs, 
  idiot confirmed . 
  attacking someone based on classism and using the word ` flog ' as a catch-all term for the people downvoting you , on the other hand ... now fuck off idiot ( oh , and that was satire , you bogan flog ) . 
  wtf hastings . 
  have you met australia 's specialist heavy ball bowler ? 
  i know he 's a shit commentator to most people , but he is in australia 's top 10 best ever odi batsmen . 
  he was a shit test player though , which is weird because his fc record was outstanding . 
  big unit duke, 
  clarkey is shit of ch9 's big bat shit . 
  good show . 
  lol . 
  smarsh is fucking relieved . 
  good luck that he got a life from smarsh . 
  shitty ? 
  loud enough to hear in real time , that a pretty big noise tbh . 
  i heard it on the tv , definitely a big noise . 
  jb is right . 
  do n't shitpost about commentators being shit if it 's just you being deaf next time . 
  lolwut , in what world was that 50/50 . 
  coulter-nile , hazlewood , probably more . 
  qdk you beast . 
  nice introspection there on your part , respect . 
  qdk is such a vulgar man , how dare he jump and show so much emotion . 
  only civilized nice guy countries like sri lanka and new zillund show respect and humility when celebrating hundreds . 
  if only everyone was like angelo and kane . 
  ** test xi using icc peak rating algorithm : **, 
  bradman, 
  ponting, 
  spd smith, 
  miller ( highest rated australian all rounder ), 
  benaud ( 2nd highest rated australian all rounder ), 
  mcgrath,
