  hah , who else would you rather be in the top 10 , if not based on actual consistency and recency of performance weighted against bowling attack and ease of batting ? 
  let me guess , ` king ' kohli , who utterly embarrassed himself in england and is extremely inconsistent ? 
  fyfe, 
  what is exactly ridiculous about wanting to return to somewhere you feel more comfortable ? 
  35 is definitely overs . 
  kill that kid , he just dabbed . 
  i think most people will be tipping australia and mental scarring wo n't come into it , quality of players will . 
  i fail to see why faf should be so confident after winning a meaningless bilateral odi series against australia 's 3rd-string attack . 
  nahh you are . 
   oh , but thank god the afl is growing in western sydney . 
  exactly . 
  i , like the afl , could n't give less of a shit about your irrelevant victorian minnow club if it means growing the game in an area that is growing massively and has multiple codes competing for fans . 
  what is our best forward line ? 
  who do we target in the draft ? 
  tim english i think , sps might be good but might be taken before pick 7 anyway and tim english fills a big need with sandi and griffin retiring soon . 
  does slackjaw need to write a new song ? 
  yes . 
  who are key defenders next season ? 
  michael johnson ( i love him and it would be great if he played most games next season ) , joel hamling and alex pearce ( hopefully his broken leg does n't hurt his preseason too much ) . 
  zac dawson can fuck off . 
  is this our best trade period ever ? 
  yes . 
  what numbers will the newbies wear ? 
  ( gold for anyone who gets 4/4 ), 
  brad hill : 9, 
  will barlow stay ? 
  hopefully , but the fact that he still has n't signed makes me very doubtful . 
  i 'm going for no . 
  do we need to start calling our midfield `` the purple valley '' ? 
  no comment . 
   people were hounding hogan over the same thing this year and it seems like he never thought about leaving . 
  he said at one stage he was 50/50 and admitted he definitely thought about leaving . 
   to make them competitive too quickly, 
  not really , most expansion sides since the eagles have made finals in a similar timeframe to gws . 
  yeah , i 'd prefer the afl errs on overkill than underkill when it comes to expansion . 
  i do n't want a brisbane bears situation where the expansion teams become long term liabilities . 
  big show is suited to everywhere . 
  and victoria should be banned from australia for dropping him . 
   i would like to be a mod of r/steve _ smith . 
  i have seen the light and realised that joe root is insuperior in every way including having a much smaller penis . 
  you 're alright with me . 
  going for the stumping ? 
  or maybe he is actually utter shit ? 
  to be fair i do n't think he is utter shit because he 's done pretty well for a spinner in county cricket . 
  we should have seen hameed open in the first test . 
  who gives a fuck about him being young , throw him in the deep end and ride the haseeb hameed hype train . 
  yes , better spinner than lyon and world-class allrounder . 
  plumb as hell, 
  does n't he want to be an allrounder ? 
  why was taijul islam sent in before him ? 
  the hive ad was fucked . 
  luckily for you , south africa escaped mehedi by touring bangladesh before he debuted . 
  instead you got to be embarrassed by india soon after . 
  gary ballance will be not-out at the end . 
   sa flair, 
  he deserves to be there because of his good fc record , plus he is the nicest looking bloke in the uk , it it a no-brainer to cheer for him . 
  nooooooooooo gary, 
  against the lowest ranked side in the world . 
  you do realise the rankings are n't based on just one series right ? 
  `` i have always rated each one of them higher than me , in test cricket especially '', 
  good to see virat knows his place . 
  he 'd want to average more than 27 on those roads next time . 
  lol ? 
  stop being so sensitive . 
  ca n't deal with facts ? 
  ashwin is . 
  chris lynn, 
  and king khan, 
  do it . 
  lovely catching god . 
  after this test hazlewood will probably go to # 2 . 
  steyn will lose points over time as well . 
  well at least it 's in better shape than england . 
  you lost 2 tests to pakistan at home . 
  and also just lost to bangladesh . 
  amen, 
  ... in fc cricket . 
  he also has a very good record in list a and t20 cricket . 
  mod me , i 'm big show 's ( pbuh ) most faithful follower . 
  victorians do n't boo , wash your mouth out . 
  fuck , what a game !, 
  fuck , what a game !, 
  omg at the game and still shaking, 
  omg injgfcfc wpj we win, 
  how have hitouts per game increased so much since the early 90s ? 
  that ca n't be explained soley by the increase in stoppages , can it ? 
  tom mcdonald, 
  yes i have , thanks for asking . 
  he opened a fair bit in the last bbl season for the melbourne renegades . 
  it did n't have the same level of success as it is having in this ipl though . 
  south africa, 
  the best moment in football history . 
  peel are n't looking for an exit as far as i know . 
  not for bowling , that 's for sure . 
  even spin bowling requires a level of power that women lack . 
  as for batting , you need strength to hit the ball . 
  timing obviously matters , but you still need power , especially in the shorter formats . 
  i ca n't see it working . 
  the only role i can see a woman possibly be competent at is wicketkeeping . 
  in summary , i ca n't ever see a woman being one of the xi best cricketers in her country .
