  holy fuck , i 've explained it before , as have many others in this post . 
  they are countries because ` country ' is a very loose term . 
  they are more accurately referred to as nations , especially england , which has even less power than a state . 
  england is not self-ruling . 
  it ca n't make its own laws . 
  it is merely a nation , and a part of the uk . 
  the ` countries ' of the uk have no right to be on a world map because they are not independent , sovereign states . 
  if not , you clearly need to read up on it somewhere . 
  try wikipedia for a start :, 
  for those not knowledgeable about australian flags , these designs are based on the current flags of the territories , the act ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/flag_of_the_australian_capital_territory.svg ) and the northern territory ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b7/flag_of_the_northern_territory.svg ) . 
  you 're likely colourblind . 
  actually no , during the triassic when pangea was around , the was no glaciation at the poles and the polar regions were moist and temperate . 
  atmospheric co2 was present at a much higher concentration than it is currently . 
  the change to under-30 welfare has very little chance of getting through the senate . 
  the over-50 thing is only for people who 've been unemployed for a certain period , and is designed to reduce the number of old people permanently dropping out of the workforce , and has a requirement that the employer keep the person employed for 2 years to get the full subsidy . 
  i 'd rather it not happen because it 's corporate welfare ( just like this nz policy ) but it 's not exactly `` freaking terrible '' . 
  would 've *, 
  no , it 's the anglophone world vs. some parts of continental europe . 
  president of the united states, 
  no , it is not . 
  it is referencing only people who were born overseas . 
  why should australia provide welfare to non-citizens ? 
  if nz wants preferential treatment over other nationalities , join the federation . 
  otherwise , fuck off and do n't complain . 
  why should they give it to non-citizens ? 
   who is exploiting whom ? 
   the current setup is exploitive , unfair and inhumane . 
  lol are you fucking kidding me ? 
  if nz does n't like the treaty , they can fuck off . 
  no-one is forcing them to have open borders . 
  entitlement , pure and simple . 
   entitlement to what ? 
  a high-stakes gamble with your entire livelihood at stake - and if you lose , you 're stuck under a bridge without even a meagre benefit to buy food ? 
  entitlement to benefits . 
  if you do n't want to leave nz to australia , you do n't have to . 
   but i guess that does n't matter , because at least you get to feel superior about those less fortunate than you ? 
  nope , it does n't matter because non-citizens do n't deserve the same rights as citizens ( as i said , join the federation if you want to whine ) . 
  there are fuckloads of brits in australia , and they got in the hard way -- the citizenship process . 
  it 's a joke how entitled nzers are compared to the brits . 
   you must be pretty happy , eh ? 
  hard-righty in charge , chanting `` fuck the poor , lazy bastards '' and cutting benefits wherever possible . 
  nope , abbott is far from far-right -- he increased the highest tax rate and wants to introduce a generous paid parental leave scheme . 
  i 'd much prefer an actual righty like the nzers have . 
  but at least he got rid of the export-your-heavy-industry-overseas tax , which gillard implement after being held hostage by the greens . 
  that 's their problem . 
  well , it was , but the national liberal party cut public transport funding to state governments , forcing the state government to revise it . 
  good effort tonight , considering we were 3 men in green down . 
  umpires won geelong this game, 
  that 's not how it works ... 
  it 's obvious though . 
  even neutrals have been complaining about it . 
  denial . 
  most likely intended to be the claremont tiger 's theme song ( it 's the same as richmond 's ) . 
  no , this is talking tap water . 
  as in , water supplied through a network , not rainwater or bores out in the middle of nowhere . 
  yeah , what ? 
  australia is doing pretty damn well ( # 2 hdi , # 1 quality of life index ) ... 
  it 's definitely not an unusual term . 
  it is very common in nsw and qld , and also used in perth . 
  the places where it is n't common are adelaide and melbourne , also tas i guess . 
   the bad news from china may also be affecting australian consumer confidence , which in may fell to the lowest since august 2011 . 
  ... and it has promptly risen back to normal levels . 
  shitty overblown article imo . 
  it is over-blowing the significance of the latest unemployment figure . 
  just 300 jobs were lost , and the figure rose because of a rise in the participation rate and new immigrants not finding jobs . 
  furthermore , the business survey indicated that employer demand is ahead of employment growth and this likely means employment growth is just around the corner . 
  biased *, 
  ` bias ' is a noun, 
  meh , silly video . 
  no one cares about changing the flag . 
  it 's not poorly designed , you just do n't like it . 
  the government has been surveilling metadata for ages . 
  and have you not heard of five eyes ? 
  australia , new zealand , canada , the uk and the us have an extensive datasharing network . 
  if you 're counting censoring child pornography , a lot more countries should be on this map ( probably the majority ) , not just australia . 
  how does this shit ` joke ' still get upvotes ? 
  no , it 's just a shitty tired joke and i do n't understand how people upvote it . 
  in 1901 the 6 states/colonies of australia federated to become a country . 
  before that it was like 6 new zealands ( separate colonies ) . 
  after that it was 6 states united with a federal government . 
  but this is not the date of independence . 
  independence was gradual , and there is not public holiday celebrating independence . 
  1931 with the statute of westminster : legislative independence . 
  symbolically in 1942 with the statute of westminster adoption act : formal adoption of 1931 act . 
  1986 with the australia act : full judicial and legislative independence . 
  more like australia 's wales . 
  full is relative ... unless you pretend desert and tundra are the same as more hospitable climates . 
  not true at all . 
  same for me ... 
  i go to the perth ( king 's park ) one . 
  quite moving . 
  it amazes me that so many people can all be silent without messing it up and someone breaking the silence . 
  no , they are as sobre as nz ones . 
  would have *, 
  that 's how you 're meant to say it ... what do you say ? 
  google thinks it 's `` draft '' as well . 
  the australian flag should be the blue ensign btw . 
  not enough people want to watch it . 
  the first photo looks like it has a blue ensign , the second red , to me . 
  good point , you 're probably right .
