  ess 108 gc 89 , full time, 
  nothing , the west has beautiful beaches . 
  the video description says portugal . 
  it 's not on the autobahn , it 's in portugal . 
  what ? 
  shark is very commonly eaten in fish and chips . 
  there 's something about being a federation of the former british empire that makes you love fossil fuels . 
   ( unless i get nbn , as labor planned it ), 
  under labor it would have taken a decade anyway . 
  you 'd rather move continents than move suburbs to access faster internet ? 
  it 's not a natural forest . 
  it 's a pine plantation . 
  looks like the islands of abu musa and the greater and lesser tunbs , siezed by iran in 1971 but still claimed by the uae . 
  so are australian antarctic territory , christmas island , cocos islands et al. 
  fuck off cunt , you 're the ones who denied us independence in 1933 . 
  we 'd gladly not be part of you east coast wankers . 
  slow fixed-line broadband scared you out of a country ? 
  if you 're a tourist it should n't matter , as the mobile broadband is close to the fastest in the world . 
   and everything closes by 4pm, 
  you 're lying . 
  funnelled into royalties for regions and wasted on billions of gst given to the northern territory per annum . 
  not really . 
  wtf you 're an idiot . 
   a liter of milk costs $ 3 in norway , but $ 1 in poland, 
  because norway is ridiculously protectionist and is held hostage by their dairy union . 
  terrible example . 
  it was a draw . 
  if you want all games live in hd , get foxtel . 
  it 's paytv for a reason . 
  because people would rather steal than pay for something ... 
  yes , communism is an illness . 
  you should get that checked . 
  australia 's is wrong , they use a version of multicam since 2010 : http://camopedia.org/images/4/41/australia10.jpg, 
  the east coast has been slaughtering sharks for years , but sure , get up in arms when wa does it ... 
  i hope so , then we can all have a wank about how australia is literally as bad as canada and that abet = fascist corporate shill, 
  goodluck unclaiming it when it is supported by two of the largest navies in the world and agreed to by the us . 
  why is it stupid ? 
  it 's a fact . 
  you mean , `` good god , this would be like if gw bush said `` the arrival of the first fleet was the defining moment in the history of america . 
  let me repeat that , it was the defining moment in the history of this continent , '' he said . 
  `` it was the moment this continent became part of the modern world . '' '', 
  when you have pre-neolithic levels of technology , you 're bound to be conquered eventually . 
  the us was a ` dumping ground ' for more convicts before they became independent . 
  what 's your point ? 
   in a true free market economy , those that want to make money producing and selling things have to have enough money on offer to convince people to work in the required conditions to do the job . 
  yes , and in a true free market economy , immigration and emigration would be unlimited , so they would easily find someone willing to work . 
  478km of dead-straight track ... amazing . 
  map : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:australia_map-tar.jpg, 
  thanks for this map i found out about the gulflander ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gulflander ) , what a strange line !, 
  and i presume the thinner lines across the ocean are ferries ? 
  no one wants to live there because of the weather , and there is little economic incentive . 
  everyone lives in the temperate and mediterranean climates with ports nearer to the south . 
  yeah , i do n't get it . 
  australia , new zealand and canada have higher after-tax incomes and more economic freedom and opportunities than the nordic countries . 
  the reason for the circlejerk is because socialists look to the nordics as a socialist utopia . 
  but that does n't stop most scandinavians on reddit enjoying the attention and letting it inflate their ego to the point where their hatred of the us is cringe-worthy . 
  why do you say australia would be perfect for hsr ? 
  i 'd say far from it . 
  few highly populated regional cities , and long distances between large cities . 
  this gives a decided advantage to roads ( cheaper to travel on , more freedom of movement ) or planes ( shorter travel time and extensive existing infrastructure ) . 
  it is obvious that it is n't profitable as there is no private interest in building one , and i do n't see how the massive expense could be justified by government when car ownership rates are some of the highest in the world , meaning little demand . 
  good point . 
  the pilbara is home to very long privately built railroads , home to the longest trains in the world . 
  map : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/1e/iron_ore_pilbara.jpg, 
  good point , but a lot of the mine workers are fifo and live in perth . 
  karatha does have good growth prospects though . 
  maybe i should have said there * was * little economic incentive . 
   few highly populated regional cities , and long distances between large cities . 
  that describes the east coast . 
   where there are enough towns and cities to make it worth it . 
  and yet there is no interest from the private sector and little mention of it in politics . 
  let 's face it : hsr in australia would cost tens of billions and benefit a select group , whilst competing with transportation methods that already make more sense ( cars and planes ) . 
  can you please tell me why i would n't drive a car / rent a car / fly from melbourne to sydney , rather than pay more than the cost of petrol for a rail trip ? 
  this one accounts for the distortion from a 3d surface projected onto a 2d map : http://mapfrappe.com/?show=0489, 
  this map is for passenger rail only . 
  there is thousands of kilometers of haulage rail that is not on this map . 
  while you could argue this film is racist/too stereotypical , it 's mostly in jest and australians would n't take offence to it , regardless of its inaccuracy . 
  now all we need is one of australians pretending to be indians . 
  '' ... it takes 54 hours to travel the 2,979 kilometres ( 1,851 mi ) with a four-hour stopover in alice springs . '', 
  nothing is free . 
  we could have hsr between cities , but hsr cost fuckloads and it is n't clear what the point would be when planes are faster over long distances and roads are cheaper and more convenient . 
  we could give federal taxpayer 's money to subsidise uneconomical electricity projects , even when electricity is a state issue and is usually privately funded . 
  sure , continue to live in a fantasy land were the federal government is responsible for everything , even state issues , is corrupt , when it is one of the least corrupt in the world , and has bribes as the reason for not subsidising things you want , rather than a desire to reduce government spending and encourage private investment . 
  well , it 's not clear whether there is much demand for intercity commuting like you suggest , and even if there was hsr between , say , sydney and melbourne , it is much cheaper for people to use the existing road network , and faster for them to use air travel . 
  australia is bigger when you factor in the australian antarctic territory . 
  the claim is backed up by two nuclear-armed states and the treaty and right to make claims is also signed by the us and russia . 
  it 's similar to canada 's claim its northern territories -- most new world claims are arbitrary , and all that matters is the military force behind it . 
  hardly anyone lives there . 
  1000km is not near at all . 
  sounds fun . 
  how much did it cost ? 
  were there many delays ? 
  there is n't a strategy as there is very little demand for rail over long distances when air travel is cheaper . 
  most populated towns are supplied anyway . 
  that 's all heavy rail , but the map is altered . 
  this is a relatively current map of heavy rail : http://mapsof.net/map/melbourne-metro-system-map#.vaq-xfmsyso . 
  the tram network in melbourne is also very extensive , but is not displayed on that map . 
  wikipedia says otherwise : `` on 12 december 2012 , the renault -- nissan alliance formed a joint venture with rostekhnologia ( alliance rostec auto bv ) with the aim of becoming the long-term controlling shareholder of avtovaz . 
  the takeover was completed in june 2014 , and the two companies of the renault-nissan alliance took a combined 67.1 % stake of alliance rostec , which in turn acquired a 74.5 % of avtovaz , thereby giving renault and nissan indirect control over the russian manufacturer . 
  lada is now part of the renault-nissan alliance ... '',
