  so what are you saying about lyon ? 
  so what he has ~ 200 wickets ? 
  you 'd hope he 'd have a few after 54 tests . 
  all that says is that he 's mediocre enough to never be dropped . 
  ishant sharma also has 200 test wickets ... tells you all you need to know about the use of total runs/wickets in judging greatness . 
  lyon is nowhere near swann , herath or kumble ... and nowhere near a host past australia finger spinners . 
  hopefully he continues to improve into an actual great player that does justice to his 200 wickets and people unironically calling him the goat . 
  he still has n't realised that his teammates are mocking him by calling him that . 
  bill johnston , trumble , ironmonger , monty noble to name a few . 
   because he has more than any of them and the gap is growing quickly . 
  i do n't care , if ishant finishes with 800 wickets and lyon with 500 but they do n't improve anymore from where they are now and actually become dominant , it means little . 
  so you need to have seen a player play to judge their greatness ? 
  goodbye bradman , sobers , hobbs , you 're all dogshit 'cause i did n't see you play . 
   playing most of his career on roads, 
  i 'm judging him on performance relative to others in his era , not career average , just like trumble , ironmonger , etc. 
  are judged . 
  in that respect he 's never gone above 13th in the world and has always been behind actual spinning greats . 
   he took the 5th most wickets in the world last year , what more do you want from him ? 
  for the last time , i do n't care about totals . 
  he also played a fuckload of matches last year . 
  well ? 
   in recent years, 
  as opposed to the past ? 
  has it got any bigger than it once was ? 
  the ping is n't because of poor internet speeds you idiot . 
  it 's distance . 
  why even comment if you 're so thick ? 
  no , it 's because of distance . 
  aus has extensive fibre infrastructure ... the ping is poor because of distance to the overseas servers . 
  you 're so ignorant it 's embarrassing . 
  very good t20 player for sure . 
  best in the world in that format . 
  very good odi player as well , second in the world to ab in that format atm . 
  not even top 10 for test batting and is quite mediocre in the longest form . 
  so overall he 's pretty good . 
  pretty fair statement . 
  lyon is better than moeen but they 're both pretty average . 
  ashwin is already a great . 
   takes wickets everywhere, 
  you mean get pansted in the subcontinent and uae ? 
  much stranger things have happened . 
  just like you need it drilled into you that lyon is very mediocre and does n't deserve his spot in the team . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  shah and ashwin are both miles better than lyon , there 's no doubt about that . 
  better to be exceptional in some conditions than dogshit everywhere . 
  that 's a copypasta btw , so do n't believe it . 
  that 's a copypasta btw , so do n't believe it . 
  well yeah , if he stays as mediocre as he is now then it does n't matter if he takes 400 wickets . 
  good choice imo , warner is more versatile than the others . 
  although finch better not be dropped for susan . 
  so he 's not eligible to play for australia ? 
   it does n't matter if he takes 400 wickets . 
  not anymore . 
  lol ? 
  all fans do that . 
  it happens in england a fuck load . 
  kohli has a long history of petulance , whereas this was hazlewood 's first offence . 
  furthermore , smith got 30 % for this incident . 
  really it 's not very surprising if you put an ounce of thought into it . 
  not need for the shitpost title . 
   ashwin is n't a world class spinner either . 
  what . 
  he obviously is . 
  you do n't need to be as good as murali to be world class . 
  ashwin and shah are both excellent . 
  i do n't see why you care so much about whether they dominate everywhere or not . 
  ashwin is number 2 in the world for good reason . 
  i believe / u/sidhantgarg is saying that the bail lights up after one end dislodges , whereas the bail is counted as dislodged in the rules as when both ends are fully dislodged . 
  thus there is a gap in when the bail is lit ( one end out ) and when it is technically dislodged ( both ends out ) . 
  americans *, 
  depends on which form of the game . 
  in tests it 's broad , in odis it 's boult , in t20is it 's ashwin . 
  overall i think it 's fair to say ashwin is . 
  well they 're based on real-world results so they should n't be any different to what they are imo . 
   or in new zealand . 
  nah sky sports in nz is showing every game . 
  true but i think they do it pretty well . 
  it is based on a rolling weighted average and accounts for relative team ratings . 
  yeah smh appears to have spread that rumour but sky have come out and said they 'll show it . 
   why do you starc also has a stress fracture ? 
  because fast bowling is stressful on the body . 
  australian pitches have always been hard . 
  seriously ... 
  actually the last time australia played on ` swing and seam conditions ' they won by an innings against england at the oval . 
  also it seamed in new zealand plenty and australia won 2-0 there very recently . 
  it also seamed and swung a bit at the gabba in australia 's recent home summer . 
  source ? 
  has the average runs per wicket been going up in the shield ? 
  well obviously duanedibly is a biased idiot and i hate when people care so much about home vs away perfomances , but what is the point of stooping to their level ? 
  it just looks like baiting tbh . 
  ah well lol , maybe after ashwin destroys england and australia in india 's packed upcomming schedule those same people will finally admit he is a beast . 
  i doubt it though , they 'll just say `` it 's at home so it does n't count '' . 
  well your title is biased as it implies the icc was at fault . 
  as a lot of people have said itt , that 's not necessarily the case . 
  well starc is predicted to be fit for lanka as is pattinson . 
  cummins also said he is targeting lanka but whether he will even warrant selection is another thing . 
  well he had bone spurs but that 's not something you can do much about without surgery . 
  starc himself wanted to play through the pain ( playing through pain is n't rare for fast bowlers anyway ) , which was fair enough imo . 
  lol, 
  voges is definitely a better test batsman than kohli , but not warner and smith .
