manual labor replacing automations will lead to unemployment of germans because agricultural machines will not be sold . 
  you do realise i 'm talking about farm work that is already done by migrants , just eastern europeans instead of arabs right ? 
  replace one with the other , it 's cheaper . 
  forced is forced . 
  by your definition all work is forced because you 're forced to work to pay for your life . 
  this is offering people a job . 
  it 's not forced , they can choose not to work and choose to be homeless and hungry, 
  nations in their basic sense on based on ethnicity and culture , the differences in the uk are regional at best not national . 
  i 'll put it this way , someone in carlisle ( england ) can get in the car and drive to dumfries ( scotland ) and if not for the road signs would n't know the damn difference . 
  hell someone could drive from manchester to perth and barely see a difference . 
  however a trip from dover ( england ) to calais ( france ) is a trip to a whole new world , and the distance is shorter than manchester to perth . 
  even moreso , a trip from marseille to milan is only a few hours over land and is a different dimension . 
  there is no way this could work as one nation because it defies the definition of a nation . 
  yes i stand by my comparison . 
  if dover to calais is a different world then yorkshire to transylvania is like the difference between tatooine and coruscant . 
  why do you want to destroy my country ? 
  and european countries in general ? 
  i would like britain to be a free agent personally , no problems with america , with the europeans or with the russians . 
   swede   does n't get national identity or pride typical we , the united kingdom of great britain and ( northern ) ireland, 
   forced to annex pieces of countries that do n't want to be under russian rule . 
  i 'm pretty sure the crimeans want it . 
   why the hell would a scot want to fight for an englishman ? 
  because we are one country ? 
   whereas there is n't anything connecting south asia and east asia culturally , ethnically , linguistically , phenotypically , etc nothing between yorkshire and transylvania either besides the fact we are both white and somewhat christian i can only find the figures for 2014 but we hit 2 % for nato then , although nato is n't the best option for us long term, 
  obrigado for your support oldest ally btw it 's uk not england, 
   i am aware of this . 
  given that leaving the echr faces a lot of opposition amongst the other tory leaders and that the good friday agreement in parts relies on it , repealing it wo n't be that easy . 
  of course it wo n't be easy , and in regards to the good friday agreement we would need to pass certain bills to cover up the legal gap there . 
  all in all i think the peace treaty needs to be revisited anyhow , since the system that it created is essentially soft apartheid between catholics and protestants . 
   and , as i already stated , if you leave the echr , you can be assured that it would be replaced by a domestic bill of rights . 
  well of course not , but a bill of rights would n't be like the american constitution anyway since parliament ca n't be bound they would just be laws . 
   your parliament wo n't do that however . 
  whether they will or wo n't is n't the question , they * can *, 
   if this is ever going to happen . 
  do n't forget that the british pushed for the echr and heavily influenced it in the first place . 
  there is also no possible scenario where it would just be abandoned without a domestic replacement . 
  looks like theresa may could become tory leader , leaving the echr is her pet project . 
   you really do not understand your own legal system . 
  lack of codified law does not mean that nobody has any rights . 
  the people in your country have rights beyond the echr and other conventions and eu law . 
  even those without british citizenship . 
  the basic principle of british law is that the crown ( via parliament ) is completely sovereign and ca n't bind future parliaments . 
  we can make or repeal whatever laws we want . 
  [ the future of the eu ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nb9hbse.jpg ), 
  yes , so fucked ... not my country paralysed by strikes and daily terror threats right now pierre, 
  why would i be salty ? 
  not my country being raped literally and financially, 
  much smaller scale is the operative term , and unlike you we do n't have it codified in our laws . 
  once we leave the echr they 'll have no rights at all . 
  riding the right wing wave , and winning . 
  was he paying for his own flat or is that a state provided one ? 
  if the latter , why is the state providing him with a flat ? 
  he should be in a tent, 
  oh christ , you 're the lad from r/uk who was scared to come to britain because you 're american `` of polish heritage '' lol i remember you, 
  yes we are literally zimbabwe now the ftse is back at pre brexit levels and the pound is recovering . 
  the snp is n't scotland , scotland is going to whinge and moan and then we will throw money at them and they 'll be quiet . 
  being excluded from the english market is way more damaging to them than not having access to the european market . 
  whatever not discussing my internal politics with the likes of you . 
   i 'm american . 
  i 've got a small group of scottish friends exactly . 
  that 's like me talking about the mood in jamaica because my friends mum is from the carribean and i have conversations with her sometimes . 
   yes i know . 
  they 're going to try to break off and if you do n't let them , there will be hell to pay . 
  ** talk to any scots lately ? 
  most of them want nothing to do with you right now ** and will fight to stay in the eu . 
  what 's a declining london going to do for them anyway ? 
  apparently you have n't . 
  are you even from the uk ? 
   well they 're certainly going to try . 
  the only way to keep them is to legally hold them hostage . 
  not a great relationship there and it ca n't end well . 
  of course nicola sturgeon is going to try , that 's what she does but she wo n't be getting another referendum and if she does that will be after brexit fully happens  you ... really think you guys are tough , huh ? 
  if you launched a nuke it would likely be deflected and you 'd definitely have 10fold the number pointed straight at yourselves . 
  that 's why no one sane actually uses nukes . 
  that 's the whole point of a nuclear deterrent mate , you ca n't attack us because the apocalypse will happen  ever see a bug stand on its hind legs trying to posture itself as big and threatening ? 
  you 're acting like that bug . 
  that 's more like eastern europe `` poland strong so strong they got wiped the map like 6 times in the last 2 centuries '', 
  yes lol , 2/4 countries . 
  it seems like you do n't really read the news . 
  scotland is n't getting another referendum , and ni has been ruled out . 
  if we got invaded by another country , another country would be nuked . 
  i do n't want enemies , i just do n't want to be in a political union with eastern europeans ( who i do n't depend on for defence ) europhiles , literally insane since 1957, 
   russia never stopped . 
  hence why those countries joined . 
  georgia , moldova , now ukraine . 
  the difference is we actually responded to ukraine . 
  the georgian situation was started when the georgians started shelling the ossetians not the other way round i do n't know enough about transnistria to comment . 
  it was fear of encirclement that makes russia be aggressive , do n't poke the bear and all that . 
  as for libya i take it you did n't read the clinton leaks lol as for europe being united and strong i 'm sure but what would be the point ? 
  there 's no european nation , why would i want to fight for them ? 
  that 's like saying if asia besides china united they could be strong but for what ? 
  is someone from peshawar and someone from osaka the same ? 
  germany 's military is falling apart by the way . 
  i do n't want to be king of the word again , i just want britain to be left alone to do what we do best trade with people, 
  russian apologist . 
  all better . 
  but let me explain how nato works - countries that do n't want to be under russia 's boot ask to join so that they do n't have to be . 
  it 's not nato 's fault that russia has historically treated eastern europe like complete shit . 
  you may have noticed that the nato presence in eastern europe has grown from next to nothing to a small tripwire contingency in the baltics . 
  before russia invaded its neighbor for wanting to be closer to europe , this was hardly present and nato mostly just held small maneuvers in poland with russian observers present .
