  meanwhile , russia has been acting aggressively towards its western neighbors . 
  given the snap maneuvers that are becoming so common , ** it 's ridiculous that you 'd claim nato moved armies to russia 's borders . 
  that only happened as a result of russian aggression . 
  ** russia was being aggro 10 + years ago when those countries joined nato ? 
  that 's the act of aggression muh predjudice and libya is an american neoconservative mission , not ours . 
  in conventional war we could hold our own with every country save for america , china and russia . 
  putting troops on someone 's border is a provocation [ here 's jeremy corbyn talking about the whole situation ] ( http://youtu.be/ziz82ujfpj8 ), 
  oh i do n't know what occupation feels like because we actually won the battle and kept foreign troops off our shores . 
  it 's not anyone 's fault but your own that you could n't defend your own land . 
  we negotiated away your countries at yalta because it was convenient . 
  oh we 're not what we once were , but at least we are n't third word paranoid hells . 
  we can actually defend ourselves , our culture is exported all over the planet , g8 , unsc etc. 
  at least our people do n't defecate in the street and have blood feuds, 
  not a russian nationalist , im from the uk . 
  i 'm just saying if you put an army on someone 's border do n't be surprised when they response this is why people hate eastern europeans , you lot think you 're all such strong brave warriors when you 're really irrelevant and entitled nations who use my military to goad russia into war . 
  ugh , the uk needs to leave nato once the brexit negotiations are done . 
  actual independence would be nice . 
  [ mfw ] ( http://youtu.be/cpwhiekeg-0 ), 
  american neoconservatism and the paranoia/persecution complex of balts and poles , mostly, 
  well then do n't complain when you 're glad about the provocation russia 's response in ukraine and in georgia was a response to the well founded fear of more nato encirclement . 
  because nato moved eastward to russia 's borders , russia did n't move westward to nato ... actually the opposite it shrunk back when you knock on someone 's door with a gun in your hand , you 're the one looking for a fight, 
  only possibility is if nato keeps making provocations in eastern europe . 
  we can dislike more than one person at once you know, 
  murdoch owns half of britain 's media and most of australia 's as well, 
  ca n't europeans in switzerland get denied a permit if it looks that they 'll be a burden ? 
  right now here in britain a gypsy from slovakia can just come here with the intention of begging . 
  i have no problem with people coming to * work * but just work , they should n't be eligible for any public benefits and get the same rights as a non-settled non eu immigrant . 
  as for the single market , i 'm thinking at this point it 's probably better for our long term economy to negotiate keeping the financial passport and leaving the single market . 
  the city is the backbone of the british economy . 
  switzerland does n't have total free movement , you have to apply for a permit once in country . 
  they have access to the market . 
  i 'm willing to give up full access tbh , all that matters is the financial passport and having some control on europeans coming in . 
  eu citizens are n't the same as british citizens . 
  having the right to live and work in britain is n't the same as being a british national, 
  he wants to roll back the race relations act because it 's outdated , and an infringement on free association that advertisement was n't nazi like what 's his german wife have to do with anything ? 
  he pretty much laid out a plan , also he was a good mayor for our capital, 
  ireland is n't in schengen so that does n't apply m8 the norway border has customs checks but not much more, 
  i would like the border to be like border with sweden and norway, 
  look at the stats , majority of tories , vast majority of ukippers , 40 % of labour and snp voters , 30 % of green and lib dem voters, 
  i think that both sides are digging their trenches for negotiations i think that boris was always a bit of a eurosceptic , but if he advertised that he would n't have been able to become mayor in very pro-europe london, 
  did you read boris ' piece in the telegraph and listen to his speech ? 
  vote leave is n't in government , the pm is pro eu ... once boris becomes pm we can talk about going back on promises, 
  the will of the people might scupper the project !, 
  the irish government and us both agree no hard border . 
  the only issue is going to be sorting out the legal mess of the good friday agreement . 
  it 's a double edged sword , the limbo is bad for the markets but at the same time cameron is n't the right one to negotiate . 
  ukip were n't part of the official leave campaign they ran their own campaign . 
  they 're not in government they have one mp and thus no power . 
  i live just outside of sheffield , you 'll be fine if you want to visit it 's improved a lot in the last 10 years . 
  i live in a proper neighbourhood in england . 
  germans face no problems . 
  the europeans just think he is because he puts the uk before the project , do n't expect valuable answers on this sub these eu fanatics are absolutely mad . 
  yes , we should 've had a referendum on the maastricht treaty . 
   in west germany , the first post-war generation in the 1960s openly rebelled against the former nazi generation that was still in control of the country are you giving praise to the red army faction now ? 
  the truth hurts . 
  actually it is , when you do n't vote you defer to the voters who did vote . 
  i know you lot on the continent do n't have much experience with democracy , since you were until recently either absolute monarchies , fascists or communists but that 's how it works . 
   as other redditor put it , part of the vote to remain in the uk by scotland , was their desire to remain in the eu . 
  i hear that same argument being used against the catalan nationalists in spain all the time ( `` if you leave us , you leave the eu '' ) . 
  so you ca n't ignore that part of the scottish vote on the referendum was influenced by that . 
  and you can clearly see that scotland voted massively against the `` leave '' option . 
  it does n't matter , it matters what was on the ballot . 
  where else besides in your paella clogged mind is gibraltar trying to `` get back with spain '' ? 
  you have an article ? 
   still both important members of nato well germany has an army that could n't take on south yorkshire police so ... hopefully the uk will eventually leave nato . 
   suddenly lefties are concerned about banks, 
  the scottish government is n't empowered to leave , and a unilateral declaration of independence is n't hapoening . 
  no country that has any relations with britain would choose to recognise a breakaway state . 
  they have to go through the proper process . 
  i downvoted you because you asked a stupid question . 
  trump obviously wants to take a different path . 
  european interests are irrelevant . 
  no , they 're not an independent government they 're basically an overinflated local authority . 
  they 're subject to the british parliament , power flows downward queen  westminster  scottish/welsh/ni parliament . 
  the act of not voting is giving your consent to be government by whatever decision is made . 
  i know that the europeans are circling like vultures but that is n't how it works . 
  scottish eu membership was n't on the ballot for the independence referendum , they were made a wishy washy campaign promise . 
  they 've now voted to remain part of the uk and with that means following london . 
  that 's not even the argument i 'm getting into though , because it 's circular what i 'm saying is constitutionally the scots do n't have foreign policy devolved . 
  they have no legal right to conduct foreign affairs . 
  personally i 'm in favour of giving them a referendum , after we completely sever our connection to europe and are '' `` out '' '' , not a moment before . 
  ukraine has a lot of people , and is poor . 
  the last thing western european nations need is more slavics migrating by the millions . 
  the turnout is meaningless , if you do n't show up you do n't matter . 
  fascists . 
  if you do n't show up , your voice does n't matter . 
  who knew we had so many wannabe mussolinis in europe ? 
   has eu flag   hates democracy why am i not suprised . 
  trump already supported brexit and said he hopes the eu falls apart so he 's a friend of mine . 
  would be nice if america became the patron of anti-eu movements in europe . 
  because trading is literally the same as beings annexed . 
  that 's our problem with europe , we want trade not political union . 
  good thing the snp is n't a sovereign government , the people of scotland voted to remain part of the uk . 
  the snp is the leader of a devolved administration subordinate to london , they have to be given permission to leave the uk . 
  agreed , the race relations act is outdated . 
  he 's actually charming i like him , i do n't like the other members of ukip much just him and paul nuttal . 
  old article , but what 's the problem with murdoch i never got the left 's obsession with him . 
  do you lot feel about him the same way normal people feel about soros ? 
  well ireland was a part of the uk for over 200 years and we have an agreement with them that predates our eu membership by decades . 
  the irish are always welcome in the united kingdom .
