  here in the netherlands , they are out of fashion . 
  i almost never see any young people wearing one ( i work on a school , so i see a lot of young persons on a daily bases ) . 
  maybe because it signals that you are of low status , a poor person . 
  the only few people i see them wearing here are blacks , the ones that like a music called `` hip hop '' ( melodic music with a person performing a rhyme on this melodic music ) . 
  because the prostitutes ( at least in the netherlands ) are seen as employees . 
  they pay taxes , and are supported by local governments with health problems related with their occupation ( sexual transmitted diseases ) . 
  also , many prostitutes who are using drugs , are on methadon , to get them off heroin/other harddrug use . 
  all of this makes them healthier and so make them more `` normal looking '' , and not like a `` walking dead '' like in the us for instance ( i saw many of those examples on the tv program cops ) . 
  europe is a country o_o please check your local library and try to find a atlas there . 
  you will see a continent called europe , with a lot of names and lines on it . 
  those names and lines represents different countries . 
  very interresting , try to check out other continents also . 
  so london it is , 
  munster in germany , the christmas market there is so much fun for the whole family  and the city itself is very beautiful and has a realy nice and friendly atmosphere : http://www.germany-christmas-market.org.uk/muenster_christmas_market.php, 
  i think it will depend heavely on where you live . 
  i think that countries that have a similar culture as your own will get more apriciation from you . 
  i have to say that it is a bit of a useless question realy . 
  you could also ask for which colour people like the most : you will get answers based on personal prefferences , not any answers based on facts or data :(, 
  in the netherlands , employers , employees and government talk with eatchother in discussions . 
  there are very few strikes in the netherlands , and when they happen , they are very peacefull . 
  employers and government know people can go on a strike , so they tend to make a compromise with them . 
  all 3 parties involved ( employers , emplyees and government ) know that strikes are bad for the economy , and try to avoid having them . 
  so you can say the totall opposite of how france is `` managing '' their labor markets . 
  only worry for fuel shortages , otherwise no problems . 
  these riots and strikes are part of french culture , when their government makes a law that some social-organisations do n't like , they will ask their members to go on strike or `` to make noize '' to make their demands heared in goverment . 
  it 's almost a sort of ritual that you mus n't take too seriously/take with a hughe grain of salt . 
  it 's all for the show realy , part of the negotiation proces . 
  fuel shortages can be a problem for you , just go to every petrol station you pass by and try to fill up your tank every so often . 
  also , trains can be delayed/or out of service altogether . 
  like i said before , it 's a regularly re-occuring phenomena , that will blow over in a week or two . 
  it 's a bit strange ( for me living in the netherlands ) to see them acting like they do , we have a much different labour culture , here in the netherlands employees , employers and government tend to talk and discus with eachother rather then to go to strike for every little law and problem . 
  the french are very tiresome sometimes :(, 
  percentage wise , looking at all the troops stationed in these countries over all these years , means it '' s a pretty safe job . 
  they go out on missions , but only a few get killed every year . 
  i never served in the dutch army , but i know some people who have . 
  they told me that it 's a job , like any other job , but it has a nice payment . 
  the dangers of being a soldier nowadays are very low , so nobody worries about being wounded or killed . 
  every so often , there are riots in france . 
  it 's not news anymore , but part of french culture . 
  and not in a good way :( nobody cares :(, 
   because often with power comes wealth , and with wealth , usually comes an increase in standard of living how is it possible then , that all those powerfull nations had/have a small enormous wealthy upperclass and a enormous reservoir of poor people ( i think of roman empire , greek city states , percians , russian empire , dutch in the golden age , uk 's empre , usa ) and that small unimportant countries do so well for their inhabitants : like the northern european countries today . 
  it has nothing to do with global power , but everything with sharing resources and money among all citizens , making them much more equal . 
  are you american ? 
  because this power-thinking is so typical for us society as a whole . 
  note to op : i also downvoted this post inmediately . 
   he was instantly downvoting my answers because you said i was rude :(  `` go right back to germany '' . 
  i said : `` go right back to r/germany '' that is different from what i said before . 
  you are deliberatly quoting me wrong to make a statement . 
  now , who is rude to who o_o, 
  i 'm not that rude . 
  this is for european wide questions . 
  you have a country specific question , so that is what r/germany is for . 
  then you can go right back to r/germany for a proper answer . 
  europe is n't the same as germany . 
  r/germany o_o, 
   i 've always thought that the nordic countries where kind of held back by their tiny size and , if united , would have the potential to become a regional power this sounds so american :( why do they always think in terms of `` power '' , not in `` welfare for the people '' . 
  it makes me sad . 
  ok , if your culture , politics , etc is situated on the continent of europe , you are european o_o, 
  the uk is on the continent of europe , so yes , you are european o_o, 
  let me quote myself from a previous reply : `` there is a fine line dividing patriotic and nationalist : many us people cross that line . 
  patriotic is being proud of your country , and that 's it . 
  it ends there . 
  nationalist means being proud of your country and thinking that your country is better then others , not based on facts or data , but guttfeelings/propaganda/indoctrination . 
  people from various european countries have grown up with many grewsome stories about both world wars , that were very nationalistic in nature . 
  that 's why nationalism ( and it 's little cousin patriatism ) are rejected by people from many different european countries . 
  please read a history book to understand this and to get a feel of how these two wars have shaped people 's and society 's view on warfare . '', 
   infrastructure that is a big problem . 
  sense the usa is so huge its hard to keep all the roads paved it 's not a problem of size , it 's a problem of how much your society wants to pay for it via taxes . 
  you can hire enough people to maintain roads , but it will cost money . 
  here in the netherlands we have choosen , as a society , to pay enough tax to maintain our roads . 
  in the us , people have choosen , as a society , to not pay enough tax to maintain their roadsystem . 
  crumbling roads are a outcome of the choices you made as a society as a whole o_o, 
   for bring overly patriotic that right there is nationalism :(, 
  there is a fine line dividing patriotic and nationalist : many us people cross that line . 
  patriotic is being proud of your country , and that 's it . 
  it ends there . 
  nationalist means being proud of your country and thinking that your country is better then others , not based on facts or data , but guttfeelings/propaganda/indoctrination . 
  people from various european countries have grown up with many grewsome stories about both world wars , that were very nationalistic in nature . 
  that 's why nationalism ( and it 's little cousin patriatism ) are rejected by people from many different european countries . 
  please read a history book to understand this and to get a feel of how these two wars have shaped people 's and society 's view on warfare . 
   you say that were are easily approachable but we have a plastic smile what do you mean first i want to restate that i never visited the us myself , that i have to rely on what i read , see and hear . 
  what i heared , from many people ( who have visited the us , so not only interacted with them outside of the us ) , is that us people were very aproachable , you could easily ask them someting and talk to them . 
  but it was not ( or very very difficult ) to have a meaningfull conversation with them and go indept on important topics . 
  it looked like us people were easy to talk with , but that there was a invisible wall/barrier that prevented my friends/family to get to know what the us people realy were thinking about subjects/topics . 
  this i got not from one person , but from many accounts that i heared , and that i tried to put in one overall reply to your question . 
  my reply on your question was not meant as a insult or as criticism to the us , it was just what i heared from a lot of people who visited your country . 
  what i stated was not meant as a good or bad account , it was just meant as a account of what people thought and saw in the us and what their thoughts were when they saw these things . 
  it 's not meant as a positive or negative account , but just as a account . 
   california is very diverse . 
  its like 70 % white that 's a cultural difference between the us and the netherlands : here in the netherlands , diversity is measured by cultural differences , not by skincolour ( a black dutch person is just as dutch as i am as a white dutch person ) . 
  so when my dutch friends/family went to the state of california/other parts of the us , they did n't saw the many different colours of people as something remarkeble , but the lack of cultural diversity for such a amount of population . 
  that was their impression , so that 's what i stated in my previous reply to your topic question . 
  never visited the us , but many people i know have . 
  what people tell me who visited the us is that it is a geographical varied country with cold and warm areas , and with woods and deserts . 
  the landscape is empty and there are even patches of land wich are just simply not used , left alone . 
  this is in sharp contrast to the netherlands ( where i live ) . 
  the people in the us live in urban areas with hughe areas in between those urban areas where not many people live . 
  the urban areas have a sharp contrast between rich and poor , very extreme i heared . 
  the rich live in `` gated communities '' and the poor in a sort of caravans . 
  the middle class live in , sometimes wooden ! , houses .
