  it is a buisiness transaction after all , in a shop you will also not throw money at the counter , but hand it over in a civilised manner . 
  that 's a tv show from flanders . 
  my grandpa liked to watch that show :d boma lol, 
  you have to understand that we had our own problems here in the netherlands , germany was occupying us so that is our focus point of wwii . 
  the pacific theathre was of minor importance to the netherlands , and it is mainly seen as the war where the japanese aoccupied the dutch east indies and had taken the colonial population imprisoned in camps . 
  pearl harbor was the incident that made the us join the fight against the japanese . 
  it is just a battle in a warzone that was far away realy , nothing special to us , but i gues to americans it was of a far more importance , because it effected you so much more . 
  but i ca n't comment on that because i have not enough knowledge about history lessons on us highschools . 
  you know your finkers, 
  i live in almelo , so yes , that could be true . 
  the same in the netherlands ( without the swimming pool though ) . 
  til , i never saw it in zeeland though . 
  no one is only bad or only good , also fidel castro has many faces . 
   it 's not even real citizenship , for there was n't an expansion of rights nor duties . 
  caracalla did n't dictate his edict for nothing , he needed tax and soldiers . 
  now i am sure yuou are a lier that is just copy and pasting some texts from internet :( please do n't troll here . 
  and also a dead give away is your cursing , it makes you stand out as a ignorant person , not somebody who has studied for many years . 
  it makes you look like a teenager who wants to troll :( if you did n't had any roman citizenship , it defenately was a expension of your rights and duty . 
  if you had read my comment , you would have come across this sentence `` i have mixed feelings about him '' `` americans , dumb and lazy as fuck '' , i would have said if i was like you . 
  but i 'm not . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  if you studied the roman empire for 5 years , you should know that one of the emperors gave citizenship to all his free subjects in one instance . 
  so yes , in a manner of speaking , they would had it suddenly . 
  it was a edict of caracalla that made this a law . 
  why are you lying to me . 
  you never studied anything at all . 
  you are a troll :( you do n't know this after 5 years of studying o_o, 
  the rhine river flows in the netherlands into the nordsea . 
   does not make the population of that territory romans , even if they have roman citizenship . 
  but that was the whole point of the roman empire , it did make the people become roman when they gained citizenship . 
  that was the major roman development , a revolution that changed the world we know till this day . 
  the idea of being a citizen of a state , rather then only being a citizen of a village or city alone . 
  because i pointed out to you that so many british people died on behalf of a nationalistic war ? 
  like i said before , you have some `` fucked up '' ideas , joyfull will be the day when nationalism has dissapeared from this world , when there is no need anymore for wearing poppies to remind people of the madness caused by this terrible - ism . 
  well , half of the netherlands were under roman occupation . 
  the roman border , the limes , run along the rhine river , cutting nowadays netherlands in half . 
   very little ethnic or cultural difference between romans and other italians compared to those between egyptians or celts and romans . 
  i would say that that was only the case among the latins , not between the latins and other itlian tribes/people though . 
  please read a historybook and discover that by the time of the emperors , citizenship was a common thing around the empire . 
   why is nationalism a modern day problem ? 
  you , as a british person , are saying this ?!? 
  have n't you learned anything from your past ? 
  have n't you see the bbc people on tv wearing a poppy ? 
  hundreds of thousands of british , german , french belgian and many other people have died in the name of nationalism . 
  and you ask why nationalism is a problem ? 
  you are fucked up ( sorry for my strong language but you are realy fucked up ) . 
  bread with peanutbutter and sambal : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjnzo5zgwe8, 
  dutch tv/movies are n't very interresting ( small country , not much money availeble to produce anything ) . 
  the uk has produced some realy good tv entertainment though , blackadder comes to mind , fawlty towers , etc. 
  usualy it goes like this : the bigger the audiance , the bigger the budgets , the better the qualty of television and movies . 
  dutch language productions just have a too small of a audiance to ever become as good as other bigger language area productions . 
  you are defenately a nationalist who is using the roman empire for his own italian supriority feelings , even though it does n't match up with history itself :( nationalism is a modern day problem , do n't let history be the victim of it . 
  i do n't hate guns , some people need them for there work , like police , military and vetenarians . 
  i am just afraid of those machines . 
  they are very dangerous . 
   i ca n't believe you 're trying to detract italy from the roman empire , just because other territories made up the empire . 
  almost all italian area 's were just as area 's outside of italy conquered by the romans . 
  to make a distinction between italy and other european countries is a modern nationalistic reasoning . 
  are you a nationalist ? 
   italians probably feel more connected to the roman empire because they are the closest people related to it , at least in a geographical sense . 
  http://www.ancient.eu/uploads/images/266.png?v=1431031796 / s, 
  what you fail to grasp is that it did n't stop at the city borders of rome , but that it was a roman empire , that covered a lot of area 's and a lot of people , outside the city limits of the city of rome . 
  it was a hughe ... i am repeating myself again . 
  please , please , please read a history book on the subject . 
  please !, 
  rome was not a city , it was a empire with millions of people , all romans , all living in a hughe empire . 
  it was a concept of being part of a greater entity , very revolutionary in that time . 
  before the roman empire , you where part of a village or a city . 
  now as a roman citizen you were first and foremost part of this enormous empire . 
  do n't underestimate the enormity of this revolutionary development , it changed history ( and our world today ) forever . 
  yes , there 's a lot of curru [ tion in the netherlands . 
  some eu politicians just go to meetings to sign off and recieving hundreds of euro 's just to show up for meetings . 
  it 's terrible :(, 
  then op has no idea of what the roman empire was , what it meant to the people who lived in it and what territory it covered . 
  please read a historybook about the subject , before posting awkward statements . 
  no it 's not . 
  people from all over the empire saw themselves as romans , as citizens of this empire , not only the people of what is now italy . 
  please go read a historybook on this subject . 
  a good choice would be spqr by mary beard . 
  and a real thinbg , spread out over many provinces . 
  people all over the empire saw themselves as romans . 
  please buy a history book ( or visit wikipedia ) and look at a map of the roman empire , you will see it is much bigger then italy nowadays is . 
  it consisted of many provinces that ... i am repeating myself :( just look at a map of the roman empire , and please tell me that it was situated only in italy / s, 
  nobody knows , no one has the ability to look into the future . 
  agreed . 
  like i stated before , the roman empire consisted of many provinces covering a hughe area , not only italy . 
  please read my comment first before posting please . 
  why only the italians ? 
  the roman empire consisted of many provinces with many people living there who got , in the time period of the emperors , all got roman citizenship . 
  the roman empire was part of many people 's past ( then and now ) . 
  i think you have a very narrow vision of the roman empire realy . 
  all cities and provinces outside the city of rome where not roman in origin , but conquered by the people of the city of rome . 
  why would somebody in northern italy be more proud of their roman history then , for example , somebody in southern france or coastel algeria ? 
  all where conquered by the romans . 
  the netherlands has a choosen goverment with a prime minister as head of this government . 
  the king willem-alexander has a largely cerimonial role . 
  the unpopular status of the netherlands comes largely because of it 's dull landscape of endless flat polders . 
  but in reality , we have also urban zones and even some hills in the deep south of the country . 
  i think people hate the netherlands so much because they never visited the country . 
  would more people visit the netherlands , they would get a more balanced view .
