  reading your comments makes me think you have never traveled outside the us . 
  why this superiority complex ? 
   the us is definitely a democracy a two party sytem and a election system by statem , where the majority of the votes gets all the votes in the council that actualy chooses the president . 
  that means that if you vote for a loser on state level , your vote is lost . 
  yes , your voice as a citizen is terminated !, 
  you call that a democracy ? 
  or are you calling this a democracy because you where tought to call it that ? 
  as well as nations within europe . 
  fyi for example : belgium is a foreign nation too . 
  in western europe , there is a club of nations that tries to better their own situation by working together , instead of forcing their values and system of government upon others . 
  it 's called the eu and the netherlands is a member of this club . 
  we are working together with our neighbouring countries without forcing them to imply the dutch government system or our dutch values . 
  we respect theirs and they respect ours . 
  yes , that is also possible , all without this horrible nationalism of yours . 
  in fact , the eu was founded on the notion of no more war between european countries , wars that were fueled by nationalism . 
  in a sence , the eu is our defence against european nationalism . 
   the idea that every people would have its own country , which contributed to the unification of germany and italy and the collapse of the russian empire and austria-hungary . 
  that 's right , all the suffering , war and deaths caused by this where probably not told in school :( that is the danger of nationalism : you are better then your neighbour , you deserve a own place on this world . 
  it caused so much suffering and deaths :( just look at this ( nsfw ) http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3120772.stm nationalism is a sickness . 
   all foreign policy is nationalistic . 
  if you live in a country that does n't put your nation first that is a sad state of affairs this thinking is the nationalism i hate so much , that causes so much suffering in the world , what drives us foreign policy . 
  the idea of working together towards a better future is lost to us foreign policy , it is focused on implementing their own values and ideas on other countries :(, 
  ofcourse i do , that 's why i stated that the foreign policy of the us is driven by nationalistic goals ( please read my previous reply for more indepth information about it ), 
  when us society thinks that it 's values and system of government are the best in the world and needs to be exported to the rest of the world ( and does that with force , economic presure and war ) it is extreme nationalism to me . 
  this is my defenition : patriotism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country without any superiority feelings towards other villages , provinces , countries . 
  nationalism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country with supriority feelings towards other villages , provinces , countries . 
  that 's why i made it clear i used the word nationalism instead of patriotism !, 
  patriotism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country without any superiority feelings towards other villages , provinces , countries . 
  nationalism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country with supriority feelings towards other villages , provinces , countries . 
  i never have been to the us , but from what i have gathered from tv-news , news articles in newspapers and talking to actual us citizens who visited the netherlands/friends and family who visited the us , there are a few things i realy think are things better changed for the better : - extreme nationalism : it 's so engrained into us society , us citizens take it for granted . 
  but for a outsider/foreigner like myself it 's scary , somethimes it takes me back to the europe of the the late 1890 's / beginning of the 1900 's , where the same sort of extreme nationalism was taken for granted in almost all western european countries . 
  the same vibe realy . 
  it 's beyond scary , it 's freigthning . 
  - low education level : for some reason , the idea has taken hold in us society that education is not a universal right , but must be class dependant . 
  public education is region financed , so rich neighbourhoods ( upper class ) have good public education , while poor neighbourhoods ( lower class ) can only provide their citizens with 3rd world level public education . 
  because good secondary education costs a lot of money , there are very few opportunaties to climb the social ladder in the us , much less so then other developed area 's ( like the netherlands ) in the world . 
  - same story for universal healthcare realy . 
  - the influence of religion on society is very scary . 
  - political system : the us has a two party system with a two stage election ( so your vote can render useless o_o ) . 
  i still ca n't believe my ears when i hear us citizens make the statement that they live in a democracy . 
  maybe that has to do something with the very poor education many of these us citizens recieved and never learned to think for themselves/ask critical questions , but instead just say what they hear on tv . 
  - the extremes between rich and poor . 
  it creates a country that is more and more divided into social classes which tend to be inward looking , closed off for other classes , a country where rich and poor do n't interact , do n't come into contact with eachother . 
  i heared this again and again when i talked with people who visited the us . 
  it 's a country with a very low social cohesion :( - the crumbling infrastructure and their unwillingness to pay for maintanance . 
  just this whole `` i do n't want to pay for something that some one else will use too '' mindset , this blatant egoism . 
  i could go on , but i think you get the idea . 
  btw : the nature parks must be beautifull , i heared from others who visited the us . 
  also on the 25 cent coins from the american te beautiful commorative coins are some great scenes from those parks depicted , 
  no , never heared of them ofcourse . 
  why would i have ? 
  they are american folk heroes , not dutch folk heroes . 
  i also never heared of folk heroes from 200 other countries : / folk heroes tend to stay famous in their own national/regional culture only , because their achievements/acts had only a rather local impact/significanse . 
  yes , absolutely , and i like that very much . 
  as a inhabitant of a smaller country within the eu ( the netherlands ) i am very happy we do n't have a council of ministers that is choosen directly by all the eu citizens with the `` one man one vote '' principle . 
  the netherlands would loose it 's say against the big countries . 
  now it is as important as any other country ( it can use it 's veto ) . 
  democracy on a eu level is terrible : there are no europeans , only inhabitants of different countries . 
  first create europeans , then make the eu a democracy , but we are a few hundred years away from this situation . 
  untill then , long live the one country one vote principle , 
  if you have a dutch passport , you are a dutch citizen o_o citizenship is something completely different then etnicity : having a dutch passport will not make you a etnic dutch person . 
  this is a fundamental difference between the netherlands and the us , in the us you become a etnic american when you get us citizenship . 
  this is not the case in the netherlands at all . 
  no , i am serious . 
  why ? 
  you hate te urbanized part of twente ? 
  the railway between almelo ( the city i live in the netherlands ) and enschede ( netherlands ) is very pitoreque , with wide open views , urban highrises , fields , and forresr areas . 
  just beautiful !, 
  that could be the case , i never saw them in the netherlands, 
  terrible :( i did n't learn english and german for nothing . 
  language is just a tool to communicate . 
  just use the language that you both speak best . 
  please do n't try to speak dutch , it is very insulting to dutch people , it signals you do n't want to communicate propperly with them o_o, 
  boozy woozy reasons maybe o_o, 
  please stay civilised :(, 
  you are not serious anymore :(, 
  you do unfortunately , you make me come into forced contact with this poison of yours :( frightning . 
   the eu referendum i still ca n't understand the brexit motivation of those ( the majority ! ), 
  uk voters who voted to leave the eu . 
  it puzzles me why those people who live in area 's who bennefits the most of the eu regional development funds voted for leaving wales ( infrastructure ) english countryside ( farmers getting 1/3rd of their income from eu funds ) those people must be 1 ) insanely dumb or 2 ) nationalistic maniacs o_o, 
   i encourage you to get to know some religious people but i do know religious people . 
  please read my comment carefully , and you will discover that i am not against religious people , but against religion as a phenemena in public life . 
   / r/atheism is not a great source on information about this `` poison '' you speak of . 
  i am not a atheist , i am not against religion . 
  it is up to individual people to decide if they want to poison their minds with religion , it 's a individual choice . 
  just like alcohol , soft-drugs , gambling , etc. 
  i just hope it will be banned out of public life , where people are in forced contact with this ideological poison :(, 
  i always give people the bennefit of the doubt . 
  i was sooo wrong :(, 
   do the mourners view the cremation ? 
  yes , in a cremation service , the coffin is put in a oven in front of the close family https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bm2bvmgnxlo lowering of the coffin into the oven at 40:00, 
  please stay civilised :(, 
  here is a video of a example https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=guedhia5pni, 
  me too o_o, 
  in the netherlands , we used to have a rather secular society . 
  but nowadays i see more and more people who are openly religious in a public setting . 
  it 's still a minority of dutch society ( mostly muslim headscarfs and catholic crosses worn on a neckless ) . 
  it frightens me :( i think religion is poison and should be banned out of public life . 
  there are tempels for that and what people do at home is to their own . 
  but it should not be allowed outside of those restricted area 's .
