  brexit is the final act of the rising phenix that is the uk . 
  with their mighty fleet and dominating airpower they will protect the world against the axis of evil . 
  with many exiting new trade deals on the horizon , they need to control and protect the worlds trade/shipping lanes . 
  now that the us will decline to a third world status under trumps presidency , it 's the uk that will be master of the world !, 
  you forgot to use / s at the end . 
  i do n't like the idea of a person becomming a head of state as a birthright . 
  but i like even less the idea of a choosen head of state , not representing everybody . 
  i think the monarchy is the best solution out of bad choices . 
  on the plus side , a king/queen gives a country stability , a choosen head of state ca n't guarentee this . 
  that many o_o, 
  my grandparents were all living in small villages , where farmers and government employees , had many children , where religious . 
  lived in continious stress because of no securitees ( no social benefits , no unemployment benefits , etc ) . 
  they all lived their lifes close to their homes . 
  i on the other hand live in a city , have a guarenteed job at a school , non-religious , travel all around the netherlands and germany ( and somethimes other countries too ) in my weekends/vacations , have a lot of social securities . 
  as far as i know , migrants go to a other country to work there . 
  why should the netherlands be a exeption to this ? 
  almost all western european countries have migrants comming in from eastern european countries . 
  this is also why the brexit is such a difficult matter : the uk wants to have access to the eu market , but does n't want to accept free movement between member states ( one of the eu 's fundamental rules ) . 
  the uk does n't want eastern europeans in their countries anymore , but still want to profit from the eu market . 
  i still do n't see the connection between a survival of the existance of a country and migrants from eastern europe though . 
  to be honoust , i do n't see the connection of migrants comming towards the netherlands ( people who move to the netherlands to work and pay taxes ) and the survival of the netherlands itself . 
  i do n't think you have a full grasp of the migrant situation here in the netherlands at all . 
  by far , most migrants are comming from other eu member nations , because their citizens free movement rights inside of the eu . 
  although those people come from poor backwards countries like romania , poland and bulgaria , they realy are not third world countries at all . 
  give those countries 50 years or so , and they probably will be close to western european countrie 's development levels . 
  it is not strange to search for ancesters , many people do this , also in the netherlands . 
  but for them , it stops there : `` ok , my ancesters came from that area/province/country , interesting '' . 
  but many americans go full retard on this . 
  they imagine that they are from that area/province/country , that they belong to the culture of that area/province / country , that they share similar cultural simularities . 
  that 's nuts : they were born and raised in the us , their parents too . 
  that makes you a american . 
  saying that you are irish/german/japanese , etc because some great great whatever came from there is just crazy mad . 
  and it does n't stop there , some complete wacko 's even think that you can inherrit cultural things , like `` i 'm irish , so i can drink whatever i want , i will not get drunk '' , and even more wackier persons go test themselves for cultural genes o_o that is why many inhabitants from countries in europe think this behaviour is utterly bonkers . 
  i do n't agree at all , we have them also in almelo , the east of the netherlands ( the city i live in ) . 
  in a other city here in the east of the netherlands , enschede , there is a whole park full of them ( volkspark ) . 
  it 's a big problem that some people just want to ignore , pass by when they are confronted by it and pretend it does n't exists :( it 's not pc to talk about this shamefull problem , but many homeless people do have to live on the streets of our cities all over the netherlands , addicted to alcohol or drugs they have to make money to support their addiction . 
  the problem does n't exist when you ignore it and turn a blind eye to it o_o, 
  stereotype 's florish there , where there is less contact between people to see the nuances between eachother . 
  long ago , there was a long border between two groups of countries , the iron curtain . 
  it prevented in a major way the exchange of peoples and ideas between those two groups of countries . 
  stereotypes could florish and many east european inhabitants from various countries were seen as very black/white without the nuances they were having ( romanians are gypsies , bulgarians are all untrustworthy lying people , etc ) . 
  now with the iron curtain gone , and many countries in eastern europe are a part of the eu , many uneducated poor people from those countries come to western european countries to find work . 
  by interacting with the local populations in these western european nations , they showed that stereotypes are often not that black/white as many had thought it would be . 
  in reality , many eastern europeans are weak and their women ( very ) ugly . 
  just as western europeans . 
  almost nothing is only good or only bad , only beautiful or only ugly . 
  almost everything will be inbetween extremes , a large big grey area . 
  erasing the netherlands would be a great idea : all those people that have drowned during it 's existance , all those people that have suffered a horrible life and death within it 's borders , all would n't have happened . 
  also , germany and belgium would have a much longer seashore , making the inhabitants of these countries much happier with all those extra beaches . 
  antwerp becoming the port of europe and providing so many more jobs to belgians . 
  all those deaths and suffering in the dutch colonies , all never happened . 
  defenately erasing the netherlands . 
  i am not in touch with modern age television shows , because i almost never watch tv anymore ( only news nowadays realy ) , so i am very sorry to say that i ca n't recommend any shows because i am out of touch with modern day television :(, 
  it could only be solved if both parties wanted to compromise on their faithy claims , but that will never happen , so only the dissapearance of jews or palestinians will solve this . 
  because i am not realy comfortable with committing mass murder , i ca n't resolve this problem , even with the authority granted to me by a magic genie . 
  i 'm too old for those kinds of music :( it 's just all too loud and noisy to me . 
  i think it is a youth thing , not for the old people . 
   that if my and your freedom of speech are under threat i wo n't have to count on you to defend these basic human rights . 
  i do n't have changed your sentences , you realy said these creepy things :( ofcourse i 'm not going to die for a idea o_o if the netherlands would become a dictatorship , i will emigrate away , instead of rotting away as a dead corpse because of defending a idea . 
  you realy want other people to die for a imaginary idea . 
  you are a sick person . 
   something i think we can be proud of  how good we have it compared to most of the world  is no denying that living in the netherlands grants you some of the best rights and liberties currently available around the globe  fought and died to maintain our rights and liberties . 
  i just hope that in the current year people will be willing to do the same spotted the creepy nationalist that wants people to die for a grand idea :(, 
  just never forget that the netherlands has many flows and is realy dull and is just very average , by no means a beacon of hope for humanity as a whole . 
  it will prevent you from crossing the nationalistic line . 
   defending democracy and freedom of speech i was pointing towards your nationalistic tendencies , extreme right do n't care about those values . 
  be very very careful though , patriotism is a very slippery slope towards nationalism . 
  be careful !, 
   i would wish we where a bit more patriotic that sounds creepy to me :( are you extreme right ? 
  the bellamy salute makes the pledge a real american classic !, 
  as far as i know , i have never heared somebody on the continent of europe use the term `` yankees '' for americans . 
  i think it is a term they use themselves a lot to descibe a inhabitant of their own country . 
  holland - only people from the provinces of north and south holland use this term of describing the whole country of the netherlands , it 's a ego thing for them :( england - very common for dutch people to use england as a name for the whole of the uk . 
  first time i hear about the sub . 
  why is schulz so important , that he deserves his own sub ? 
  he is not realy funny , his powers are very limited . 
  or is it that germans are ashamed of him ? 
  it 's better to give him no attention whatso ever . 
  and realy the sub is not funny at all realy :(, 
  i gues germany , but in a remote way realy . 
  i find this a rather strange question . 
  good and interresting foreign books are translated into dutch , so there is realy no difference between dutch and foreign authers , only a difference in good/bad or interresting/dull literature . 
  i do n't like literature realy , i am more interrested in scifi and old travel journals ( in their original writing though ) . 
  changing the climate would be very harmfull to the dutch economy . 
  a lot of agricultural products are exported , so climatical change would hurt that sector of the economy . 
  so no , i would n't change te climate if i could . 
  anything in the netherlands . 
  very boring flat landscape , full of boring looking cows :(, 
  mostly beer , but in a broader sence , anything with alcohol in it realy . 
   it 's not paramilitary because , in the grand scope of things , we 're really just sort of playing marines . 
  well , throwing money at people is not realy civilised , but degrading . 
  the same thing as with throwing small change to beggar 's , that 's terrible . 
   we 're not some paramilitary group  we learn about military ranks and wear uniforms and learn about military customs and do military drill ok ... 
  what comes to mind when reading your explanation are organisations like the hitlerjugend ( obviously without the nazi ideology ) . 
  you are being prepared for millitairy service . 
  was there any nationalistic indoctrination like singing the anthem/rasing a flag or pledging a oath to your country ? 
  or some religious indoctrination ? 
  it sounds realy creepy , scary even :(, 
  stripclubs are realy not such a thing here in the netherlands , closest to it , i think , are hookers working behind windows . 
  you can enter their room and pay for their services ( they will , before the sex , strip naked before you ) , but i gues you hand over the money/fee to them , not throw it to them though .
