  after a journey of around 25 minutes i arrive at enschede central and i leave the trainstation there and walk to the place i work . 
  there i greet some collegues and we talk a bit about the weather and such topics . 
  then i go to my workspot and work 8 hours . 
  i do n't do overtime , so when it 's time to go i say byebye to some collegues and walk back to the trainstation in enschede . 
  there i board the train to almelo , where i go to my car . 
  then i drive to a nearby supermarket to get the ingredients for my meal ( most of the time rice/pasta with vegetables , a sauce and meat ) . 
  i go home after that and prepare my meal , while i go trough the mail if the post brought any and listen to the news on the tv . 
  after i finish my meal , i will call people on the phone and do some laundry/cleaning while listening to music ( acid house , old bonzai , gabber ) . 
  after that i look to my emails and spend a few minutes to my coin hobby . 
  then it 's time to go to sleep . 
  i usually read for 1 hour and then i realy doze off into sleeping . 
  the next day i get up at around 06.00 again ... a usuall weekend i use for visiting friends and do things , like going to musea and bookstores ( i like realy old books/atlasses a lot ) or go on a date sometimes . 
  sunday i use to relax ( i am not religious , but i just need a day of rest before the workweek begins again ) . 
  also i use the sunday to phone with family . 
  my family all lives on the other side of the country , almost a 4 hour car drive from where i live :(, 
  it 's look like cheap pork meat for poor people :( bacon is nice , because it 's crispy , expensive meat parts are nice because they are tender : this looks neither . 
  a good integration leads to assimulation . 
   real success in integration they are no longer seen as immigrants but as part of the homecountry 's society . 
   groups of different cultures who do n't mix here they are keeping their own culture alive , they do n't become a part of society so : part of society ... not part of society : that looks a lot like opposites to me . 
   indigenous population is white and christian colour is no problem , religion is : he would have to become a secular person like most french are , no need to become a christian . 
   they will never be part of indigenous white and christian population why not ? 
  what has colour to do with it ? 
  it 's about culture , you can embrace a other culture , no problem . 
  that was my point !, 
  on the other hand , migrants could ditch their own culture and embrace the one from the majority , unfortunately that does n't happen too much :(, 
  ofcourse they are o_o, 
  enjoy the epic music !, 
  das boot is one of the best films ever made . 
   which cities in europe are real success in integration of immigrants and  to live in peace side by side those are two opposite , totaly different situations o_o which situation do you mean ? 
  in the first situation , immigrants have become part of the indiginous population . 
  in the second situation , you have groups of different cultures who do n't mix and live their seperate lives . 
  i 've been to vienna for a week : it 's a very civilised and utterly boring city . 
  not worth your time . 
  it had some nice places to visit , i enjoyed myself much . 
  oh yes , makes me think again of my ( long gone ) youth . 
  raketje was the best !, 
  i do n't like mexican food ( well , the us/european version of it ) , but i have never been to mexico , so i ca n't tell for sure . 
  but back to your question : when i first started to visit germany , in my twenties , i would communicate with the local inhabitants on a informal bases ( du ) , not knowing they did n't like that . 
  after a while i found out it was better to talk with them in a more formel way ( sie ) . 
  that was very ignorant of me :( and i felt a bit stupid when i found out . 
  all you mentioned already , exept the watermelon . 
  and people like to barbecue a lot when it 's sunny and warm , so i gues i have to add grilled meat to the list also ( sate , sausages , etc ) , together with some fresh cold salades . 
  munster !, 
  very beautiful and nice relaxed athmosphere , with lot 's of students and dutch people :d, 
  i think a right wing ( nationalistyic , conservative , religous ) american would have a even tougher time in the netherlands . 
  were not waiting for these kind of people , or americans in general even . 
  also , america will not be happy with some unhappy dutch with low workskills . 
  i do n't think it will work . 
  but those dynasties are not heredatory , they die out after a few generations . 
  you have to have a stable factor that has been in your history for centuaries , that is the the job of president itself . 
  that would give it stability . 
  not a family who have only had a few of those presidents of the past . 
  i 'm not sure if a king would be feasable in the us , but a president ( like the german one ) would . 
  a king is not so much of a choice : it 's something that came from history and you have to give it a place in modern society . 
  it is not something a modern country would choose for nowadays , if they could begin from scratch . 
  the us has already a presidentiial system , why not take away all his powers , it would leave a sistuation that is comparible with a constitutional monarchy , but is still historicaly accurate for your country . 
  continuaty in a different form , so to speak . 
   thing is , here in the states , our revolution essentially failed i 'm not so much knowledgebale about the history of the us , but what i heared about it is , that in first instance , your revolution against the motherland uk was a succes : you got to govern your own country . 
  but it had some flaws from the start : the us was not a democraty , it was run by the elite for the elite , it was still a plantation economy , the country was there as a cash machine for the elite planters with big plantations . 
  it stayed like this until today , rich planters replaced by hughe companies buying influence by sponsoring the governmental and presidential campaigns . 
   we actually had a war because of people 's right to own slaves i learned in school that your civil war was started because of a clash of two different capitalist systems : where the econimic model in the southern part ( plantation model ) wanted to seperate from the model in the north ( industrial model ) because they were afraid the northern model would be too competative . 
  when the civil war was going on , they used the `` slave must be free '' argument to give the war a righous cause . 
   and we do have a nobility , but there 's nothing `` noble '' about them there is now a wife of a former president trying to get president herself , a son and a father busch , that sounds like nobility to me :( i heared also that the us society is very hirarchical , with rich and poor who live all a very seperated life , that they do n't interact that much . 
  but without the restrains modern constitutional monarchy has . 
  for example , here in the netherlands , the king has almost no real power , he is just there as a symbol . 
  which is importent , because the netherlands is a very pluriform country : lot 's of different views on society . 
  we have a real democracy ( every vote counts , many political parties in parlement ) , but it is still important that we have 1 symbol where everybody can get behind . 
  for example : our national day is kingsday ( the birthday of the king ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d8rjuqvnng . 
  on that day the whole society comes together to be one and celebrate the kings birthday . 
  it is a unifying factor . 
  that is the most important roles of monarchy nowadays . 
   because we do n't have a king ( or any head of state ) the president does that role . 
  that 's why nobody believes him , i myself think that you have to separate the role of a president into a head of state and a first minister , like the german model : they have a president ( like a constitutional monarch ) for symbo ; ic purpouses . 
  and seperated from this , there is a first minister . 
  her powers are restricted : she ca n't decide to go to war ( the parliament does this ) , and her ministers have much more of a important role then the ministers in the us do . 
  maybe it 's time to make the us a more modern country , to create a more clear government with less power invested in a few persons/roles and write a new constitution to make the us a modern democracy , and not a two party state with elections sponsered by big companies and normal people are not cared for by the government . 
  de dietrich ? 
  never heared of it . 
  it 's not awsome . 
  it took a lot of effort , and the french revolution , to get rid of the rights and priviliges of the nobility . 
  in the netherlands , they never had a big in government ( we were a republic in the beginning ) , but on a local level they were sometimes very influential . 
  after the french revolution , napoleon went on to put his mark on europe and one of his actions was to invade the netherlands . 
  we first got his brother as a king ( lodewijk napoleon ) and it was he who abollished all the rights and privileges of the existing nobility . 
  i almelo , the duke was not able anymore to be judge or to get money from people who had to pay fines ( the same fines he gave to people as a judge ) . 
  but they kept their castles and property . 
  the duke of almelo is now a private citizen , living on his castle and living of the rent he gets from his 20 or so farms he owns . 
  i am very happy that in modern times , he has no real powers anymore , 
  the duke of almelo , the city i live in , lives in his castle in the center of the city : http://www.kasteleninnederland.nl/images/ovr_almelo_08_2003_rwy_002.jpg and http://www.almeloosweekblad.nl/files/2013/week37/park-en-voorplein1.jpg he has a zoo on the side of the castle with some deer , ducks and scottish highland cows . 
  realy nice to walk there , very relaxing . 
  that cat must have been a felix felis , 
  i thought that felix was latin for cat , but 'm not sure about this . 
  and here is a picture of my garden : http://imgur.com/banimqb in the front are some herbs , and when the flowers are not so flowery anymore , i will replace them with tomatoes and onions . 
  they are part of my collection of 17th and 18th century books . 
  i like history , and to get a sence of a period in time of how people thought and lived , it 's important to read what they would have read , to get a glimpse into their world , trying to understand their reasoning . 
  edit : because i like history and geography very much , most of these books have history/geography as a subject . 
   the most popular cat names include ... gizmo i guess that name comes from this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4poy8rwx73y, 
   a guinea ping nammed croquette http://www.ebovandenborwebshop.nl/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/3/0/30316_bourgondier.jpg, 
  what would you like to know ? 
  berlin , go to a local aldi for cheap beer . 
  eat some currywurst , just walk around and do touristy things .
