  in the netherlands , there are living a lot of different people , who all have their own thoughts of how to bury/cremate a family member . 
  there are basically two optoins : 1 ) you put somebody in a coffin and bury the body or 2 ) you put somebody in a coffin and burn the body ( cremation ) . 
  usualy a body in a coffin is put in a corpsecar and driven towards a cemetary/crematory while all the family and friends drive/walk behind it . 
  when the deceased was religious , they will drive to a religious site for a memorial service first . 
  after that , the body is burned/burried and everybody will go to a partycenter to have a cup of coffee/tea and a slice of cake to be together . 
  usually those gatherings are a place of laughter and happiness , where all family can chat and gossip , 
   since a lot of western european countries are experiencing a lot of islamic terrorism and murder here i stopped taking you seriously . 
  this song , it has the right message for all eu members : believe in the future !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg8wgzcwppk and ofcourse this song , that emphesizes that we should do it all together https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mhby2adcqqo this song celebrates the open and free society the eu wants to be https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a0wyqglz8ca ( sorry for the very old music , i am getting old and start to live in the past o_o, 
  there is , but i keep that private if you do n't mind :(, 
  get fully naked in public transport , like trains or busses o_o, 
  just a change of words , the poison stays the same :(, 
  ofcourse , all humans love to swear . 
  it is a basic emotion/instint that we all share around the world . 
  here is a interresting article about it http://www.bbc.com/future/story/20160303-the-surprising-benefits-of-swearing however , in the netherlands we tend to swear with disease related swear words https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_profanity, 
  patriotism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country without any superiority feelings . 
  nationalism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country with superiority feelings . 
  nationalism is poison o_o it removes rational thinking and let 's your feelings take over . 
  it is combined with a superiority complex : your village , province , country is better then the village , province , country next to you . 
  it gives you the feeling of supriorety with irational behaviour and pride . 
  a very dangerous combination . 
  that is why i am disgusted by nationalism . 
  with me many dutch hate it , and that is the reason why i am not afraid that nationalists will take over our political system . 
  the main weapons against this evil are good free public education ( rational critical thinking ) , work opportunaty so people can feel wanted in society , a good healtcare system , a free/open society , vacation money for the jobless so they can visit other countries , public libraries . 
  we have all of these in the netherlands . 
  let 's try to keep it , as a way to contain nationalism . 
  with one of my colleagues . 
  she is realy nice but sometimes she is a bit moody and i try to avoid her :(, 
  it has , to rule over agreements made by the countries that are members of the eu . 
  laws that impose a natural born citizen requirement from it 's head of state are a national issue , and as such are not under the juridiction of eu courts . 
  like i stated before , i think you are confusing the eu ( a supranational entity ) with the usa ( a independant country ) http://www.investopedia.com/terms/s/supranational.asp, 
  i am going to gues that the question is linked to the current usa situation , where it 's head of state , a president called obama , has a bit of a controversy . 
  some extreme right wing americans are protesting the fact that he was born outside of the usa . 
  they have a `` supreme court '' that can outrule any law . 
  op made a post of it yesterday at r/asklaw ( would have been nice if he mentioned that in his/her opening statement here though ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/asklaw/comments/4yrhvq/would_the_naturalborn_citizen_requirement_for_the/ i think that is where op makes a error , in thinking the eu is a independant entity , just as the usa is . 
  the eu is not a independant entity on itself , it gets it 's power from the countries that work together in it . 
  the countries in the eu are independant and make their own laws and rules . 
  if a country would decide to impose a natural-born citizen rule for it 's head of state , it 's their own law ( see also the reply of u/creepyoctopus ) basically , it comes down to this , op made a grave error : the us is not the eu !, 
  the usa is a country , the eu is a club of independant countries , working together . 
  lol :d you are completely right , it would be a hughe succes . 
  this song is even better , but beware , the dancing of his girlfriend is very nsfw ( but not the way you would think/hope for ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxijcfvds0e but there is more ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsuhfmdmljs https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z6kt5oonfxg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjf1hsb-pui and also a song in english https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9kzozprv5rs, 
  terrible !, 
  lenny kuhr - de troubadour ( 1969 ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ue5ypcxoe48, 
  patriotism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country without any superiority feelings . 
  nationalism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country with superiority feelings . 
  nationalism is poison o_o it removes rational thinking and let 's your feelings take over . 
  it is combined with a superiority complex : your village , province , country is better then the village , province , country next to you . 
  it gives you the feeling of supriorety with irational behaviour and pride . 
  a very dangerous combination . 
  that is why i am disgusted by nationalism . 
  with me many dutch hate it , and that is the reason why i am not afraid that nationalists will take over our political system . 
  the main weapons against this evil are good free public education ( rational critical thinking ) , work opportunaty so people can feel wanted in society , a good healtcare system , a free/open society , vacation money for the jobless so they can visit other countries , public libraries . 
  we have all of these in the netherlands . 
  let 's try to keep it , as a way to contain nationalism . 
  do n't worry , it 's downvoted by those turkish decendants that came to western europe as guestworkers from backward eastern turkey . 
  even after generations living in western europe , they failed to integrate into those societies and are seen in their own country , as well as in turkey , as foreigners . 
  they are mostly very nationalistic , and when something is written about turkey they do n't like , they just mindlessly start downvoting it . 
  even more grose :(, 
  we will defenately try out the fish and chips there , so i will ask for the fried mars bar too . 
  thanks for the r/edinburgh sugestion though !, 
   but seriously - ask spaniards , bulgarians , romanians , etc. 
  - how they lived in muslim times those are not around anymore . 
  all dead !, 
  but it is . 
  it is just mentioned in a sentence or two , then whole pages are devoted to the eu . 
  it is very underrated , the step of comming/working together as equals was a momentous occassion , unprecendented in european history . 
  it should be celebrated with it 's own holliday , and big parties every year . 
  but it is n't . 
  many people even never heared of the ecsc :( let 's all dream together of a war free europe !, 
  this song is for you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlb7eyzmtes, 
  it 's sad , like all nationalistic movements :( i hate nationalism , it caused so much pain and suffering in this world . 
   were you okay with initially disliking germans , or yes , i was ok with that . 
  i did n't know any germans and the society in which i was living favoured these stereotypes , even going as far as confirming them . 
  they were only shattered after first contact with actual germans . 
   did you wish for better relations not realy . 
  because of my stereotypical view on germans , i was a bit afraid of them , never made contact . 
   i 'm glad they were shattered !, 
  it 's good in my opinion yes , but stereotypes can also work the other way around . 
  i always asumed that north italians where europeans just like me or other north european people . 
  then i visited north of italy , but found out that they are realy different . 
  the area felt very strange and alien to me , already mediteranian . 
  not as the europe i know and like . 
  in this case my stereotypes where shattered , but now the other way around o_o, 
  countries are entities , and as such have no feelings . 
  people always have stereootypes about other people , it 's how humans work . 
  but as long as you are aware that the things you suppose about a other person before knowing him/her are stereotypes , it 's ok . you can have a reality check when you are in a other country and have some impressions of your own that are factual , not from hearsaying . 
  for example : i was born and raised in a small village on the border with belgium , never visited germany before . 
  i was always told that germans where these terrible monsterous people who where only trying to steel your bike and be rude all the time.then i moved to almelo ( the city in the netherlands i live in ) , located near the border with germany . 
  i visited germany many times now , and i have found out that individual germans are mostly very nice people . 
  they are no monsters and do n't want to steel your bike !, 
  all my stereotypes where shattered o_o, 
  the european coal en steel community . 
  it had as a founding dream : never war between european countries again . 
  it has implications that are felt untill this day and has changed europe in a way never seen before , and will in the future . 
   as ` liberal ' in turkish standarts are in the western part of turkey . 
  that is whgat i meant with what i said about the split into a eastern and western part . 
   these are the cities in which some westerner can live without having so much problem very sad that you can name the places in a country where western people can live without problems :( there is something very wrong with that . 
  no , but heared it is a beautiful city . 
  it is also just one of a very few places where turkish people are modern and western , i heared . 
  but that erdogan is busy changing this , trying to make turkey a islamic country again .
