  o7 it 's called democracy , the most american thing possible !, 
  when i was young ( a long time ago ) , i had a cat named felix ( named after the food he ate : https://39f2341fe05219fc7796-9d4075520fcd166b244a81daf7fa7eac.ssl.cf3.rackcdn.com/12161048_det0.jpg ) . 
  he was part of the family , i loved him very much . 
  i still have a picture of him in my library-room http://imgur.com/lb7by9f, 
  personaly , not at all . 
  i think the us is a different country then the netherlands with different values and morals . 
  in general , i also do n't think dutch people think poorly of the us . 
  but i 'm not so shure about this , because the us itself is not realy a topic that comes up in conversations . 
  it is more what the us does in other countries that i heared people about . 
  i work on a school and unfortunately i must say that the amount of `` talking about the us '' depends heavily on the believes of the students . 
  on our school , a tiny minority is muslim , but they seems to be the studends that are by far the most preoccupied with the us ( in a bad way ) . 
  the vast majority of our students , wich are non believers ( like the majority of dutch society itself ) i almost never hear talking about the us . 
  it is a very sharp contrast on my school : - muslim students ( a very tiny minority in school ) : lot 's of bad talk about what the us does to mainly muslim countries . 
  - non believing dutch students ( a very large majority in school ) : almost never talking about the us . 
  there is also a bit of a generation gap : older people who grew up during the cold war tends to have a more favarouble view of the us , while youth who grew up after the cold war sees the us more as a non isue , more like a country as all others , with it 's flaws and good things , just like any other country . 
  they do n't see the us anymore ( as the older generation does ) as the country that is going to defend them against the communists . 
  i live in the center of a city ( almelo , the netherlands ) . 
  it means that my garden is not realy big . 
  but i have a patch of garden 2 by 2 meters , solely for growing herbs and some vegetables : tomatoes , onions , and some herbs . 
  i have to get my garden ready for a new season soon . 
  it 's so awsome to make pastasauce with all the ingredients comming from your own garden :d, 
  for me , it was the other way around . 
  i never noticed that we had a fast connection here in the netherlands , until i , at one time , wanted to use the internet on vacation . 
  then i realised that we had realy fast internet connections . 
  we have here different speeds for different prices , and once i had scaled my subscription up to the highest level , but the speed of internet was just to much ( also the money i had to pay for it ) . 
  so now i have a more decent level of speed ( with a coax cable ) . 
  the city i live in , almelo , has also been fully connected with glassfiber ( i heared the speeds on that cable are even way higher then coax , 500 mb/s https://www.caiway.nl/site/nl/waaromglasvezel ) , but the costs are also higher :( maybe i will take that subscription in a few months from now . 
  again i have to repeat myself : there was a election to settle to question about independance : there was a majority of the scottish inhabitants ( over 50 % ) for staying in the uk . 
  that means that , until there would be a new election , scotland will not be independant and will vote with the uk for the eu question . 
  when people in a election vote for staying in the uk , that will be the result . 
  it does n't matter if the outcome was 98 % or 53 % , a majority is a majority . 
  are you this dumb ? 
  or still a troll ? 
  do you know how elections work ? 
  if a majority ( over 50 % ) choose to remain with the uk , then that 's the decision of the whole of the scottish inhabitants . 
  now they are just a area of the uk , not a indepandent country . 
  they vote about the eu question , as a part of the uk . 
  it 's called democracy . 
  are you trolling or are you not very smart/didn ' t go to school ? 
  no , they clearly have choosen to be a part of the uk . 
  did n't you heared about this on the news ? 
  so , as part of the uk , they will also take part in the election comming up to decide if they want to stay in the eu or leave . 
  it 's a nationwide election in the uk , not a provincial one . 
  the fact that they had to make this law is very shamefull , iot implies that the government ca n't take care of it 's own poor and ca n't feed them properly . 
  buying a house in the netherlands : http://www.expatica.com/nl/housing/buying-a-house-in-the-netherlands_100633.html, 
  i have read a lot of books , but never from the authers you mentioned . 
  the names i have heared before but never heared from anybody else that they have read books from them . 
  i ques that , dispite many books are translated into different languages all the world around , still people tend to read books from authers they can relate to with stories that are some what familiar . 
  they mainly will read national authers . 
  i think , the same aplies for the us , just as any other country realy . 
  it 's still germanic . 
  and i also clearly stated that iceland would be a choice , only because we had to choose a non eu country . 
  ofcourse iceland would be way down my list of countries i had to go to , but i ques it 's better then zimbabwe or such a country like that . 
  why a non eu country ? 
  this distinction between non eu and eu countries feels so artificial to me . 
  if i had to choose to live in a other country ( non eu ) it would be : culture : north west europe , so non eu would be norway . 
  language : a germanic language , easier to learn , so non eu would be iceland , norway or pehaps in the future uk . 
  economy : i would like to have a good work-life balance with a job envirement that is friendly towards me as a employee ( so no `` slave/master '' work envirements like in the us or britain , so non eu countries would be iceland , norway . 
  immigrants : we will have a labor shortage in like 10 years from now ( aging population ) , so i ques people who have the skills to do the work in the dutch economy . 
  but other countries around the netherlands face the same problem , so it will not be easy to get the richt skilled immigrants towards the netherlands . 
  i quess overal i would go for norway or iceland . 
  but ofcourse that is because i was forced to choose a non eu country o_o, 
  here in the netherlands . 
  you get your taxform already completely filled in , the tax office has access to all government systems , so they have all relevant information . 
  you just have to check if the information on it is ok or not . 
  if you agree with it you send it back . 
  i think you do n't know the problem in the mediterenian area and the refugees involved . 
  there are two large different groups trying to enter the eu : 1 : the group of syrians that got displaced because of the civil war in syria and a lot of afghans and other asian non-syrians , trying to enter europe under false pretent ( that they are syrians ) . 
  syrians are taken in , the other ( economic ) refugees are now blocked . 
  2 : africans from below the sahara trying to get to europe . 
  these are 100 % economic refugees and are unwanted in europe . 
  they come in boats and are on the news regurarly when they die at sea trying to reach the shores of europe and dissapear in illigality . 
  for group number one the mediterranean union has failed , because it did n't solve the war in syria . 
  for group number two , the mediterranean union is a non issue , because these economic migrants come from countries that are on the pther side of the sahara . 
  these countries stay poor , are not helped by the mediterranean union , and so keep generating economic migrants :( the mediterranean union is a cooperation framework that has acomplished nothing , or is not able to solve the problems that are facing the mediterenean countries today . 
  it is better to forget this cooperation platform exists :(, 
  that 's why i was so surprised !, 
  i watch the news everyday and read articles in newspapers as well as on the internet . 
  but i never encountered the `` mediterranean union '' before . 
  what countries are joined together in this union , what is their common goal ? 
  never heared of this `` mediterranean union '' o_o, 
  in the netherlands , you are free to choose three books to read for a grade that is part of your examn . 
  the only criteria is , that the books must be written by dutch authers and that it has a certain level of difficulty . 
  schools and teachers are very afraid to force certain books to pupils . 
  they are afraid that it will put them off reading forever :(, 
  oh , i 'm so happy to live in this bastion of humanity !, 
  i do n't have to work and still i live in a big house full of luxury . 
  the city i live in is so peacefull , there is almost no crime . 
  europe is almost heaven !, 
  i 'm so happy that europe is sharing it 's values and wealth with all the world , everybody is welcome here . 
  o7 thanks usa , for paying for our defense . 
  without your efforts we could n't live in this european utopia . 
   it would be like like someone asking about french-language courses and not considering france . 
  that 's why i thought you suggested that the uk would be the only good choice for op . 
  what you did there was bordering to mindless nationalism : you speak english , uk is the only place for you ... that 's considered to be disgusting by other eu citizens :(, 
  you clearly do n't venture much outside of the uk . 
  many studies on universities in the eu are in english , so for language reasons it 's not nessesary to go to a uk university . 
  i 'm sure that if the uk voted to leave the eu , there will be some arangement for people to travel and stay in the uk . 
  but it 's not clear what that arangement will be . 
  that 's the same reasoning big companies use for voting against leaving : the uncertainty of future arangements .
