  society seems very hierarchical , poor and rich do n't mix much , seems to avoid interaction with eachother . 
  the infrastructure overall seems in a poor state , people tell me there are things that are called `` putholes '' in the roads and that you have to avoid them to keep your car from damaging . 
  also there seems to be not much maintenance done on roads , structures and grids . 
  the eastcoast seems a lot more developed and more `` like the netherlands '' then other parts of the us . 
  people who visited the us tell me that the eastcoast feels like a normal developed first world area . 
  some made a autotour acros the us and what they thought was in sharp contrast was the area more inland from the eastcoast , they said it was like time had stood still there , like it was still the ' 60 's and 70 's :( the westcoast they felt was more urban but not like the netherlands , more spread out , it was missing real urban centers . 
  they said it felt like a lot of villages where grown together . 
  across the country it seems that there is not much variation in the style of buildings , it all looked alike . 
  they thought that the people in the us were much different from those in the netherlands . 
  they were very easy to aproach and always were friendly . 
  but they said also that it felt a bit `` fake '' , that the people had a `` plastic smile '' . 
  they were surprised that nobody was grumpy or in a bad mood . 
  what also came up in conversations when friends and family were telling me about there visits to the us , was that they were very surprised that there was so little difference between the people . 
  they told me that they could understand everyone in the whole of the country . 
  all the same restaurants , shops , tv channels , language , money , roads , they felt that there was one overall culture everywhere . 
  not much regional difference . 
  that the landscape and temperature differences were much more telling of where they were then they could tell from interaction with people . 
  in the netherlands , it is the other way around . 
  the overall feel of the us was that is was not much like the netherlands : much more extreme , very rich and very poor people , very hierarchical society . 
  while here in the netherlands we do n't have these extreme differences in society that much . 
  also it felt more disorganised , more `` you have to do it yourself '' then what we are used to in the netherlands . 
  also society seems to be divided into the eastcoast , that feels like a proper developed area and the rest of the us , wich feels to be lacking behind . 
  the landscape and climate is varied in the us but the culture and the people are surprisingly homogenous , very much alike . 
  not what you would expect from a country of around 350 million people . 
  it 's portugal , so no o_o, 
  no , nobody is . 
  it will be big news when a ( terrorist ) attack takes place and people are killed , but then people realise very quickly , how horrible this may sound , that there were only a few death people on a population of 17 million dutch . 
  that is such a small amount , that the chance of being killed or hurt by terrorism is almost zero . 
  people in the netherlands are much more worried about traffic accidents or ilnesses that could hurt them , like heartproblems or cancer . 
   timezones exist in europe they excist on the continent of europe , but have no meaning in people 's everyday lives , because their country almost all have only 1 timezone . 
  not like , for instance . 
  the country of us with many timezone 's , where timezone 's do have a everyday implication . 
  it 's not a attitude when i say `` please look at a map of europe and look at the correlation between countries and timezones '' , what i try to say is just that there is a difference in how people on the continent of europe look towards life and how they percieve their surroundings , how they face the world and function in it , compared to `` big countries '' . 
  one of those things are timezone 's . 
  you can learn a lot of how people on the european continent live and think by looking at the geography and the borders that are in place on the european continent . 
  i gave you the advice to look at those things and then try to imagine how it would be to live and work there , and it was meant just like that , as a advice . 
  not as a insult or anything like that . 
  please stop being a `` hurtfull '' person and do some investigation first before you give a reply/ask a question . 
  then the answers given will have so much more meaning to you . 
  again , i am serious and mean this with good intent - understanding the world around you begins with a atlas !, 
  europe is not a country , it 's a continent with many different countries . 
  almost all of these countries have only one timezone , so why would they use acronyms ? 
  before asking questions like this , please look at a map of europe and look at the correlation between countries and timezones . 
  almost every country has it 's own nature reserves . 
  just visit a country and enter such reserve and enjoy of the nature :d, 
  guns are forbidden in the netherlands , unless you are a hunter or a sportshooter , but even then there are very strict laws and it 's very difficult to get a permit to own a gun . 
  dutch people do n't like guns , and are happy that they are banned out of society !, 
  for dutch recipies you can go to this website : the dutch table http://www.thedutchtable.com/, 
  then just buy it where ever it 's sold . 
  although sigars are availeble everywhere , be warned , that sigar smoking is on a steep decline in most countries of the eu . 
  not every tobaccoshop will sell them . 
  the basic price will be around the same everywhere i think . 
  the lowest price will be in luxemburg , they have a low tax on smoke related items , alcohol and fuel . 
  but i do n't think the price difference will be enough to take a detour to luxemburg . 
  the frisians are marginilised people in their own tribal lands , and they are defenately the frisians . 
  in fact , they are proud of it and boost about it to everyone who wants to hear that they are a seperate people and that they want to be independant in their own tribal lands where they can embrace and live their own unique culture and language , that they claim for ancesteral reasons . 
  they claim that they are a old proud people that was here before the dutch were . 
  sounds a lot like the indians of the us to me o_o, 
  so that 's both times a two party system , as a exeption on a 1 party rule . 
  try to go to university in the us first , higher education means you have more chances on the job market in almost any country in the developed world . 
  also , learn your language when try to settle down somewhere . 
  i like the judge dee books ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/judge_dee ) from robert van gulik ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_van_gulik ) very much . 
  these stories let you relive the china of 600-900 . 
  i never found any other books that does that so well as the judge dee books ( rechter tie in dutch ) . 
  they are as close as possible to a mind-time-travel-machine . 
  all the judge dee stories have been reprinted recently here in the netherlands , although i liked the artwork of the older versions much more ( they had beautiful chinese woman on the cover  http://www.rechtertie.nl/rechter_tie/series/serie.jsp?nummer=7, 
  drug use in the netherlands is low compared to other countries in the eu . 
  please do n't make stupid remarks and try to stay on topic . 
   when visiting the u.k the uk is n't the entirety of the eu , it 's just one of the many member countries . 
  you ca n't just extrapolate one situation onto a whole bunch of different countries o_o, 
   saint pierre et miquelon the only part of north america where they use the euro !, 
  a dutch travelshow about saint pierre et miquelon : ( warning dutch language : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hgdjkp5e1xe and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o1q-n-rzoje ), 
  the current border patrols are supposed to be for a short time , untill the migrant problem has been handled . 
  then the openborder situation will be in place again . 
  why would you think participating countries would like to end schengen ? 
  they are not located in europe . 
  that 's odd . 
  is it not possible to make a manx note that would be accepted in the rest of the uk pound area ? 
  like the euro : same front of the coins , but different backsides . 
  when have more then two parties governed in the uk ? 
   how utterly tragic your political system is says one two party system to the other o_o, 
  ok , thanks . 
  lol , yeah that 's me :d, 
  do you live on a former island or in zeeuws-vlaanderen ? 
  i know you have your own coinage on the island , 
  in all of the netherlands , there no such thing as no mans land . 
  i once drove for 15 minutes without encountering anybody , and i became very horrified : i thought something was wrong and was afraid something happened to the world o_o i was so happy to see a person walking on the sideways after 15 minutes !, 
  i heared magaluf is nice in august , 
  remember that in the eu in general ( exept maybe the uk ) there is a multi party system in place : in the us there are two parties , and people are refering themselves to one of those two . 
  here in the netherlands we have more then 10 parties , so there is a niche for every one , how strange your ideas may be . 
  so it 's not that strange that you are catagorised into different left-right divisions . 
  also , every country in the eu has it 's own party structure , comming from a history of thousands of years culminating into the present day situation , every country has it 's unique political envirement , sometimes difficult to compare with a other country ( try to compare the political parties in the us to the uk , very difficult , if not impossible altogether although they both have a 2 party structure ) . 
  i would classify you , in the netherlands as a liberal vvd person : you are clearly not a religious fanatic , but wants to keep society as it is , so no leftist ideas of everyone is equal also . 
  gays should have the same rights as other persons . 
  this all sounds right from center to me , so liberal is the most apropriate for you . 
  you sound a bit as a 50 + years old grumpy grandpa , 
  that 's a small contested area . 
  not azerbijan itself , it 's people , culture or it 's relation with the eu . 
  tldr : no . 
  i bet you do n't want to live in a banlieue yourself o_o and that 's because it are poor , crime ridden ghetto 's , full of north africans and other people of former colonial parts of the french empire who never have embrased french society and have created their own shadow society that makes them totally unfit for a live in the french society .
