  is this a sort of a taboo among scotish people ? 
   called bundesl\u00e4nder yes , a bit like the uk homecountries . 
  that 's different then just country . 
  homecountry hints to a subdivisional system , just like province or state does . 
  calling your subdivisions of your country a country is just weirdly stupid at best . 
   i 'm not a us citizen , look at the flair . 
  you could be hiding behind a flair , creating a different identity to hide the fact that you are a us citizen . 
  your ideas would hint to this though . 
   well the subdivisions of the uk are called countries so you ran out of arguments . 
  i hope you can change and call your subdivisions states or provinces from now on . 
   both of them have equal status within this kingdom provinces usually do have equal status . 
  just what you said , two countries formes a new country . 
  that makes the territories within that one new country subdivisions of that new countriy . 
  that is n't so hard to comprehend , is it ? 
   they are so different that they ca n't ever be called just provinces of the uk so provinces in other countries are all homogenous , but the uk is so different ? 
  you sound just like those crazy americans on r/shitamericanssay they also claim their states are all so big and different , they are all just like independent countries o_o seriously : are you realy a us citizen ? 
  i ask this because your qwerky ideas are almost identical to those of these crazy americans on r/shitamericanssay . 
  why not , he would agree with me the uk is a country . 
  on the other hand , i have never heared a english object when i called one of the subdivisions of the uk a province , only scotish people seems to mind . 
  why is this ? 
  are scotish people on average more nationalistic ? 
  are they still living in times long gone and have n't adapt to new times ? 
  it is very odd only scotish people are having these nationalistic views . 
  i try to find out why , but as soon as i ask this specific question , it 's getting avoided . 
  almost like it is a taboo of some sorts o_o why is this ? 
   i ca n't take you seriously any more let me quote myself `` i ca n't take you seriously any more '' . 
  why ? 
  please read my previous reply for more information . 
   why are only inhabitants of scotland calling their province a country ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this about their provinces o_o you still did n't answer the question : why are only inhabitants of scotland calling their province a country ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this about their provinces o_o, 
   why are only inhabitants of scotland calling their province a country ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this about their provinces o_o   maybe the scotish are the only qwerkies in the uk ? 
  when people are out of arguments , they try to make the other ridiculous with non arguments , supported with insults , trying to divert from the subject . 
  you are doing this right now . 
  to stay on topic , please answer this question : why are only inhabitants of scotland calling their province a country ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this about their provinces o_o, 
  i ca n't take you seriously any more : `` scotland gave up its independence , so did england '' and then proceeding with : `` really a country of countries '' . 
  you are not rational anymore . 
  you are bonkers or a nationalist o_o, 
   scotland is a country , that is simply a fact probably among scotish nationalists , but it is not for rational people . 
  why are only inhabitants of scotland calling their province a country ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this about their provinces o_o maybe the scotish are the only qwerkies in the uk ? 
   literally a country it is not , it is a subdivision of a country o_o you can call that a state ( like in the us situation ) or a province ( like in the dutch situation ) , but calling that a country also is nationalistic or stupid . 
  why are only inhabitants of scotland this qwerky ? 
  i never hear a inhabitant of northern-ireland or wales or england claiming this o_o, 
  i agree , it would be very strange to think it is a city , but i could imagine it happen . 
  thinking it is a province would be right , because in the dutch analogy , it is like a province . 
  if you would tell me the name of a japanese province , and tell me it is a city , i might maybe believe that too . 
  although i agree that having a basic understanding of the country you are visiting should be basic knowledge . 
  scotland was never a colony . 
  it gave up it 's independance , and was incorpurated into the uk . 
  that never happened with our former islands . 
  our provinces however , are much more like scotland : they were never fully independant , but had great aotonomy , and gave that up to join together to form the proto-dutch country of the republic untied provinces . 
  we call these entities here in the netherlands provinces , not countries o_o a better example for the analigy with the dutch carrebean islands would be the uk territories like gibraltar , british virgin islands , etc. 
  in the dutch situation , they would be called a dependent state . 
  scotland would be called a province . 
  calling scotlandland a country is totally bonkers . 
  the uk is a country . 
  calling it 's subdivision scotland a country is blind nationalism or stupidity of the highest ( or lowest , depends on how you look at it ) order . 
  i think it is a qwerky thing of the uk people to call subdivisions of their country a country . 
  it gives me this `` we never lost the empire '' feeling . 
  that you ca n't let go the idea that once scotland was a independant country , but now it is demoted to a subdivision . 
  you still have not accepted that , even after almost 400 years . 
  i called that nationalism . 
  i do n't call it totally bonkers and coocoo , i call it qwerky . 
  again , qwerky , not bonkers , wacky and coocoo , let me stress that out clearly to you . 
  totally not bonkers !, 
  it is a subdivision of the uk , in the netherlands we call that a province . 
  should have said `` subdivision '' , that would be better . 
  a country is a independent entity , scotland is not yet there . 
  just wait for a year or two , then , maybe , you could call it a country : / are you a nationalist btw ( because of your outrageous country claim ) ? 
  ricetable !, 
  it 's a dish many people think it 's just rice with a few sauces and meat/vegatables/egg sidedishes . 
  but it 's so much more , it 's a food orgy in your mouth o_o https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel http://restaurantbali.com/wp-content/uploads/rijsttafell.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pymhvybu3yq, 
   thinking scotland was a city in england to be honest , i also do n't know all the different provinces of other countries . 
  i could imagine that a foreigner would not know what scotland was o_o, 
  house music/dance is standard . 
  there are special clubs for people who like other sort of music , but you have to find out first where to go to avoid the house music/dance ( which would be a shame because it is nice music ) . 
  all of the stereotypes , because they are stereotypes . 
  all sentences that start with `` all dutch are ... '' are untrue and false . 
  period o_o exept for `` all dutch are dutch '' maybe ... 
  r/shitamericanssay o_o the worst of what the usa has to offer , on one subreddit . 
  a terrible sub but it gives some insight into the mindset of certain layer of usa society . 
  the blatant nationalism , fear of anything outside of the usa , religious fanatism and the lack of education and knowledge is just mindblowing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjnzo5zgwe8 i came into contact with this side of usa society only after i visited reddit . 
  these people keep under the dutch radar , because they are not covered in the news and newspapers/articles here that often . 
  after that , i found out that the tv-show `` cops '' is also a interresting view into the lives of these people . 
  forget the action , just view it as a human interrest programme . 
  it is like a sort of `` human safari '' . 
  what was most striking was the neglact these people got from their own government :(, 
  here in the netherlands , nowadays british english is the standard , but usa english is tollerated . 
  as long as you do n't mix them up , they are both ok . 
  but teachers are just horrified by the usa english spelling of words ( source is teachers lounge , i work on a school ) , like flavour ( flavor ) and colour ( color ) . 
  it is seen by them as a unwanted variation of the english language ( degeneration ) . 
  munster in germany . 
  a small university town that has a beautiful small innercity and great walking lanes where the citywall used to be . 
  a great mix of students and tourists and friendly germans . 
  many places where you can sit down and relax and enjoy a glass of beer and some good food . 
  great for a day away and relax . 
  https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/munster-een-stad-van-fietsen-55325062.jpg http://www.stadt-muenster.de/english/welcome-to-muenster.html they have also a beautiful christmas market in wintertime http://www.kerstmarkt-duitsland.com/munster https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csbwlq6ipeg,
