  i think there is some misunderstanding here : when i saw the header of your post , i immediately thought about those old crafts from long ago . 
  but when i see your replies to some posts , i think that you mean also modern crafts like welding or cooking or cableconnecters . 
  i think what you wanted to know is the signature industry of each country in europe . 
  for the netherlands it will be agriculture , we are the second biggest agriculture exporter in the world , after the us , but in front of germany and france . 
  agriculture here is done on a industrial scale : https://www.government.nl/latest/news/2015/01/16/dutch-agricultural-exports-top-80-billion-euros, 
   it 's also funded by the oil tax what do you think governmental subsidies are ? 
  they are tax money re-distributed by the government o_o  the more people use cars , the more available the public transports are . 
  which is stupid i think . 
  if a government would have no other means to tax then car owners , then yes : the more people use cars , the more available the public transports are . 
  but if a government has also other taxeble possibilities , then public transport can be funded by other taxmoney altogether . 
  public transportation costs a lot of money , normaly funded by ticket sales and governmental subsidies . 
  it all comes down to one question : do all citizens want to pay more taxes to make this possible , even if they never use public transportation themselves ? 
  - if the answer is yes , then it can become a reality . 
  - if the answer is no , then it will not happen . 
  it is very simple realy o_o, 
  oh , let me be clear , belgians are terrible drivers too , but luxemburg driving is bad on a whole new level o_o, 
  no , more netherlands with more social differentiation and mountains/hills/bumps / anything more then pancake . 
  holland , not netherlands !, 
  learn to read properly . 
  believe me , belgian drivers are soooo much better compared to luxemburg ones o_o, 
  the netherlands is a very modern country , where there is almost no place for old crafts ( looked at from a economical point of view ) . 
  old means almost all of the time outdated , and nobody wants to pay money for outdated services . 
  north western europe is a modern and technological developed area , maybe even more so then other parts of the world . 
  the only reason for keeping some outdated crafts alive is for sentimental reasons , often performed by old people with not many years ahead in their lives . 
  when they die out ( as a generation ) so do their crafts . 
  they have their own flag , their blue is brighter then our blue : http://www.crossed-flag-pins.com/friendship-pins/luxembourg/flag-pins-luxembourg-netherlands.jpg, 
  i 've been several times to luxemburg . 
  i went there with the concived notion that it was not realy a country , just a fluke of history that they never were integrated into germany and france . 
  i remember the first time when we went to luxemburg , it began when we where just past liege ( belgium ) . 
  we just had our `` walonia-shock '' ( houses who had still the black sooth on it from the industrial revolution , very poor , holes in the roads which you had to avoid to not damage your car ! , basicaly almost a third world area in western europe o_o ) when we were almost hit and pushed of the road by a other car . 
  that car was the first with luxemburg plates on it that we encountered , many more would follow soon as we came ever colser to luxemburg . 
  also the driving capabilities would get worserwhen we entered luxemburg : they are terrible drivers indeed . 
  the only positive thing over there was , that as soon as you were just looking at a zebra crossing , they already get in `` full break mode '' . 
  we visited the north of the country ( clervaux , vianden ) and also luxemburg city that first time . 
  my first impressions were : how can people live in such mountaness areas ? 
  are they not going to be sick of heights all the time ? 
  ( i was young , had n't seen mountains/hills before ) . 
  what was very clear was the difference between luxemburg countryside and city , almost two different worlds : on the countryside and villages , people were living just as they do in the netherlands and belgium , but luxemburg city is a very rich and mudain place . 
  the contrast between those two was very visible , much more so then in the netherlands , where countryside and city form one area . 
  what i also heared when i talked with locals was that there was a big tragedy playing out in luxemburg : because of all the big financial institutions that are based in luxemburg city , the housingprices and the costs of land has skyrocketed . 
  what where once poor farmers have become millionaires because they sold there land for building houses on it that are sold for very high prices to big earners in the financial sector . 
  the average luxemburger ca n't afford to live in his own country more and more , so many of them had to move across the border into france and germany . 
  after a few visits to the country and a lot of conversations withthe people there i came to the conclusion that it was a real country with people who are neither german , french , belgian or dutch . 
  it 's a country with sharp contrasts between provincial and wordly . 
  middle class and very rich , more so then in neighbouring countries . 
  but it is also very beautifull , dotted with castles and mountains . 
  so very un-dutch , but when you talk with the people , you find out that they are yet so simular . 
  and that was also interresting , we could understand eatother , i found out that if i was talking dutch with some german mixed into that , they could understand what i was saying , and also i could understand the letzeburg language if they spoke slowly , that was nice , 
  that sounds acurate and nice . 
  thanks , 
  there is nothing poetic about the netherlands :(, 
  happy cake day !, 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d6/laika_strawberry_cake_ ( cropped ) . jpg, 
   i have no problem with `` the 1 % '' ) . 
  the real problem that needs to be addressed here is crony capitalism you underestand they are the same ? 
  as i read your reply , i came to the conclusion that we have a completely different worldview . 
  that is a realy broad question you ask . 
  war has been a part of all countries/areas/cities / tribes/clans on the continent of europe throughout the ages . 
  there has been almost no generation living on this continent who were not directly/indirectly involved/influenced by warfare . 
  war is a way to make sure you have power over a other entity . 
  but it is not a stand alone event , it is part of a proces . 
  when you read a historybook , it usually begins with problems between factions , after that people will try to solve those problems with negosiations , only when those fail , war becomes a ( serious ) option . 
  war is a solution when all other means of problemsolving have failed : it is expensive , it disrupts trade and normal life , it ruins farmers ( who then ca n't pay taxes anymore for a while ) . 
  war is basically a last resort . 
  when you think of war on a european wide level , you have to think of series of wars fought for a cause that was important for many different peoples , religion comes to mind , like the 30 years war : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war but remember , these wars were always fought by many factions who had their own goals , not 2 different united factions . 
  even in wwi and wwii you see that different countries have different goals , and that the only thing that makes them fight on the same side is the opponent ( the enemy of our enemy is our friend ) . 
  so even `` european continental wars '' will play different roles in countries in europe . 
  every country will have it 's own perspective on a war , and give it it 's own unique place in it 's own history . 
  also the outcome and aftermath of a war will be different for each country involved . 
  so on a national level there will be wars remembered , and some wars will be remembered in a bunch of different countries , but they all will be having their own thoughts and feelings about it . 
  when you are learning about european wide history here in the netherlands , you will learn about many conflicts and the wars they leads to . 
  but they only remain dates and places . 
  only when you learn about wars in the netherlands itself , it becomes a bit more lively , because the places mentioned will be somethimes familiar to you . 
   do kids in the netherlands have to learn about the rise and spread of the dutch empire and learn all the colonies ? 
  that 's a realy country specific question o_o yes , ofcourse they have to learn about it , but they will learn about it in the grand sceme of things , the broad picture : first , they will learn the basis on wich that empire was based on : geography ( in the middle of north west europe , on the north sea coast ) , trade ( haringfishery and grain imports from the baltics/popland to feed the city population in the province of holland and zeeland , wood from the baltics/scandinavia for shipbuilding , staplemarket in amsterdam for grain ) , people ( flemish people fleeing to amsterdam , immigrants from germany/denmark/france to do the work ) economy ( high wages , work availeble ) . 
  this all leads to expanding traderoutes and exploration . 
  that leads to a trade empire , and in the 19th century a colonial empire . 
  and ofcourse there is always our war of independance in the background . 
  the fall of our empire is also thought on schools , with all it 's atrocities ( mass murder in indonesia ) . 
  all in all i think they give a very balanced view of our history on our schools here in the netherlands . 
  students here are also encouraged to form their own view and thoughts about the subject , not just to be a mindless drone that just learns what 's written in a textbook . 
  i believe in the netherlands they commemorate the lost battle at arnhem : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afgge48rsk0 some british soldiers died there . 
  also , there are many small remembrance places for fallen polish , canadian and british soldiers . 
  for example , there is a remembrance plate for two canadian soldiers that were shot dead in action on the street ( by the german army when they fought and retreated ) 100 meters from where i live here in almelo , the netherlands : http://blogimages.bloggen.be/gerard1931/305659-ee5746a20c5f2ddfd82b731a1c4e0d95.jpg, 
  not as a whole continent ofcourse , wwii was mostly fought ( and won ) on the eastern front by the russians . 
  for the countries in western europe it was a important moment though , because they knew they could hope not to become communist after the war ( it was already known that germany was losing and on the retreat ) . 
  to commemorate this , the french had isseud a special d-day 2 euro coin in 2014 : http://thumbs.ebaystatic.com/images/g/qscaaoswmlntmbo9/s-l225.jpg in 2014 , there was also some remembrance of d-day in france with some heads of states : ( warning dutch language ) http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/3790535/wereldleiders-herdenken-d-day-in-normandie.html most countries in europe have their own remembrance day , a national holliday to think about what 's it like to be occupied by a other country and to celebrate that we live all in freedom . 
  d-day is not realy a stand-alone occasion in these remembrance days , but a small part that leads to the liberation of a particular country . 
  but almost all europeans will have heared of d-day , just as they will have heared of , for example , the battle of stalingrad . 
  romanian and french ( also spanish and italian ) are derived from latin : the romans had a hughe empire and in the border region was dacia ( now romania ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dacia . 
  it was romanised and people spoke latin there . 
  after the fall of the roman empire , many areas around dacia were germanisized , but for unclear reasons the dacians kept their latin language ( that over the years turned into romanian ) . 
  you can stop at regular intervals and start begging for money and food , 
  thanks , please do . 
  i will not lower myself to your level , so i will not answer your reply :( ( btw , it 's warm and sunny here in almelo ) . 
   i never said it was , but , it does exist unfortunately , i have to repeat my previous answer here : that is not the majority view or that of their governments . 
  for example : the same with the us , many people do n't want to keep nato in place , but that is a minority view and that of the us government . 
  as far as i know , the us has no complicated relationship with nato also . 
  my point : it 's not a minority of the population that joined nato , it 's the majority that did , through their governments . 
   pro-soviet sentiment and russian minorities that is not the majority view or that of their governments .
