  heineken is n't bad , but it is n't great either . 
  but op wanted to try a certain beverage from each country located in europe , so i thought heineken would be easiest obtainable for op . 
  these etnic russians ca n't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by stalin . 
  treat them as human beings , not as inhuman enemies o_o, 
   yeah , and russia did n't cause it at all with the illegal immigration of russians ... 
  these etnic russians ca n't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by stalin . 
  not very common to see it used , but it will be there . 
  many products in the netherlands have been processed already and sold as such in supermarkets and lot 's of precooked meals are eaten . 
  cooking mostly is just adding a few processed ingredients together and heat it up , like cooking sauces , cut and packaged vegetables , etc. 
  especially during the weekdays when you are getting home tired from work . 
  i think most people ( if they want to spend time at cooking at all ) they will cook/bake and use the food scale during the weekends . 
  i also have the feeling that young people cook a lot less then older people , also eat out more . 
  but that is only what i see around me , not based on any factual information . 
  i gues the same as in the us realy . 
   whether the people there spoke russian , spanish or inuit is irrelevant . 
  please read my previous comment to know why i think it is relevant . 
  you are not serious :(, 
   i think , espacially in the baltic states , georgia and the ukraine , they have created this situation themselves by treating these ethnic russians as garbage second rate citizens , instead of embracing them as fellow citizens at the new start of their country after the division of the ussr . 
  these etnic russians ca n't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by stalin . 
  yes , it 's my opinion , just as you maybe will have one too ( that i have n't seen here yet , a lot of critique but no opinion of your own ... ) . 
  i do n't think russia is `` invading countries '' at all , it is merely protecting it 's interrests . 
  people living in area 's that have many ethnic russians living there that are treated as second rate citizens are getting scared of a possible russian helping hand towards those ethnic russians . 
  they are also the people who make such a fuss about it on the internet , just like op and his post here . 
  i think , espacially in the baltic states , georgia and the ukraine , they have created this situation themselves by treating these ethnic russians as garbage second rate citizens , instead of embracing them as fellow citizens at the new start of their country after the division of the ussr . 
  these etnic russians ca n't help it that their parents and grandparents were replaced there by stalin . 
  you sound just as geert wilders btw : / did you vote for this terrible party pvv ? 
  i hope not . 
  are you from the ukraine , latvia , lithuania or estonia and very insecure about the future ? 
  you sound like a trapped mouse crying for help : / russia is n't invading foreign countries , it 's only protecting it 's interrests in other parts of the world . 
  if the country you live in has no russian interrests treatened , you have nothing to worry about , the crimea , russian part of ukraine where both russian interrests treatened by ukraine . 
  i have n't seen putin invade other countries though . 
  i think you are scared and lost the ability to rational thoughts . 
  i would say heineken is probably sold in a shop near you , so you could try that beer . 
  there are so many first generation immigrants in europe nowadays , i think almost all languages of the world are spoken on the continent of europe . 
  so maybe chinese or japanese ? 
  probably a language i have n't heared of yet . 
  you have a wrong idea of english used in many different european countries . 
  people who came into contact with other people from outside their own culture/linguistic region always had the need for a way to communicate with eachother . 
  the easiest way for that is to learn the other persons language . 
  no problem when you communicate with one or two neighbouring tribes . 
  but when your world grows bigger , you need a language that is shared/used by many more tribes/cultures . 
  from the earliest hunter/gatherers it is unknown how they communicated with eachother . 
  had they all a shared language they could use when their groups/tribes met eachother ? 
  we just do n't know . 
  later on , the first farmers started to settle down . 
  traders would have come into contact with many different languages spoken by these farmers in different territories/tribal areas . 
  how these traders communicated with those different people ? 
  we do n't know . 
  probably there were some main language groups like celtic , germanic , etc that made knowledge of them possible to understand eachother in some way or form . 
  the first language that we know ( in the netherlands ) was used as a lingua franca was latin . 
  it was the language of the romans , and latin was the language of the government and army and the urbanised areas . 
  you could speak with some one from the other side of the roman empire in the same language !, 
  when the roman empire disintegrated , the church increased it 's power and used latin as a lingua franca to communicate between it 's regional chapters and it 's headquarter ( s ) . 
  after the reformation , latin was still used by the protestants and the early city elites . 
  but from this point on , we see that latin only stayed a lingua franca , it was not used in communication between common people ( for instance : i collect 17th centuary books . 
  many of those books about religion and international politics , science where still in latin in the first few decades of the 1600 's in the netherlands , but books with other , more popular subjects , were written in dutch , not latin ) . 
  when the city elites became more powerfull and the culture was dominated by french culture , the lingua franca shifted from latin to french : science , diplomats , courts , high-brow culture all became french spoken/written . 
  if you wanted to belong to the elite of a country , and had the need to communicate with elites from other countries , you learned french ( for example : i have a small pocket atlas from 1790 in french , used by dutch elite students to learn more about the world around them ) . 
  for the paupers , it was different . 
  most of them could speak and understand a few words from other languages like german and danish ( in the netherlands that is ) because of all the immigrants from these countries . 
  after the french culture became less relevant , and mass media and transport became a thing ( newspapers , radio , trains , cars , airplanes , movie theaters , tv , internet , digital media ) , the cultural center shifted towards the uk . 
  english became slowly the lingua franca between people from different language areas . 
  this shifting process is now almost complete ( the last remnant is almost gone , french as the language of diplomacy ) . 
  and because of popular mass-media from the uk and the us , also since latin in the roman empire ( spqr as they called it themselves ) , the working class people ( the paupers of the past ) have the same lingua franca as the elite ( with the sidenote that the roman elite liked to speak/understand ancient greek as well ) . 
  but there are a few sidenotes to this . 
  first , if people speak both a other language besides english , they can use that too to communicate with eachother . 
  secondly : knowdledge of english does n't mean you have taken over any british or american values associted with them . 
  for instance , i use english to communicate with somebody else in the world that i do n't think the uk and the us are proper democracies , because of the state/district system that could render your vote useless . 
  i do n't think dutch is used less because of the use of english . 
  english has a other function and place-of-use then dutch has . 
  it 's complementary , not replacing it . 
  also , foreign words are incorperated in dutch for many centuries now . 
  but they are used within dutch sentence structures , so a sentence , even with many foreign words , still feels like a dutch sentence . 
  in a matter of fact , i can read books from the beginning of the 1600 's in my collection with ease , although they use words that are not used nowadays , the sentence still follows the grammatical dutch rules and is therefore a dutch sentence . 
  here is a example video of dutch spoken 500 , 1000 and 1500 years ago , as it could have probably sounded like ( reconstructed from old texts and other related languages ) . 
  they also left out any regional accents , this is all hypothetical . 
  in this video , you can here words change , but the sentence structure stay mainly the same and very surprisingly stays understandeble for a very long time in the past . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xfejryn7r3g go read and collect 17th century books , it 's fun and nice , and old books smell nice too , become a fellow booksniffer o_o, 
  op has voted for trump o_o, 
  i was raised with standard ditch at home . 
  some other people where talking the dialect of my village . 
  i can understand it , but ca n't speak it though . 
  this realy makes no sence at all . 
  what has this to do with the us or germany ? 
  here in almelo ( the city i live in the netherlands ) i live next to a shopping street . 
  there are already christmas decorations hanging across the street to welcome visiters . 
  i am very sorry to say , but italy is realy not important to dutch people/media . 
  only berlusconi and the earthquakes recently made the news . 
  tldr : italy is not on the mind of dutch people , only as a vacation destination . 
  and in a republic you ca n't have a proportinal representation ? 
  ofcourse that 's possible , it would make you a democracy . 
   it 's like you do n't even get the concept of politics you only want to see the nationalistic side of foreign policy . 
  you are not able or unwilling to see that nationalism in foreign policy has brought missery and deayth to other peoples/countries . 
  you are the most dangerous kind of nationalist , the kind that thinks that it is ok to use force/war to `` help other peoples/nations '' :(, 
   in what way is `` your voice as a citizen ... terminated in a democracy , your voice is always represented by the party you voted on . 
  foreign policy can be done with different oblectives : first getting better yourself via trade and understanding between nations , with violence/force as a ultimate means , only deployed when you are in danger yourself . 
  or you can use foreign policy to better others by forcing them your values and political system by war and or violence/trade pressure . 
  this is the us way , the first is the eu way . 
  why are you feeling yourself so much better then others ? 
  what is this us nationalistic behaviour ?
