  vodka is basically alcohol with water . 
  it 's tasteless , so i do n't know why people would want to drink it :(, 
  local dialects do n't exist in a vacuum , they are influenced by the major national language spoken . 
  dutch low saxon is influenced by standard dutch , so is west low german by standard german . 
  for example : although the dialects on the dutch side and the german side of the border are the same dialects , the way sentances are constructed are different , depending in the country you are in . 
  i live in almelo in the east of the netherlands , in a region called twente . 
  when people from the twente region cross the border with germany , they have no difficulty speaking with them , because they both speak the same dialect . 
  this dialect goes all the way to berlin https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_low_german and https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/nedersaksiese_taalgebied.png, 
  try to spend half of your time on the countryside . 
  do n't focus too much on touristy stuff and places . 
  religion has no part of everyday society here in the netherlands . 
  religion is a personal thing , left at home when you go out to work or to shop . 
  i have no idea what religion my co-workers have , it is never discussed . 
  almost like a taboo . 
  lol , my grandpa always watched fc de kampioenen . 
  i remember boma , 
  i do n't love my language , it 's just a means to communicate with other people , nothing else . 
  why would dutch be more beautifull or less beautifull then other languages ? 
  quite interresting . 
  they ( the tourist industry ) sees them as `` walking wallets '' , just as all the other tourists . 
  the regular dutch people sees them as normal people from the uk , 
  i learned english at school on a young age . 
  when i became a bit older , it became clear to me that , if i wanted to communicate with somebody outside of the netherlands and belgium , i needed english as a lingua franca . 
  because english is spoken by many people around the world ( english empire ) it is the most easy language to use . 
  also english is used much on television and the internet , that makes it easy to learn . 
  because of television and real life interactions with germans , i can understand german very well . 
  but speaking german is a whole lot more difficult then understanding it . 
  because of modern science and a national education system that is availeble to all ( not just the rich ) , superstition has almost gone in the netherlands . 
  if you arenlooking for people who are believing these things , my best bet would be looking into third world countries , where they do n't have a national education system availeble to all . 
  that sounds to me like the sort of places where these things like witches still have a hold on uneducated people :(, 
  probably as soon as a new government was installed . 
  i live in almelo , a city in the east of the netherlands . 
  there is a castle in the middle of the city , it is there for many hundreds of years . 
  all these times it was occupied by a few families who 's head was a count . 
  they still live in this castle and there is still a count living there , it 's pravitely owned . 
  he has still many farms and woodlands , that he rents out to farmers . 
  but he has no special privileges connected to his title . 
  i was talking about the greeks , not the dutch o_o, 
  the uk was already outside many agreements , and will not be missed much . 
  they want to benefit from the eu , but do n't want to pay for it . 
  it 's time they decide what they want to do : be a full eu partner , or go away on their own . 
  i will not miss them o_o, 
  netherlands : kingsday :d https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1d8rjuqvnng and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fmypgt-0jus, 
  i would be more concerned about traffic accidents ( i 've heared that the greeks are horrible drivers ), 
  you eill never be considered dutch here , but you could try to become `` one of the people that belongs here '' . 
  there sre lot 's of dutch people , born in the netherlands and lived here all their lives , that are not considered fully dutch :(, 
  just go to the touristy places , you will have no problems at all . 
  but watch out !, 
  if you venture into the european countryside , big chance that you will end up in a hospital , beaten down by wild europeans that hate everyone that is not 100 % blond and blue eyed / s, 
  i live in almelo , so for me the nearest city is munster ( a very nice and lively city ) . 
  sometimes i visit dusseldorf , a big city on the rhine river ( a very relexed atmosphere and good bratwurst and beer , also very nice to sit at a cafe along the rhine in the sun ), 
  til there is a american football league in the netherlands !, 
  i also never heared that somebody is playing the game though . 
  same for the netherlands, 
  poland is a eastern european country , it 's still underdeveloped , corrupt and poor compared to western europe . 
  but ofcourse , f you compare poland with a country like moldova , then poland would be a bit more preferable ( but only slightly ) . 
  here in the netherlands , i almost never encounter any racism . 
  although we have many black and yellow people living here . 
  but there is some ( hidden ) discrimination of other cultures . 
  it does n't realy matter what colour you have here , but it matters much how you were raised . 
  for example : if you are polish , you are seen as a bit of a low standard , turkish or morrocan a bit of a criminal , a surinamese a bit of lazy , etc. 
  people from germany , belgium , denmark , uk , luxemburg , sweden , etc are seen as `` equals '' . 
  but this is not that common , most people see eachother for what they are : other people :d, 
  i would say that , given the countries i know , i think the northern half of belgium would be ok ( but that also has to do with the closeness of language and culture ) . 
  i think it 's very induvidual what country would be best for you . 
  i think , to know what will be the best country to live in europe , best way to find out is to look at hard data . 
  the native women are all hiding in their houses behing thick steal doors and with loaded guns , ready to shoot at everyone who looks like a refugee / s, 
  we had eddy wally , but he died a few days ago :(, 
  once every few weeks i go to germany ( i live 30 kolometers from the border ) . 
  my parents live in a village on the border with belgium , so when i go visit them ( twice a year ) , i ussualy also go to belgium for a few hours . 
  once every few years i go and try to visit other countries that i have never been to before . 
  i will try to visit sint peterburg ( russia ) this summer , mainly to visit the hermitage museum . 
  i will be difficult to become a eu citizen : on the jobs market you have to compete with ( many ) french people who have had a very good education and speak french perfectly . 
  so first thing you have to do is trying to be fluent in french . 
  as a us citizen , i ques you will have more changes in the uk : they already speak english and their rules for immigrants are a bit less strict then other eu countries . 
  this is different from putting your kids on a school in a other state/province . 
  he was talking about a other country o_o you are free to deside where your kids go to school , but that decision is mainly based on language . 
  for example : if you are dutch , but you live in germany ( much lower costs of housing ) , then probably you will put your kids on a dutch school in the netherlands , because their future will probably be in the netherlands . 
  living in a other country does n't mean that those people will integrate into that foreign culture/language . 
  most of those `` border-crossers '' just sleep in their house , but the rest of their lives ( family , friends , work , school , even groceries ) will be lived inside the netherlands . 
  there is a refugee camp ( azc ) near my house , but i have n't had any problems with them . 
  the only change i see is when i walk home from the trainstation every day and see a lot of blacks/brownish people walk from the city centre towards the refugee camp . 
  that 's all realy ( almelo , the netherlands ), 
  thanks !, 
  til, 
  what does `` tangential '' means ? 
  i never encountered this word before and google transelate is failing me :( also the 1 day races are popular , but not as popular as the tour de france is . 
  also many people are watching the stages to see where they are going to spemd the holliday in france :d, 
  the same here in the netherlands , because rally races are not popular enough to get high numbers of viewers . 
  the only sports that atract enough television viewers here are : football , long distance speedskating and bycicling racing ( tour de france ) . 
  inside of the netherlands , we can travel/move from province to province ( comparable with your different states inside the usa ) without any problems for about 200 years now . 
  since schengen we can travel to other schengen countries without any border guards ( comparable with travel between canada and usa ) . 
  but the main obstacle is still culture/language differences . 
  since the euro the currency problem is gone . 
  i wondered that for the netherlands myself ... 
  `` killed lots of british soldiers '' and `` the greatness of that achievement '' o_o ofcourse people can acomplish great things , but to state he is a hero ( all good ) implies you just focus extremely on just one achievement . 
  a very dangerous and scary way of thinking : / that realy does not belong in a civil society where critical thinking is encouraged by the government . 
  ofcourse it 's possible to be dutch and glorify a person o_o why not ? 
  but that would also imply that you did n't finish your education :( or skipped classes where critical thinking was a subject . 
  i 'm working on a vavo ( a school for people who did n't finish education and want/get a second change to get their diploma ) .
