  here in the netherlands , you get ( whatever happens in your life , exept for some specific cases ) always a minimum allowance `` bijstandsuitkering '' . 
  it will cover your basic needs : money to pay the rent for a decent house , food , clothing , basic apliences , internet connection , even a bit of money for a very basic vacation ( most people use their vacation money to buy things like washing machines , refridgerators , tv 's , pc 's , etc ) . 
  all in all you have a very basic life , but you can live from it . 
  also , when you have `` bijstandsuitkering '' , a lot of local taxation will not aply for you , healthcare is still availeble and basic education for your children is availeble also . 
  although you are not working , it 's just a very basic life , with only the very minimum that you can afford . 
  nobody knows . 
  because my alarmclock went off and i have to get up , it 's 05.30 in the netherlands right now . 
  i will first work a bit in my garden ( getting weed away ) and then i will spend some time on my latest edition in my atlas collection :d weekends are realy the best time of the week . 
   his jokes all the time . 
  good banter i 'm serious . 
  i explained this in my post earlier in this tread , that we as a society are not better or worse then others , but that we have a different sort of discrimination here . 
  please try to have a normal discussion or say nothing at all . 
  thank you . 
  ofcourse thgey will do so , they already stated that they will do what the outcome of the referendum would be . 
  dream on , uk will be out ( unfortunately ) . 
   plan to drive to dusseldorf nice !, 
  just go to the altstad , to the rhine river and sit down on front of one of the many cafe 's / bars there and enjoy the view of the rhine and the part of the city on the other shore , so beautiful !, 
  do n't forget to order a nice german beer . 
  when you 're getting hungry , there is a bradwurst shop in the middle of one of the shoppingstreets right behind the rivershore . 
  best bradwurst in dusseldorf . 
   even though i do n't believe uk will really leave eu please put on the news right now : they have voted to leave the eu o_o, 
   ireland and malta are left so english will be still a official eu language . 
  all languages are seen as equal . 
  there are ofcourse a few languages used in everyday conversation among eu officials , english is the most important of them all . 
  but in official meetings , all languages are treated as equal . 
  i understand you completely !, 
  i once saw a map on r/mapporn that showed where the monet was earned in the uk : it was a very desturbing map : far out the most money is earned in london and a few other big cities , the rest of the uk was at the same level as wallonia , almost at a east european level :( now the uk will be out of the eu , many companies and financial institutions will leave the uk to other eu countries ( mainly germany i think , espacially the financial sector and car factories ) . 
  without the financial sector in london , the uk is realy a poor country . 
  get away while there is still a opportunaty to do so . 
  when the uk is out of the eu , you are not free to travel or to move to a other country anymore . 
   i 'm no means a fan of cameron he used the future of his country for short term political gains , that 's disgusting . 
  and what 's more : he betrayed the eu dream of `` never a european war again '' . 
  the founders of the eu wanted to make sure that no country could wage a war on it 's own again to intertwine the european economies ( of coal and steel production ) . 
  now that the uk is out , they abandon this dream , they have betrayed the european dream !, 
   managed to get an politician who was n't even a member of parliament orchestrating the exit of our country it was cameron who made the eu in to a referendum . 
  very stupid of him . 
  je nederlands is best wel goed !, 
   wilders and his mad bunch vote to leave ? 
  we have a different democracy here , not the `` winner takes all '' , but one that requires a bunch of different parties workingf together in order to govern . 
  that makes it almost impossible for wilders to be part of a governing coalition . 
  there is also no `` leave the eu movement '' here in the netherlands . 
   i 'd like to preface this by stating i do n't pay much attention to eu politics that would explain why you are asking your question . 
  on the continent of europe are many countries , all with their own laws . 
  no country will follow . 
  that is because you are both part of the nafta tradeblock o_o, 
  i know , but that is a theoretical dream . 
  tarifwalls are the reality . 
   the situation that has been unfolding in europe over the past years perplexes me why ? 
  there is more and more working together between eu states . 
   continent becoming divided , with independence and nationalists movements surging please try to make a distinction between the eu and countries outside the eu . 
  the eu is a group of countries working together . 
  they are well governed and organised . 
  living standards are very high in the north west , and are getting higher in the east of the eu rapidly . 
  outside of the eu , countries are on their own and have to form alliences to their best interrests . 
  it is also there where some insurgence is going on and where nationalism can create dangerous momentum and political instabilities ( ukraine , trans nistria , northern part of georgia , etc ) . 
  but the eu is expanding ever closer to the east , creating stability and progress . 
  if you think there are no tarifwalls in place between first world countries , you have not a grasp of how economies work . 
  i think people in some european countries will have some indepht knowledge about former colonies ( learned in school ) . 
  other then that , not so much , just the basics and the stereotypes i ques . 
  latin america and the caribbean are a bit on the edge of the world for europeans : they are poor countries and islands that are mostly interresting for tourism . 
  that 's all realy : poor people that are very happy to recieve your tourism euro 's , and some islands that are your former colonies . 
  dream on o_o, 
  because nations are there to protect their own markets o_o why do you think there is so much resistance against ttip ? 
  because it would get away of tarifwalls and you would have to accept quality standards of other nations . 
  it 's not antiquated at all , it is a sane economic instument . 
  a uk company needs , for example , 100 forks to sell in their shops in london . 
  they phone to a factory in , for example , germany and ask if they can deliver the forks to them . 
  if the german factory agrees , they will agree with a price for the forks . 
  the german factory then sends a truck full with 100 forks to the uk . 
  the truck will go to the eurotunnel and will drive to the uk side of it . 
  there it must stop and be checked by the uk borderpolice ( like it goes right now already ) . 
  after a short drive the truck will arrive at the warehouse of the uk company that ordered the 100 forks . 
  the company then sends 100 pounds to the factory in germany and that factory has to convert the pounds into euro 's . 
  the only thing that can change in the future is a possible tarifwall between the eu and the uk . 
  that is why they will negociate a solution . 
  also , if the uk wishes to export goods and services to the eu , it has to make sure they are of a eu standard , so basically , the uk is still bound by eu rules , if they like it or not ( the same with norway and switserland ) . 
  it looks like they are free to make their own decisions and rules but in reality they are not . 
   right , so if someone looks chinese , how would they be treated in high end places as a dutch person ofcourse . 
   by the way , when you say culture , do you mean their ethnicity or the country they came from ? 
  non of the two , i mean culture from a dutch perspective . 
  oh yes , a indepandant scotland will be level wallonia ( not a good level to be on ) . 
   would n't it be a super difficult time for scotland to become independant without having at least a bit of help from the eu yes , but that is the whole idea : other countries do n't want to encourage their area 's to become independant ( spain , france etc ) . 
  so they will not be so easy with scotland , i 'm afraid . 
   scotland is a eu member right now yes , scotland as a part of the uk , a independant scotland is a different entity . 
  this dicussion was already done during the scotland indepandant yes or no vote of some time ago . 
  the eu replyed then that a independant scotland would have to be checked first . 
  the same will be the case for other regoins which are already in eu area . 
  or they can try a more direct route , which is also not that easy realy ( article 48 versus article 49 ) http://www.wsj.com/articles/an-independent-scotland-wouldnt-be-a-shoo-in-for-the-eu-1410385408, 
   fairly contemptuous reception cameron got from brussels when attempting to gain reform of the eu cause his downfall ? 
  no , the uk people did that by voting to leave . 
  this fiasco is a entirely british fiasco . 
  deal with it , your fellow countrymen wanted the uk to leave . 
   furthermore did foolish statements from eu officials and member nation 's ministers about `` punishing '' britain serve only to make things worse ? 
  again , i understand it 's much easier to give the blame for this to the outside world , but this was a purely uk vote . 
  your own countrymen are to blame . 
  when it comes to a independant scotland , it will be a entirely new situation , then they would have to ask to become a member , that costs a lot of time ( the eu will investigate if scotland is at the level of a eu candidate . 
  that could take some years . 
  but why not , scotland as a independant nation would be a eu country eventualy , i 'm sure . 
  ok , then the answer is `` no '' o_o, 
  the uk is one of many countries that are members of the eu , when they leave , it will not affect the eu much because the uk will need to secure their access to the eu market .
