  those people are treated by the average french citizen as `` throw away '' persons . 
  your comment is typical for people who are very `` political correct '' , but would never want to realy live in a banlieue themselves , and i do n't blame you for that :(, 
  i live in almelo , in a region of the netherlands called twente . 
  it 's not obscure or anything , just on the edge of the country , next to germany . 
  it has cities and villages , highways and trains , just as any other region of the netherlands . 
  but we do have big hills in the north of twente , that makes us kind of special in the netherlands . 
  the netherlands is one of the most densely populated countries in europe , so all regions are very easily to reach . 
  it 's all urban area , if you look at it with a foreign viewpoint . 
  here in the netherlands almost all people have a dryer o_o and it 's also very dampy here . 
  why would n't dryers be used in the eu very much ? 
  do you have any data on that ? 
  i ca n't remember the last time azerbijan has been in the news in the netherlands , so ca n't say anything about it 's relations with the eu . 
  the country is completely irrelevant for the average dutch person . 
   civilians assault police here in the netherlands , that 's called a riot . 
  we have special police for these type of situations , the riotpolice : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ikai2dqqh0q and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lvhszeklkcy  granting asylum to young african-american men instead of , or in addition to , syrians ? 
  what about african-americans or poor americans as a whole ? 
  asylum is for people from countries in which their lives are in danger , so clearly not from the us . 
  we do n't want your poor people here in the netherlands , why should we ? 
  they are your problem , just give them better living conditions instead of `` keep them just from dying '' . 
  are you on some type of drugs right now ? 
  yes , in every country , children are educated in language o_o, 
  nothing about the indians here in the netherlands , at school at least . 
  i encountered them when i was a kid in some books i read `` arendsoog '' . 
  but that 's it realy . 
  but why should we learn about them ? 
  they are a marginalised sub-culture in the us today , put away in ghetto 's ( `` tribal lands '' ) . 
  i ques you would not learn about our marginilised people in the netherlands ( frisians ) . 
  they have there own languiage and hisstory and are also put away in their own `` tribal lands '' ( friesland province ) , just as your indians are . 
  but they are not well known in other countries as well . 
  why would foreigners want to learn about them ? 
  same goes for your indiginous people . 
  just look around on this website , full of usefull advice and video 's about traveling in european countries : https://www.ricksteves.com/ also his android app is very usefull !, 
  captain america ? 
  never heared of him . 
  when you look around you and only see north africans , go away from that place . 
  you probably are then in a baillue ( ghetto full of poor/sad people where crime is all around ) . 
  just stay in touristy places and all will be ok . 
  there is not yet a eu capital , that is only a problem when there would be a federation of countries . 
  now we have a group of countries working together . 
  there are a lot of eu commitees concentrated in two cities : brussels ( belgium ) and strasbourg ( france ) . 
  that 's because of history : the first six nations to start the eu were : germany , france , belgium , luxemburg , the netherlands and italy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community as you probably know it 's all very sensative were all those groups are located , so they stay in their place . 
  all part of a fragile balance between countries . 
  it 's political/diplomatic . 
  in the netherlands , the weather changes by day . 
  just take a shirt , sweather and jacket and you will be fine . 
  there are clothing shops all around the netherlands , so if you would need a clothing item you do n't brought with you , you can purchase it with ease . 
  also in other countries acros the eu , you can buy wathever you need in almost every city and town . 
  a 30-35 hour work week will basically be a 4 days workweek , that is one day less then i work now ( i work a 38 hors a week now ) . 
  more time to visit friends/family or just read books i ques . 
  not much different from what i do now , i just would have more time for it . 
  as far as i know , it largely consists of two bodies : the eu parlement and the council of ministers . 
  what i am most afraid of , is that the eu parlement ( that is elected democraticly ) get 's too much to say in europe : if we get a democratic eu , big countries ( with many inhabitants ) will get the most votes , and can overrule small countries nby a majority vote . 
  tldr : i am very afraid of a eu that is democratic . 
  edit did n't read the question well , sorry ( i feel a headache comming up , ca n't think clear anymore ) . 
  i think you have a different idea of democracy then we have in the netherlands . 
  here , we have many parties , all with their own identities . 
  it 's not important who is the leader of such party , the party programm ( voted for by party members ) is important , which contains all the goals a party wants to acomplish . 
  what i see in the us is the total opposite : there you have a hollow party with no program at all , but lot 's of people with lot 's of different idea 's inside of these two parties ( conservatives and democrates ) . 
  so from your point of view , indevidual persons anf their idea 's are very important , not the parties . 
  in the dutch situation , not the induvidual persons are important , but the parties are . 
  these two situations are very difficult , if at all , to comparise . 
  that 's even worse :(, 
   and young children sometimes pee in public o_o what ? 
  that is so 3rd world behaviour :(, 
  it 's not a issue in the netherlands . 
  on my job ( i work on a school ) , i gladly use the woman 's toilet ( as a man ) when all the men 's toilets are occupied . 
  the ladies on my work do the same in the men 's toilet . 
  the same with our students . 
  why not ? 
  ok , i actualy thought you meant 1 million o_o, 
  then make it 35 years instead of 1 million years . 
  that is so crazy o_o, 
   in denmark serving lifetime can be as long as 1000000 years that 's so weird , just give some one life till death or 15 years . 
  this is not true , if parlement decides the heir is unfit to rule , they can decide to give the right to succesion to the next in line . 
  that sounds barbaric and uncivilised . 
  i never thought that denmark was like that :(, 
  why ? 
  to sponsor apple ? 
  ca n't they spend it on better pay for teachers ? 
  no , there are two scenario 's that could play out : 1 - the parlement decides that a next person in line of the trone would become king/queen , because the heir is unfit for ruling ( could be because of criminal problems or because the heir is crazy ) . 
  2 - the parlement decides to get rid of the monarchy and makes the netherlands a republic again . 
  so you are wrong o_o, 
  in the netherlands , it would mean that the heir goes to prison for murder . 
  he/she would probably not become king/queen . 
  they do n't automaticaly become king/queen , first parlement has to agree with it . 
  in the eu , nothing is isolated ( compared to the us/canada ) . 
  because there is public transport everywhere , you can get to natureparks easyly . 
  here in the netherlands , they will always ask how you want your steak . 
  where in the eu did you travel ? 
  it sounds more you went to africa , asia or north america or something ... 
  netherlands ( almelo , city of around 70.000 in the east of the netherlands ) . 
  i live in the city center . 
  it is very safe here , i am never afraid , also not at night . 
  i can walk anywhere i want without any danger/problems . 
  i live in a semi attached house . 
  i get up at around 06.00 in the morning , eat breakfast ( bread , cheese and orangejuice for the vitamins ) . 
  i take a shower and leave at 07.00 in the morning to go to work . 
  walking to the train is healthy , but i 'm lazy/still a bit tired from sleep , so i use my car most of the time , that is parked on it 's own parkingspace behind my house . 
  it 's a 10 minutes drive to the trainstation ( almelo central ) . my employer has a big private parking plaza near the trainstation , so i can easily park my car there and walk in a few minutes to the train . 
  there i check in and go to the platform and wait for the train to enschede ( a city nearby , every 10 to 15 minutes there will come a train ) .
