  some made a autotour acros the us and what they thought was in sharp contrast was the area more inland from the eastcoast , they said it was like time had stood still there , like it was still the ' 60 's and 70 's :( the westcoast they felt was more urban but not like the netherlands , more spread out , it was missing real urban centers . 
  they said it felt like a lot of villages where grown together . 
  across the country it seems that there is not much variation in the style of buildings , it all looked alike . 
  they thought that the people in the us were much different from those in the netherlands . 
  they were very easy to aproach and always were friendly . 
  but they said also that it felt a bit `` fake '' , that the people had a `` plastic smile '' . 
  they were surprised that nobody was grumpy or in a bad mood . 
  what also came up in conversations when friends and family were telling me about there visits to the us , was that they were very surprised that there was so little difference between the people . 
  they told me that they could understand everyone in the whole of the country . 
  all the same restaurants , shops , tv channels , language , money , roads , they felt that there was one overall culture everywhere . 
  not much regional difference . 
  that the landscape and temperature differences were much more telling of where they were then they could tell from interaction with people . 
  in the netherlands , it is the other way around . 
  the overall feel of the us was that is was not much like the netherlands : much more extreme , very rich and very poor people , very hierarchical society . 
  while here in the netherlands we do n't have these extreme differences in society that much . 
  also it felt more disorganised , more `` you have to do it yourself '' then what we are used to in the netherlands . 
  also society seems to be divided into the eastcoast , that feels like a proper developed area and the rest of the us , wich feels to be lacking behind . 
  the landscape and climate is varied in the us but the culture and the people are surprisingly homogenous , very much alike . 
  not what you would expect from a country of around 350 million people . 
  yes , i follow the elections in the us , but not live because i have to sleep and work tommorow . 
  i think it was a very good reply , so i upvoted this very hard !, 
  there is not yet a eu capital , that is only a problem when there would be a federation of countries . 
  now we have a group of countries working together , so why have a capital ? 
  there are a lot of eu commitees concentrated in three cities : brussels ( belgium ) , strasbourg ( france ) and luxemburg city ( luxemburg ) . 
  that 's because of history : the first six nations to start the eu were : germany , france , belgium , luxemburg , the netherlands and italy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community as you probably know it 's all very sensative were all those groups are located , so they stay in their place . 
  all part of a fragile balance between countries . 
  serious : are you using drugs or alcohol at the moment ? 
  that could explain why you are having strange thoughts o_o that said , it is concerning what is happening in poland and hungary . 
  some people are afraid these two countries could be heading towards a situation ala belarus . 
  p.s : there is no such thing as a eu army . 
  i work on a school in the netherlands . 
  a few students use gum , but only a few . 
  i ques 90 % do n't . 
  so it 's a bit of a niche product here . 
  20 years ago , many people were using it , and stimorol was the best known brand back then . 
  show occupied ? 
  is this a tv show or a musical ? 
  sorry , i only speak metric / s seriously , i have no idea what inches and feet are compared to centimeters and meters . 
  everything is ( rational ) metric here in the netherlands . 
  maybe in the uk they still use inches ? 
  well border patrol is more then economics alone . 
  because ... they love the english so much ? 
  no , why would we head into a new cold war ? 
  you are a real european !, 
  when the majority of eu citizens will think like you , a federated eu will make sence . 
  seriously , i never heared anybody saying this before , and i live in the netherlands , one of the most pro eu countries on this planet . 
  are you serious or trolling around ? 
  but a independant scotland will make dicision 's for it 's own , it can do what they see fit to do . 
  there is no eu identity , nobody feels `` european '' first and foremost . 
  people identify themselves with their country , sometimes even with their region first . 
  personally , i ca n't see a french or italian person become first-minister of my country . 
  i would not trust that person , bacause i would know he would serve the interrest of his homenation first , and does n't have the same culture/value system as the people of the netherlands have . 
  for the first couple of hundred years , i do n't see that situation change realy :d i think the magic word for the eu is cooperation , not federalism . 
  there is no `` capitol of europe '' , just a lot of eu organizations concentrated in brussels . 
  also a lot of them are in strasbourg and luxemburg city . 
  please read my previous reply again . 
  that is what the uk wants . 
  nobody has a idea what a independant scotland will be like . 
  it 's up to them . 
  but i know one thing : every normal country contro ; s it 's borders : either directly ( like the us does ) or indirectly ( like the schengen area ) . 
  if scotland would vote to become a country , they would no longer be a area of the uk . 
  they would have a formel border between them . 
  because both would not be part of the schengen area ( free travel ) , it would be up to them to decide if one of them ( or both ) would like to control their borders ( almost certainly yes ) . 
  in the big cities , people are getting used to modern technology like fax machines and battery powered walkman 's . 
  if you venture into the inlands of rural europe , you better prepare yourself because the native farmers will not understand your superior foreign technology and will think you are a wizard / s all european countries have the technology you enjoy at home , so do n't worry . 
  there are a lot of shops that will sell simcards , even in small cities . 
  in all european countries , people are using mobile phones and like to stay connected to eachother . 
  i would share the finest dutch popmusic with the rest of the european students : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rxijcfvds0e all the other students would get overwelmed by my superior dutch culture !, 
  came here to say just that . 
  digid is a great system !, 
  well , in amsterdam there is a special zone for people like you called the red light district . 
  it is full with woman who like to have sex with you , just give them lot 's of euro 's and they will get ready for you . 
  not realy difficult at all : /, 
  no , not realy :(, 
  becuase you say i am 13 years old ??? 
  i think that is a very childish remark , and i ca n't take that serious . 
  when i get a remark like this , i stop a discusion :(, 
  they are also not countries , but dependant area 's . 
  they call themselves countries ( why not ) , but to the outside world they are dutch . 
  calling themselves independant would be seen as crazy outside of the netherlands , so they do n't . 
  it 's on wikipedia , so it 's true o_o please try to educate yourself with real books , written by educated people . 
  i think you have to go back to school and learn again the difference between a country and a subdivision of a country : / you can be a ultra-regionalist and like to dream of your region as if it was a country , but calling it a country outside of your nationalistic group is just silly , and sounds a bit stupid realy : /, 
  but they did n't aquire independence , so there not a country o_o, 
  i have visited these countries : netherlands ( homecountry ) , belgium , germany , luxemburg , uk , austria , france and italy . 
  in summer , i will visit russia :d, 
  uhm ... england and scotland are both parts of the uk ( they are like our provinces ) 0_o, 
  luxemburg , germany , northern part of belgium ( flanders ) . 
  ofcourse religion is at the besa of this coinflict 8 :, 
  what i hear from hamas ( chosen by the palestinians in gaza strip to govern them ) is that they want only one solution : israel wiped of the map , together with the jews who live there . 
  that sounds very religious fanatic to me :( not realy a step in the direction of normalising the relationship with israel why are the people living in that area so hurtful towards eachother ? 
  i think because of lack of western education and the presence of religion . 
  i am so happy that i live in a secular country !, 
  i think both sides are idiots . 
  the palestinians are religious fanatics who would rather see israel distroyed then making a new start and building a phuture for themselves by recognizing israel and becomming a own state . 
  israel on the other hand is run by religious fanatics who would rather dig in and keep the palestinians inside their land-prison , rather then trying to work out a peacefull outcome . 
  tldr : both sides are religious and have a principal view of their own solution to the problem , no good has ever come out of that , and so a rational solution is not possible . 
  and therefore no solution is possible for this conflict . 
  i say let them drag on , it 's just a local conflict that does n't matter to the netherlands or me . 
  yes , we need the tourist maney here very badly, 
  that would be sad :(,
