  he freed his country from the dictatorship of batista ( a american backed brutal dictator who was put in power to defend american interrests in cuba , cuba was a long time protectorate of the us , basically a colony in disguise ) . 
  after he freed his country , he used his communists ideals to create a better society for the average cuban with free healthcare , education and wellfare . 
  but he was not succesfull with developing his economy , mainly due to a boycot by the us and by a inefficient government . 
  nowadays he was more of a icon then a head of state . 
  i have mixed feelings about him , he was very good in getting rid of the americans from cuba , but was not good with governing his country . 
  i hope his brother raoul and his successor after him will be better at it . 
  i think you have a problem if you think of your government as your enemy . 
  become a politician yourself and try to change your constitution yourself by getting elected . 
  just get rid of this strange two party system and addopt democracy as your system where everybody is represented , not just the victors in a state wide election . 
  why not , if you want to claim something rediculous , go big , go for the world !, 
  even better , the world ( and yes , that even bigger then the uk ! ), 
  when trolls are out of arguments , they tend to try to stear the discussion away from the topic . 
  that is what you are doing right now :( please stay in north america . 
  the cultureshock would be too great for you when you would visit any countries in europe . 
  all those diferent types of celerations and cultures will just blow your mind https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjnzo5zgwe8, 
  a tradition in the east of the netherlands : zwientie tikken ( touch the pig ) , it 's a rural thing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddknmuoulto https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vx1k67tzdo4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kchu9b4kg4c https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcmjk1f_vtk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n7f-ptp8wxq http://img.rtvoost.nl/t3/342804.jpg http://www.destentor.nl/polopoly_fs/1.6282342.1471807290!image/image-6282342.jpg https://rtvnh-webfiles.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/data/cache/2/basedata/pf_image/3246412550-7af26972.jpg http://img.rtvoost.nl/t3/342800.jpg http://c8.alamy.com/comp/fjw636/a-participant-from-zwientie-tikken-piggie-tag-tries-to-tag-a-little-fjw636.jpg, 
   is the same saint !, 
  but a totally different traditon . 
  when i hear this , i makes me sure you must be a us troll :( please visit the netherlands in december , and all the other celebrations around europe and you will see they are very different from eachother , and they are not the same as your north american christmas celebration either . 
   st. nikolaj so you also have a sinterklaas , arriving from spain on a steamship , after arrival riding on his horse amerigo with his zwarte piet helpers trowing little cookies to people 's heds , riding from rooftop to rooftop , climbing down through the fire place into the house to put a present into your shoe ? 
  yeah , realy the same / s a serious question : have you ever been to the netherlands in december ? 
  or are you realy a trolling american who has no idea about dutch traditions at all ? 
  i am getting the impression you have never been in any country in europe before : /, 
  when somebody turns 50 , they sometimes put a very big inflateble doll in front of the house http://www.feestverhuurgroningen.nl/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/sarah_rollator2.jpg i only saw this in the east of the netherlands though , not in other parts of the country . 
  totally wrong . 
  sinterklaas : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rufuhpk2tpo krampus : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wlnl5zwg4tg yeah , the same / s, 
  they are not at all the same , toytally different celebration o_o, 
  but not sinterklaas , maybe belgium though ... 
  this could happen also in the netherlands , we have also places that sells fish and chips : / here in a city nearby is a fish and chips place : https://www.borneboeit.nl/11273/nieuws-agenda/archief/brits-fastfood-in-borne, 
  you are right , it could also happen in the north of belgium i think . 
  i was once sinterklaas at the oncology ( cancer treatment ) section of the hospital in enschede ( a city in the netherlands ) . 
  one of the most intense expierences i had in my life realy . 
  there was a young lady who was so glad to see sinterklaas , and she sat on my lap and told me all about what she did daily in the hospital very enthousiaticly . 
  after leaving her , i heared from a hospiyal employee that she only had a month to live anymore , that it was her last sinterklaas :( example of how sinterklaas looks like : http://media.nu.nl/m/m1oxejuaheil_wd1280.jpg/consument-geeft-meer-sinterklaas.jpg, 
  in the netherlands , nothing special , just a christmas dinner with the family . 
  that 's all realy . 
  i do n't have enough knowledge about the dutch banking sector to give you a propper answer unfortunately :(, 
  never . 
  i am realy afraid of guns , they make me panic a bit when i see one . 
  in almelo ( the city i live in , in the netherlands ) there is a snackbar called bintje . 
  it is near the police station . 
  on several occasions i saw police people ordering fries/etc . 
  there , with their gun holstered on their hips , standing next to me . 
  it made me realy unconfortable to be so close to a real gun . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like our police a lot and i realy trust them , but just the closeness of a real loaded gun makes me nervous . 
  yes it is . 
  it was in the past , when we had indonesia as a colony , but nowadays there is nothing like a special relationship with that country , it 's just a asian country . 
  but with china , we have a tonload of direct and indirect contacts and a lot of our stuff and goods are made there . 
   this could literally be anyone 's story in the entire world so that does n't makes it true for the netherlands ? 
  honoustly , i think the question of op sucks , because he knows every one 's answer up front : the former colonies will be the most cultural/historic important , china will be the most important in present day europe . 
  spotted the ultra-nationalist here :(, 
  yes , we have many migrants here in the netherlands , and i speak some of them on a daily basis . 
  but they speak dutch or english so no problem . 
  i also go to germany at least once every month , and then i am the tourist , so i will be the one who is not speaking his native language  and they have to deal with my rusty german . 
  defenately china , so many goods i buy and use are imported from china.you will never believe how many goods i own are made there , but believe me , it 's a lot ( i am not joking , i 'm dead serious here ) . 
  also so many goods enter the eu via the port of rotterdam ( a city in the netherlands ) , it makes china realy the most important asian country for the netherlands by far . 
  the local sligro in almelo ( the city i live in here in the netherlands ) has a lobstertank !, 
  but it is a special members-only supermarket though . 
  you are still young , you have your whole life ahead of you . 
  i am sure you will visit all those countries one day . 
  well , you can argue about the amount of countries in europe , because europe is not a defenately defined continent . 
  also you can argue about what are countries and what not ( presently transnistria comes to mind , but also neutral moresnet was a good example of this ... it makes me sad to think about the end of neutral moresnet though , it almost made it :( i have visited these countries ( almost all of them more then once ) netherlands ( the country i live in ) belgium ( must have been there hundreds of times in my live ) germany ( must have been tens of times by now ) uk ( 5 times ) france ( several times ) luxemburg ( 3 times ) austria ( 2 times ) italy ( 1 time ) not that many countries realy :( but it is always nice to be confronted with different cultures/languages/rules / etc. 
  it makes you think about the things that you take for granted at home . 
  i liked all of these countries much . 
  luxemburg and the uk where very nice because of the hills . 
  it just feels very special and confusing to walk/drive up a hill , just the sentation of going vertical instead of horizontal is just very weird and feels very wrong and makes me panic slightly every time : /, 
  the netherlands - yes i do . 
  i pay my taxes gladly , and get motivated by all the great things our government does with it : great roads , infrastructure , wellfare , bureaucracy , education , etc. 
  i realy like and trust my government !, 
   people acting superior to mcdonald 's please read my arguments first before commenting on it : overcrowded blend taste not filling pricy shitfest at the end only my blend taste argument is subjective , but i did n't say it tasted bad , it was just not that tasty realy . 
  what i expect from take away food is that it does it 's job , i do n't expect to it to be restaurant quality . 
  but other take away food is just better performing then mc donalds does :(, 
  do i have to lie then and tell him : yeah , dutch is fantastic , you can use it in the whole world basicaly : where ever you are , dutch is the lingua franca of the world . 
  even on antarctica , dutch is spoken everywhere !, 
  no , i just want to inform op realisticaly about what the best language is for him to study . 
  it defenately ai n't dutch , 
   is there a motorsport scene in your country yes , why not . 
  cars are sold and used all over the world , so there will always be people trying to ride/race as fast as possible . 
  the same for animal racing 500 years ago . 
  a bit of a stupid question realy : /, 
  please do n't learn dutch !, 
  it 's a language only spoken in a few countries ( the netherlands , flanders in belgium and suriname ) and has no added value for foreigners whatso ever . 
  you can use english instead and have a nice time in the netherlands . 
  also , people will speak english to you the moment they hear you are canadian . 
  think of a language as a tool , a means of communicating information from one person to the other . 
  the best way to do this is to use two `` tools '' that you both master , in the netherlands that would be english . 
  dutch would just make a conversation diffiocult and awkward , nobody wants that to happen . 
  because english is the lingua franca of europe , as a canadian , you do n't have to learn any other language whatse ever . 
  only if you plan to immigrate to a country in europe , it is adviseble to learn the national language to get integrated into society . 
  in almelo ( the city in the netherlands i live in ) there is a mc donalds nearby . 
  i 've never been to that place in my whole life . 
  i tried mc donalds once when i was in amsterdam , it was horrible !, 
  overcrowded , the `` food '' was blend and overpriced ( i had to pay almost 8 euro 's for a plate filled with just a few items on it ) , after that experience i was still hungry and four hours after that , all the `` food '' came out in a giant shitfest :( are there realy people who are going to eat there every month o_o to answer your question : i have no idea . 
  i am going to asume that you are talking about immigration , not economic illigals . 
  first of all , most west european nations , if not all , will need immigration to sustain , let alone grow , their economies . 
  most european countries do n't produce enough babies to keep their citizens at a growing level , so they need to import people from outside their own borders . 
  ofcourse importing foreign people causes tensions in society , those foreign people will want to keep their own culture/religion/language / traditions , while the host nation wants them absorbed as soon as possible into their own society ( ofcourse with some minor changes to that society , they are n't static ofcourse ) . 
  this gives some tensions for a few generations , but immigration waves from the past have shown that immigrants will over time be absorbed in to society . 
  the discussion is more of a practical nature : will you allow immigrants from all walks of live into your country , or will you be very selective who get 's in ( the greencard system ) . 
  there is a lot of discussion going on among people nowadays in many countries about this topic .
