  you got a serious problem in turkey . 
  it is almost like turkey is made out of two countries : a western part that is modern and european in a sence , and a eastern part that is backwards and conservative . 
  raw herring , eaten with raw onions https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5l_oplg8we, 
  i will visit edinburgh tommorow , will look for a fried marsbar there :d, 
  here in the netherlands , the system works . 
  in some other north western european countries too . 
  that 's what reddit is for , you can open up to others without being afraid of being recognized . 
  your secrets are safe here with the millions of reddit users . 
  in the netherlands , it is true though . 
  poor people recieve benefits , payed for by taxmoney . 
  that is why taxation is such a great system . 
  more tax will lead to more happy people , 
  thanks for the info . 
  this little conversation brought me a bit closer to you , you opened up for me ( as difficult as it was ) and i saw the pain and suffering under your facade of a happy and joyfull person . 
  but underneath this all is somebody who is torn apart by pain and rejection , all caused by his civilised neighbour . 
  i hope you will get closer to him and will get on better terms in the near future though . 
  it will take time to heal the emotional wounds and scars , but it 's worth it !, 
  a good neighbour is something to cherish . 
  yes , you should be . 
  that 's not that interresting realy :( maybe some cursing or kicking to your front door ? 
   my neighbour does n't like me ( really ) . 
  i have n't moved away . 
  ok ... that 's interresting . 
  tell me more . 
   i think it 's only he that has a problem , really . 
   ofcourse , we are discussing the swisskebab stuation here . 
   are the downsides of socialism not capitalism no , the capitalist system makes many people poor and just a few rich . 
  with taxation you take money from the wealthy people and give it to the poor people . 
  that is the beauty of taxation  it certainly does n't change society here in the netherlands , but it makes it a bit more egalitarian . 
  poor people who recieve benefits from the government do n't have to live on the streets and rich people are a bit less rich . 
   not the best thing to do . 
  it shows your weakness and unability to cope with problems it is the most rational thing to do . 
  if you are not wanted somewhere , you can fight it . 
  but you wo n't solve anything with it ( you will still be rejected ) and will only result in a difficult , frustrated and stressfull life . 
  the other optoin is to move to a country where people will accept you as a german without the nagative responses . 
  it will result in a happy germanic swisskebab , 
   he was told he 's not a ` real ' german because his dad is of turkish cypriot origin . 
  so he was rejected by his society . 
  he has to move away , otherwise he will have a unhappy and frustrated life ahead of him . 
  not here in the netherlands :( we are living here in a capitalist society where you have to work hard for your money ( thanks to taxation , the ruff edges of this system are taken away ) . 
  also , our society is kind of a conservative one , so it 's not always easy to live your live as you want to live it , mainly in the dutch inlands though . 
  the big cities are a bit more relaxed on social norms . 
   you either are a german citizen or you are n't i agree , in his case his is n't . 
  but he wants to be . 
  so he must move away from any germanic societies and move to a other culture zone . 
   ` the society we are living in ' can not confirm anything no , but it can reject you . 
  it can make your life miserable . 
  do you want that to happen ? 
  you want to be happy and be free to be what you want to be ( in this case a german ) . 
  if that is not possible in the place you are living in right now , just move away to luxemburg , where there is freedom and acceptance , 
  ok , you are not serious anymore :( i see you have no arguments to continue the conversation/discussion, 
   that is frustrated you just want to try to change a whole society and force it to accept swisskebab as the german he is , that must be frustrating . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  i wish swisskebab a happy life , that 's why i proposed him to move to a german-accepting society where he can be free and live his life as a german . 
  i fail to see what 's so frustrating about that ? 
   jesus christ dude , do you really have nothing better to do than insult people when people do n't have arguments anymore in a discussion , they tend to call names and try to move away from the subject , just what you are doing here . 
  please try to stay on topic please . 
   the only people here that ca n't call themselves german that deliberatly live in parallel societies so even with a german passport you are not a german ? 
  that 's kind a a extreme view : / so a german on one of your islands , not integrating with mainland germans , would also not be worthy to be a german ? 
  a german living all of it 's life in berlin without leaving his city/integrating with germans on the countryside , would also not be worthy to be a german ? 
  a german closed off by a fence in the east of germany without any contact/intergration with the western part would also not be worthy to be a german ? 
  you have very scary rightwing views :(, 
   man , you are i sence some frustration here . 
  i do n't deny you are a german at all . 
  but you are not accepted by your own people , you are a castaway , a unwanted person . 
  so to have a nice life , as a german , it is best to move to a country where you are liked and welcomed , for example luxemburg . 
  nothing so frustrating to stay where you are right now and tell everybody you are a german , but in the meanwhile being unhappy :(, 
  you just asume it 's a racist attack , without any evidence . 
  i think something is very wrong with you . 
   what the fuck please stay civilised . 
  yes , your passport confirms your statement . 
  but the society you are living in is not though . 
  maybe it 's better to be a german away from where you are living right now . 
  just go live somewhere you are exepted as a german . 
  ok , i can see you are way too young to be on reddit o_o, 
  well , your passport says yes . 
  the society you are living in says no . 
  again , what is your defenition of `` europe '' ? 
  before anybody here can answer your question , please , provide us with your defenition of what you think is europe . 
  and , how did you do ? 
  did you become a real german at a later age ? 
  you do n't know for sure . 
  it is almost that you hope it is a racist attack o_o you are scary . 
  no idea , did you ask his attackers if they had racist motives ? 
  if not , you also do n't know if it was a racist attack or not o_o, 
  maybe he was just a horrible person , and they kicked him because he was such a horrible person . 
  why should it be because of racism ? 
  i was not refering to asian people , because not all asian people are yellow . 
  i was reffering to yellow people , the yellow race . 
  why do you think asians are all yellow ? 
  that is racist btw . 
  yes , i used yellow people because i was talking about different races o_o i also used black people btw , again because i was talking about a particular race . 
  please be pc when it is relevant o_o, 
  there is almost no racism here in almelo ( the city in the netherlands where i live ) , and yes , we have black and yellow people here too . 
  but there is some cultural discrimination . 
  some people with a cultural background different from the etnic dutch people are seen as second rate people . 
  people who are recognizable as ( for example ) turkish , morrocan or polish , and it does n't matter if they have a dutch passport or not . 
  these comes to mind : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apbmyxcyfvi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hlb7eyzmtes https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fc7sdenovk4 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fvesh3duy8s https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4omvzqjhutc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ogbgyo_ufo i think neophyte made some good dutch language songs : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=agb9wwnbre0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bcpiri2bcwi https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1tisltcxxw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxltdz10ori https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ruzzde8lvw8 and ofcourse these songs ( back to my youth sentimental thing ) from the euromasters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq1jok2g7te https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9_qdhfpgtu https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vch1hkusyq, 
  and your username is factsdomatter o_o, 
  in the netherlands , you are free to say what you think , as long as you do n't offend other people/cultures/religions or the king ( in a realy nasty way ) .
