  you are functioning in a social envirement . 
  in this social envirement , you automatically come into contact with local inhabitants . 
  it depends on how that interaction works out between you and them . 
  if you share some common interrests , it can be the basis of a longer , more deeper contact between both parties involved . 
  a few rules to make interaction smoother : do n't be a dick do n't be judgemental be open for new ideas and concepts be friendly be honoust do n't be a dick, 
  it first started with a big fat political idea right after wwii : `` never a war again between european nations '' . 
  they thought hard on this and came up with a solution : what if we make sure no country can ever again have a war economy on it 's own , what if we share the markets of coals and steel ( in that time , the two major resources for building armies ) . 
  so they created the european coal and steel community ( that later evolved into the eu ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community tldr : it started political , but evolved into a much broader , more economic cooperation , the eu that is why the uk brexit vote was so devistating : with leaving the eu , they betrayed the dream of `` never a war again between european nations '' by a shared economy . 
  the uk are traitors to the ecsc dream :(, 
  other countries too , you do n't have to visit the netherlands for that o_o, 
  defenately the netherlands . 
  it has a artificial and homogenous landscape of polders . 
  also , the landscape is dotted with villages and towns/cities , very boring . 
  also the climate is almost the same throughout the country and it is very flat almost everywhere . 
  also it is not realy a country suited for hiking , there are waterways , canals , didges everywhere . 
  it is a country that is best not visited at all . 
   therefore by ` murica rules , he 's german outside of the us , people will think you are utterly mad , so please keep this rule within the us and do n't tell it to a foreigner , ever . 
   other than your own first and foremost , the netherlands is defenately not the most beautifull countrie on the continent of europe . 
  why are you assuming that i am a nationalist ? 
  i find this very offensive realy :( i think southern england was very beautiful ( kent region ) . 
  but that is my own opinion , other people will have other ideas about this . 
  it is very personal . 
  my defenitions : globalism : looking beyond the borders of your country , looking at things on a wordly scale . 
  to understand that things happening elsewhere in the world will have a impact on the netherlands and me as well . 
  likewise , i am actively trying to interact and understand the world outside of the netherlands , looking beyond it 's borders and trying to have a open mind when i interact with foreign people . 
  globalization : the phenomenon that money and people can move unhindered by borders and barriers to any place in the world where they can make the most profit , basically capitalism on a wordwide scale . 
  it has good and bad sides to it : what 's good is that money can come to the netherlands and can bring tax opportunaties and high-skilled foreign workers to my country . 
  bad side to this is that at the same time , money is leaving the netherlands to places where this money can be invested more profitly , leaving behing closed factories and low skilled workers without job opportunaties . 
  i think economy must be used to serve your society , not the other way around . 
  so we should ( in the netherlands ) try to get as much free floating money and skilled immigrants inside our country as possible . 
  they get us a lot of tax euro 's . 
  on the same moment , we should try to stop the outflow of money ( now invested in low skilled factories and low skilled factory jobs ) to prevent a enormous class of unemployed low educated people in the netherlands . 
  you could do that with subsidizing parts of your economy or/and with tarrifwalls to protect certain parts of your economy . 
  globalization should be used to better your society , it 's not a goal on itself . 
  it 's worldwide capitalism , very scary on itself , but handled with care and using only the bits that bennefits your society , it can be a good thing . 
  not dutch , that 's for sure !, 
  have you any grasp of how countries outside of the us are functioning ? 
  please go read some wikipedia pages on some western countries , you will be blown away by all the new ideas and information you will gain in this proces . 
  sorry , i was wrong . 
  please be more in depth with the background story next time , it painted a picture of a lazy ignorant immigrant who was not integrated into portuguese society . 
  are you the same person who wanted to import a car from portugal into germany btw ? 
   that 's kind of a rude comment to make . 
  yes , but fair and factual though . 
   banks in portugal , but since i do n't speak portuguese you live in portugal , but did n't bother to learn portuguese ? 
  and complaining it 's hard to function/live there : / time to go back to australia and never leave that country again . 
  you do n't have the skills to be a succesfull immigrant :( i am sure your boyfriend will be better prepared for his immigration to australia and has learned the english language . 
   australian bank account as i am from there , but i think transferring his eur to my account might be more expensive than having a travel card ? 
  can anyone recommend a bank/card ? 
  we would prefer not to carry only cash . 
  thanks for any suggestions !, 
  so if i am right you are too lazy to look this up yourself ? 
  i do n't think anything is lost for portugal with you leaving that country :(, 
  yes , but you are speaking now of germanic culture . 
  op was speaking of the country us , not the us culture . 
  a uncle of me has a holliday cottage 100 meters from the sea . 
  but that is not common at all , these cottages can cost almost as much as a normal house :(, 
  but trump is a american o_o as far as i know he is not a german or does he or his parents have ever lived in germany . 
  are you serious or trolling ? 
  pepsi max costs here 1,63 euro . 
  but beware !, 
  in the netherlands we have 1,5 liter bottles . 
  i live in a city of around 70.000 inhabitants ( almelo , the netherlands ) and have found out during the many years i live there that in the city of almelo there is a difference in upbringing . 
  people who grew up in poor neighbourhoods with parents who were not well educated tend to have rather conservative outlook on society , while people who grew up in a more wealthy envirement tend to be more open to the world , relaxed attitude towards different groups in society . 
  the difference between the dutch countryside and the cities tend not to be a divide between liberal ( right ) or ultra christians ( ultra right ) , like in the us , but more a divide between social democrats ( left ) and liberals ( right ) . 
  you can see that on this voting map of the netherlands . 
  http://www.maurice.nl/beheer/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/2010-20124.png red = social democrats ( left ) blue = liberals ( right ) sidenote - we have a direct voting system in the netherlands , so your vote is always represented in parlement . 
  so a blue tile does n't mean all the votes from that area did go to one party . 
  just the party with the most votes was represented in this map . 
  it is not like the us and uk the winner takes all system , where your vote as a citizen can be ignored and rendered useless o_o, 
  i work on a school in the netherlands , and out of the 500 or so students that we have , only 3 have brightly coloured hair . 
  they stick out but nobody has any problems with it . 
  it 's their personal choice . 
  it is not seen as something negative , just something different , that 's all . 
  i think this will be somewhat the same in germany as well . 
  but this is in a city . 
  i am sure old people on the countryside will view it as odd , a bit negative . 
  but that is the same as in the us i gues . 
  tldr : you will not be burned alive on a stake at a village square for having brightly coloured hair o_o, 
  250 years is n't young o_o germany and italy are much younger countries . 
  i live in almelo , the netherlands . 
  my house is now 8 years old . 
  but a street away the houses are about 90 years old , 2 streets away is the oldtown where houses are several centuries old . 
  i live in almelo , the netherlands https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncodnch3uia https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hhpfjsjtx-e https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n76_pcelbra https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=76bjwl1bptw, 
  i hate nationalism , a anthem is a vital part of nationalism :(, 
  yes , it is . 
  and i was stereotyping too . 
  but those people are realy confirming those stereotypes over and over again :(, 
  yes , i also know some people who only use dutch facebook , dutch newssite 's and e-mail only in dutch . 
  those people tend to be lower educated and do n't have much interrest about the world outside of their own region , friends/family group . 
  the people who go on vacation with a caravan and live in crappy neighbourhoods ( `` volkswijken '' in dutch ) . 
  in the us , they would be the `` fly-over area inhabitants , trump voters '' . 
  dutch is a language only spoken in a few countries ( belgium , suriname and the netherlands ) so if i want to get connected to the world , it will not be possible with dutch . 
  i need a sort of common language that is shared with almost all other people on the internet so we could all interact with eachother , a lingua franca . 
  during history , some languages where used for this purpose , nowadays it 's english . 
  but beware , using english to interact with foreign people does n't mean we share the values asociated with the anglo-saxon countries . 
  english as a lingua franca is just a tool to communicate between two people foreign to eachother . 
  it 's a tool , nothing more , nothing less . 
  like dutch is a tool for me to communicate with people around me , and german is a language i use to communicate with people from across the border in germany ( i live near the german border in almelo , the netherlands ) . 
  bassicaly , language is just a communication tool , the content is what 's count not the means in which it is brought to you . 
  so for every different situation , i have a different language tool in my language toolbox .
