   did you just wake up one day with a different balance after an exchange or did you physically have to withdraw and exchange your savings etc ? 
  here in the netherlands , the first option happened . 
  it was all converted automatically . 
  my savings became euro 's , my salary was suddenly in euro 's . 
  the money out of the atm where euro 's . 
  the main problem was getting used to euro prices in the supermarket . 
  it took me a whole month to get used to europrices ( that is because i am old and then it 's not that easy anymore to learn new things ) . 
  better avoid the netherlands , it 's safer that way . 
   yes , they live in the us and will move to portgual . 
  they do n't live in portugal ... yet ... but ... . soon ... ... and they will need a car ... ... and insurance ... ... 
   and driving to portugal where i will live, 
  so you can spot the bikelane . 
  because before you enter a other country , you prepare yourself by getting to know basic rules and regulations of that country . 
  you are a guest there , behave like one . 
  please look at the picture i posted earlier . 
  hmm , basicaly like every student university mess anywhere . 
  fun to know slovenia has it too . 
   uh , on that picture there is absolutely nothing ( other than the cyclist ) indicating which is which bikelane = red sidewalk = grey you must be colourblind to not note the difference o_o, 
   luckily , people typically only get it wrong once . 
  the near death experience that follows tends to drive home the lesson  ) for the bikelanewalkers , it 's just a one time only experience , for the people cycling there , it is a re-occuring occurance :(, 
  please , do tell us more about these ( sometimes ) free meals o_o this is so very uniquely slovenian , i ca n't imagine this in a other country !, 
  please tell us more about this . 
  you are right !, 
  the no walking sign is barely visible . 
  oh my god !, 
  here in the netherlands , the difference is very clear ( on the picture left hand side is the sidewalk , right hand side is the byciclepath ) http://www.vlinderstrik.net/afbeeldingen/fietstunnel_rodenrijs.jpg, 
  and still never visited germany ? 
  please do , you will be pleased to see that germans are friendly people too !, 
  it is the only proper way to deal with stereotypes : a confrontation with reality . 
  a reality-check , so to say ( or a reality-shock , if your stereotypes where outracious to begin with ) . 
  when you go to a other country , you surely pprepare yourself by getting to know their basic rules and regulations o_o, 
  why do n't you like germans ? 
  they open and friendly . 
  just visit germany and be amazed how stereotypes can be just that , stereotypes o_o, 
  it 's safer that way . 
  yes , they see those big red `` sidewalks '' ( byciclelanes ) and go for a nice walk . 
  then bycicles have to make radical moves to avoid these tourists . 
  we have sidewalks for walking . 
  mission acomplished . 
  the netherlands has no rivals , it is a country , a abstract entity , and as such has no feelings . 
  the netherlands is a open society fully geared towards trade and is a transportation hub for other countries that want to export or import from or to europe . 
  we welcome all that can contribute to our country ( financially or otherwise ) . 
  do n't walk on the bycicle lane . 
  i would say `` here is our wikipage . 
  please read it and hopefully you 'll get intrigued a bit '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/netherlands, 
  ricetable !, 
  it 's a dish many people think it 's just rice with a few sauces and meat/vegatables/egg sidedishes . 
  but it 's so much more , it 's a food orgy in your mouth o_o https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel http://restaurantbali.com/wp-content/uploads/rijsttafell.jpg https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pymhvybu3yq, 
  munster in germany . 
  a small university town that has a beautiful small innercity and great walking lanes where the citywall used to be . 
  a great mix of students and tourists and friendly germans . 
  many places where you can sit down and relax and enjoy a glass of beer and some good food . 
  great for a day away and relax . 
  https://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/munster-een-stad-van-fietsen-55325062.jpg http://www.stadt-muenster.de/english/welcome-to-muenster.html they have also a beautiful christmas market in wintertime http://www.kerstmarkt-duitsland.com/munster https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=csbwlq6ipeg, 
  i like this movie : the bourne identity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bourne_ ( film_series ) #the _ bourne_identity, 
  for your dream to become true , you want to be in norway . 
  but norway does n't want you , so it will always stay a dream , 
  if i am reading this right , you both live ( permanent ) in portugal , but will buy your car in germany . 
  you first will have to import the car into portugal . 
  that means lot of buraucracy you have to deal with , possibly you have to pay taxes for the car first . 
  after it has become a portugeese car with portugeese numberplates , you can insure the car in portugal . 
  then it is incapable of it . 
  although the us has not enough money every year to keep their budgets balanced , so practical they are unable to . 
  the outcome is the same though :(, 
  i do n't hate sport on itself , i just do n't like the olympic games as a event ( see my grevinces in my previous comment ) . 
  i think nobody understands what i try to say . 
  i pointed out before that i see states not as a goal but as a means . 
  i see states as vehicles that are there to create a safe and worry free society in which people do n't have to worry about existancial questions like : how do i get a decent house to live in , do i have food tommorow , can i buy clothes when they are worn down . 
  during the cold war it became clear that the usa could n't provide it 's citizens with these basic needs . 
  the ussr was struggling with it at best , and had to give up it 's competition with the usa because it was on the brink of being unable to provide it 's citizens with food and heat ( it was basicaly bankrupt ) . 
  ofcourse the us is now the only state that can make it 's militairy presence felt around the world ( so called superpower ) , but it is still unable to provide the basic needs for it 's citizens . 
  if a state is not able to provide basic needs for it 's people , it failed to do so . 
  the loosers are the jobless and poor . 
  they have to suffer because the money should be spend on them , not on militairy hardware . 
  i would even go as far as to say that all `` superpowers '' in history were failed states , because they failed to provide basic needs to their own poor . 
  instead it was all spend on armies for the `` greater good of the nation '' i hate nationalism so much :( all the suffering it caused among poor people is horrifying to say the least . 
  non , i watch almost no television ( just the news realy and the tour de france in summertime mainly for the beautiful french landscapes , mountains !!! ) . 
  all the interresting series and documenaries i watch on my pc . 
  the olympics are a vehical for corrupt managers that anables them to fill their pockets with money and for big companies to `` entertain '' us with their ads :( it 's just a reality show , like there are probably so many others on tv nowadays . 
  i realy do n't care if someone has won some medal or that the netherlands were able to get more medals then the previous olympics . 
  there are more interresting things to do  like watching in my reproduction of this atlas ( warning , video contains dutch language ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqauxeu0mn8 http://www.dutchgenealogy.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/wonatlas.jpg, 
  yes , but it was a bit hypocritic of these proto-dutch : they wanted to swap the official ( pressed upon them by the central spanish government ) religion for a other variant of it ( although a large part of the population was catholic ) . 
  it was still a very religious society , they did n't want to get rid of religion , they just wanted a different flavour of it :( the netherlands only got rid of theocratic influences very slowely after the ' 60 's in the 20th century . 
   it comes off as hypocritical i never said that i would be better then religious people o_o i made the argument that nationalism and religion are poison and should be kept out of dutch society . 
  i was talking about nationalism and religion as systems . 
  i never made the point that nationalistic - and religious people on themselves are poison ( some are nice people on themselves ) . 
  i was talking on a national dutch scale , not about induvidual dutch persons . 
  please read carefull before you post a reply o_o, 
   claiming to be better than other people no , i claim to live in a society that will not let it 's democracy be used for nationalistic or religious purposes . 
  please read careful . 
   a massive variety of reasons ofcourse there were other reasons ( massive ammounts of military personel that died in afghanistan , a low support among it 's people for the cold war to continue , a system that was not delivering the wealth it had promised it 's population ) . 
  but it was gorbatjov who ended the competion for the most urgent reason that there was no money anymore to keep the ussr funtioning . 
  that was why i mentioned that the ussr was basicaly bankrupt . 
  it was . 
   which one still exists ? 
  which one is a superpower ? 
  which one does your nation ally itself with ? 
  here we have a massive culture difference . 
  here in the netherlands almost all people think the state is there to help you in live . 
  in the usa most people believe you aere there to serve your country .
