  not realy , those icelandic people where so nationalistic hyped up after defeating england , it was good that they got a `` cold shower '' aginst france . 
  the icelanders were almost forgotten that they let a bunch of bankers take control of their country and let them suck the people 's savings dry . 
  that was embarrasing o_o, 
  those yellow people from asia o_o or , in your pc world : asian-dutch-euro-benelux persons . 
  i 'm not going to discuss this with somebody with two braincells :( you have no arguments only shouting and raving o_o, 
   you are a fucking asshole please stay civilised   a fucking racist nationalism is n't a race o_o  because i 'm a catalan i 'm a dangerous person ? 
  you have nationalistc dreams , that makes you dangerous . 
   to `` retire '' ( ? ), 
  a flag in some countries ( like a flag that touched the ground that 's insane nationalistic and crazy , i ca n't imagine that a sane and rational person would do this o_o, 
  yes , a melting pot would be great , it implies that your country is a homogenous culture in which all differences between cultures are even out . 
  but the reality is that this is a dream , i never seen a example of a meltingpot society . 
  in the netherlands we have many cultures living side by side which means a lot of tensions and problems between them . 
  but that is reality and i have to live with that . 
  why ? 
   my country . 
  catalonia you are a dangerous person with nationalistic dreams . 
  millions of people died in the name of nationalism . 
  be very careful with this - ism !, 
  i do n't think we do that here in the netherlands , but i 'm not completely sure about this . 
  it 's a national italian thing . 
  if italy decides such people can become italian , then they have the right to move freely in the eu , because they are italian o_o, 
  iceland was slaughtered by france , 
  they are seen as dutch people , just as yellow people and white people : all dutch . 
  here in the netherlands , people are not discriminated on bases of race ( racism ) , but on which culture you belong to . 
  for example : a uberwhite polish person is seen here as a secondrate person because he is part of polish culture . 
  a white dutch person who is part of immigrant-turkish culture is also seen as a secondrate person , although he is born and raised in the netherlands and has a dutch passport . 
  in the netherlands we discriminate differently then in the us o_o, 
  france and portugal are both not the netherlands , so i do n't care . 
  ( that was my nationalistic moment of the day ) . 
  the netherlands is obvious not a country fotr you , please go to the uk , they speak english there . 
  ireland is also nice for english speaking people . 
  yes , but the idea is the same : different banknotes will give the imprssion of them belonging to different countries , you will get the british situation . 
   properly written argument getting few obvious attention and the troll getting so much . 
  there is obviously no correlation between quality and upvotes , so do n't take those upvote points seriously . 
  they are just what they appear to be : points given by random people ( or not given ) . . just forget those immaginary internet points and concentrate on the reply or posts themselves and reddit becomes fun again , 
  if you are not educated at a high level , we do not want poor canadians in the netherlands :( please stay poor in your own country or wait in canada for oil prices to rise and you will find a job again in the oil sector . 
  just take a look at the british expierience : scottish pound notes are not eccepted in england and manx pound notes not in the rest of the uk , but they are all the same pounds nontheless . 
  in the netherlands , they came in waves : - first wave was when people started to change from hunter-gatherers into farmers . 
  the netherlands was then a swampy area where sea routinely swallowed land area , and rivers flowed into the sea . 
  it was very furtile land , so the first immigrants ( settlers ) started to make a permanent living in the netherlands . 
  - the second wave were the romans , they came and tranformed the southern half of the netherlands directly into a border area along the rhine ( with many soldiers staying here ) and the start of the villa system ( but those where probably mainly local upper-level people adjusting to roman customs ( they were romanised ) . 
  the northern half of the netherlands stayed out of the immigration zones , but was influenced by roman goods and trade . 
  - third big wave was when the romans retreated and the people of the netherlands almost all left or dissapeared or mixed with the immigrating germanic tribes , which settled in the netherlands and which are for the most part our direct forfathers . 
  they gave our language and traditions ( this started around 500 after 0 ) - forth big wave was during the 17th centuary when the netherlands had a global empire . 
  there were not enough dutch people to act as sailors and soldiers , so many immigrants from the surrounding countries came here to settle down , also many theological refugees came here to avoid prosecution and death in their country of orrigine ( like the french hugonots and the portugeese jews and flemish protestants ) . 
  - fifth wave of immigrants was when we lost the colony of netherlands east indies ( now indonesia ) . 
  many dutch east indies people came to the netherlands , including people from islands that helped the dutch , such as molukan people . 
  - sixth big wave was when the netherlands had a economic boom starting in the late 60 's . 
  many immigrants from portugal and italy , later on from morroco and turkey . 
  - seventh wave came when suriname became independent and a lot of suriname people ( some estamates are half of the population of suriname ) came to the netherlands . 
  there will be a next wave for sure and it wil change the netherlands again o_o, 
  you want useless internet points ? 
  for what ? 
  o_o on my music sub r/acidhouse posts rearly hit the 5 points level . 
  do i care ? 
  nobody cares about those numbers in front of a post . 
  no problem , 
  that 's possible , then the poor people safari is just one awsome trek into the rich countryside of fabulous romania , 
   first determine where you want to go to , then see what is required . 
  what is stupid about this reply : `` first determine where you want to go to , then see what is required . '' ? 
  please explain . 
  romania is a civilised country . 
  the only quirk you realy should experience ( and will , you ca n't avoid it ) is the blatant and chronic poverty . 
  just go on a `` poor people safari '' and realize how lucky you are you are the one with the money o_o it gives a good and satisfying feeling , enjoy it , because in your own country you ca n't see poor people anymore / s, 
  please read this tread again to see that i was refering to the `` irish-genes '' as a idea that borders nazi eugenics . 
  i was not commenting on people themselves . 
  again , please tell me why rational thinking americans are afraid to point out that `` herritage americans '' are saying crazy things . 
  why is this such a taboo in the us ? 
  and now the arguements have stopped and the name-calling has begun o_o please stay on topic . 
  and now you are trying to diverge from the subject of discussion . 
  why do you try to do that ? 
  you are ashamed to discuss a taboo subject ? 
  because that is what it is : rational thinking people in the us are very afraid to point out to those `` herritage americans '' that they are delusional . 
  why is this a taboo in us society ? 
   americans remembering their heritage but they do n't : they ahere born and raised in america and their parents too . 
  they do n't remember anything from the culture of some ancester from long before they were born . 
  but still they do identify with it . 
  that 's very strange on itself , but what is more baffling is , that no other american is pointing this crazy notion out to them . 
  nobody dares to critisize this behaviour . 
  any rationally thinking person would , it 's almost like a taboo in us society . 
  that is what is baffling to me.too . 
   if a group of welsh person goes to another place outside of wales and continues welsh customs , he is still culturally predominantly welsh now you realy sound crazy , i ca n't take you seriously anymore :(, 
   there is n't a pure american culture . 
  there is a vague americanness that is one of many culturally identities we simultaneously identify with at best . 
  now you realy sound crazy , i ca n't take you seriously anymore :(, 
   korean-american  think of it as `` korean-ish '' but again , why this obsession to think you belong to a other culture , while you are a american ? 
   we 're american . 
  we came from immigrants like everywhere in the world . 
   saying it 's nuts for us to have cultural traditions , that 's not a taboo i was not talking about the american culture , i was talking about the identification with other cultures , and the taboo in your society : you talk about it , but nobody dares to say to you it nuts . 
  why is this a taboo ? 
   classes filled entirely with korean-americans where they did korean activities and ate korean food , they are americans eating a americanised version of korean food and doing a sporting activity . 
  you identify this with being a korean ? 
  you are delusional . 
  and again this divergiance from the topic of the herritage taboo . 
  why is this a taboo in your society : you talk about it , but nobody dares to say to you it nuts . 
  are there people who realy do n't want to be a american and pretend to be something else , belonging to some other culture then the us one ? 
   identify culturally along ethnic and regional connections but there are no connections with these cultures : they were born in america , raised in america and their were also . 
  there is no direct connection . 
  how can you then say you are from a other culture then the american one ? 
   no , we discuss heritage freely .
