  no country should be able anymore to establish a wartime economy all by itself . 
  they figured out that the best way to do that would be working together with the production of coals and steel ( the main raw ingredients for the production of war equipment in that time ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community it was a succes and the cooperation was extended towards economic cooperation , the european union , in which countries work together https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union where it 's going to , nobody knows , nobody is able to look into the future . 
  the eu is so vast and with so many different countries that have all their own ideas and inputs , and a changing world outside the eu that will have it 's impact on it 's future , nobody has a clear grasp on the entirety of it all . 
  people who claim to know what direction it is heading to are 1 ) stupid or 2 ) idealists one thing is sure though , whatever way it will develope itself into , it will always be a compromise between a lot of different countries . 
  i use google and for all i know it 's sending me all the time to google.nl here in the netherlands . 
  is there a big difference between the . com and . nl version ? 
  not realy here in the netherlands , they stay a frainge kind of thing . 
  but they have become more active with demonstartions and media attention . 
  pegida tried to establish itself here in the netherlands , but it has not succeeded with that . 
  after wwi and wwii , i think nationalist based groups will always stay a very small phenomena here in north western europe , the same goes for far left groups after the communist experiment in the ussr and eastern europe . 
  nationalism in general is looked at rather badly here in western europe , it has a totally different place in society here then in , for example , the us or canada or brazil or china or ethiopia . 
  in western europe , it has been caged and is only allowed in very specific , controlled , moments . 
  a bit like what happened with religion here , 
  the netherlands is a highly urbanised country , we do n't have real nature on land here , only `` nature parks '' . 
  there are no real deadly animals here on land . 
  the deadliest must be dogs , like a pitbull . 
  dogs that are not kept on a line by the owner and can attack other people . 
  http://science-all.com/images/wallpapers/pitbull-wallpapers/pitbull-wallpapers-11.jpg we do have some nasty animals in the sea , but they do n't come into contact with people realy . 
  i think you have a very limited worldview , due to the `` english language bubble '' . 
  please try to learn a other language ( german , french , spanish are some examples ) and enter their media and liturature . 
  your worldview will change dramaticaly , and suddenly it will become clear to you that every situation , every newsstory , every incident has not one truth to it ( the anglo saxon one in your case ) but has many angles to it , and every one of these angles are as good as one another . 
  the world is not black and white , but a lot of grey o_o the more viewpoints and angles you get to know about something particular , the more you understand the world is too complicated to understand . 
  but you can only achieve this by getting information from foreign media . 
  get out of your anglo-saxon bubble !, 
   you 're programmed to hate others huh , why would i hate other people ? 
  the english language bubble is a phenomena that occurs in the anglo-saxon world : english is the linguaga franca of today , so native english speakers are not pushed to learn a second or third language . 
  most people in the us , australia , new zealand , uk only have a good grasp on english . 
  that means that their worldview is very narrow and limited , to the extend that they only watch and read national media . 
  this gives them a very one-sided and one dimensional view on the events occuring in the world . 
   and the fucker please stay civilised . 
   picks 3 european as if the rest of the world does n't exist i said these three languages ( spanish , german , french ) are examples , because they are more close to english then say chinese or bantu . 
  they are easier to learn for a native english speaker . 
   and in your world , europeans  everyone else . 
  when you have broaden your worldview , and have got acces to foreign media , you will see that people in the netherlands have a balanced view on us society as a whole , with it 'd flows but also with it 's good things . 
  like i said before , almost no things are black and white , but they are a vast grey area with many viewpoints from different cultures and societies , each with their own values and norms . 
  here in the netherlands , it is very important to have a good grasp of the surrounding languages . 
  dutch is only spoken in europe in the netherlands and in the northern part of belgium , outside of this area it is useless . 
  so for economical and touristy reasons , we have to learn to speak and write our surrounding languages ( french , german and english ) . 
  literature is a integral part of that . 
  i think you have a very limited worldview , due to the `` english language bubble '' . 
  please try to learn a other language ( german , french , spanish are some examples ) and enter their media and liturature . 
  your worldview will change dramaticaly , and suddenly it will become clear to you that every situation , every newsstory , every incident has not one truth to it ( the anglo saxon one in your case ) but has many angles to it , and every one of these angles are as good as one another . 
  the world is not black and white , but a lot of grey o_o the more viewpoints and angles you get to know about something particular , the more you understand the world is too complicated to understand . 
  but you can only achieve this by getting information from foreign media . 
  get out of your anglo-saxon bubble !, 
  here in the netherlands , we have some conservative christians in a area that stretches from roughly the south west of the country to the north east , it 's our bible belt : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands ) also , there are conservative pockets of islam and some other beliefs in the dutch urban areas . 
  local example : i live in the almelo , a city in the east of the netherlands . 
  15 kolometers from almelo , there is a village full of conservative christians ( rijssen ) . 
  and in almelo we have some very conservative ( almost scary ) islam people from turkey , and some conservative ( almost scary ) christians from armenia :(, 
  i know them as indians and they were the people the spanish and portugeese encountered when they first set foot in south and north america . 
  they were first choice for slave ; abor , but were fragile and died rather soon , so they had to get slaves from further away ( western africa ) . 
  they came from siberia , but it is still unclear when and how ( did they come over land via a landbridge , or did they came via boats ) . 
  as soon as they arrived in north and south america , they began to change their surroundings : slash and burn fields for crops , hunting animals on a big scale , removing forrests , building hughe urban centers , etc. 
  a very clear example of this was mexico city , build on islands in a lake . 
  i know they died in hughe numbers because the spanish and the portugeese brought desease and alcohol with them and introduced that to the indians . 
  some indian cultures had addapted to the new rulers and this new hibrid culture survived in some far away places , mostly in south america . 
  the indians from before columbus and their cultures are all long gone , died out realy fast after their first contact with the spanish and the portugeese . 
  only those who mixed with them and addapted their culture had a slight chance to survive marginally . 
  indians today are a pitty people , most of them are very poor and alcoholism is widespread and live in a conservative society desperate to cling on to the remnants of what once was . 
  they live mostly in far away mountainous areas ( western south america ) , rainforrests ( eastern and northern south america , southern north america ) or in arid ghetto 's ( middle and northern north america ) . 
  as soon as they are engulfed by modernity , their poor and conservative societies are facing a dire problem : adapt or dissapear o_o but on school , we learned not much about them . 
  they are not important in our history . 
  i think i encountered them first in books called arendsoog ( eagle eye ) ( warning : dutch language ) https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/arendsoog_ ( kinderboekenserie ), 
  kids play with balls and trowing things towards eachother o_o that can be done with sporting activites during schooltime , or in freetime when they are playing with eatchother outside : trefbal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uzldea2husc korfbal https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ssmm0keawka stoepranden https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvffptmtxyi learning it on a very young age https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=elxhmguo8wc, 
  tried it ( in the south of the uk , not the north ) but did n't like it at all . 
  just a fizzy drink :(, 
  curacao or aruba . 
  north america i would avoid : terrible social economic conditions there ( live to work mentality ) . 
  maybe saint pierre and miquelon , as it is french and has it 's social systems . 
  but i would rather not move anywhere outside of north-western europe ( belgium , luxemburg , germany , sweden , finland , denmark , norway ) . 
  averages for amsterdam during a one years period https://weather-and-climate.com/average-monthly-rainfall-temperature-sunshine,amsterdam,netherlands the netherlands is so small that there are no big temperature differences on average . 
  when i visit germany , i always go to a supermarket to buy this ( or mezzo mix ) http://i.imgur.com/jlofloj.jpg, 
  but reddit is a international site , so celsius is the norm . 
  in the netherlands : dutch lessons : dutch writers or foreign writers living in the netherlands , ofcourse the books must be of a certain level/standard . 
  students can choose their own books . 
  german lessons : german language authors , can be writers from all over the germanic culture realm , ofcourse the books must be of a certain level/standard . 
  students can choose their own books . 
  english lessons : english language authors , can be writers from all over the anglo-saxon culture realm , ofcourse the books must be of a certain level/standard . 
  students can choose their own books . 
  french lessons : french language authors , can be writers from all over the francophone culture realm , ofcourse the books must be of a certain level/standard . 
  students can choose their own books . 
  for spanish lessons , i am not sure . 
  spanish is not a forced lesson on dutch schools , but you can choose it sometimes . 
  almost all of these books will be literature . 
  we will be there just fo the touristy things . 
  the busier it gets , the more pubs we have to visit to get away from it all , 
  thanks !, 
  i will be in edinburgh in a few weeks time . 
  very handy ( also buienradar ) . 
  he he , you forgot the / s !, 
  averages for amsterdam during a one years period https://weather-and-climate.com/average-monthly-rainfall-temperature-sunshine,amsterdam,netherlands, 
   i 'm american so i still need to use fahrenheit for temperature to make sense . 
  the rest of the world uses celsius , so please try to make sence and use celsius instead . 
  averages for amsterdam during a one years period https://weather-and-climate.com/average-monthly-rainfall-temperature-sunshine,amsterdam,netherlands, 
  my breakfast usually consits of a slice of bread , a slice of cheese on that http://images.nrc.nl/-wud2hua2vqt4ff8kuho5kzcij8=/1280x/s3/static.nrc.nl/spoetnik/files/2014/06/kaas.jpg and a glass of orange juice http://previews.123rf.com/images/epantha/epantha0905/epantha090500033/4929224-glass-of-orange-juice-isolated-on-white-stock-photo.jpg, 
  fun question !, 
  i am not realy a singer in the shower , i am more the dancing type  i do n't have realy a particular song i put on when i am going under the shower , but it needs something to get awake by , to get some energy from . 
  here are some songs i listen currently to under the shower : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtmqmy5oxke https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az1e2xvjabq https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x-ydndlfpkk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kefewo7yjgk https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yndc7s4otcc https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebjvn98u7ws lately i am also showerdancing to perfume ( a japanese songgroup ) or some mixes ( mostly acid/hardcore ) . 
  it get 's me awake and ready for the day !,
