  tldr : dutch houses are all alike , tiny but very modern and well build . 
  also our gardens are rather small ( compared to the us ) . 
  that was not my point o_o, 
  french is good for immigrating to france , german is good for immigrating to germany , x language is good for immigrating to x country . 
  first determine where you want to go to , then see what is required . 
  that was not my point o_o, 
   popular on the continent  back from a trip to italy so basically italy is the same as the whole continent of europe o_o, 
  there s no easy reading about the inner workings about the eu . 
  it is a vastly difficult moloch . 
  i was taking a look at the eu bookshop link from r/europe and saw this section of easy reading : http://bookshop.europa.eu/en/bundles/easy-reading-about-the-eu-cbj5eep2ixilaaaaeuifphs1kn/;pgid=iq1ekni0.1lsr0ook4myco9b0000nhtyy9-m;sid=hcocxhmjf4icxu7ah_ccyxugghcafr5wgxa= i will look into it myself , so i am better informed about the eu o_o, 
  kroket and frikandel http://www.amsterdam-2-go.com/images/friket.jpg, 
  is this post deleted ? 
   perception of wealth that was their main drive to emigrate to the us . 
  when their children became americans and grew up in the us , i 'm sure they loved the us , but so do most americans . 
  i still have no idea why people from italy , poland or sweden would love the us so much ? 
  i never hear anything from these countries that would hint towards that . 
   many of these countries on that research have had significant numbers of emigrants to the us following ww2 those people migrated out of poverty , not out of `` love for the us '' . 
  if `` love for the us '' would be such a big thing in those countries , why did the migration towards the us out of these countries went down in numbers so much after the living standards in these countries went up ? 
  they only went there , bacause there was no future in their countries of origin . 
  the same with south - and middle americans today who are trying to live in the usa . 
  they go for the money . 
   why do poland , sweden and italy love america so much ? 
  please be more clear about your question . 
   the eu as an `` international union of states '' . 
  on some areas , there are already some degrees of cooperation : nato , ttip ( they are working on this ) , eea ( enviremental ) , udpa ( cybercrime ) . 
  but i think the us is too different from the eu to join the eu ( see other treads here in this post ) . 
   its a nice highlight on the differences between the eu and the usa on a economic , political and social level . 
  that would have been a much more appropiate titel for this post . 
  and indeed , a discission on the differences between the eu and the usa on a economic , political and social level is interresting , 
  i 'm having the idea you want a bitesize answer for a very complecated matter that takes a membership country years to acomplish with backup help from lot 's of eu civil servants and lawyers . 
  this is no easy matter whatso ever . 
  i do n't think this very over simplified discussion here in this tread does any justice to the complexity of the subject o_o, 
  the rules are called the copenhagen criteria https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria unfortunately i am not familiar enough with usa rules/regulations/laws to determine which of the copenhagen criteria will be a problem for your country to meet . 
  there is a complete rulebook that membership countries have to implement before they become a member . 
  thousands and thousands of rules and standards , too much to name them all . 
   you being an asshole to everyone you talk to you are the one using rude words , almost all of the time a sign they run out of arguments o_o, 
   you are right that this `` citizenship '' it not comparable to a traditional citizenship of a state , because it is not a stand-alone status -- it is a derivate of the `` actual citizenship '' of a member state, 
   yes that is a prerequisite, 
  i do n't agree witht his defenition : you debate with a other person , you try to harm a opponent . 
  but that is my personal interpretation ofcourse . 
  it says a lot about you that you see me as a `` opponent '' . 
  why are you so hostile ? 
  no it 's not , because you first need a citizenship from a eu country . 
  o_o that only proves my point . 
   no reason to degrade us citizens i am not , but many of times they are the ones who have no clue of how the eu works . 
   opponents o_o i am discussing with you , not fithing/killing you !, 
  yes o_o, 
  uhm , that just proves my point o_o, 
  i write this because you have no clue what the eu is , and sounds like you are projecting the eu situation on the us . 
  are you american ? 
  but it is true , you are not a citizen of the eu itself , but of a country that is a member of the eu . 
  are you american maybe ? 
  it 's called eu citizenship , but you get them trough a real citizenship of your country o_o there is no country called eu . 
  are you american ? 
  no you are wrong . 
  you are a citizen of a country in the eu , that makes you have some rights . 
  i have this strange uberhuman power to look into the future , and i see happy welsh people o_o, 
   her keeping her eu citizenship on a sidenote : there is no such thing as a eu citizenship . 
  you can become a citizen of a country , such as romania or hungaria . 
  trough such a country yoiu can be a citizen from within the eu zone . 
  the eu is just a club of countries working together . 
  what i said was correct , only in a different way . 
  for you , that 's the worst kind of criminal , for somebody else , it 's someting else entirely . 
  then you are a `` 6 out of 10 '' person o_o, 
  there young , the `` holland '' desease has no age boundaries o_o, 
  it could be , why not . 
  the ones that first rape a child and then kill it , or the people who steal from public funds , or ... it is different from person to person , depends on who you ask . 
  i gues the same is the case in the usa o_o, 
  then it is still possible , via your way o_o, 
  never met them . 
  no opinion realy , never had any interaction with us military people here in the netherlands . 
  i do n't know if any are stationed in my country : / i realy do n't care if they are here or not . 
   lol what . 
  when ? 
  when i stay with my brother in amsterdam o_o, 
   except maybe when proposed by parliament so it 's true all along . 
  til o_o, 
  here in the netherlands , the police is your best friend https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9d2ykrvwevk o_o, 
  our central bureau of statistics ( cbs ) says this ( warning : dutch language ) https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2013/38/ruim-6-op-de-10-mensen-dragen-een-bril-of-contactlenzen 6 out of 10 people wear glasses or contactlenses in the netherlands . 
  how many of them wear contactlenses is not specified though :(, 
   it 's used that way both by foreigners and dutchmen absolutely not , you are full of shit here : only randstad people use it , because they are very self-centered people , forgetting that the netherlands is bigger then the randstad . 
  racism against polish people ? 
  but they are very white . 
  i ca n't imagina any racism against them.they are more caucasian then any people in europe i gues . 
  same here in the netherlands . 
  you could have a referendum here in the netherlands , you need a x-amount of signatures to make it possible . 
  but the referendum will be non binding , so the government will never allow a break with the eu . 
  it is obvious why : the netherlands is distribution hub and a gateway into and out of north west europe . 
  it would be economical suicide to leave the eu , we are so economicaly tied to our surounding countries , you ca n't see the netherlands as a stand alone economy realy . 
  we also lack a big internal market ( altough we have 17 million inhabitants ) . 
  the only way the netherlands would leave the eu would be if germany would leave , we would follow where germany would be heading to . 
  i live in almelo , in the east of the netherlands , very far away from the provinces of north - and south holland on the other side of the country . 
  nobody says `` holland '' here , only '' the netherlands '' . 
  holland is used by the people in the west . 
  they are a bit self-centered ( a nice word for arrogant ) and think outside of their area nothing is important in the netherlands . 
  when i stay with my brother in amsterdam , i hear them say holland instead of the netherlands a lot o_o i always correct them though . 
   i 'm confused as to what the benefit of the eu is in regards to european member nations after wwi and wwii , people in europe wanted to end war on the continent , `` never war again '' . 
  to make this possible , 6 countries ( france , belgium , germany , luxemburg , the netherlands and italy ) formed a pact to integrate their production of coal and steel ( in the day , those two were needed for a war-economy ) . 
  they wanted to make sure that no country could wage a war on it 's own again https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community from that time on , they created the eu , with it 's ever closer economic and political integration . 
  also it kept expanding with more and more ( poor ) eastern european countries .
