  it could be , ` i 'm not sure what kind of romanians it are . 
  but everyone with a romianian passport living in romania is a romanian i gues . 
  but nowhere is there any mention of gypsies or roma 's . 
  all the newsstories are talking about are `` romanians '' . 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i have heared about romanians though . 
   collected when reported , rather than once convicted . 
  even if the charge is later changed or dropped , it remains in the statistics . 
  `` well , there 's your problem , right there '', 
  lol :d, 
  thanks !, 
  i wondered it myself sometimes if in other eu countries the situation would be the same as here in the netherlands . 
  from personal experience : i live in almelo a city of 70.000 people . 
  the refugee camp here is a kolometer from my house . 
  everyday these refugees walk near my house when they go to the city center . 
  i never had any problems with them realy . 
  o7 at your service , 
  in the netherlands , there are different catagories of people with different issues attached to them : - refugees that have n't been processed yet : they live in camps with lot 's of different cultures and traumatised people . 
  they do sometimes fight among eachother , but no real increase in crime . 
  - refugees that have been processed but have been turned down for asylum : they mostly dissapear into society as illegal persons . 
  they keep to themselves mostly off-radar because they are afraid that after contact with the police , they could be deported . 
  a bit more crime here , but nothing you will notice as a avarage dutch person . 
  - legal immigrants : they come mostly from eastern european eu countries were the living standards are a lot lower then in the netherlands . 
  they are the ones that cause for some noticable problems . 
  gangs of criminals from these countries have now free access to the netherlands . 
  they do a lot of burgelary and robbery and after a few weeks/months return home . 
  ofcourse that is a tiny minority , the vast majority of legal immagrants are hard working people . 
  - illegal immigrants : they come here to work and earn money to send home . 
  they keep to themselves mostly off-radar because they are afraid that after contact with the police , they could be deported . 
  a bit more crime here , but nothing you will notice as a avarage dutch person . 
  you see , lot 's of different persons with different intentions . 
  one thing they have in common is that they are realy difficult to keep track off . 
  so finding data for these catagories of people in the netherlands will be very difficult . 
  and when you find some data , be aware that almost certainly it will not be factual data , but aproximate numbers ( so instead of 12.834 you will get rounded numbers like 12.000 or 13.000 , always be careful and sceptical about rounded numbers ! ) . 
  but overall crime rates plumeted in the netherlands in 2015 ( compared to 2014 ) with 5 % , that includes all types of crime . 
  it was measured by the central bureau of statistics : ( warning dutch language ) https://www.cbs.nl/nl-nl/nieuws/2016/11/geregistreerde-criminaliteit-daalt-met-5-procent also we had to close some jails , because of the lack of prisinors : http://qz.com/644914/the-netherlands-keeps-having-to-close-its-prisons-due-to-lack-of-prisoners/ so overall , it 's going steadily great : there is less and less crime in the netherlands o_o, 
  but 1579 and 1672 are real keydates , maybe also 1848, 
  www.marktplaats.nl the place where old grannies who drive only on sunday 's sell their cars for far too low prices , 
  no problem , that 's what warnings are for , 
  here in the netherlands you can keep animals in your backyard , but because we are a very urbanised , densely populated country , you have to make sure that your neighbours have no problems with your animals . 
  there is a whole tv-show devoted to neighbour problems here in the netherlands : the driving judge . 
  some of the cases he handles are about animals in backyards that causes problems with the neighbours : ( warning : dutch language ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuohqolo4km, 
  i like canada for what they did ( getting the germans out of almelo ( the city i live in the netherlands ) . 
  here is a memorial on the exact place where two canadian soldiers were shot dead on the street by reteating german troops : http://blogimages.bloggen.be/gerard1931/305659-ee5746a20c5f2ddfd82b731a1c4e0d95.jpg it is 100 meters from where i live o_o but that 's a long time ago . 
  nowadays , they are almost as nationalistic as the americans are and i find them very selfish , very focussed on making money . 
  i also do n't like their society where you have to work hard and if you ( for whatever reason ) ca n't work , you are going to have a realy hard time , because society is not there to support the poor and needy in such a way that they have a strugglefree life worth living . 
  i would never want to live there and be part of such a culture/society :(, 
  thanks for the wikilink . 
  now i know why i was not sure : some of it is in france . 
  a bit of the same as flanders : it 's now mainly in belgium , but some parts are in the netherlands and france . 
  the basque region . 
  we do that also all the time , but some more significant things happened at the 2 dates . 
  was n't that in spain ? 
  bookmarked !, 
  we did that probably during those years , but the dates have a other significant meaning . 
   greece to have sanctions on russia because they annexed some territory in ukraine , but the eu will not impose sanctions on turkey for occupying an eu member state , cyprus those two matters are different : ukraine is not important , it 's just that russia has conquered what ( is in eu idea ) not russian soil . 
  the eu is afraid that russia will not stop with the crimea , but will go on to retake the baltic states and , later on , poland . 
  to avoid a military confrontation with russia , santions are a good way to give a signal to russia . 
  cyprus : there were always tensions between the turkish and greece populations on cyprus . 
  when a greek coup took place , turkey took action . 
  it ended in the divide of the country in 2 parts : a greek and a turkish part . 
  they are still divided by a military force to keep them separated . 
  the situation has now calmed down and is livable : sanctions could make the violence come back . 
  nobody wants that . 
  watched too much fox news lately ? 
   just rain constantly ... do things stop ? 
  yes , when the rain comes pooring down on europe , everything grinds to a hold continent wide . 
  get prepared for a lot of days indoors , outside will be almost empty streets and parks , because allmost all people will try to shelter from the rain . 
  also almost every shop will be closed during rainy days , because of lack of custoumers :( it 's better to cancel your trip untill the weather improves , and europe will immurse again from those dreadful and dark days filled with rain and depression . 
  for the netherlands : 1579 very important year : 1672 !, 
  i was refering to our culture as a whole . 
  the netherlands is not realy a `` nickname '' country . 
  both countries are very open to foreigners and have a good education system . 
  costs of living are high , both in germany and the netherlands , but i know that in berlin costs are less high then in other parts of germany . 
  in the netherlands , costs of living are the highest in the western part of the country . 
  in both countries , english is spoken and understood by almost everybody , but beware : if you realy would like to be part of society you have to learn the language of the country ( but that is obvious ofcourse ) . 
  no , not at all , no sarcasm . 
   anti eu referendum result no , we did n't . 
  we had a referendum about a association agreement between the eu and ukraine . 
  the major factor in this was the lack of actual facts about this agreement . 
  nobody realy knew what it meant . 
  that is what i was saying in my earlier comment : the lack of information and acurate newscoverage makes it almost impossible to know what rules are implemented by the eu . 
  i realy have never heared people discussing anything factual about eu laws or regulations . 
   expressing an opinion that 's extremely prevalent in dutch media and society no : in dutch media , it is the lack of news about the eu that is prevalent . 
  the media is not biased towards one or a other side , there is no news to be biased about . 
  also in society , there is no real clear one opinion . 
  because there is not much coverage of the eu news , and people do n't have knowledge what 's happening in eu politics , you tend to see a lot of people having only a opinion that is extreme : yes or no to the eu . 
  on the one side , there are the underclass people who have a lack of money and uppertunaty , and blame it on `` foreigners '' , they tend to be against the eu . 
  on the other hand , there is the upperclass , they mostly earn their money in companies and governmental agencies that operate on a global level , they tend to be happy with the eu . 
  the middle class tends to be pro eu , but some of them do n't know if they want to give more power to the eu or not . 
  and that is what you see mostly in the media : not factual news about things happening `` in brussels '' , but if we must give more power to the eu or not . 
  but it is all about `` gutfeelings '' , not based on any data . 
  tldr : there is no real debate here in the netherlands about the eu , because lack of proper coverage by the media . 
  instead , there are people expressing their `` gutfeelings '' . 
  no not realy . 
  here in the netherlands , the eu ( and it 's rules ) are a given fact , not realy questioned . 
  i think that 's because there is almost no coverage of eu politics here in the news and newspapers . 
  only when something dramatic is going on , it will be headline news , otherwise the media stays silent about what is happening on the eu level :( so people are not complaining about other countries not following the rules , because most people are not aware of the rules in the first place . 
  i have found the newschannel `` euronews '' the best source for eu news ( and they have her as one of the presenters : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9dv_p53f-zq , 
  ok , you just went from weird to insane o_o,
