the swiss have made the decision to work hard and have almost no vacation at all . 
  so over a year , they recieve a lot more wages , but at the cost of being work-zombies . 
  it 's a independant country , but not a recognized independant country . 
  i ca n't take you serious anymore :(, 
  then try to think about what you read before you reply and react ~ ~ like a mindless butt-hurt person ~ ~ slightly egitated : /, 
   i can believe that , it only surprises me that somebody would make a post about it  please , next time you reply , try to read the thread first : /, 
  i can believe that , it only surprises me that somebody would make a post about it , 
  but why macedonia ? 
  it is not a country that is much in people 's minds in general realy . 
  netherlands : macedoni\u00eb officialy : republiek macedoni\u00eb why is this so important to you that you made a post here about it ? 
  plastic cheese , fake as hell :(, 
  what is a `` ehic '' ? 
  i assume that e stands for european ? 
   regarding three kings ' day/epiphany ? 
  call me ignorant ( i am ) , but what is `` three kings ' day/epiphany '' . 
  never heared of it . 
  choose berlin !, 
  you were asking specifically for speaking , not writing/reading/listening , but i will include those also : dutch is my native language - i use it at home to spreak to family/friends/colleuges / neighbours , etc. 
  also communications with and from the government are in dutch . 
  half of my family speaks a flemish dialect that i can understand ( not all , but almost all ) . 
  english : i use it to speak/write/listen to other people around the world on a daily bases . 
  i collect coins ( among other hobbies ) , so when i want to swap coins with people in other parts of the world , i use english as a langua franca , also other communications on the internet are in english realy . 
  my sister in law is french , she ca n't speak dutch fluently yet . 
  so i use english to speak to her . 
  i read a lot of books written in english , also watch some tv programms in english . 
  the music i listen to contains ussualy no lyrics , or the lyrics are more part of the sound other then having a real meaning , so i do n't use it for that media . 
  german : i live in almelo , a city in the east of the netherlands , very close to the border with germany . 
  i go to germany perhaps once a month . 
  when i am in germany , i speak german with the people there . 
  btw : germans are realy nice people  french : i am ashamed to say that my french is limited to '' tourist level '' :( for news and backgrounds to the news , i use english/german/dutch , to get as many opinions/viewpoints as possible . 
  i saw your post was deleted :( i realy do n't know why , i thouhjt it was a good question realy . 
  forced deportation is seen as a violent act . 
  he said something else after the initial sentence , he said also `` then we will make it happen '' . 
  that , together with the first sentence , was too close to violence . 
  these will probably get you convicted in the netherlands : 3 ) white americans deserve to die in attacks for electing trump . 
  6 ) the continued existence of china is a threat to humanity . 
  china must be destroyed . 
  basicaly anything that calls for violence/murder . 
  as a basic rule , you can say anything in the netherlands , as long as you do n't say to kill/murder , etc. 
  or insulting the king , that 's also against the law . 
  defenately the name `` henk '' . 
  it just ouzes out testosterone . 
  the name in dutch is synonymous with manliness . 
  go , now there 's still not a brexit , you can profit at the moment of a crashing pound :d after the brexit , i am sure they will replace the then worthless pound into some other currency ( new pound ? ), 
  and you have to wait some time before that crashes too to profit from that . 
  op is a troll unfortunately :(, 
  unfortunately , the idiots of the netherlands tend to stay on dutch language sites such as facebook , where they form dutch language comunities . 
  that 's realy good to hear :d i was afraid you took r/askeurope serious for a moment o_o, 
  no , not at all . 
  when abroad , i am a tourist , a guest in that country . 
  i do n't expect other people to know where i come from . 
  how could they know this without telling them ? 
  you are going to start a company , and for a major business decision , you turn to a webside full of strangers ( who have no knowledge of your company what so ever , let alone all the different laws of different countries regarding setting up a business and running it ) ? 
  you are bonkers ( sorry for my very strong language , but you realy are that what i just said ) :(, 
   with europeans i 've known and with folks in / r/askeurope i notice people are much more informed , they have a heartfelt personal stake in issues , thoughtfulness , fairness , and open mindedness relative to what i 've come to expect in some of the nicer corners of reddit or the us . 
  it 's a question of language realy . 
  americans live inside a `` english language bubble '' . 
  they have the world 's lingua franca as their own native language . 
  they are all surrounded by english and are not forced to use a other language to communicate with the outside world , they are virtually trapped in a english language bubble , only having to speak one language . 
  people from most other countries have to learn at least one other language besides their own native one . 
  here is the catch . 
  because americans are able to use the internet with their own native language , even the most stupid/idiotic american is able to post his/her opinion on sites like reddit . 
  but for a non american , he has to be at least reasenably fluent in english , which is probably not his native language . 
  to be able to master english , he would have to go to some degree of education and practise , which would have brought him into contact with foreign people and different ideas . 
  tldr : foreigners on reddit are on average more educated and more openminded then the average american on reddit because of the difficulty of access to reddit because english is the lingua franca here . 
  migrants and refugees are two completely different topics . 
  refugees : people who come from a other country to ask protection against specific life treathening situations from their former country they lived in . 
  after asking for asylum , they are put in to special camps where they await there decision if they can stay in the netherlands or not . 
  if they can stay , to go to a more permanent housing , if they ca n't , they will be going to a centre for deportation to their country of origin . 
  and here , the problems start . 
  these people do n't want to get deported , so they will dissapear in to hiding and become illegal immigrants . 
  because they are illegal , they do n't have access to healthcare , education , social security , etc. 
  it creates second class citizens , many of them living on the streets , always on the move afraid of being arrested and being deported . 
  it 's a unwanted situation , both for the netherlands itself but also for those illegal persons . 
  migrants : people who move to the netherlands to find work here and live for a certain period in this country . 
  because the netherlands has a population that is getting older , more people are getting in to pension age . 
  but we have not enough young people with the right skills to replace those people who are getting pension . 
  so we do need to import skilled persons . 
  they are wanted and needed . 
  earlier forms of dutch are a subject on dutch high scholes as a part of dutch language classes . 
  students have to read some texts in older versions of dutch and the translation in to nowadays dutch to get a feel of the change our language underwent during the ages ( not so much , realy ) . 
  on universities , it depends on the study you are doing there . 
  but other then dutch language studies , i do n't think so . 
  fun fact : as a hobby , i like to read old dutch travel logs from the 17th centuary in their original spelling/writing . 
  great fun on a sunday afternoon with a glas of wine and a french cheese !, 
  it works a bit as a mental time machine , while reading these texts , you are warped back in to time in to a other time and location . 
  mindblowing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjnzo5zgwe8 the linschoten-vereeniging has published some great texts and logs from the 17th centuary in their original spelling/writing http://www.linschoten-vereeniging.nl/english.htm the hakluyt society does the same for english language travel logs and ship logs http://www.hakluyt.com/, 
  in the netherlands , we do n't want us poor people . 
  you will have to find a other country instead . 
  whoow , thats a broad question !, 
  like all others , dutch society has tons of taboos , just too many to go into them here one by one . 
  a example : telling people you fucked a horse in it 's anus is a big nono . 
  there are just so many of taboos : /, 
   do europeans support right wing movements ? 
  ofcourse they do and also left movements . 
  in facts , all movements are supported due to the facts that they are movements : / movements are always supported by a amount of people , or it would n't be a movement but a idea/concept !!!, 
   europe , do you feel threatened by the alt right ? 
  why would i feel threatened by a us social/political movement here in the netherlands ? 
  tldr : no, 
  are you from the us ?
