  for example : brexit is such a difficult subject , because the uk wants to use the greencard system , while keep having access to the eu , that has , as one of it 's founding principles , the free movement of people among all it 's member states and states that wants special access to the club of countries . 
  it is not the crises , some media try to portray it to be , far from it . 
  but it is a topic that will become relevant in the near future , and needs political policy to be dealt with in a orderly fashion , it is basically the question : how much economical growth do we want to retain and how much cultural/socially tension do we want to bare for this . 
  it will need a lot of governmental oversight to handle/manage this process though . 
   whatever crazy person is given the rule in austria or italy will have a say in shaping european politics as far as i know , austria is a parliamentary representative democracy , the president is not a dictator and ca n't make decisions on it 's own at eu level . 
  he ( or she ) is bound by the will of the austrian parliament . 
  as for italy , it 's about how the senate is choosen ( i think ) . 
  i still fail to see how it will directly influence me as a dutch citizen in the netherlands . 
  i realy do n't understand your remarks about `` whatever crazy person is given the rule in austria or italy '' : / it just sounds like the rant of a populist demagoge , repeated by you . 
  you are a populist who has no idea what 's happening in other countries , you just hear something on the news and begin to rant about `` crazy person ( s ) '' . 
  please inform yourself first before commenting about topics you do n't understand : /, 
   because intergovernmentalism but the events that were mentioned where national political events , not eu related . 
  i fail to see how they will me , a dutch citizen living in the netherlands , will directly influence me , and why therefore should care about these events altogether :(, 
  nothing realy , they are national elections in a other country that does n't effect me . 
  why should i care ? 
  at my work , we have a staff unisex bathroom ( i work on a school ) . 
  it works like this : you walk into the toilet area , which has 3 toilet cubicles in a row . 
  you look for a cubicle that is not locked and you enter the toilet cubicle , locking it when you use it . 
  after finishing , you leave the toilet area again . 
  what 's so special about unisex bathrooms ? 
  it 's not that everybody is sitting down on the toiletbowl for everyone to see o_o, 
  yes , many dutch people own them . 
  they are stalled away during the year , but when the vacation season starts , they suddenly appear . 
  after people return from vacation , they are stalled away again untill next vacation season . 
  i 'm not a policeman , so i am not familiar with the dutch rules of engagement . 
  i am not able to answer your question unfortunately :(, 
  in the past , psp ( anti-violence socialist party ) had this campaign poster http://static1.persgroep.net/volkskrant/image/ed4086ce-6846-44a9-84c9-05322ca80c38?width=300 because of the recent pc ( yes , also some users on this blog are pc :( these kind of political posters are not possible anymore . 
  let 's get progressive again !, 
  i could be wrong , but yes , also when buying milk . 
  even when you are buying toilet paper . 
  and also when you go out for a walk . 
  and also etc. . . 
  you can be transported to a policestation , where they can check out who you are . 
  or they can go to your house together with you , so you can show your id that you left home . 
  i gues the same as anywhere else in the developed world : /, 
  til thanks !, 
  you have to carry a id with you in the netherlands : a id card , a driver 's license or a passport . 
  you can get a fine if you do n't . 
  there is no eu id , but countries that are members of the eu try to use a sort of shared id font . 
  also a dutch id is not valid for other schengen countries , i think ( i could be wrong though ) , only a driver 's license and a passport are valid there for a dutch foreigner like me . 
  when i go to germany ( one 's a month or so ) i carry my passport with me , just in case . 
  i do n't say that some dishes from indonesia or italy are dutch by orrigin , i just make the case that they are ( or almost ) part of dutch cuisine o_o for example : the kroket , it 's very french but over the years became a part of dutch cuisine http://www.smulwereld.nl/l/library/download/aanf0miq3usuqsqdazb1a4k_a_zmwsscvaae/kroket.png?width=440&amp;height=219&amp;ext=.png, 
  that 's rather difficult to answer . 
  when you consider indonesian cuisine , i ques that would be the most popular foreign food ( nasi , bami , sate , etc ) . 
  but i do n't think it is considered foreign anymore , it has become a part of dutch cuisine . 
  i think the same will happen soon with spagethi , macaroni and pizza . 
  what is still considered realy foreign food and is popular here in the netherlands is kebab . 
  firstly , the word `` panhandle '' left me clouless , so the youtube was helpfull . 
  here in the netherlands , i never encountered this in a train ( i commute daily by train to my work ) , but just outside the trainstation of enschede ( city i work in ) opperates a homeless man who is asking people leaving the trainstation for 1 euro . 
  he is called the `` euroman '' . 
  lately , there is also a woman asking for 50 eurocents : / i always say i do n't have cash and just walk on , ignoring the hell out of them . 
  here is a article about the euroman , warning : dutch language :( http://www.utnieuws.nl/nieuws/60886/heeft_u_ook_een_losse_euro, 
  he freed his country from the dictatorship of batista ( a american backed brutal dictator who was put in power to defend american interrests in cuba , cuba was a long time protectorate of the us , basically a colony in disguise ) . 
  after he freed his country , he used his communists ideals to create a better society for the average cuban with free healthcare , education and wellfare . 
  but he was not succesfull with developing his economy , mainly due to a boycot by the us and by a inefficient government . 
  nowadays he was more of a icon then a head of state . 
  i have mixed feelings about him , he was very good in getting rid of the americans from cuba , but was not good with governing his country . 
  i hope his brother raoul en his successor after him will be better at it . 
  acid mix by miss djax , got it in a . mkv and have it on repeat right now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u6mrmc4assi, 
  i do n't like popsongs , but this one is quite nice : warning : dutch language :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ku2v-z1m4a, 
  i like miss djax a lot ( her acid ( techno ) songs though , not her regular techno ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=marhmszbrwy, 
   no it 's not . 
    i argued that nato was set up as a , in principle , militairy organisation , but functioned in it 's first few years as a political organisation . 
  please read my comments before commenting o_o what is so difficult to understand about the fact that it first functioned as a political organisation , and only after a few years was used as a military organisation because it had the possibility of it already in it 's founding articles . 
  i refuse to believe you are stupid :(, 
  no it 's not . 
  i argued that nato was set up as a , in principle , militairy organisation , but functioned in it 's first few years as a political organisation . 
  please read my comments before commenting o_o, 
  information from nato itself is ofcourse biased . 
  nato was set up as a defence organisation , but did n't function actively in the first few years , it was more a political orientated organisation . 
   marshall plan not only west european countries recieved marshall money , also east european countries were offered it . 
  ofcourse they were not allowed to accept by russia :( marshall money was not restricted to nato members , it had a different goal . 
  it was meant to build up the economies of ( western ) europe so the us could sell their products there . 
  nato was set up as a defence organisation , and was used as such after the korean war . 
  what you quote is the treaty itself , but that does n't say anything about how it functioned and was implemented by the memberstates in the first few years of it 's existance . 
  i have ( in a previous reply ) pointed out that the nato first served a other purpose and only was later used as a military organisation ( which was made possible because of the articles you citated before ) . 
  so that is why i disagree with you . 
  then we disagree completely on this :(, 
  sorry , maybe i wrote it down a bit too harsh . 
  i understand you are uncertain about the future now that trump has been elected . 
  nato as a military block , not true : nato started as a political organisation , and only became a military block after the korean war . 
  when a few years later the warchaupact was founded , nato was the natural choice to balance that . 
  wikipedia : `` nato was little more than a political association until the korean war galvanized the organization 's member states , and an integrated military structure was built up under the direction of two us supreme commanders . 
  the course of the cold war led to a rivalry with nations of the warsaw pact , which formed in 1955 '', 
  oh fuck , i realy went to google to look this up : / rick astley 's `` never gon na give you up '' was already playing in my head , i was so ready to be trolled . 
  to my utter surprise i realy found it to be partialy true https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cod_wars it is descibed more as conflicts with a militairy character then a real war ( wikipedia : `` the term `` cod war '' was coined by a british journalist in early september 1958 . 
  [ 6 ] none of the cod wars meets any of the common thresholds for a conventional war , though , and they may more accurately be described as militarized interstate disputes . '' ) . 
  so not a violation of the ecsc dream . 
  i think the balkan conflicts where more suited for being a dream destroyer . 
  as far as i know , nato was founded to counter balance the warschaupact . 
  the ecsc was founded with only one goal in mind : never war again between ( western ) european countries . 
  it 's succesor , the eu , however was partly intended to be a counterweight to the russian led communist eastern european block of nations . 
   cod wars ? 
   cod wars ? 
   despite what he has said so far half of your country was very happy with what he said so far , so many people liked it in fact , that they voted him to be the leader of your country . 
   any hope for trump ? 
  the us has voted him to be their leader , so yes , people have high hopes for trump . 
  you sound like a us citizen who does n't like the outcome of the election and comes whining about it here at r/askeurope , hoping to find likeminded people to share his pain and sorrow :( you as a society have choosen to be a two party state with regional elections . 
  that makes it possible for people to be elected , not by popular vote , but by regional preferences . 
  just do n't come here to cry about it , you live in a society with other people that somethimes have views other then your own .
