  in us society , cultural divisions are much more along racial divides then other criteria , in most countries on the continent of europe society is divided not by colour but by language , culture , country of origine . 
  for example : a dutch black person is not seen as black , but as 100 % dutch , but a pale white blond haired polish person is seen as 100 % polish because he is from poland . 
  but a black person from germany is seen here as a german . 
  everybody born on the continent of europe is a european !, 
  i 'm going to gues black metal is some rock genre ? 
  never heared of it though :(, 
  and are they better ? 
  let 's say , economy wise ? 
  not for everybody :( i was happier in 2000 then i am now . 
  thank you eu regional development fund !, 
  in the netherlands , not realy . 
  maybe some regions/provinces have one of the `` texas-ish '' stereotypes , but not like the situation as in the us though . 
  it is a thing all around the world , not only in czech republic . 
  a good thing to do is traveling to other countries . 
  once you started with traveling around , you will notice that some fundamental basics are the same for every country , not just your own . 
  santa claus is not realy a important figure during the hollidays here in the netherlands . 
  christmas is more a time for families ( parents , children ) to come together for a few days , because it is one of the few moments everybody is free from work or other obligations . 
  some people might have a tree in their house or some christmas lights in their house , but certainly not all people , santa claus realy is just a side note , mainly a person people see in christmas movies on tv . 
  however , on the 5th of december , sinterklaas ( saint nicolas ) comes to the netherlands and is the focuspoint for people when he brings gifts and presents to all , but mainly children . 
  so no , santa claus does n't get anything here in the netherlands , sinterklaas gets all the cookies , candies and carrots instead . 
  not only germans , i think throughout the continent of europe , people will cooperate with local governments in situations like this . 
  i ca n't imagine that people in the us would willinly stay when they are dismantelling a very powerfull bomb nearby : / that 's insane realy . 
  that is why i was saying this :  i am not sure about the situation in foreign countries yes , far right is realy not the same everywhere , lot 's of national differences . 
  lol , there is always something to be improved , 
  why would it be a issue in germany to evacuate ? 
  the authorites wants you to leave a area because a bomb is found and made inactive.that is very dangerous , so people will go away untill the area is safe again . 
  what is so remarkeble about this ? 
  i think it is more remarkable that there are people in the us would would n't leave the area when a heavy bomb was made inactive . 
  that would be just plain stupid . 
  i realy ca n't believe us people would react like that . 
  i have n't heared about any recent evacuation from any german territory lately . 
  could you please explain this in more detail ? 
  that sounds more of a decrease then a increase : /, 
   it is not accurate to assume that means that trump supports lgbtq rights sorry , you are right . 
  although he is not against gay rights , he will not promote them :(, 
  trains , they have become a lot cleaner . 
  also the trainstations have been updated with electronic timetables and lifts for disabled people . 
  more trains per hour , and ah to go/kiosk shops for when you have forgotten to take lunch with you : /, 
   he 's not rabidly against equality like most republicans i thought this post and discussion was about the republicans , not trump as a individual ? 
   elected president trump has actually never said he has any problem whatsoever with the lgbtq community from what i have seen in the media and talking to americans ( although they were not republican ) i have heared that many republicans do n't think trump represents their values , one of them are equal rights for gays . 
  also the religious background of many republicans could play a role in this . 
  i am not sure about the situation in foreign countries , but in the netherlands far right is agreeing to things the republicans ( realy ultra right wing ) in the us are not : - gay rights - religion seperated from government - welfare for all , education for all , universal healthcare i am not sure about what they think about guns in society , prostetution , drugs , speed limits , porn , animal rights , etc. 
  maybe also other issues , but i never read that much of their party programms . 
  i have to do that some day though . 
  but the nationalistc rants put me off :(, 
   but you ( being an autist and here i stop feeding the troll . 
   all towns still have coat of arms ofcourse they have , i did n't say they would be cancelled or anything . 
  as you could have read in this thread ( but you did n't ) you could have seen i was reffering to the use of coat of arms in everyday life , not the existance of them . 
  also i explained that the coat of arms where a inspiration for many items that we do use in everyday life , like logo 's and flags . 
  please u/mraro ... , try to stay civilised and try to stay ontopic . 
  i am so happy that religious freaks like you are not in charge in the netherlands . 
  better keep it that way . 
  some historical background about the coat of arms of amsterdam : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_amsterdam, 
  my reply was in no way meant to be funny . 
   the royal family 's coat of arms on our passports that is realy the only place in every day life where you can find a coat of arms ( and on products in the supermarkets that are approved by the royal family ) . 
   last edition of guilder coins yes , it was faded out at the end of the guilder era . 
  i do like the fact that coat of arms are again a inspiration for modern day flags like this example from amsterdam : https://c2.staticflickr.com/4/3088/2518331190_eaaf6803dc_b.jpg also i do like the flag of the dutch province of zeeland . 
  it 's not a beautiful flag , but it depicts a lion struggling to keep himself above the waves of water ( modern interpretation ) , as a example of the zeelandic people who had to endure flood after flood during the millenia . 
  the flag is based on the zeelandic coat of arms : https://www.dvc.nl/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/v/l/vlag_zeeland_rechtformaat_4.jpg also , nowadays many logo 's are based on coat of arms ( like the ones from ministries , local governments , water boards , etc ) . 
  that gives some continuity to it , 
  coat of arms where used in the past to indicate to which faction/family you belonged to ( for elite people ) , and where gradualy used also on national level across the continent of europe . 
  nowadays , they are fading away in everyday use and are a relic of the past ( for example , on the dutch guilder coins , we had a coat of arms on the backside , the eurocoins replacing them do n't feature a coat of arms anymore ) . 
  i even think many duytch people would recognize the dutch coat of arms . 
  flags have replaced them almost completely as means of identifying to where you loyality belongs to . 
  i think your question is , for the netherlands at least , a question for a very small group of history freaks that are in the know of different coat of arms . 
  to answer your question , i like the the suriname coat of arms , and also the australian one ( because of the local animals on it ) . 
   best bud countries are abstract entities and as such do n't have feelings . 
  but individual people/groups within a country have connections among eachother and with other people/groups in other countries . 
  for the netherlands ( i will keep my answers with in the continent of europe ) : language : belgium ( flanders , the northern part ) economy : germany ( belgium is a close second ) social connections : that depends , is different from individual to individual realy, 
  i live in the east of the netherlands ( the city of almelo ) , my brother lives in the west of the netherlands ( amsterdam ) and my parents live in the extreme south-west of the netherlands . 
  my situation is a bit extreme , most people i know live much closer to their family , within a half hour drive at most . 
  to get to my brother i have to travel 2\u00a01/2 hours by train and to reach my parents takes a 3\u00a01/2 hours drive :( ( i have heared from many people that they think i 'm crazy to live so far away from my family though ) . 
  it are just the territorail changes troughout history . 
  but history is not only on a macro level , also on a human scale , things are changing . 
  to make a post saying that the video is about the entire history is very very arrogant the say the least :( it just shows that you are not interrested in the human side of the past . 
  once every month i visit germany ( i live near the german border ) and a couple of times a year i go to belgium ( my parents live near the belgian border ) . 
  once every year/two years i go on a holliday to other countries . 
  both ireland and the uk are located on the continent of europe , so yes . 
  you can buy any drugs anywhere in the eu . 
  do n't take any risk of traveling with it . 
  migrants and refugees are two completely different topics . 
  refugees : people who come from a other country to ask protection against specific life treathening situations from their former country they lived in . 
  after asking for asylum , they are put in to special camps where they await there decision if they can stay in the netherlands or not . 
  if they can stay , to go to a more permanent housing , if they ca n't , they will be going to a centre for deportation to their country of origin . 
  and here , the problems start . 
  these people do n't want to get deported , so they will dissapear in to hiding and become illegal immigrants . 
  because they are illegal , they do n't have access to healthcare , education , social security , etc. 
  it creates second class citizens , many of them living on the streets , always on the move afraid of being arrested and being deported . 
  it 's a unwanted situation , both for the netherlands itself but also for those illegal persons . 
  migrants : people who move to the netherlands to find work here and live for a certain period in this country . 
  because the netherlands has a population that is getting older , more people are getting in to pension age . 
  but we have not enough young people with the right skills to replace those people who are getting pension . 
  so we do need to import skilled persons . 
  they are wanted and needed . 
  at the moment , only the uk has made it clear it wants to leave the eu . 
  no , those countries have many poor people living there , the netherlands do n't need them . 
  the netherlands need more skilled workers , but they can come here via visa . 
  yes , it 's very obvious the uk , who will take over the dominating role of the us in the near future . 
  they were already the dominating empire in the past , before the us took over , now they are ready to take that role upon them once again . 
  they used the eu to strenghten their economy after the loss of india , but now they are strong enough to go on their own .
