  they still have to abide to the eu rules , but they loose their vote in the eu . 
  i hope you do know that nato and the eu are two different organisations entirely . 
  if yes , you are a troll , if no , go back to school . 
  you defenately never been to the netherlands . 
  here , racism is n't a thing anymore . 
  i realy never see racism in everyday life . 
  but we do have cultural discrimination . 
  for example : polish people ( uber white , mostly blond hair ) are seen here as second rate citizens . 
  the same for turkish and morrocan people , while they are also caucasian , white race ) . 
  asians are just a colour in the netherlands ( you could be a ethnic dutch person ) , it 's far more important from which culture you come from . 
  leave your boyfriend , he is obcessed by alcohol . 
   what could be the reaction of the eu about this ? 
  nothing , scotland is a part of the uk and the uk voted to leave . 
  just relax and wait , this is panicmode , the aex will calm down soon and stabalise . 
  now is the time to buy !, 
  americans are mostly trapped in the english language bubble : they get there news only from national sources . 
  they are very narrowminded , they think the us take on the news is the only one out there . 
  they realy should learn more languages and broaden their view . 
  you are a uk national , the uk is situated on the continent of europe and the continent of europe is part of a planet called earth . 
  what is to explain here ? 
  or you have no idea what the eu is , or you are a troll o_o, 
  nothing will change in the near future , the uk will not leave inmedeately . 
  it must first pass parleament and the house of lords . 
  the deadline is set for two years from now ( heared that on sky news ) in the future , for the netherlands not much will change : trade will go on , people and cargo will be checked at the border as is the case right now , dutch companies will have to change their earned pounds into euro 's that will cost them money . 
  basically nothing changes realy . 
  life will go on as usuall . 
  do n't believe those crazyheads here who think that the uk leaving will be the end of the eu . 
  they are a bit coocoo o_o there is one fundamental thing that will change : the eu was founded because nobody wanted war anymore in europe , so they decided that if we tie up our economies , nobody could wage war on it 's own anymore . 
  now the uk is leaving . 
  they will abandon that dream/goal . 
  you could say they are the traitors to the european dream of `` never war again '' . 
  bastards !, 
  nothing will change in the near future , the uk will not leave inmedeately . 
  it must first pass parleament and the house of lords . 
  the deadline is set for two years from now ( heared that on sky news ) in the future , for the netherlands not much will change : trade will go on , people and cargo will be checked at the border as is the case right now , dutch companies will have to change their earned pounds into euro 's that will cost them money . 
  basically nothing changes realy . 
  life will go on as usuall . 
  do n't believe those crazyheads here who think that the uk leaving will be the end of the eu . 
  they are a bit coocoo o_o there is one fundamental thing that will change : the eu was founded because nobody wanted war anymore in europe , so they decided that if we tie up our economies , nobody could wage war on it 's own anymore . 
  now the uk is leaving . 
  they will abandon that dream/goal . 
  you could say they are the traitors to the european dream of `` never war again '' . 
  bastards !, 
  you are not involved/member of eu , so it is nothing ro worry about . 
   i do n't live in europe  i see them as the most powerful and influential member that explains it all . 
  history learns that it is not a given that society progresses over time . 
  it goes more in waves . 
  i am very happy with the golden age i live in today , no one knows when our civilisation will collapse or fade away , so enjoy the good times while they last , 
   golden age does n't really have to mean best time to live for a citizen of that country though . 
  a golden age is a time when a country has : `` a heightened output of art , science , literature , and philosophy '' . 
  i know this sounds boring to you , but also here the answer from every eu nation would be : today , the present . 
  there has never been so much heightened output of art , science , literature , and philosophy as right now , availeble to so many average people . 
  we live in a shiny golden age here and now !, 
   i know where i get my information . 
  you do not you are not serious anymore . 
  it was not our golden age for almost all people , only for a privalidged small group of elites . 
  and even they had to live in a cold house , rife with infestatious animals , bad hygeine , rotten food , basically no healthcare and they had to flee the cities every summer because of the stence that came from the open sewers ( canals ) . 
  everybody who has read a historybook and has thought about what he read in there , will agree with me that for the people of the netherlands , the 17th century was not a golden age . 
  it was a hellhole . 
  it was only a golden age for the netherlands as a country , as a institution . 
  much like the us today : lot 's of ordinary people living in poverty and having no access to a high standard of basic healthcare and education , while the us itself as a country/institution is a global power o_o, 
  it 's true . 
   that 's not really true . 
  there are a lot of countries with a fairly strong anti-eu movement , and if the uk leaves , it may well inspire those to push for the same this is bullocks you hear mainly from the british leave campaign to give their cause a grander feel to it :(  in addition , it 'll certainly shake the confidence and trust in the eu no it will not . 
  meanwhile , if the uk would leave , it will shake the trust multi-nationals have in the british economy and will reduce there foothold in the uk , and will leave to a eu country . 
  the financial sector ( whgat keeps the uk funded basicly ) has also announced they would leave to frankfurt if the uk would vote `` leave '' . 
   it 's definitely something that 's going to have implications for the eu as well . 
  that too is bullocks you hear mainly from the british leave campaign to give their cause a grander feel to it :( like i explained before : the uk is one of many countries that are members of the eu , when they leave , it will not affect the eu much because the uk will need to secure their access to the eu market . 
  they still have to abide to the eu rules , but they loose their vote in the eu . 
  as a non-uk eu country , it does n't concern us . 
  the brexit referandum is a internal uk matter . 
  nobody knows realy what would happen . 
  they can leave or they can stay . 
  the uk is one of many countries that are members of the eu , when they leave , it will not affect the eu much because the uk will need to secure their access to the eu market . 
  they still have to abide to the eu rules , but they loose their vote in the eu . 
  if they stay , the new rules and exeptions ( that the uk negociated earlier this year ) come into play . 
  tldr : it 's a internal uk matter . 
  for them it has probably some big implications , for other eu members not so much at all . 
  it is mainly blown up very much as a newsstory in other anglo saxon countries i 've noticed . 
  you get a very narrow , one sided view on this topic from anglo saxon media . 
  crazy things like the whole future of the eu would be at stake . 
  this is probably due to the `` english language bubble '' you are trapped in ( native english speakers are at a disadvantage because they are not pushed to learn a second or third language ) . 
  our golden age is right now !, 
  as for normal citizens goes , we never had it any better : stone houses with all of modern comforts , plenty of food to eat , never chillingly cold , more then 1 piece of clothing , access to modern health for all , education for all , everybody can own a transportation vehicle , very low crime rates , no religious indoctrination , vacation and pension for all by law , etc. 
  this generation is so privileged , it 's almost mindblowingly crazy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjnzo5zgwe8, 
   what if the us ordered your country here i stopped reading . 
  you are not serious expecting a answer , you just want to troll . 
  i pass o_o, 
  the tour de francve will start soon , it is one big advertisement for tourism in france . 
  why specifically the irish ? 
  there are many countries who have english as their first language . 
  i used the us and the uk because they are the most well known anglo saxon countries . 
   a place that looks sort of medieval ... 
  i want to see castles . 
  and possibly a small village feel luxemburg is your country to go : lot 's of castles everywhere , small villages everywhere . 
  very beautiful country , nice people , but beware , they drive like madmen o_o, 
  maybe this article will explain it in more detail : https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-did-english-become-lingua-franca-gulam-mustafa-ali-khan, 
  yes , she has the right to obtain the polish nationality . 
  yes , but do n't confuse the use of english with the acceptance and embracement of anglo saxon culture and ideas . 
  english is used as a means of communication only .
