   this thread is amazing . 
  so many stupid comments so the jobless poor in the us have no struggle to live everyday ? 
  do your poor get enough monet every month to buy good and healthy food , enough money to rent a normal decent house ? 
  can go on vacation once a year ? 
  no , they live in trailers or even worse , have to live on the streets , begging for money or go out stealing to survive . 
  just imagine all the cold war money spend on weapons , being spend on your poor instead . 
  just imagine . 
  that is why i think the usa was and is still a looser of the cold war . 
  it ca n't even provide basic services for it 's own people , even after the cold was has ended for 25 years now . 
  where is all the money go that came availeble after the cold war ? 
  is it invested into the welfare of it 's own people ? 
  or was it used for new wars and conflicts ? 
  some would even call that a failed state . 
   you 're claiming you 're superior ??? 
  i have no idea what you try to say ??? 
  i am absolutely no nationalist , i realy do n't like the whole concept of nationalism realy . 
  if you would read what i said , you would know this . 
  my opinion is that you have to separate personal opinions and historical facts . 
  fact is that after a period of proxy wars and hughe amounts of money spend by both the usa and the ussr , the ussr stopped this competition with the usa because it was basicaly bancrupt . 
  you can have your own opinion on this . 
  my opinion would be that both are loosers of this competition : both have spend hughe amounts of money on weapons , money that could otherwise have been spend on the welfare of it 's own people . 
  and it shows , both in the usa and in russia ( the succersor of the ussr ) the situation of it 's people is best descibed as dire :( many poor people who get almost no help from their own government . 
  and we are almost 25 years later , and still the situation for the common people has not changed . 
  no work is living in a daily struggle for survival , both in the usa as in russia . 
  poor people o_o, 
  after reading the comments it 's clear to me that 1 ( one ! ), 
  person on reddit has commented something in a tread , and now you want to know why a whole continent thinks likes this 1 ( one ! ), 
  realy o_o, 
  yes , you recieved it from france , so that is your starting point . 
  i thought so . 
  they have burgers on their menu !, 
  and i had never heared of them before from somebody else 's recommandations :( you have visited this restaurant yourself ? 
   with critical thinking about science , but you never have critical thinking about society or other practical issues . 
  in the netherlands ( where i live ) , critical thinking is one of the pillars of the education system . 
   something from plato , from nietzsche , from marx , whatever . 
  in the netherlands , plato and nietzsche will be subjects at the philosofie classes . 
  marx at the history classes ( his communist manifesto though , his das kapital is such a difficult work , it is mentioned mainly ) . 
   art has its place , but not in school also art has a place in school in the netherlands , during arthistory classes . 
  but critical thinking has also practical everyday aproaches , during society classes , students learn to read newspapers , articles and other media to approach with a critical view , that is that articles and other media are brought to people with a message in mind , trying to influence people ( knowingly or unknowinly ) . 
  it os always written or produced from a certain perspective . 
  students learn to recognize this , and also that there is not one certain thruth , but there are many viewpoints . 
   passive aggressiveness what passive aggressiveness ? 
  patriotism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country without any superiority feelings . 
  nationalism is the feeling of pride for your village , province , country with superiority feelings . 
  as soon as flags or other symbols appear , it is nationalism . 
  nationalism is poison o_o it removes rational thinking and let 's your feelings take over . 
  it is combined with a superiority complex : your village , province , country is better then the village , province , country next to you . 
  it gives you the feeling of supriorety with irational behaviour and pride . 
  a very dangerous combination . 
  the same can be found with religious people , they suffer the same sympthomes , not towards other villages , provinces , countries , but towards other religions . 
  that is why i am disgusted by both nationalism and religion . 
  with me many dutch hate it , and that is the reason why i am not afraid that nationalists will take over our political system . 
  the same goes for that other dangerous poison , religion . 
  also there , many dutch are disgusted by it , so i am not afraid religion , in any shape or form , will use our political system to spread it 's poisonous message onto our society . 
  the main weapons against these two evils are good free public education ( rational critical thinking ) , work opportunaty so people can feel wanted in society , a good healtcare system , a free/open society , vacation money for the jobless so they can visit other countries , public libraries . 
  we have all of these in the netherlands . 
  let 's try to keep it , as a way to contain nationalism and religion . 
  no , ca n't think of any . 
  also what food should i see as `` american cuisine '' ? 
  ca n't think of anything else then hamburgers http://www.kvvitesse.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/hamburger-156671-1.jpg and hotdogs https://www.colourmyevent.nl/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/hot-dog.jpg not realy food you put in a restaurant on a menu o_o i was looking on google a bit to see if there was something like a american restaurant in my area , does it turns out that we have one in almelo ( the city i live in here in the netherlands ) !, 
  never knew i live a few hundred meters away from a american themed restaurant all these years http://hudsons.nl/ i took a look at their menu , and it turns out they serve burgers and seafood . 
  that would explain why i never heared of it :(, 
  sorry , english is not my native language . 
  i tend to spell words phoneticaly , rather then using the correct spelling . 
  but thanks for the correction anyway , 
  the netherlands : the police will come , after i called 112 to say i have catched a thieve redhanded . 
  then he will be locked in a local jail ( only the basics availeble to the suspect ) , and a justice officer has to decide if there is enough evadence to lock him up for a longer period ( if not , he is released again ) . 
  when there was enough evidance , he will be brought to a central jail , that is much more humane then the local prison , aimed at a long stay . 
  the suspect will stay there untill his court apearance . 
  in the meanwhile , he and his lawyer are trying to get enough evidance that will get him free , while the officer of state will try to prepare the case and evidance against the suspect . 
  when the courthearings are there , the suspect has to appear in front of one or several judges ( no juries here in the netherlands , only proffesional judges ) that will decide if the suspect is quilty or not and they will also decide his punishment . 
  if the suspect or the officer of state is not happy with the outcome , they can go to a higher court for a retrial . 
  in jail , the suspect will be prepared for reintegration in society after his jail sentence has ended . 
  that 's it realy . 
  here is a video about our prison system ( warning , you could hear some dutch language ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xoiktqlych8 a maximum security prison ( for realy terrible people :( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l_kssow7oru, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community it 's about the prevention of a future war , not to stop one that is already there , hence the `` dream '' part of it . 
  please first educate yourself , then reply o_o, 
  i saw this recently posted map on r/mapporn http://i.imgur.com/d1zs1d7.png it shows how the uk is already the least developed nation in north-west europe . 
  a brexit will surely in some way hit the london economy , the pillar on which the uk economy is floating , to be precise the financial sector in the city is the money machine , the whole of the uk is living from , now that oil and gas prices have dropped so dramaticaly . 
  the uk has realy voted for a brexit , that will hurt the financial hart of the city of london . 
  unbelieveble :(, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_coal_and_steel_community please first educate yourself , then reply o_o, 
  i am very serious though . 
  it is very concerning you have no idea what i am talking about :(, 
  then you are not stupid , probably more a very idealistic person , 
  with your brexit , you have betrayed the dream of `` never war again between european countries '' by pulling your economy away from the regulations developed to keep your economy from the posibility that it could develope a wartime economy all on it 's own . 
  you betrayed the ecsc dream :(, 
  it are parks though , managed by people . 
  now that i think about it , inside those parks are some very dangerous animals : wild pigs and deer . 
  they sometimes escapes the parks and throw themselves on cars that are driving on roads here is a video of a person that died after a wild pig run against his car on the road : dead wild pig at 0:17 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=clqp6jdk_km maybe they are the most dangerous animals we have here in the netherlands o_o, 
  no , we are not a concrete jungle , more of a patchwork of many small cities all over the country . 
  there will always be a small city in , say 15-20 kolometers , from where you are . 
  there is a lot of farmland ( the netherlands is a big exporter of agricultural products ) , but it is dotted with villages and small cities . 
  that 's make the netherlands one of the most densily populated countries in europe . 
  real nature never had a chance here o_o, 
  there are multi country plugs availeble : http://www.exprodirect.com/images/t/clp740.jpg you can order them online , ot go to your nearest travel/backpack shop . 
  they will have them for sure . 
  here is a handy chart with all the plug types used worldwide : https://msighk.files.wordpress.com/2015/08/plugs-in-different-countries-en.jpg and another one : http://www.starkelectronic.com/fznchrt.jpg and here a photo chart : http://www.worldstandards.eu/electricity/plugs-and-sockets/, 
  with `` union '' , i ques you mean the eu . 
  the eu ( ecsc ) was founded after wwii with the idea that there should never be a war again between two european countries .
