  that is also what makes it very interresting for countries to join : a very rich area that 's gives them susidies and have a large economic zone to trade with without tarif-walls , also their poor citizens are allowed to move and immigrate freely to the rich countries . 
  the rich north west european countries are getting a big economic market expension for their industrial goods and services . 
  it 's a win-win situation . 
  yes , it opens a whole new world of stories , news and movies . 
  it makes you a part of a bigger world , a world you never had thought it existed . 
  it also makes you humble : learning one extra language makes you realise there are so many cultural worlds out there you will never tap into o_o, 
   my brother left 15 years ago  uncle and his wife did the same 60 years ago  great uncle settled in chicago in 1920 let me quote myself from a previous comment `` the us was once a country where people wanted to move to , but not anymore '', 
   you do n't have to work yourself to death ... ofcourse you have to do that : low pay , two jobs just to make ends meet . 
  one week vacation a year , no real pension funds or savings . 
  that 's the reality for the average american :( they work untill they die . 
  who is joe flacco ? 
  never heared of this person . 
  i have never heared of somebody who wanted to move to the united states , only for a short time to work overseas ( expat ) . 
  nobody wants to live in a country where you have yourself work to death and where there are no social securities for when you get fired from your job . 
  people want to move to other countries , but when they want to move outside of the eu , they mention australia and new zealand as their choice . 
  the us was once a country where people wanted to move to , but not anymore :( the `` american dream '' of moving up in society by working hard is gone and will likely not come back.the us is a bit of a country with faded glory . 
   no-one mentioned subsidies , now you 're saying they voted despite knowing they 'd be lower no , i said that no one knows if they would get uk subsidies , but if they would get them , they will be very likely be lower then the eu ones . 
  and they voted for this !, 
  yes , there are also programms in place to give you a education to prepare persons for a other job . 
  the local governments see this as a short term investment to prevent longer term pay of bennefits . 
  they will negociate this the comming weeks . 
  but the eu have stated already that people living acroad under eu rules will not be send back . 
   well , i hope so too . 
  we do n't need butter mountains and wine lakes rotting in the sun . 
  that was the past . 
  but the uk farmers have voted to leave knowing that if they would get subsidies again , they will very likely be lower then what they get now . 
  and they voted for this !, 
  no , but a poorer uk ( companies go away to eu countries , financial sector drain to frankfurt ) it is also very unlikely any subsidies will stay on current eu level . 
   agriculture was protected pre-eu , it 'll be protected post-eu too how can you know that ? 
  nobody knows for sure ?!, 
   the uk is n't going to reverse a centuries old policy of protecting domestic markets just because they 're subsidising directly instead of indirectly i have n't heared any guarentee about this . 
  and still they voted to get rid of 1/3rd of their income !, 
   the country is n't going to disintegrate.but if scotland does go independent , both countries will still be democratic if scotland goes independant , it will mean the desintegration of the uk ( united kindom , england and scotland , just read a historybook for reference ) . 
  maybe there will be two other democracies , but the current uk democracy will go away . 
  no democratic system will allow it 's own dismanteling . 
   now it 's the uk that will subsidise instead who said that ? 
  when the eu money flow stops , it stops . 
  i have n't heared anybody prommising that the farmers will recieve the same amount from the uk instead . 
  there are limits to democracy , one of them is the desintegration of your country in which your democracy is grounded . 
  without the uk there will be no uk democracy anymore . 
   the uk subsidised farmers before the eu was a thing replaced in some part by eu susidising . 
  i heared figures of 1/3 of their income . 
  i ca n't believe you vote against the source that gives you 1/3rd of your income , that 's insane . 
   high unemployment in wales , and the eu has n't particularly helped with that no ofcourse not . 
  high unemployement is a responcibility of the uk itself . 
  they failed to brintg companies to wales . 
  the eu had made sure ( with their regional investment funds ) that the infrastructure was upgraded . 
  why did the uk fail to help wales get to work ? 
  why did wales want to get out of the uk ? 
  it 's insane . 
  that is what i heared on the news . 
  but do n't forget , these are comments made by eu officials who have n't had a meeting yet on the subject . 
  it can change when they have to agree on a eu policy . 
  basically it comes down to this : whatever you are going to do to get away : d n't stay in england/wales . 
  no , it has nothing to do with the eu , it 's more of a buget problem : some sectors of our economy are costing us a lot of money ( healthcare , education ) and prognoses are that the costs will keep on rising in the future . 
  so there will be less money for other sectors . 
  there are cuts in budgets in all o society going on , also in social benefits . 
  do n't allow your subdivisions to vote for independance . 
  problem so ; ved , the uk would not fall apart . 
  we have such people here in the netherlands . 
  they are satisfied with there life and are not realy motivated to get to work . 
  for a long time , they were left alone , but recently the local governments are pushing these people to get to work . 
  that 's not easy , lot 's of rules to protect them and the labormarket is not waiting for these people . 
  if they do n't do their best to find a job they can get cuts in their benefits , but must try to do their best as much as is required and still avoid being employed . 
  that is a internal problem of the uk . 
  before you give your population a chance to vote for this , you must make sure they are well educated on the subject . 
  the uk government did not , and failed missareble . 
  when i hear these things about the welsh and the rural english farmers wanting the leave the eu while getting a shitload of money from the eu , i am beginning to doubt the `` quality '' of the uk schoolsystem . 
  seriously : there must be so many people not having any sort of education to make such a weird/stupid decision . 
  and not just a small percentage , it was the majority !!!, 
  of the people . 
  just terrifying to realise this . 
  they did : they voted for leaving the eu . 
  the question was stupendently easy . 
  but i did n't know that wales was that dependant on eu investments . 
  you must be totaly crazy to vote leave when you are driving on a eu sponsored roadway in one of the poorest area 's of north west europe : / that is why i am surprised , because of the stupidity of the majority of the welsh . 
   neoliberal eu politicians believe in austerity as a cure for everything spain was/is a financial mess with a high youth unemployment . 
  they ow that to themselves and their broke/corrupt regions . 
  the eu has nothing to do with that . 
  the eu has helped spain a lot with the regional investment funds . 
  without the eu , spain would be far worse then now . 
  and they need the eu badly for when in the future their pension system will collapse . 
  as long as you hold a british passport you are entitled to move and live freely in the eu zone . 
  but there is a timelimit to this . 
  the eu will not send british people away who came under eu rules to a other country . 
  but after a brexit you ca n't anymore move freely in the eu zone . 
  so if you want to leave you have to do it now . 
  but wales was one of the areas that voted in majority for leave ?!?!, 
   many rely on their families  italians are `` mama boys  not our freaking choice you vote for your government and get the government you want as a people/society . 
  so when your government leaves this system in place , it is what you have wanted as a people/society as a whole . 
  so it is by choice , that you are `` mama boys ( and girls ) '' o_o, 
   `` bistandshj\u00e6lpen '' i understand what this word means o_o and i do n't speak/read/write a word of danish . 
  the elections in spain are national elections . 
  the brexit referandom was a national uk referandom about a national uk matter . 
  why would that affect the spanish elections ? 
  the only way that i possibly could imagine that it would affect spanish elections is , when they are debating how to cope with the milloins of british pensioners in spain , can they still make use of the spanish healthcare system ? 
  the eu itself is not a very hot topic , i think . 
  spain is has and is profiting much from it . 
  it has many poor regions that get a lot of `` regional development funds '' from the eu . 
  that is true .
