  two foreigners can discuss the use of american drones for example , and use english as their means of communications , while they hate the us and the uk . 
  yes . 
  you see , most europeans speak a non english language as their mothertongue . 
  also social interaction and media will be overwelmingly non english . 
  but , english is the means of europeans to communicate with eachother ( thanks to the british empire ) , as a sort of lingua franca ( just as french and latin once were ) . 
  so most europeans speak in everday situations their own language , but will use english as a means to communicate with other europeans who speak a other language then they do . 
  native english speakers are at a disadvantage here because they are not pushed to learn a second or third language :( they are stuck in their own `` english language bubble '' o_o, 
  dream on :(, 
   by virtue of law i hold that nationality without a polish passport yes you , but not your child . 
  you were not a polish national at the moment of birth . 
  you were american . 
  you must be a troll . 
  you are stupid too : it says polish nationality o_o when you are a polish national , you can get a polish passport . 
  please go to r/shitameracanssay you will find a lot of other people like you there being posted and discussed . 
  and suddenly she said nothing anymore . 
  you are a shitty troll . 
  please take a look at this website : shit americans say : r/shitamericanssay it is full of people like you saying embarrasing things that make other americans ashamed to share their citizenship with you o_o, 
  http://www.migrant.info.pl/how-to-obtain-polish-citizenship.html  1 ) at least one of the parents holds polish nationality at the moment of the child 's birth ( right of blood ) , `` polish nationality at the moment of the child 's birth '' please show me your source that tells that you can give your chidren the polish nationality while you are a non-polish at the moment your children were born outside of poland . 
  yes , but the parent needs to have a polish passport at the birth of the child . 
  this is not the case . 
  your birthright gives you only the right to ask for polish passport . 
  it does n't mean you are polish for all your life o_o, 
  it gives you the right to ask for a polish passport . 
  it does n't mean you are polish al your life o_o, 
  yes , but you did n't got a polish passport when your children were born , you were ( i quess ) american at that time . 
  yes , but op was not polish when his children were born though . 
  you were not born polish , so i am not sure if your children have the right to become polish ... 
  i am never drunk . 
  who in his rightious mind would want to poison himself so to forget the life you have and the situation you are in , to wake up the next day to have a terrible headache that pounds in your mind ? 
  only for misserable people o_o that said , my go to food would be `` broodje shoarma '' http://klavertje.wendyonline.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/kma_foto-9746.jpg, 
  thanks for the tips and review !, 
  i will try to choose from so many things to do . 
  great !, 
  what are must see and do things ? 
  is the seaside a place to visit , or is the city center the place where interresting things can be done or visited ? 
   people in fracking or other resource extraction areas , how do you feel about it ? 
  seriously o_o what do you think people are going to say about their means of making money ? 
  they are happy with it , because it pays their monthly bills . 
  what do bankers think of giving loans to poor people ? 
  same sort of question ... 
  i will go on holliday to edinburg , uk . 
  i 've heared it is a seaside city with lot 's of interresting vibrant things to do . 
  i will buy a lonely planet/capitool/anwb cityguide and we will have a great time  i 've been to the uk several times before and the cities are very lively . 
  i am sure , at the end of the long weekend i will have gained a lot of great moments and spend a lot of money o_o ( you spend pounds in the uk like they were euro 's unfortunately ) after that long weekend i still have 5 weeks of summer holliday that i will spend in museums and in the sun at home :d, 
  you are comparing area 's within the uk ( england , scotland , northern-ireland and wales ) with entire eu countries o_o, 
  but boarding a plane is so boring and so not exiting . 
  is it more fun in the usa ? 
  here discrimination is against the law and will not be tollerated , that 's what i meant with my values and principles . 
  but what i heared from your account is that discriminatory behaviour is common practiced in portugal , it 's almost a part of your culture and there is no government that makes this go away or send the police to stop this . 
  that is what i mean with ( and i will quote myself here ) `` that is why i will visit a lot of countries were i am welcome and people will have prejudice against other groups in their own society , but will never visit portugal were they discriminate other portugeese . '', 
  do n't you understand : portugeese are treating other fellow portugeese like shit and you and your government let it happen o_o shame on you portugal !, 
  portugal , i will never visit you :(, 
   prejudice if you think prejudice is the same a full blown discrimination against your own fellow countrymen , then we do n't share the same values and priciples . 
  having a prejudice is not forbidden , but acting to it ( discrimination ) is !, 
  that is why i will visit a lot of countries were i am welcome and people will have prejudice against other groups in their own society , but will never visit portugal were they discriminate other portugeese . 
  shame on you portugal o_o, 
   fairly common  not that rare  wrong behaviour in a country means everyone does it . 
  not everybody , but i am sure it 's `` fairly common '' and it 's possibly `` not that rare '' at all . 
   because some establishments are racist , you 're assuming the whole country is ? 
  i will quote the op here ( yes that 's you ) from his header post : `` in portugal , this is a common thing '' o_o, 
  because i do n't want to go to a country where i am welcome because i am a foreigner with money , but a poor roma portugeese person is not . 
  that sounds like terrible discrimination to me . 
   is n't that the same as what i just described ? 
  o.o yes , absolutely . 
  it sounds like terrible discrimination to me . 
  it sounds like terrible discrimination to me . 
  portugal is off my bucketlist forever :(, 
  thanks did n't know that . 
   in portugal , this is a common thing used in caf\u00e9s and restaurants and i was wondering if it happens only in our country . 
  only in portugal o_o sounds a bit like superstition from strange underdeveloped people . 
  i ques it only happens in portugal in far away backwater places deep in the countryside were people are marying their cousins . 
  i ca n't believe educated normal portugeese would do such a thing . 
  portugal is a developed first world country . 
  here in the netherlands we do n't use russian , but we can hear it on tv on a regular basis . 
  we subtitle our programms , also people on the news . 
  so whenever there is a news item about russia , i will hear the russian language  this only works for the dutch and belgian news . 
  newsprogramm 's in other countries , like cnn or bbc get subbed . 
  that is so terrible :(, 
   planning on a roadtrip down the continent a raodtrip , sounds fun and adventurous !, 
  something that you keep talking about for years to come , and tell to eachother about all the crazy and adventurous things you saw and did during this time . 
  but , then you need to experience adventures and crazy things in the first place , and that is not going to happen if you first going to see what the local camping laws are . 
  you are young and wild , live your life now you can . 
  in a few years time you all will have a boring job , a nagging wife , screaming adhd kids , a drewling smelly dog , a house that is way too expensive and you get grey hair way too soon . 
  now is your time to have fun in life : just go camping and forget about the camping laws . 
  enjoy your life now that it is still fun !, 
   it has wooden ceilings , nicer furniture and lavender smell  you might get body searched i do n't think the lavender smell will make you feel better when they put a hand up your arse though o_o, 
  first : what is tsa ? 
  second : the security here is very good . 
  you get checked , have to throw away your bottled water , get to take off your belt and put your wallet and other small belongings on a tray to be scanned , you try not to laugh or to look too sad , just normal , then you buy a much too expensive bottle of water and wait wait wait to get boarded . 
  after you get seated in the plane and sit cramped up in your uncomfy chair next to a person who is too loud and talks to you too much , you think `` i do n't care for all of this because it 's vacation time and i only fly a few times a year , part of the vacation ritual '' o_o op , why are you so interrested in this ? 
  i rather live in a small proper house from brick and other strong materials , then a large wooden shed o_o, 
  did n't know this . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  i do n't think poor eu citizens would like to immigrate to the us though . 
  if poor people would like to go to live in the us , they most probably will be from very poor countries already , like mexico and other middle - and south american countries . 
  it works both ways ? 
  it 's a internal uk matter , ireland has to wait and accept what the uk decides . 
  nobody realy knows what going to happen if the uk leaves , just wait and see . 
  the same goes for the netherlands , italy , germany , luxemburg , etc. 
  it will all have concequences for all of them , for some more then others .
