   live in small houses made out of cardboard south of the border in mexico they would call that a shantytown . 
  in the us it 's called a middleclass neighbourhood o_o, 
   the thought of it turned me gay i 'm sorry , but in most eu countries gays can also marry and have full citizenship o_o maybe op is gay , and getting married would give him citizenship , the same as hetrosexuals . 
  why are you so sarcastic about people being gay ? 
  are you maybe a sort of a religious person ? 
  one that lives by a doctrine and refuses to think for him/herself ? 
  i am also not waiting for a poor american :( maybe you want to volenteer ? 
  were not waiting here for poor americans , so you will have only one real option of getting citizenship . 
  you will have to seduce a eu man/woman and to get him/her to marry with you and get them to support you during this time . 
  good luck !, 
  ofcourse you are right . 
  but i had to keep answer simple or would have typed 40 sentences more o_o i was generalising a bit . 
  you are a troll :(, 
   is n't much parking space in european cities , but the rest ? 
  bumping into other cars and tolerating damage to your car ? 
   please read my whole comment , not just the first part . 
  in the second part i talk about the situation outside of the big cities o_o, 
  please try to read better next time : i was talking about a small bump from bumper to bumper , not hitting a car and denting it . 
  also , i have seen several times , both in amsterdam as in the hague that people , who were denting ( hitting ) a car would put a note behind the windscreen . 
  i do n't know hwere you live , but i think it is not in the netherlands , when you are saying something like that . 
  it is you who is eating something out of his ... btw : we are not on a first name bases , so please use my whole name of goeie-ouwe-henk . 
  maybe you are right and i am just projecting the dutch situation on a pan-european scale . 
  ofcourse i am narrow minded , because i have the netherlands as my point of reference . 
  i would be very interrested in hearing what the situation is like in , for instance , sweden . 
  i do n't think it was carpetbombed , and the inner cities are cramped and narrow , i ques , just as in the netherlands . 
   most people in larger german cities do not own a car , because it is not practical and too expensive . 
  there is public transport and car sharing in the netherlands , almost all people have a car , only a small portion of people in inner cities do n't , even when public transport is very good and costs of owning a car are very high here in the netherlands , people want a car and do own one ( or sometimes even more then one ) . 
   not in germany that 's because mr. churchill wanted to bomb germany at the end of wwii back to the stone age , and tried to destoy as much of germany as possiblle and kill as many germans as possibble before the russians would reach berlin . 
  the british have bombed so many german cities off the map :( ( in munster , in the city museum at the saltstrasse , is a aerialpicture of munster right after it was carpetbombed and completely destroyed , almost no stone was on top of a other one ) . 
  because of this , german inner cities are often rebuild very spacefully with enough space for cars , more like us cities i ques . 
  berlin is a nice example of this . 
  there will be no effect at all . 
  brexit is a uk internall matter and has nothing to do with spain . 
  gibraltar is british so will stay british forever . 
  there is realy absolutely no debate about this in the uk . 
  only nationalistic spanish people want to invade gibraltar . 
  but those people where there before the brexit debate in the uk and will stay there after that . 
  it will have no impact on the spanish election . 
  i think the main issue will be about jobs , in the next spanish election . 
  spain is a relatively poor country with loads of youth that ca n't find a job , with a aging population but with fewer and fewer people who can pay taxes . 
  spain has already a lot of debt and that will continue to rise in the comming years . 
  economically , spain is heading for a deasaster in the long run . 
  they will have to make some difficult adjustments to their pensions , national work laws and spending by the government . 
  it 's economically already a weak country , but if the next government will not act and deliver , spain could ( on the long run ) go to `` level greece '' . 
  they must realy get their pension funding in order . 
  to keep the pensions payeble for the future , they have to find a better way to fund it , like in the netherlands . 
  here , people are by law bound to put money in a pensionfund . 
  also the employer has to pay pensionfundmoney for their empoyees . 
  this means you are saving for your own pension . 
  in some southern european countries they just borrow money to pay that years pensionmoney to the people . 
  that is unsustainable in the future . 
  spain you have to act now !!, 
   hitting a parked car and just ignoring it and walking away screams `` hit and run '' to me ... 
  i think parking is one of the few things that unites europe as a continent . 
  but there is a hughe divide , not along borders , but between the countryside and cities all along europe . 
  european cities were build in a time people walked , a few people went on horseback , rich farmers could afford a car pulled by animals and only the elite 's traveled in carrages . 
  that meant very narrow streets and ofcourse no parkingplaces for cars , there were simply no cars . 
  only recently , about 60 years , people are having the wealth and means to buy cars en masse . 
  and they do , almost all people own a car nowadays , even very poor people do . 
  only a few enviremental freaks and highbrow people do n't , just a supertiny minority . 
  because the european inner cities are so old , people like to live there , it 's very pleasing to the eye and it 's vibrent/lively and has a high concentration of services and work . 
  but it also means that you have to park a lot of cars that the inner city was not build for . 
  it means fithing/making use for every availeble space , it 's realy a matter that every centimeter must be used . 
  so bumping into other people 's car is unavoidable . 
  people will tollerate this , as long as it it is just a small bump ( they do it themselves too ) . 
  when it is a real serious hit , people will usually put a note behind the waterscraper on the windshield of the other car with a `` sorry for the hit '' and a telephone number on it . 
  it can happen , no big deal/end of the world . 
  my brother lives in amsterdam , so when i visit him , he sometimes has to drive up to 15 minutes in his neighbourhood to find a parkingplace , he just keeps circling around until their is a place availeble . 
  how different it is on the countryside : a lot of parkingspace , newly build houses come with their own parking space already build next to , or in front of , the houses . 
  no need for bumping in between two cars to get parked . 
  so when someting goes wrong , the tolleration on the countryside is a lot less then in the cities . 
  when parking goes wrong , people will come to you looking very angry and sometimes even say not so nice words to you to expres their feelings and anger o_o it is also not done , to park your car in front of somebodies else 's house , when you can park somewhere else . 
  also somebodie who lives for ages in the same house can `` claim '' the public parkingspace in front of their house . 
  everybody is allowed to park there , but by social convention/agreement , everybody nows it the parkingspace of the person who lives there . 
   found uk drivers to be largely similar to americans , except more polite and competent , and greek drivers seemed to be just threading the needle of chaos on a continuous basis ... though never actually crashing ! ), 
  driving styles are very nation bound . 
  as you said , you already found out that 3 countries ( usa , uk and greece have all a unique driving style , the same goes for all other countries , even for small ones like luxemburg ( very much so for luxemburg !, 
  do i know you ? 
  are we on a first name bases ? 
  otherwise it 's goeie-ouwe-henk for you o_o, 
  please use english as your language of conversation . 
   one is utopian where everybody is well taken care of , and despite working relatively fewer hours , do n't really have many economic concerns it 's not utopian o_o it 's just a matter of using taxation to redistribute money from high incomes to people with low incomes . 
  it does n't mean a egalitarian society , but it does mean a lot of security in life and all the human basic needs covered ( like decent housing , food , clothing , modern apliances like tv , pc , washing machine , dryer , etc and things that makes you happy like vacation ) . 
  but also the society as a whole benefits : good roads and infrastructure , trains and busses that are connecting towns and villages . 
  a decent tv and cable connection , good education , good level of healthcare availeble for all , etc. 
   in the other , unemployment , particularly youth unemployment , is high , and the continent is mired in slow growth i think you are getting a few things mixed up here . 
  economic europe is divided in a few area 's : - north west europe ( including northern italy ) . 
  very industrial , economic/financial hart of europe . 
  - souther europe ( medeterenean area ) . 
  big consumer markets , but much less indusrty . 
  slightly less developed . 
  eastern europe : less developed , much poorer then western europe . 
  have a lot of outdated technology , infrastructure ( from the cold war period ) . 
  also , corruption is a hughe problem there . 
  economy and infrastructure is getting better slowly by massive money injections from the eu ( for eu members only ofcourse ) . 
  corruption stays a very big problem , and is tied to the culture in eastern europe . 
  that is up to the people there to get more like north western europeans . 
  because of all the money pumped into the eastern european eu zone , you get to see more and more the difference there between eu and non-eu area 's . 
  the south of europe is where the high youth unemployment is playing out . 
  it 's because they do n't have much indusrty ( in comparrison with north west europe ) and are consuming more then they produce.it ; s not so much about the social system they have in place .
