  the price that the dutch society pays for it is that 1/3th of what you earn is going straight to the government . 
   without those problems in europe , the slower growth may not be a big deal . 
  but it is a big deal : we have a aging population , they need to get their retirement . 
  in some countries , like the netherlands , are big retirement funds . 
  they have hundreds of billions of dollars ( euro 's ) in stocks and cash . 
  but some countries , mostly the southern countries , pay the retirement of the population as part of their government budget : they borrow that monet every year . 
  more and more people get old , and less and less people pay taxes . 
  so more money needs to get borrowed each year :(, 
   i was tested , and confirmed that i am ethnically irish your delusional and weird at the same time . 
  are you drunk or are you on some kind of drugs now ? 
  i ca n't take you seriously anymore :(, 
   because i have ancestors now you are realy realy weird . 
  how can you dna test a culture ? 
  you are very weird now o_o again , you claim to be so much % irish , while being a american , but avoid to explain why you want to profile yourself like this . 
  please please please , tell me why you want to be irish while you have nothing in common with ireland . 
  it sounds so delusional . 
  we also have the patato version , but the kroket is the most common one of them here in the netherlands . 
  there is now also a version of it that you can warm-up in the oven : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4b1dpo3n57y and ofcourse bitterballen : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=obriro9tn_k, 
   to criticizing my choice of words and rightly so o_o now i am sure you are realy not bright : you claim to be irish , while being a american . 
  please take a look at this website : r/shitamericanssay it is not a nice sub , but it has a hughe collection with replies from people like you , who are also ashamed of being culturally american . 
  why do you want to be something else ? 
  please explain to me , because it 's so weird . 
  and what 's interresting also , is ( when i look at all these people 's treads on r/shitamericanssay ) that nobody says he 's so much % english , while most of the settlers in the us were english . 
  it realy sounds to me it 's just picking what suits you best , what you want to be the most . 
  like creating a interresting identity for yourself , rather then being just one of those millions of other us people . 
  as long as you are not a american anymore . 
  no problem , glad to help o7, 
   in fact ~ 50 % irish racially irish is a race now ? 
  you must be or not very bright or a troll . 
  i hope for you it 's the troll thing though o_o i almost would think this is sas, 
   i never claimed to be european why then do you consider yourself irish ( and i quote ) ` i 'm more like ~ 50 % irish '' ? 
  this realy sounds like you do n't want to be a american , why else would you say something like this . 
  i understand that the us has some realy terrible problems , and you want to distance yourself from it , but do n't forget that the us has some good things also . 
  who 's bitchy here ? 
  ( hint , it 's you ) . 
  you are american and born and raised in the us . 
  your parents are american : you are american . 
  why do you want to be something else ? 
  are you ashamed of being american ? 
  or do you want to be special , like , i 'm not as the rest , ` i 'm more like ~ 50 % irish '' ? 
   you 're bitchy comment does n't make me give a fuck you are bothered enough to reply though . 
   since my grandmother from ireland used to make it so you are like 27 % irish-american / s o_o you are not european , please go to r/askanamerican, 
   although i 'm american stopped reading at this point o_o this is r/askeurope there is also a r/askanamerican i 'm sure you will like it there . 
  google is your friend :d, 
  they are made of meat ragout covered in breadcrumbs which is subsequently deep-fried . 
  sambal : https://sybaritica.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/sambal-belacan-1.jpg kroket : http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/twee-nederlandse-snacks-die-kroket-met-mosterd-worden-geroepen-19676368.jpg sambal on a kroket : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zocnngfdrd4 bitterballen are also nice : http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/de-traditionele-nederlandse-geroepen-snack-bitterballen-20983176.jpg, 
  it 's both : because i live in europe , i have a narrow minded view of what i would consider europe ( culture ) . 
  but other europeans in , for example , spain would define europe ( culture ) completely different . 
  when you look at europe ( culture ) as a outsider , you see a lot of different culture zones ( variety , contrast ) . 
  but when you live there , you just experience a tiny fraction of it , and that tiny fraction becomes your point of reference . 
  but ofcourse , as a defenition , every culture on the european continent is a european culture . 
  for europe ( continent ) : from the atlantic to the ural mountains , from the north pole to the medeterenean sea it 's a geographical given . 
  http://www.map-of-europe.us/map-of-europe-720.gif for europe ( culture ) : this depends on what your defenition is of `` european '' . 
  it will greatly depends on where you live . 
  i live in almelo , the netherlands , and i have traveled to most of the surrounding countries . 
  what i found out was that this is the area to what i consider europe proper : - to the north : scandinavia , they have a culture that is rather the same as in the netherlands . 
  - to the east : germany , austria . 
  germany is also rather simular to the netherlands . 
  austria is a bit different , but still feels like the europe i call home . 
  - to the south : germany , switzerland . 
  the alps are a real border here . 
  i went to northern italy , but that did n't feel like my europe anymore . 
  it 's just a general feeling , not a scientific fact , other europeans will disagree with me probably . 
  also northern france , paris . 
  more to the south get 's different rapidly . 
  - to the west : the uk , but i hessitate here . 
  superficial it felt a bit the same as the netherlands , but it was not quite the same realy , when i talked to more and more people there . 
  i almost would consider it out of my european zone . 
  it does n't mean that oher countries in europe would n't be european , but `` they are not my europe '' . 
  i am sure somebody living somewhere else will have a completely different idea of what europe ( culture ) is to him/her . 
  for europe ( economically ) : there are some area 's that are different from eachother in some degree : - north west europe ( including northern italy ) . 
  very industrial , economic/financial hart of europe . 
  - souther europe ( medeterenean area ) . 
  big consumer markets , but much less indusrty . 
  slightly less developed . 
  eastern europe : less developed , much poorer then western europe . 
  have a lot of outdated technology , infrastructure ( from the cold war period ) . 
  also , corruption is a hughe problem there . 
  economy and infrastructure is getting better slowly by massive money injections from the eu ( for eu members only ofcourse ) . 
  corruption stays a very big problem , and is tied to the culture in eastern europe . 
  that is up to the people there to get more like north weatern europeans . 
  because of all the money pumped into the eastern european eu zone , you get to see more and more the difference there between eu and non-eu area 's . 
  europe ( politically ) : there is the eu as a political structure and there are the countries on the outside of it . 
  countries like norway , switzerland and iceland can afford to stay out of it ( but they are so tied to it by rules and regulations that they are almost a functional part of it ) . 
  and the non members in the east of europe , are the economic loosers of today o_o https://community.ebay.com/ebay01/attachments/ebay01/archivenewtoebay/23810/1/mappa_eu.png europe can mean a lot of different things , and this will differ from person to person . 
   that is n't that much better , if at all , than batista was please read a historybook and learn how the cubans had to suffer under the us backed batista o_o, 
  it 's a step by step proces : too much freedom now would likely lead up to the collapse of the government . 
  so little by little ( hand in hand with economic progress ) , the government could tollerate more pinions in the press . 
  but it 's very tricky , look to china and what happened to the coup/take over attempt by thge fallon gong . 
  they were crushed just in time , before they could start a revolution . 
  cuba will have learned from this . 
   new form of capitalism based on entrepreneurs rather than global corporations that would be a argument to keep their borders closed for international companies . 
  i 'm not sure if cuba has enough to gain from a open border agreement ( ttip ) . 
  the people in charge are not fools , they want what 's best for their country and economy . 
   in places like asia and us you have to earn a good rating score to get personal loan here in the netherlands you 're fanancial status is checked : - on the plus side is your income and what you own ( like a house or land ) . 
  also cash on the bank is a plus . 
  - bad for you is a `` fawlty credit registration '' . 
  if you had loans or subscription fee 's you could n't or wanted to pay off , you are marked in a registration . 
  after this registration it will be very difficult for a number of years to get a personal credit . 
  it is a quotation out of a document from the 18th century , and you still use that ?
