  for example : the same with the us , many people do n't want to keep nato in place , but that is a minority view and that of the us government . 
  as far as i know , the us has no complicated relationship with nato also . 
   eastern european relations fascinate me , with countries having complicated relationships with russia and the eu/nato i do read something else . 
  if he was a non-native english speaker , it could be the case . 
  but he has identified himself as a us national , so he does know exactly how to read and write english in a proper way , as a instrument to communicate a thought to others . . 
  we have jupiler in the netherlands also , so it 's a worldwide brand !, 
  european union . 
  that 's all i am going to say here o_o, 
  walking is very cheap . 
  if you have a bit more money to spend i would recommend hitch-hiking . 
  ... flying is cheapest , train a bit more expensive but easier . 
  use google to find the cheapest alternative . 
  why should eastern european countries have a complicated relationship with the eu and or nato ? 
  the eu is a political organisation that many eastern european countries were eager to join , to be inbedded into a stable political zone , and to give a boast to their econimies . 
  nato is a militairy organisation to protect all members from agression from outside the group . 
  as far as i know , all eastern european members were celebrating rhe joining of nato to protect them from agression friom russia . 
  what are the complicated parts of their relationships with these two organisations ? 
  i do n't know if we have us military bases here in the netherlands . 
  but if we have , i do n't care . 
  why should i ? 
  i also have never met a us military person , so i have no idea what to think about them . 
  what are `` ice lake rebels '' ? 
  never heared of them ? 
  staple beer here in the netherlands and belgium . 
  comparable with your biggest brands , nothing special about them , availeble in every supermarket and bar in their native countries respectifly . 
  if you can and you are out of your area , get this beer : grolsch kanon http://www.blik-op-blik.nl/2013_nieuwe_blikken/2013-nl-grolsch_kanon.jpg it is brewed locally here in the grolsch brewery in enschede , in the east of the netherlands , ( 10 kolometers from where i live ) and it is very strong and a bit sweet . 
  just do n't drink it in one go , but take a whole evening for it , while eating a french cheese . 
  very nice !, 
  no , i will not . 
  again , my comment was funny because ? 
  and that 's funny because ? 
  they are very ok : you can say what you want , but you are not allowed to call names or make allogations to someone that are supported by factual evidence . 
   1 ) it was the first successful independence war against a european power . 
    2 ) most things about the government it established were revolutionary . 
  the dutch independant war was earlier then yours against spain , the habsburg ( european ) superpower of it 's day . 
  after independance , it became a republic . 
  so what 's so new and revolutionairy about your independance war ? 
  so basically , this sounds like the birthstories of so many countries . 
  i am sure it is something to be thought on your history classes , but why should a foreigner be exited by it ? 
  so many countries started out with a revolution o_o for example : the netherlands were basicaly ruled over by the spanish and some of these ruled over provinces started a revolution because of too high taxation by the spanish and the intollerance by the spanish government . 
  after a 80 years war they retreated and the netherlands was independant . 
  do i expect you to think something about it or be exited by it ? 
  a few colonies on the edge of the british empire that were not worth fiting for , so the british did n't . 
  just as what happened with many carrebean islands , they swapped also from owner many times because they were too samell/insignificant to fight a full war over . 
  but to be honest , i realy do n't have much knowledge about the inner workings of the british empire of that time . 
  it is not a subject that was realy indept thought in out history class in school . 
   europe 's institutions becoming more unified , even to the point of a federal `` superstate '' if that is how the eu is presented to the uk public , it is hughly misinformed . 
  there is not even a `` federal superstate '' in sight at the moment . 
  what we have right now are a bunch of sovereign nations that have choosen to work together . 
  in order to create a `` federal superstate '' , you first need europeans . 
  but they do n't exist at the moment . 
  it will take many generations before there is such a trust in eachother that we would accept a foreigner at the helm of our own national governments . 
  at the moment ca n't imagine that a erman national would be prime minister in the uk for instance . 
  if the brexit fear is a `` federal superstate '' , the majority vote should be `` stay in eu '' . 
  i like this beer : grolsch kanon http://www.blik-op-blik.nl/2013_nieuwe_blikken/2013-nl-grolsch_kanon.jpg it is brewed locally here in the grolsch brewery in enschede , in the east of the netherlands , ( 10 kolometers from where i live ) and it is very strong and a bit sweet . 
  just do n't drink it in one go , but take a whole evening for it , while eating a french cheese . 
  very nice !, 
  - go to your local highstreet or shoppingcenter - look for a optician - ask for non-name brand , but decent , sunglasses - you are now a proud owner of a pair of non-name brand , but decent , sunglasses !, 
  also congratulations to the r/askeurope blog with 7.000 followers :d, 
  yes , but it 's better not to talk about these things with people from other countries . 
  they do n't always understand why we do things here in the netherlands . 
  they do n't have a country that is so densily populated and homogenous as our own country . 
  they do n't understand how much our socialist healthcare realy costs , how much our elderly are a burdon on society as a whole . 
  please do n't mention the euthanesia-factories all across our country , they could mistake them for `` old people killing factories '' / s, 
  eastern european countries are nationalistic with a reason : they were treatened in their existance by the ussr and germany for a long time . 
  now that they are independant , they are eager to keep it that way . 
  when they feel safe in the eu after a while , i think the need for nationalism will slowly go away . 
  because these toilets have to be cleaned and maintained , and that costs money o_o why else ? 
  problem is : what you will see as refugees are in fact also migrants : for example , many syrian `` refugees '' are people who first fled from the warzone to a neighbouring country , like libanon or jordania . 
  there they live for some time and after they have found out that they have no future there , they will move on to a place where they can live best : western europe . 
  although they originaly come from a warzone , they are not the classical refugees that many imagine . 
  they diliberately choose a country to go to . 
  that 's why many of these people are refused asylum , because they come from safe-countries , not directly from a warzone . 
  my healthcare here in the netherlands is very good . 
  i had a eye operation almost 3 months ago , and it went like this : first i went to the gp , that is free , then the gp sent me to the eye specialist in the hospital in my city , and they did a lot of tests and a scan . 
  that costed me my `` personal risk money '' , money you have to pay before the health insurance will cover all other costs . 
  that was around 400 euro 's ( it 's the same for all dutch people ) . 
  that specialist then sended me to a specialised academic hospital in groningen , in the north of the netherlands . 
  there i also got many tests and i saw a lot of docters and proffesor that did my operation . 
  that was all free . 
  also the operation was free and my stay at the hotel next to the hospital ( with a helping person because i was not able to see for some time ) was covered . 
  i had to pay my own meals though . 
  also i was not able to get to the hostital myself , so i was brought to the hostital and brought back home by taxi . 
  also the many check ups and the taxi that i used for those check ips were free ( i had to pay 1 time 100 euro 's for the taxi , after that there were no costs involved ) . 
  so my whole operation costed me 500 euro 's . 
  all other medical costs for this year are free for me from now on , 
  we did a lot of football when i was young . 
  and also ( not in the backyard , but on the street in front of our house ) `` stoepranden '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gjcsjdhikx8 and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmhzknfkikm now that i am old , we just sit in chairs and drink beer , eat something nice and tasty . 
  now : former warschaw pact , living standard closest to their eastern neighbours , religion still plays a significant part in society , very nationalistic : eastern europe for sure . 
  20 years from now : established eu member , living standards closest to their western neighbours , a secular society , nationalism is frowned upon : western europe . 
  polish people are hard working and willing to invest their hard earned cash back into their own country . 
  yes , you are right , it 's a nationality thing !, 
  i feel younger already , 
  thanks for the explanation . 
  i 'm not one of those `` young people from now '' anymore , i have become one of those `` old fossils from the past '' :( i try to keep up , but slowly i am beginning to miss certain things and sayings that younger people do understand . 
   upset a lot of racists here in the netherlands , racism is not much of a thing realy . 
  most refugees are caucasian anyway , as are allmost all legal immigrants nowadays ( we had a mass influx of blacks from suriname in the past though , and still some are comming , mostly for educational reasons , from the dutch antilles ) . 
  here discrimination is different : cultural discrimination . 
  for example : most polish people have rather blond hair with a white skin , but they are culturaly secondhand people here :( unfortunately , the netherlands is not free of discrimination . 
   i 'm on mobile at the mo what is `` the mo '' ?
