  but the real issue here is that the us is loosing it 's grasp very slowly on this region , and china is very slowly gaining influence . 
  it seems inevertable that china will dominate this region in the long future , the question is more : can and will the us allow china to do this and slowly retreat , or will they try to hold on power , no matter what . 
  because of this , it 's interresting to see what the outcome will be of the us elections , what strategy the next president of the us will set out for this region : one of confrontation or one of a very slow retreat . 
  and what will the other south east asian countries do , will they also exept china as the dominant country in the region , or will they contest this ? 
  war is bad and will disrupt trade and so will be bad for rotterdam . 
  for the netherlands \u00edt is of vital interrest that the strait of malakka stays open to all shipping and that the south china sea is open for all tradevessels . 
  who controls it is of lesser importance , as long as free access is guarenteed for everyone , so that goods can flow and enter north west europe trough the port of rotterdam . 
  no , this is correct , and if you were reffering to the yellow phraising : yes , i meant yellow , not asian . 
  as i explained before , i was talking about race , not geographical locations . 
  i just call them yellow ( no judgement attached ) . 
  please explain to these serbs that the idea that caused their death was worth it o_o https://theremustbejustice.wordpress.com/2014/10/06/djakovica-kosovo-and-metohija-occupied-territories-mass-graves-with-murdered-serbs-discovered/ you defend this ? 
  you are crazy !!, 
   you say is `` war is bad nothing justifi\u00e9s death that 's right , killing in the name of ... whatever ... is the most terrible thing you can do . 
  and you are glorifying it . 
  you are a monster o_o, 
  says the person who defends war and killing people for `` a grand idea '' you are coocoo !, 
   you have no idea what oppression is ... 
  there are times when you have to fight please stop this nationalistic ranting . 
  you are calling for war and people to die o_o you are horrible . 
   some regions are perfecrly happy , but some feel oppressed and yes , sadly they have to fight that was my point o_o  in ukraine it 's kind of the same thing , the russian populations not feeling represented by the government in kiev ( and also , financed by moscow ) . 
  again my point nationalism causes wars and death people o_o and you are defending wars and the killing of people . 
  you are the best example of how nationalism can dilute your thinking . 
   puppet state of another country that forbids you to practice your religion religion should be banned anyway , also many deaths were caused by religious wars :( nationalism and religion are two of the most terrible things that happened to human societies throughout the ages :( split up of yougoslavia for example , that is in out time period . 
  ukraine and the russian rebels also was in the news this year . 
  it 's a thing of all ages unfortunately :( people proud of their region are realy dangerous !, 
  too many regional wars in europe , but this is one : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighty_years%27_war it was a terrible war that costed many people their lives and livelyhood . 
  and for what ? 
  we still pay taxes and religion is on a very steep decline . 
  it wa n't worth all this terrible deaths and destruction and suffering . 
  you want this also for your region ? 
  you 're not right in your mind . 
  war is not glorious or fantastic , it 's the most terrible situation a person can experience :( stop nationalism !, 
  please go read a historybook on european history . 
  just start around 500 after 0 . 
  happy cakeday !, 
   fundamental problem remains . 
  everything you see is refracted through a lens ofcourse , and it is important to keep this thought in the back of your mind . 
  but the more fragments you take to you through different media outlets , the more viewpoints you have on the issue at hand . 
  at the same time you get to understand how different facts are percieved in different places and countries and cultures around the world . 
  this nuance i miss so much when i hear us citizens discuss a topic . 
  and the most akward thing is that they do n't seem to grasp this , their world ends where the us has n't got a presnece or interrest . 
  many of my friends , family and colleagues have visited the us , and one of the things they were baffled about was that in almost every newspaper you had segments , like local news , national news , sports , economy , etc , but when they came at the end of us newspapers ( and were expecting some international news ) , the newspapers just ended , no international news . 
  it was like there was no outside world beyond the us o_o, 
  first , it 's a german christmas tradition , not a `` european `` one . 
  i have been to this type of christmas market in germany for a few times in the city of munster : ( warning : dutch language ) http://www.kerstmarkt-duitsland.com/munster http://www.germany-christmas-market.org.uk/muenster_christmas_market.php if you have the chance , try to visit one . 
  there great !, 
   seriously , you dudes have a totally warped view of what goes on here in the netherlands we have access to a lot of different news media , us and from other countries , all with their own perspectives . 
  it gives a wide range view on a subject from many cultural viewpoints . 
  ofcourse there is no sucht thing as the truth , it gives you a perspectives on many views that different people regard as their thruths . 
  in the us , people only have access or watch domestic news media due to the `` english language bubble '' . 
  because the worlds lingua franca is english , us people are not pushed to learn more then their own mothertongue . 
  this creates a very narrow minded view on things happening in the us and around the world . 
  europe is not a country o_o could you be a more specific ? 
  i 'm not sure if they are realy reality tv stars ( i almost never watch tv ) , but these people are mentioned somethimes by my colleagues and students on my school : gerard joling https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhgpkfb0cn4 gordon ( no idea if this is his first or last name ) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=be8k8x-01ro, 
  then we defenately do n't agree . 
   how has brexit affected your interest/ability concerning employment in the uk in the future ? 
  with the uk out of the eu , it will no longer be part of it , so free movement of people from the eu inside of it will no longer be possible for and to the uk . 
  it 's up to the future uk government to decide who it wants to let in or not . 
   how do you feel about the uk as a travel destination ? 
  how did you feel about it before the brexit vote ? 
  because the uk is not a member of the schengen area , there is already border control at this moment . 
  also they do n't use the euro so they have different money you have to exchange . 
  so travelwise , there will be no change at all , exept that you probably need a visa in the future when they have left the eu . 
   do you feel more welcome , or less welcome , in the uk after hearing about the outcome of the vote ? 
  why do you feel this way ? 
  why should i feel less welcome there ? 
  the uk has n't changed , they just decided to step out of a group of countries working together . 
  please do n't confuse the eu for the us . 
   has the treatment of uk citizens in your country changed since the vote ? 
  has their behavior towards residents of your country changed since the vote ? 
  no change here . 
  the choice to leave the eu was a internal uk matter , nobody outside of the uk cares . 
  you may percieve this as such , due to the `` english language bubble '' you live in . 
  on anglo-saxon media , it was big news with lot 's of coverage and emotions , outside of the anglo-saxon bubble , it was on the news as a uk thing , not emotional but factual . 
  and part of many other news segments , not the main story all days/weeks long . 
   do you think this change will positively or negatively impact uk culture ? 
  if the uk will leave , they will isolate themselves from the eu , and that means less contact with other eu countries . 
  if that is good or bad is up to every individual to decide for themselves . 
  the uk have not only decided to just leave the eu , they also decided ( as a nation ) to leave the eu founding dream of `` never a european war again due to economical dependency on eachother , that no country should be able to set up a war-economy on itself anymore '' . 
  i live in almelo , the netherlands and live next to the historic center with the old church . 
  https://stock-foto.nationalebeeldbank.nl/nationalebeeldbank_2013-11-832177-2_almelo-grote-kerk.jpeg and http://www.tubantia.nl/polopoly_fs/1.4717951.1421421900!/image/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/landscape_800_600/image-4717951.jpg it rings every hour : - one ring for 1 oclock - two rings for two oclock etc - they also ring bells for funerals and weddings . 
  nowadays only a handfull of old people are church members anymore , so not much wedding rings o_o on the other side of the city , there is also a mosk , where they sing/shout from a tower on fridays and during ramadan ( some sort of holliday for muslims ) . 
  http://img.rtvoost.nl/t3/249380.jpg i do n't like this ringing and shouting from these religious groups ( i always think that religion has to stay personal , no public displays of it ) but unfortunately they are permitted to do so :( i hope one day religion will dissapear and i can live without all the ringing and shouting . 
  dutch , just as yellow and white lifelong citizens : / ( no , not asians , i realy mean yellow ) . 
  never heared of this o_o `` i exist '' i ques , must be some sort of protest thing . 
  sounds like french , they like to protest a lot :(, 
  i was defenately wanting to mention the yellow race , not asians , because i was talking about race.in that sence it 's a racist comment for sure , but without the value judgement . 
  it was pure about race . 
  you are right ofcourse , but i realy have no explanation for it either . 
  do n't worry , vetoing is not only a uk thing , 
  the uk leaving doesnt matter for the eu , it 's just one member less . 
  the eu can do just the same with the uk or without the uk . 
  why should it matter ? 
   they make it to the quarter final , god forbid they have some fun you sound bitter and nationalistic at the same time , not my cup of tea o_o, 
  what 's wrong with yellow people ? 
  not all asians are yellow , so saying asians will not be the same . 
  and it 's very pc to condamn me for using yellow . 
  what 's wrong with it ? 
  i meant yellow , not asian . 
  grow up o_o,
