  it 's likely that the uk will be held to the letter of the articles that it has signed to govern the process , which is punishment by no definition since the government already agreed to abide by them . 
  the remain camp 's economic case was more based on the difficulties now faced by companies in the uk which operate in europe , not least the massive financial sector , particularly if the [ financial services passport ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36630606 ) is revoked ; or if not , what will have to be given up to retain it . 
  the other eu nations have their own economies to think about and a dragged-out exit process is not good for stability . 
  hence the rest of europe will want a quick exit to minimise disruption , whereas the uk will want to ease out . 
  edit : changed article link to a non paywalled one . 
  thanks automod . 
  i 'd have no complaint to make that being the case since at least they 'd have had their say in the matter . 
  it boggles my mind that they 're the majority party representing britain in the european parliament . 
  scumbag britain - complains about lack of influence in europe , elects eurosceptic meps whose main policy is non participation . 
  they even turned their backs on the orchestra playing the anthem at the opening ceremony of the parliament . 
  funny how the pre-brexit attitude of ` of course we wo n't have as bad a deal as norway ' is turning into ` do you think we can get a norway deal ? ', 
  the schadenfreude is real . 
  the irony is that the immigrants people seem most against due to coverage of them ` swarming ' over the med are from outside the eu and therefore irrelevant to a brexit . 
  immigration from outside the eu is and always has been controlled by the government . 
  such lowturnout by the 18-25 age group too , so disappointing . 
  they should have been the ones turning up in droves to protect their futures . 
  instead , their grandparents decided for them . 
  73 % in favour of remain but only 33 % of them bothered to vote ... 
  that 's not really the impression i 've gotten , there 's definitely a ` no special treatment ' line being toed by european leaders , but that 's fair enough , britain has made the decision and must live with all that entails for good or ill . 
  the uk had a fairly privileged position within the the eu and expecting that treatment to continue is unrealistic . 
  you 're moving on so soon ? 
  it 's definitely humorous , and there is value in seeing the issue laid out for a 3rd party to understand , it provides some perspective you do n't often get from the inside . 
  his style reminds me of bill bryson 's writings on the uk for the us audience , since he was american born but spent a long time in the uk . 
  technically i ca n't be slanderous on reddit , this is libel . 
  because the campaign is mostly based on `` look !, 
  # 350m more for the nhs ! '', 
  it 's at best misleading and at worst deliberate misrepresentation of fact to score votes from people who wo n't look it up . 
  where do i line up for the mars colony ? 
  i 'll allow it , but only if lancashire can come with you . 
  northern powerhouse my arse . 
  one of those came through my letterbox , it also had the # 350million figure on it which has been widely shown to be false . 
  it 's basically propaganda . 
  by which i of course meant that ukip and the rest of the far right were the ones leading their campaigns with the call for a referendum . 
  i started out smiling but it did begin to smart after a while . 
  particularly as ( for all his many faults ) cameron absolutely does not want the uk out of the eu , it 's ukip and the political far right which has kicked open that exit door . 
  cameron is just an easy target as he 's a walking posh brit stereotype . 
  the lowest common denominator of mainstream media.all the worse because is it 's so widely read . 
  on the telly ? 
  they made a new film !, 
  u wot m8 , i 'll ave you fer tha ', 
  that 's because americans see ~ ~ m ~ ~ brits as their fancy grandparents and looking on us badly would affect their self image . 
  and do n't try german food , it 's the wurst !, 
  the 99 % are growing !, 
  i recently got it wrong the other way round with the very example i gave , and was told to stop being so formal , 
  a small error can cause big big problems too , a friend of mine did on-call translation work for the police and had to sign all sorts of stuff to say she was giving a true and accurate translation on pain of prosectution, 
  thanks !, 
  i 've been trying to dust off my long-neglected german recently , that 's interesting . 
  lol it must make simultaneous translator 's jobs a nightmare !, 
  imagine that at the un having to wait til the end of a lengthy sentence to find out if a treaty had been signed or torn up ... 
  german has a polite form , it 's a little rude to use ` du ' for ` you ' when addressing a stranger , with ` sie ' being substituted instead . 
  so for ` what would you like ' - polite - `` was m\u00f6chten sie '' familiar `` was m\u00f6chtest du '' it 's a little odd as translated literally you 're asking ` what would they like ' , i guess the closes to the intended meaning in english would be the archaic form `` what would one like '' please correct me if i 'm talking bollocks, 
  it 's avoidance , the article headline says as much . 
  shady is only the beginning really , especially when as detailed further down the article luxembourg kicked up a major fuss when there was a danger their statements within the committee sessions might be published . 
  does n't look good when your public statements are all about transparency and reform , all the while presenting arguments you 're afraid to publish behind closed doors . 
  oh , absolutely , even maintenance of the infrastrucure itself is heavily subsidised via network rail . 
  for people ? 
  for insurance providers and private health care companies ? 
  it 's all their christmases at once . 
  the same thing happened to the railways - ground down then privatised . 
  reporting abuse to the authorities is still not mandatory within the church , however . 
  also i think you can forgive a bit of cynicism given that the church has been absolutely complicit in covering up the widespread repeated rapes of children , calling the victims liars then retiring off the perpetrators to nice nursing homes to be forgotten . 
  that was n't the eu , it was the central bank in an agreement with some national banks , of which the bank of england was not one . 
  nothing at all to do with the eu parliament . 
  [ mark carney disagrees with you ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/2014/sep/09/currency-union-independent-scotland-unworkable-bank-governor ) gods know what 's going to happen with ireland . 
  assuming that ` enough political will ' means throwing out all the requirements for entry ( not least the euro ) that have been and are currently being applied to applicant nations . 
  is that possible ? 
  technically yes . 
  is it likely in the least ? 
  i 'm struggling to see how . 
  there 's not much appetite in the eu for more ` special deals ' like the switzerland or norway arrangements . 
  i think you are right in that there 's sympathy for scotland , but i do n't know if that amounts to tearing up the rulebook , and assuming its not vetoed by spain etc. 
  i think there may be some kind of citizenship deal as that 's possible to do without upsetting the legislative apple cart , but full membership ... i do n't know . 
  i hope you 're right . 
  ignore my ` little england ' colleague . 
  i think the uk has drawn its strength as a nation from the melting pot of culture resultant from being europe 's punching bag over the medieval period :d, 
  i say that because of immigration policy . 
  it 's at least reasonable to assume customs policy will be fairly easy to agree . 
  a land border between free-movements-ville and brexitland would be difficult to manage if it is even possible . 
  ireland is different because of the good friday agreement , again not sure how that square can be circled . 
  it 's got potential to be a big bone of contention on both sides of the irish sea if scotland were to re-join at some stage in the future ( if at all ) . 
  a lot of what salmond was saying ie `` we 'll just keep the pound '' was in direct contradiction to the bank of england `` er , no you wo n't '' . 
  whether or not their statements were solely politically motivated is open to debate , but pegging sterling to a second newborn economy in which they have no control of interest rates/inflation sounds like a nightmare for the boe . 
  i think the best one could hope for is a situation similar to hong kong / china , in which a second currency is floated but the value tracks within a set percentage plus or minus . 
  if scotland and the remaining uk can agree a customs union and immigration agreement there 'd be no need for a border , at least while scotland remains outside the eu . 
  if it rejoins somehow then all bets are off . 
  make a total car crash of the negotiations , then say `` well , we tried but it 's best if we stay after all '' ? 
  timing will be crucial , a second ` no ' will seal the deal for a loooong time . 
  i think it is very difficult to make a sound financial case for independence right now . 
  as far as politics goes it 's piss easy , but currency , border , trade and budget are all unresolved with no ideas even on the table . 
  furthermore , a ` yes ' vote * still * results in scotland leaving the eu , with no basis to re-join in the short to medium term . 
  if scotland can resolve the above issues to its own satisfaction , then good luck friends , it 's been emotional . 
  they could just grind it up and sell it to black market chinese medicine brokers inside france , no need to even smuggle through customs as you 're already in the county you want to sell in . 
  i do n't see your point here . 
  there was a vote to join , and the uk has been a part of the decision making process ( with extra vetos ) ever since , and in fact championed many of the issues it now seems to take umbrage with - eastern europeran nations joining , freedom of movement etc. 
  the government in its current form was n't elected either ... 
  it might find more of a market for its exports , but that is offset on the raw materials it needed to make those products as well as the higher cost of its imports in general . 
  besides the uk is primarily suervice based economy . 
  i do n't put much stock in this aargument . 
  it 's like climaining it 's ok the uk has chopped its leg off because at least they have less sock related costs . 
  [ there has already been a pretty strong statement ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/netherlands-brexit-tax-avoidance-trade-deal-lodewijk-asscher-theresa-may-conservatives-a7527656.html ) against this within the eu comunity .
