do n't forget about the supreme court nomination ... they 're within a sniff of controlling all 3 branches of government . 
  you guys do have the whole zwarte piet thing going on though ... 
  i 'm amazed that a guy with a fancy private school education and a career in international banking has managed to paint himself as this ` everyman ' champion of the people . 
  have to give the guy credit for that at least , then take it all away because he 's a despicable slimeball . 
  the editorials get rather ranty though . 
  there was someone interviewed on radio 4 this morning complaining bitterly abou tthese unelected judges and peers stopping democracy . 
  ok ... 1 ) theresa may is unelected as pml if you want to sling that accusation . 
  2 ) the tories blocked lords reform when it had its chance ... do n't complain about it now . 
  either way it works for may , she gets to say ` we tried ' and stays in power probably through the next general election with a brexit manifesto or it gets approved and she gets her way regardless . 
  all the same i 'm happy she is reminded there 's no crown on her head . 
  i 'm no expert but i think mexico has probably [ had its fill of heavy handed law and order . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mexican_drug_war ) there 's a strong argument that legalisation of certain drugs would remove revenue streams for the cartels . 
  even the us legalisations have hurt their bottom line as they now have to compete on price/quality with legitimate dispensaries who do n't have the added cost of smuggling across a heavily guarded border . 
  yes yes she can also create peerages , but in practice the only power she has is the one to trigger a ` grave constitutional crisis ' herself if she were ever to attempt to use those powers . 
  i for one ca n't wait until buckingham palace is just a museum . 
  it was not an appropriate response , that person was zero threat . 
  i 'm unsure of french law , but in the uk its an offence to point even a replica firearm at someone in order to cause fear . 
  they are n't powerless like the uk royals , they have influence over policy and decision making . 
  the degree to which the saudi government cooperates with the west is dependent on the whims of these characters . 
  your logic would be sound , if they only affected their own health by smoking . 
  if they wanted to sit in the canteen and whack their own face with a 2x4 every 30sec , then go for it , but they do n't get to whack anyone else 's face for them . 
  your right to swing your arm ends a millimeter in front of my nose . 
  there was almost as much carnage in the tory party , hence new pm - they were able to pull it together as they were n't already in open revolt . 
  what 's the point of having it if there 's no benefit its members ? 
  of course that was a big factor but for me and many people i know who were remain voters it was also about citizenship and common identity as europeans . 
  the ` little england ' squad being cheered on by the right wing media are quite strong , but i 'm not sure what you consider the ` political establishment ' ... labour , the snp and the liberal democrats were all pro-eu * . 
  the lib dems are even campaigning on a platform of ` ignore the result ' right now - they are weak but i 'm certain at one point during the period you lived here the deputy pm was a lib dem . 
  the labour leader at present was not personally in favour but the party policy is reform-from-within not leave . 
  of course the state of the opposition right now is a total farce but tht was n't always the case . 
  \\* edit : how could i forget !, 
  the serving pm & chancellor also campaigned for remain ... 
  the entire basis of the ` leave ' campaign was an anti-establishment one . 
  there are a lot of brits who feel that way . 
  almost half in fact :p, 
  next week - demand for ropes/ladders skyrockets , local b&q unable to keep up with demand !, 
  you can get all 8 seasons on dvd for like # 25 on amazon ... 
  simpler than that - sensation sells and the eu is an easy target ... bendy bananas !, 
  they 're coming after our kettles !, 
  if i were to play devil 's advocate ... 
  i would say that farage never made that claim , it was the ` official ' leave campaign bus carrying bojo and gove around . 
  they never endorsed nigel and were careful never to be seen campaigning with him but were no doubt overjoyed when he took the flak for their lies on tv . 
  [ i think our colleague above means this one in particular ] ( https://c2.staticflickr.com/8/7178/27035690786_c9a93b0e38_b.jpg ), 
  since norway has no influence but still has to contribute / abide by regulations inc. freedom of movement , the norway deal was the antithesis of what the leave campaign was setting out its stall for . 
  i do n't think many leave voters put their x in the box with norway in mind . 
  the leave dream was that the uk would give the eu nothing but still take all the benefits of the market and pan eu financial services frameworks , or at least find its own trading partners to replace them . 
  in the short / medium term this is a pipe dream and ignores the fact that many businesses are already invested in the uk because of its position in the eu . 
  it may be that a norway arrangement is a stepping stone to some other model , but i think we are going to be stuck with something like it for a while at least . 
  rip the independent , it will be missed . 
  refugee = / = immigrant , but ok i 'll bite ... that 's still small beer really , since refugees are required to register in the first country they cross the border in , exception to this has only been made where they have existing family members in other host nations . 
  not many eritreans are clambering out of boats on uk shores . 
  the uk is still at liberty to decide how many refugees it takes via the asylum process , though it is prevented from placing them back in immediate danger ( fair enough , surely ) if you want to see a refugee crisis , i refer you to the lebanon . 
  it 's not hard to see why when the 2 most-read papers in the uk ( sun and daily mail ) are right wing rags which scapegoat the eu and belittle its achievements at every opportunity . 
  the eu membership has always been at liberty to set their own laws and limits on immigration from outside the eu . 
  it might make them unpopular with those countries which are shouldering the burden for them , but it remains true . 
  i think this is just one more misconception the leave campaign leveraged and remain did little to dispel . 
  of course the long term future is an unknown but it looks exceedingly likely that in the short -  medium term the uk will be forced into a norway deal , an idea which was met with ridicule by the ` leave ' side during the campaign . 
  no amount of ` sovereignty ' gives you a vote in a parliament you 're not a member of . 
  i know , may 's statement of ` they already voted in ' seems kind of like agreeing to buy a car only to have the seller smash it into a tree before you take delivery and say ` hey you said you 'd buy it ! ', 
  [ may has publicly stated there will be no second scottish independence vote ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-theresa-may-scottish-independence-referendum-rules-out-second-a7139391.html ) after meeting with sturgeon , but did offer an olive branch in saying there may be flexibility in terms of how the exit is negotiated for scotland specifically . 
  it was quite strange ... within 48 hours of being made pm , theresa shot up to scotland to meet nicola , which must have felt very validating , only to have her rule out a new referendum in her opening salvo . 
  1 ) there is no single uk constitution 2 ) parliament can pass an act making it binding, 
  i do n't think anyone who was old enough to watch the news or read a paper through the troubles can make that kind of error . 
  ` new tax haven once ireland 's new tax legislation takes effect ' ? 
  onwards of 2017 when the double dip party starts to get crashed there will be a lot of multi-nationals looking to relocate their offshore hq 's . 
  sadly the scots face a bigger problem in what to do about a currency . 
  but will the scottish people stand for a 20 % tax hike ? 
  ` determining your own taxation ' is great , but if that means tax must be increased to pay for the spending that scotland has becom accustomed to , how long will the honeymoon last ? 
  the currency question is also one without a good answer , all 3 options are total non-starters ... * keep the pound - westminster and the eu will nix this . 
  * make a new scottish pound - see above , the eu will insist on the euro . 
  * take the euro - economic suicide given the amount of trade with the rest of the uk . 
  the scots can not expect to be treated differently than any other nation applying for membership . 
  i am very sympathetic to their cause but i 'm struggling to see a practical way to make it happen . 
  all this is before we talk of the land border . 
  and with leadsom 's departure goes the last of the brexiteers ... 
  so the guy who called the referendum in a bid to cling to power , and the people who campaigned to leave have all quit . 
  who needs satire when you can read stuff like this in the papers ? 
  to a point , yes . 
  however we ca n't make every decision , nor expect citizens largely concerned with their own families , jobs etc. 
  to be well informed and have nuanced views on every subject , taking all evidence into account this is why we have an elected government and do n't have a referendum on every issue . 
  ~ ~ both owned ~ ~ the sun by murdoch , here 's a quote from an evening standard journalist who interviewed murdoch on why he dislikes the eu so much -  ` that 's easy , ' he replied . 
  ` when i go into downing street they do what i say ; when i go to brussels they take no notice . ', 
  [ article ] ( http://www.standard.co.uk/comment/comment/anthony-hilton-stay-or-go-the-lack-of-solid-facts-means-it-s-all-a-leap-of-faith-a3189151.html ), 
  he will have to spend all his time filling out visa paperwork for his german wife now . 
  no time for politics . 
  i 'm trapped inside a political drama factory , please send help . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  we 've basically no single document enshrining citizen 's rights since the magna carta , it 's scattered all over the place legislatively . 
  as a northerner that made steam come out of my ears . 
  six county-owned museums closed or were forced to become entirely donation funded this year in lancashire . 
  even worse that tfl put half of the money in , i 'm sure there 's much better use for that cash . 
  the referendum was the coin he bought his election with ; a bribe to the back bench to quell a rebellion and salvage his premiership . 
  instead the vote backfired and ended him politically . 
  his legacy will be economic ruin and the probable dissolution of the uk . 
  tony blair 's fall from grace was a tough act to follow but he 's done himself proud . 
  the greater shame is that blair 's cronies are too busy stabbing their party leader in the back to form an effective opposition and give the tory party the rollocking they 're bent over to receive for tearing the country apart over their personal ambitions . 
  there is n't a single written document with ` constitution ' on it but there are rights written into the various judgements , laws and acts of parliament . 
  if you live somewhere you can get to from liverpool for # 30 you 're going to have a bad impression of british tourists : s. 
  that 's because belgian beer is so strong you can only drink 2 of them before falling over anyway ... 
  unfortunately the racist element now believes over 50 % of the country agrees with them . 
  continental beer getting more expensive is by far the worst thing about the brexit .
