  there 's always that silver lining . 
  lol really does n't have an excuse for working so poorly on so many aspects . 
  it 's one of the biggest games in the world for crying out loud . 
  this is the reason i 've been trying to get into dota , did you see that amazing update !?!? 
  it 's clear valve actually does care about a normally functioning game . 
  it seems like all rito does is make skins ... 
  the thing is though ... 
  i do n't * want * to switch to dota . 
  i like lol 's gameplay a lot better , but damn riot is really forcing me away ... 
  really ? 
  i always thought our anthem was the most boring one i 've ever heard . 
  now russia , * they * know their anthems !, 
  peanut butter is peanut-coloured ( maybe slightly darker ) . 
  and most nuts i know of are brown . 
  damn , now i crave pistachio butter ... why is this not a thing yet ? 
  does anyone know what hud he 's using ? 
  i 've tried a few but i ca n't find any good ones that still have a % health visual ( the plus sign ) . 
  all this reading numbers is too much work for me , especially when every class has a different max . 
  i 'm gon na say yes . 
  it 's a 3rd person action sports game , so basically cod and madden combined ( sortof ... ) . 
  it 's just a lot of fun regardless , i 'm confident you 'll like it . 
  it 's much more fun with friends though i 'd say . 
  i 'm totally with you on suijin , but hoodoo and snowplow are some of my favourites . 
  what do n't you like about them if i may ask ? 
  most payload maps suffer from lack of entry points imo , but i always thought hoodoo at least had some big open areas . 
  you 're right about snowplow , especially the first stage it impossible to defend . 
  that train makes up for it though , 
  and a rather pointless rant at that, 
  for sure . 
  i always thought it was such a a shame the tunnel on the first stage between 2nd and 3rd never got used . 
  it 's interesting area but there 's absolutely no reason to be there, 
  there was a case not long ago here in holland where a prostitute ( legal here ) advertised online as being over 18 but she was actually underage ( 16/17 ca n't remember ) . 
  all of her clients were convicted . 
  apperantly with prostitution laws it 's the client 's responsibilty to verify age . 
  i think it 's to protect minors being pressured by pimps . 
  anyway i 'm not sure how it compares exactly but perhaps they had some sort of similar reasoning . 
  at least it might give you a perspective on what / u/heidismiles is saying . 
  i had the chance to play two days ago at gamescom . 
  playtime was very short mind you , because we were absolutely getting owned ( pls report team ) . 
  to give you an idea : first round i had about 400 points , guy below me 80 and the rest of my team had 0 :(, 
  anyway because of that i could n't try many different heroes . 
  i 'd tell you more about the new character but he was just so goddamn confusing to play , and i could n't read the instructions because germans feel the need to dub and translate everything . 
  all in all the game played pretty smoothly . 
  what i liked is that there 's a lot of characters already to choose from . 
  what i like less is that there 's not much diversity * within * the character . 
  someone like tracer just has two actions : warp & shoot . 
  some characters i did n't like . 
  i got absolutely destroyed by a soldier 76 . 
  i guess his simpleness makes him easy to play , so it makes sense he does well in a match where no one ever played the game . 
  but getting killed within a second of leaving spawn because of aimbot was just annoying . 
  another little thing is that i felt most characters moved a bit slow . 
  i 'll probably be buying it . 
  i love class-based shooters and it 's a well polished game . 
  i only fear that long kill-runs will become really boring , you kinda have to switch classes to keep it interesting ( at least for me ) because the characters are relatively simple and straightforward . 
  then again there are a lot of them so i guess it 's just a different format than what i 'm used too . 
  i probably wo n't be sticking to 1 favourite hero as i previously thought though . 
  you can just hit '' and then hit o. 
  ... or do i have a special computer ? 
  i ca n't be the only one thinking this . 
  this ca n't be . 
  every pc i 've ever been on does this . 
  the same way i can press ' and then a vowel to make \u00f3 \u00e9 \u00e1 \u00ed \u00fa etc or ` for \u00f2 , \u00e8 etc. 
  or ~ for \u00f1 and ^ for \u00e2 ... 
  anyway , maybe it 's because my keyboard is set to ` dutch ' ? 
  like i said i 've always been able to do this and dutch does use letters like \u00f6 , \u00eb , \u00fc and \u00ef . 
  the more i think about it the more it makes sense . 
  for example developer console in source games never worked for me because opening with the ~ key and then typing a vowel would cause it to close . 
  i guess non-dutch people never had that problem . 
  i 'm sure glad i have it this way though . 
  no way am i using alt-codes everytime i need an accent . 
  wow , til . 
  this is kinda blowing my mind right now , i 've never had any reason to think i was different . 
  to confirm , does this also go for accent aigu ( \u00e9 ) and accent grave ( \u00e8 ) ? 
  afaik these are far more common . 
  surely you ca n't be using altcodes everytime you want to type l\u00facio , clich\u00e9 , d\u00e9j\u00e0 vu , touch\u00e9 , coupe d' \u00e9tat or pok\u00e9mon ? 
  i also have an english system . 
  and i 'm pretty sure everybody uses '' as quotation marks . 
  i just type a space or a consonent to make it appear . 
  ahh , english-international !, 
  that must be it !, 
  you 're doing it right . 
  damn , that 's a lot of altcodes . 
  apperantly setting your keyboard to english-international should help with that . 
  perhaps , but there are quite big gap in the high-end price range of gpu 's . 
  i wanted something better than the 980 and that kind of immediately bumps you up $ 150 to the 980ti . 
  also i 'm pretty sure you need these kind of expensive gpu 's to run above 1080@60 on ultra for the coming time , which limits my budget on other things . 
  thanks for the suggestions though , i 'll have a look at them ( and their cheaper alternatives  ), 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm reading some reviews on this and a lot of them say that one is unnecessarily expensive due to its 3d feature . 
  any chance there 's a cheaper version like this without it ? 
  dear god , just the intro scene alone might actually kill him . 
  why do you recommend the upgrade to r5 ? 
  do you think it wo n't fit ? 
  because i 'd rather save the $ 20 . 
  i have no clue why the monitor is $ 300 , but over here it 's $ 200 which i think is reasonable for a 27 '' . 
  i also saw it in action and like it very much . 
  unfortunately , that psu you linked is n't available in my country . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i can order both ` boxed ' and ` tray ' version . 
  afaik the boxed version always has a cooler included .
