  even after not playing it for almost 4 years it was still my most played game ( by hours ) . 
  i fired it up again a couple months ago and got reminded that it was still the best shooter i ever played and i 've been hooked again ever since . 
  besides the game being great there 's also that 7 + year old nostalgia . 
  feels good . 
  does anyone know if this will work in eu ? 
  the other link to play asia is us only , and we never have gamedeals over here so i 'm suspicious . 
  the point of subtitles is n't to translate literally , it 's to get the point accross . 
  english uses the french expression . 
  `` eat tasty '' does n't mean anything . 
  ( also , it 'd be `` tastily '' i guess ), 
  sooo ... what 's keeping my rainbow 6 beta key though ? 
  a ribbon to tie a balloon ? 
  can anyone explain ? 
  ahh that makes sense . 
  i thought he meant tying the balloon itself, 
  how is it possible people get * extra * codes before i even get my ` guaranteed ' one ? 
  i 'm still waiting, 
  that 's not it . 
  i got ' * guaranteed * beta access ' codes at gamescom , and i still have n't recieved beta access to this day . 
  if you 're gon na say ` guaranteed ' you have to mean it . 
  just so you know , the samsung gear s2 has nfc , but it runs on its own tizen , not android wear . 
  i mean if you wannt to get technical about it holland is n't a province either . 
  never cross my z 's . 
  i 've only seen a few old people do it . 
  always cross my 7 's . 
  i see it everywhere except when on the computer . 
  i 'm dutch , currently taking a msc . 
  i 'd bet it 's a personal thing . 
  i 'm dutch too and i see mostly straights , but some occasional curved ones . 
  whoa , hold up . 
  am i the only one here that thinks everyone is overreacting ? 
  this is what 's being said in the interview :, 
  * renown is earned by lvling up, 
  * renown unlocks content, 
  * you can not buy renown with money, 
  * something called `` rainbow credits '' exists, 
  how do you get `` pay2win microtransactions '' from that ? 
  i get what this implies , and that it 's very likely that rainbow credits will be the currency bought with money , but we have no idea what these things will get you . 
  what if they only let you buy special skins ? 
  or unlock operators faster ( which are all balanced ) ? 
  sure , i do n't like that payment model , especially with a full-price game , but it is n't technically pay2win . 
  do n't get me wrong , i hate pay2win as much as the next guy and will definitely not be buying the game if that ends up being the case , but everyone here is drawing some major conclusions from the mere acknowledgement of the existence of ` rainbow credits ' . 
  at least give them a chance to do the right thing ( pls ubisoft pls ) ... 
  why is everyone that is mentioning that ` microtransactions ' are n't actually confirmed being downvoted ? 
  there is literally nothing about it in the video , besides mentioning the * existence * of a 2nd currency . 
  we have no idea what this is going to be used for , it could be cosmetic only for all we know . 
  well ... * probably * . 
  i 'm not saying i support that , but calling it pay2win is a long stretch . 
  fact is , we do n't know yet . 
  that 's not how i interpreted the pr rep interruption . 
  i think the interviewee said `` did we talk about that yet ? '', 
  and the pr rep just answered `` no '' , they did n't . 
  that said , i think it 's indeed very safe to assume real money is going to be involved with rainbow credits . 
  the difference lies in what it 'll be used for . 
  it 's a bad model for a full-priced game either way , but there 's different shades of bad . 
  pay2win being the absolute worst , and i think it 's a bit hard to assume that far . 
  call me crazy but i really liked the game . 
  i was ready to hate on it after i saw the alpha footage but the beta was just too much fun . 
  my type of game . 
  you 're right in saying i 'd rather see a single-gamemode mp-only game like this closer to $ 40 . 
  maybe at that price , ( hopefully cosmetic ) microtransactions would 've been slightly more justified too . 
  i did n't have that much technical problems either , not more than expected from a beta , that is . 
  again , yes it 's an undesirable payment model , but claiming pay2win is an overreaction . 
  i think a lot of judgement is being clouded by the anti-ubisoft movement . 
  okay , fair enough . 
  and i know this is a bad thing , i 'm not defending it . 
  but as long as the content is balanced , the double currency is n't pay2win . 
  i have * less * of a problem with that . 
  i mean , aside from a few weapon attachments , there was n't really any content that could give you an advantage . 
  sure , microtransactions on a game that should n't even be $ 60 in the first place is bad , but it 's not pay2win-level bad ( the purest of all evil ) . 
  well , like you said , $ 60 is already a bit high for a game like this . 
  if we assume the rainbow credits are gon na be a real-money currency ( very likely ) then that is kinda money-grabby . 
  there 's no reason to lock whatever content behind a paywall on a full price game . 
  i could 've overlooked the $ 60 price tag , because i agree the game is great fun , but i 'm very suspicious of the second currency . 
  we 'll just have to wait and see what they 'll be using it for and hope for the best . 
  huh would you look at that . 
  i did n't even realize myself ubisoft never actually made a pay2win game . 
  scummy business practises aplenty indeed , but not pay2win . 
  only example i can think of is ghost recon : phantoms . 
  a f2p game with such a brutal pay2advance system that it was basically much pay2win ( a real shame , i liked that game ) . 
  i like to stay optimistic . 
  i really liked the beta and i want the game to be good . 
  it 's not . 
  hence the `` i do n't support that '' . 
  but pay2win would be far far worse in my book , and i see many people assuming it . 
  but pay2win and even microtransactions themselves are unconfirmed at this point . 
  you and me both . 
  i 've read it over many times but i ca n't for the life of me figure out the pun, 
  how do you know your sister 's on her period ? 
  your dad 's dick tastes like blood . 
  different people have different interests and experiences . 
  there is n't some universal objectively ` enjoyable ' activity . 
  i work out because i have to in order to not get fat , but i hate every minute of it . 
  i 'd much rather do something else . 
  i do both . 
  are n't they just two sides of the same coin ? 
  either way , a redefinition of my objective is n't going to make me enjoy the experience itself any more . 
  i like not being fat , i like being swole . 
  i do n't like working out . 
  why do you want to live ?
