  you wo n't find anything like it , it 's decently polished , and will keep you entertained for a little while, 
  i 100 % agree on everything and was in the same boat as you . 
  i just wanted to tell you that last week i reinstalled the game and had a decent amount of fun with it . 
  it 's more enjoyable when you 're not frustratingly trying to get your money 's worth and have some other things you can play in between . 
  friends help too , for sure . 
  also if you preordered like me then you can play the ` new ' monster behemoth . 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  i 've experiences the same thing , but then as a trapper . 
  we just knew he was in the area but we could n't find the monster anywhere . 
  i even looked at my dog and went `` why is she just standing there ? '' . 
  it did n't dawn on me until like a full minute later that she was actively pointing at the monster , hiding there in a brush . 
  we never felt such shame before . 
  good stuff . 
  i do n't mean to be overly negative , but i also want to be honest . 
  the game felt very ... cheap . 
  kind of bland / uninspired . 
  it was a mix of known ideas ( so nothing truly new ) , and i 've seen the combination of these things be implemented better elsewhere . 
  additionally , the gunplay was pretty boring . 
  for example , i played ruckus for a bit and i was literally holding down lmb the entire match ( all his abilities were kindof passive ) . 
  a lot of the details i can excuse , since the game is in beta , but if you 're looking for feedback then here 's my take . 
  jumping felt really useless as there was n't anything to jump on / to and it was n't really high . 
  the damage feedback did n't ` feel ' very great . 
  characters ' hp pool was too large , and i did n't like the pace of the game in general ( i 'm not a fan of ` mount ' systems ' ) . 
  the maps felt very empty and generic . 
  a lot of the visuals did n't seem very polished . 
  the art style of the cards clashed with the in-game visuals.player models were pretty small compared to the environment which kind of made them feel insignificant . 
  the siege mode gameplay had this kind of back and forth respawn/siegeengine loop that was the same every round . 
  there was n't really a lot of teammate interaction , they felt like additional damage-cannons . 
  that 's most of my issues i can think of right . 
  again , i do n't mean to be negative just for the sake of it , i 'm just trying to give it to you straight . 
  tou could give it a lot of sideways spin , like a disc . 
  that would keep it from flipping over . 
  maybe it 's just me , but whenever i start playing a game i always look up an introduction / explanation of all the characters and objectives . 
  i find being clueless really frustrating . 
  i believe [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1n-hmscdytm ) is what you 're talking about . 
  as far as i know it does n't occur in point symmetric shapes , so the coin would be fine . 
  * orang * utans are * orange * , easy mnemonic . 
  oh damn , no difference between orange and black ? 
  do you have monochromacy ? 
  because that must suck . 
  i guess the mnemonic could be ... * o * ra * ng * utans have l * ong * hair and arms ... ? 
  idk, 
  wow , this baffles me . 
  i 'm really curious what actions you took exactly after you were told your mother was gone . 
  i ca n't imagine knowing how to live life that way at 14 , unless you had family living closeby ? 
  i agree , and i 'll one-up you by saying even earrings are a turnoff for me . 
  the idea of the analog stick is great ... 
  but it 's a * really * shitty analog stick . 
  it heavily prefers the 4 straight directions . 
  i definitely wouldnt buy it for the ` analog ' input . 
  the overall keyboard is nice though , macro keys are pretty useful in some games . 
  thank you !, 
  this is probably what i needed !, 
  the extra month notice for each year we rented the property works out because we 've been renting for 3,5 years , so that should at least give us the 6 months . 
  thanks again . 
  does anyone know what hud this is ? 
  looks good . 
  the link is n't working for me . 
  does anyone else get something along the lines of :, 
  `` the requested page can not be displayed at this time . 
  the page is possibly temporarily unavailable , the link you clicked on may be expired , or you do not have permission to view this page . '', 
  ( note : it 's a rough translation of the error ), 
  aww ... shucks, 
  do you not have an equivalent in your own language ? 
  i 'm also regularly surprised when even the more highly educated misspell you 're / your their/they 're , but then i remember people in my language do the same thing . 
  it 's still just as surprising , but it is n't bound to english to any means . 
  in my language , dutch , people often mistake als/dan , which is similar to then/than , or hun/jullie , which is exactly the same as their/they 're . 
  it 's all just a result of people doing it wrong on a mass scale and it catching on . 
  i suppose non-native speakers get corrected on this more when they go to study the language , and thus do n't make these mistakes as often . 
  they put more effort in their speech and spelling . 
  ah , well i do n't think most anglophones are doing it deliberately . 
  i think most of them ultimately know the correct usage , but just ca n't be arsed to take the time to think about it . 
  i get why you would think that . 
  i , too , sometimes do n't capitalise my i 's , or i get rid of apostrophes and write stuff like `` dont '' . 
  english has way too many apostrophes ... 
  screen cheat, 
  banished, 
  broken age, 
  good stuff op !, 
  i 'm going to new zealand for 2 months . 
  this information is more useful than you realise . 
  thank you . 
  oh yeah for sure , it 's a 10-week backpacking trip so i 'm planning on visiting anything remotely visit-worthy . 
  if you have any more specific advice feel free to pm me , i 'd greatly appreciate it . 
  thank you !, 
  i will definitely take a closer look at all of these . 
  i appreciate the effort . 
  man ... 
  this game on its own almost made me buy a ps3 . 
  i want to play it so bad t_t, 
  i do curly braces on new lines for functions , but the opening brace for statements in-line . 
  i always do the closing brace on a new line . 
  camelcase for variables , pascalcase for functions . 
  my favourite game . 
  i bought it without owning a playstation and had to keep going to my friend 's to play it one colossus at a time . 
  also i ca n't find the minotaur on this picture . 
  is he on the right or is that dormin ? 
  and what 's the piece of black silhouette above the lizard ? 
  i think this is probably a big factor . 
  i love relay 's potential .
