  regardless , i can play rocket league with both my controllers just fine without any extra effort . 
  i 'm pretty sure cammelspit is correct , i 've had instances where my sc would control all 4 players at once . 
  that seems in line with his theory . 
  i really hope valve gets on this fast . 
  seems like no lethal league on newyears lanparty :(, 
  oh god the resets ... 
  save progress people !, 
  do it now !, 
  canker sores , thank you . 
  finally i know what they 're called !, 
  ( bit of an odd name though ), 
  i have these all the time . 
  i hear lots of people , including my gp and dentist , say that toothpaste brand ` zendium ' * might * help prevent them . 
  the only actual * remedy * i 've found is something called ` oral medic ' . 
  it hurts like hell and is expensive but it does get rid of them . 
  if you know of any additional tips let me know . 
  these things are infuriating . 
  i 've used some sort of bee wax for a long time too . 
  ` propolis ' they called it here . 
  i found it sealed the sore quite well , relieving pain for a good couple minutes but they did n't do much actual healing . 
  i think they might even make it worse by just irritating the place making it more active . 
  i 'm not sure how it compares to your product but they sound similar . 
  my bee wax solution was 70 % alcohol and hurt like a bitch . 
  if yours was similar , and you think that hurt , then be prepared . 
  oral medic is a true trial of pain-resistance . 
  very interesting !, 
  do you take these as to prevent them or as a sort of treatment for the sores you have ? 
  i 've tried a few diet changes , but i 'm not sure it 's getting me anywhere and it 's hard to believe in the science when no one really knows what causes the canker sores ( at least that 's what my doctor tells me ) . 
  i bet you chant ` hup , nederland , hup ' too , eh ? 
  since holland is totally not the name of our country . 
  it 's a nickname , do n't act like we do n't use it ourselves all the time . 
  why is it that whenever foreigners use it every dutch person channels their inner grammar nazi just so they can ` technically correct ' people ? 
  this is so ridiculous i honestly ca n't tell if you 're serious . 
  / pol/ack confirmed, 
  no it 's not . . 
  closest you 're gon na get is just the english ` ice ' . 
  there 's only a tiny difference . 
  / pol/ack just means you visit / pol / , which was confirmed by your tantrum, 
  that 's probably the best one, 
  it 's not that i 'm disagreeing with you , it 's that you let some random internetperson rustle your jimmies over something so trivial . 
  also , you 're * . 
  ( sorry , hard to resist when you 're talking about being smart ), 
  i disagree . 
  ` ay ' definitely has the wrong vowel sound and still has that ` jjj ' at the end that you do n't want . 
  you might be correct about most anglophones pronouncing it ` eye-ful ' , but every english word with that vowel has that problem . 
  at least with ` eiffel ' it 's a name where maybe some people would try to pronounce it closer to the french pronounciation , which has the correct sound . 
  well yeah it 's always there , but it 's much less pronounced than in the english ` ay ' or ` ey ' . 
  the vowel is also not a perfect \u00e8 , it 's more in between \u00e8 and i. i guess if i had to type it out i 'd say \u00e8i * ^ j * . 
  and i thought ` washbear ' was a good descriptive name ... trash panda is even better !, 
  i 'd say reddit is just very user-unfriendly either way . 
  i had to try to get into it 3 times over 2 years before i finally stuck . 
  now i would never go back , but damn they made it hard . 
  interesting topic !, 
  i think generally an english dub makes it easier to follow the story . 
  i personally do n't have an issue with subs , but i can imagine native english speakers are n't used to them . 
  if you 're going for the dub though , with accents * always * . 
  i do n't see why you would want to see a german character in germany talking to another german speak perfect english ... 
  it completely ruins the immersion for me . 
  i agree that a switch option would be ideal in theory , but i think having to do the voiceover twice is an issue for smaller studios . 
  even with larger ones , one of the dubs is usually low quality , so it might be best to go with one language to focus on quality . 
  however , i always really appreciate native speech . 
  i think the best way to go about it is to have the main story elements in english ( with accents ofcourse ) and have random disposable segments ( like guard chatter ) be in the native tongue . 
  most important with native speech though , is that everything that your character should understand , should also be understood by the player , whatever language they 're talking in . 
  you did n't really say anything here besides `` just do it '' , which might be a motivating but not very helpful . 
  it seems like op is already motivated but does n't know how to go about it . 
  if what she said is true then that 's terrible , someone * should * stop when you yell no , buuut ... 
  come on now , kissing someone and then sharing a shower with them . 
  and that in an african hostel ? 
  it 's like you 're actively trying to get raped . 
  it 's still a bad thing , but you are n't being very smart ... 
  it 's a very mixed vibe . 
  most americans i know are pretty chill , regular people . 
  they 're very open , but only skin-deep . 
  like they 're doing it more just to ` be nice ' rather than actually care . 
  there 's just so much backwards shit you hear about coming from the supposedly ` leading ' country . 
  on one hand it 's a country woth some of the most amazing technological developments and companies , but at the same time there 's stuff like data caps to gun policies , mandatory draft , and the pledge of allegiance . 
  these ( and many more ) are things i never expected of such a large leading country , and nobody seems to question them . 
  the patriotism scares me sometimes . 
  then again , it 's hard to make general statements . 
  it 's so big that ` usa ' basically became a continent and its states are the countries . 
  be sure to put something warm in there * with * the cat . 
  blankets are an isolator . 
  they usually heat you up because your body temp is higher than room temp , but that 's not the case when you 're freezing . 
  without a heat source you 're just keeping him cold !, 
  i guess you 're right , but it 's a little contextual . 
  if you pull a kitten out of the snow isolating some of the snow with the cat is not a good idea . 
  either way it would n't hurt to put a heat source in there anyway . 
  this kind of made me think . 
  many countries have different customs for meeting women . 
  where i live , if either party is a woman you kiss 3 times on the cheeks . 
  as this is the normal greeting you 'd also do it on a first date . 
  this always causes a lot of awkwardness abroad though , since the number of kisses is different everywhere you go . 
  what 's the custom in the us ? 
  i assume just a handshake ? 
  if that 's so then i see why you 'd need something slightly more intimate like a hug . 
  the game itself really is n't that bad , especially if you 're into asymmetrical multiplayer . 
  that said , even if you love it it can get repetitive after a while . 
  matchmaking can take a few minutes ( but not as ` dead ' as everyone makes it seem ) , and the dlc model is ridiculous . 
  you can forget about the extra content . 
  still though ... a very unique game .
