  it 's hard to explain , but i think it 's a realistic view on resourcing ( damaging environment kinda thing ) and you have to put in extra work if you wan na cover it up and have a smooth environment . 
  the big holes also add something to the mostly empty wasteland . 
  driving my truck into one is always kinda funny and gives me something to do . 
  it also provides some insights because i can see where old mining spots where . 
  do n't change it devs !, 
  that might very well have been me . 
  i quit the game to go punch someone . 
  it 's just amsterdam , there 's no question about it . 
  im not sure how switching from ba to msc will go over . 
  note that though most , if not all , dutch msc programs are fully in english , only a couple of bsc are . 
  if you like math and science you should really consider one of the tu 's ( delft , eindhoven , twente ) , but i do n't think there 's any astronony there . 
  from the top of my head , at least for tudelft , i know there are about 4 english bsc , with aerospace engineering among others . 
  it 's not really astronomy but at least it 's space related . 
  maybe that 's something to look into . 
  wat is * ** de ** * media ??? 
  i thought this was / r/awww at first , and was wondering how a basket full of dead animals made it to the front page . 
  definitely definitely spec ops : the line . 
  even me just saying this kinda spoils it . 
  you 'll have to trust me and just play it . 
  this is what i needed to know , thanks !, 
  i forgot the name of ` announcements ' sub :p, 
  reddit is testing a more exrensive ` profile page ' with 3 users , with the plan to make it default for everyone . 
  you can follow people and better see what their interests/likes are . 
  people are concerned reddit is getting too social-media-like . 
  see the / r/announcements post for more info, 
  the ` proximity sculpture ' at university of east anglia ? 
  + correct the ewi building at tu delft, 
  bethel university, 
  + correct , university of british columbia, 
  urdu university, 
  university of peshawar, 
  incorrect, 
  + correct, 
  scrappy from utc, 
  thanks !, 
  but nope :p remember it 's related to the theme, 
  + correct, 
  + correct, 
  the user deleted their account . 
  i do n't think anyone knows why . 
  chapman university undie run, 
  wwu undie run, 
  arizona state university undie run, 
  university of central missouri, 
  super tux cart, 
  nope, 
  small hint : its only 11 majors, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  + correct , may i ask how you got it ? 
  bauman moscow state technical university - founder of soviet cosmonautics - sukhoi su-80, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  + correc - wait no, 
  + correct, 
  mexico, 
  arizona mills , tempe, 
  its actually mt putsomeeffortintoit, 
  the mountain itself has a distinct shape though, 
  hint : its in the southern hemisphere, 
  + correct, 
  erosion and irrigation ? 
  danyang-kunshan grand , rail , china, 
  tianjin grand, 
  jiaozhou bay bridge, 
  severn bridge, 
  severn crossings, 
  richard ayoade , garth marenghi 's darkplace, 
  the tao of pooh, 
  the te of piglet, 
  dagan shklovsky sculpture garden at kibbuz e\u2019in carmel ( israel ), 
  israel , carmel coast , basalton sculpture garden of dagan shklovsky in kibbutz ein carmel . 
  + correct, 
  binh bridge, 
  phu my bridge, 
  my thuan bridge, 
  nope, 
  hint : the answer to each picture is a set of numbers, 
  also since it was apperantly too hard to read , the numbers on the city pictures are 4,1,3,4,5 respectively, 
  hint : the 2nd , 4th and 5th city are all capitals, 
  no to all below, 
  hints in discord were :, 
  1st pic is solved to be 19, 
  2nd pic cities are san francisco , amsterdam , sydney , cape town , baghdad, 
  asnwer to 2nd pic is double digit number, 
  answer to 3rd pic is 4digit number, 
  edit : also i mentioned there are secret hints hidden in pic 2 and 3, 
  numbers are linked to the city they are on top of, 
  pic3 : binary, 
  + correct, 
  wait what ? 
  that ad had the most racially diverse bunch of actors i 've ever seen in one place . 
  so much so that they overdid it and it became too obvious . 
  i 'm pretty sure jenner was chosen for her status , and not her race . 
  the only other ` central ' character would be the officer , which * might * have been deliberately chosen white , but that 'd be for completely opposite reasons of the ones you 're mentioning now . 
  either way i think charging this ad with racial insensitivity is an even bigger stretch than what it already was : a huge one . 
  pretty sure he was just trying to be helpful . 
  i also did n't see the relevance of the first panel and re-read it to make sure i did n't miss anything . 
  the real yoke is always in the comments, 
  thats actually a pretty decent way of countering the giveaway-downvote-barrage,
