  i had 2 of those hdd 's first , but i really had to cut it down more to $ 200 . 
  i 'm doing fine with 1tb +250 gb now anyway , i 'll probably be buying an extra tb later if i really need it . 
  it 's easily upgradable too . 
  i 'm not sure what ppp means , but you did remind me to flair it with $ eur . 
  i 'm looking into the nzxt s340 now , as it looks pretty alright . 
  only downside is it doesnt have 4 usb ports at the front like the r4 which i kind of liked . 
  i 'm from the netherlands btw , i selected the evga g2 first , but it turns out theres only one store i can get it from which is kinda shady so i tried something else . 
  i ca n't find any gs versions anywhere though . 
  if i were to buy a cooler , i had my eye on the cm 212 evo, 
  the define s was about the same price as the r4 here ( maybe even more ) , and the r4 had more features ( like extra usb , which i need ) . 
  the r5 is a little too expensive for not much extra . 
  i indeed selected the evga g2 first , but i ca n't get it anywhere where i live ( the netherlands ) . 
  pcpartpicker says it doesnt , but i can definitely order a boxed version , so i think i 'm good . 
  i already had my eyes on the 212 evo . 
  i 'm probably getting that once i want to oc or if the stock isnt good enough . 
  the reason i 'm picking the triggerz is because that 's my current keyboard aswell , and i 'll be switching between these pc 's a lot . 
  i 'd hate to have 2 different keyboards , it takes too long to get used to . 
  also , i do n't care much for aesthetics , just performance . 
  a window panel is unnecessary money in my eyes . 
  ah , right . 
  ppp does n't have a dutch version unfortunately . 
  here 's a link to the pricechecking website everyone uses over here : http://tweakers.net/categorie/664/voedingen/producten/, 
  i set it to psu 's to avoid confusion , filters on the left . 
  appreciate the effort !, 
  perhaps it 's different across continents ? 
  what else could be the difference between boxed and tray editions ? 
  is n't that what boxed means , a cooler ? 
  awesome , thanks for checking, 
  ah , right . 
  i think i was looking at 750w and above . 
  will 650w suffice , even with potential upgrades ? 
  they 're the same price too , what actually makes the evga 's better though ? 
  this rules out sli if i 'm not mistaken , but i was n't planning on it anyway . 
  thanks for the structured feedback !, 
  someone just pointed out to me that even though the cpu comes ` boxed ' , it wo n't have a stock cooler . 
  i 'll probably be buying the cm 212 evo then . 
  i was n't aware of m. 2 ssd 's , so thanks for that !, 
  they 're the same price and supposedly faster . 
  i 'll be buying one . 
  you 're right , the gpu is overkill for a monitor like that . 
  like i said in the post i 'll be buying this 1080@60 now , then save up for something better ( 144hz most likely ) and then i can put that 1080@60 at my current pc where it will do it justice . 
  i just want to build this pc now but i ca n't quite afford the expensive monitor yet . 
  awesome , thanks for explaining it so clearly . 
  i 'll be going for the evga 650gs . 
  i never really has sli plans anyway , and i like the modularity and semifanless...-ity . 
  good thing i asked . 
  i 'll be buying a cm 212 evo then to cool it down . 
  you 're right . 
  i was foolish to assume ` boxed ' meant ` stock cooler included ' . 
  the kingston ram is the cheapest ddr4 2666mhz unit i can get . 
  the only thing cheaper that 's available in my country some corsair 2400mhz , but it 's only a $ 7 difference . 
  is kingston really that bad that i should avoid it ? 
  i 've had so many issues with logitech 's software and gear that i 've had it up to here with them and decided to just avoid it alltogether . 
  the g502 is also more than twice the price of my currently selected mouse , which i heard good things about honestly . 
  another user helped me pick out the evga supernova 650 gs . 
  it might not be fancy but it has everything i need . 
  i 'm not planning on sli anyway . 
  and yes , i realize the monitor is a bit of an issue . 
  it 's the only thing i 'm looking at now . 
  that particular one is $ 200 for me though , not $ 300 . 
  i was planning on keeping the costs down but you 're right , it really does n't do my system justice . 
  i 'm looking at the acer k27hulb right now , which is a 27 '' 2560x1440 @ 60 i believe . 
  i might just have empty my wallet because it 's a good $ 400 which brings me $ 200 above budget . 
  might just do with a cheap 27 '' 1080@75 instead and upgrade later . 
  ram was the cheapest ddr4 2666mhz available . 
  i heard a couple of renowned reviewers say 2800 was kind of the minimum for ddr4 , but i thought 2666 was close enough and was way cheaper . 
  i was mistaken in thinking there was a stock cooler , i 'll be getting the hyper 212 evo, 
  thanks for your feedback !, 
  both of those do n't fit the lga1151 socket as far as i 'm aware . 
  unless their page info has n't updated yet ? 
  thanks for your help !, 
  you 're right . 
  i thought the asus had gsync as it said ` optional ' , in the specs . 
  turns out you have to buy a $ 200 kit :\\ how necessary is gsync would you say ? 
  i guess 1440p is a smaller upgrade , but i do like the 27 '' ... 
  thanks a ton for that detailed answer . 
  i guess i 'll be going for 144hz since all i do is gaming . 
  do you know some cheap ones with gsync ? 
  it 's kinda hard to look for . 
  ended up getting the aoc , it was the cheapest gsync monitor in my area . 
  thanks again for your assistance . 
  it only took me 3.5 hours to complete it . 
  and that 's with co-op fuckery included . 
  i did a rerun to get all the achievements and got to a total of less than 5 hours . 
  it 's not all bad at all . 
  but it 's ridiculously short . 
  trine 3 ... less bloom ? 
  if it had any more i think the characters faces would melt together . 
  think of all the hats i can buy !, 
  i think he means lines as in queues ( on the right ) . 
  / u/lordsleepyhead was right , they 're bicycles . 
  to us , yes . 
  i assume he 's a foreigner and not used to massive bicycle parking . 
  the resolution is n't too high so i guess they could be mistaken for people with all their random colors and chaos . 
  only pretentious assholes are annoyed by the term ` holland ' referring to the country . 
  it 's a nickname and everyone knows it . 
  we use it ourselves more than anyone . 
  netherland / belgium / luxembourg at the front . 
  the flag of the netherlands and luxembourg are very similair , only a slight tone change . 
  i 'm going to assume that 's what you meant because the france and italy flags having different colors is pretty obvious .
