  i 'm dutch and even though the soft r is used sometimes , i 've always been told that 's considered slang ( or ` lazyness ' ) and that a hard rolling r is correct . 
  i know plenty of people that do n't use soft rs at all . 
  is it a dialect thing ? 
  on top of that i 'm pretty sure we roll our rs in the back of the throat and not with the tongue , like they do in spanish , italian , etc. 
  not sure if it helps , but try putting as much parts in 1 print and then send it as 1 printing file . 
  they might charge less for that, 
  i would only ever consider donating if paypal was an option . 
  where i live we do n't use creditcards , our country has their own online payment service , so i do n't even own a cc and i know it 's the same for many people and other places in europe . 
  it 's because of the split between 2 platforms : mobile and pc . 
  mobile vr is easy and accessible , but pc vr is the full extent to which the technology can currently go . 
  they 're two very different experiences if you ask me , but both are implementations of a head mounted display . 
  excuse me for being annoying but does n't this actually suggest it 's safer to assume someone 's * not * from the us ? 
  i mean , even though i 'm not from the us , i assumed that as well . 
  it might be logical for us , but it 's not what the data suggests , as there are more users with a different voting system than there are ones with the us voting system, 
   but you know what ? 
  find another aaa gamedev that :, 
   - listens this much to the community, 
  - actually has the lead dev make detailed videos explaining upcoming changes , the mindset behind them . 
  - actually has the lead dev communicate on forums, 
  - shifts development efforts in different directions following feedback ( client tick rate for example ), 
  these are all fine points which i agree with , but this does n't magically negate any other negative criticism . 
  i see too many people bringing up positive behavior * as an excuse * for the negative . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  there 's nothing wrong about complaining about isolated elements that you find problematic no matter how good the rest of the game is ( except when you 're judging the game as a whole ) . 
  the ` gambly ' loot box system for example is a legit complaint . 
  it 's an extortive ( ? ), 
  practice . 
  normally i 'd be against a dual profit model alltogether , but i think an up-front price tag is a good idea and the overwatch team deserves a continuous source of income for the polish they put in their updates , but i 'd ` much rather have the boxes give just items , and make coins buyable , instead of this ` gambling for kids ' bullshit . 
  it 's called ` fierljeppen ' , it 's a traditional dutch ( or should i say frisian ) sport . 
  close enough !, 
  it actually means ` far jumping ' ( leaping ) , so you were one letter off i guess , 
  yeah ... right after they figure out the internet , 
  yes ? 
  not sure i follow ... 
  ` experience shapes ' in case you were actually curious, 
  we do occasionally , but probably less so and more subtle ( e.g. 
  ` sitting is the new cancer ' , which is semi-serious ) . 
  it 's only seen as ( highly ) offensive when using it as a genuine insult . 
  it varies per region too . 
  there 's a certain dialect which uses ` cancer ' not unlike you 'd use ` fucking ' in english . 
  so there 's that ... 
  personally i do n't see what the fuss is about . 
  swearing with diseases is so incredibly common some are completely desensitized , even with diseases comparable to cancer ( plague , pox , typhoid , tb , aids , you name it ), 
  i had the same problem a while ago . 
  a reinstall fixed it for me . 
  i see this joke on every video of theirs , but i do n't really get it . 
  we use the english pronunciation for ` drugs ' , slightly dutchified with a rolling r. 
  it 's not , actually . 
  valve has nothing to do with this . 
  i tried this but it 's telling me that my address info does n't match my info at the financial institution ( paypal ) and so it does n't let me complete the checkout . 
  i just tried this , i even put in the exact same fake address when paypal asked for it , but it still gave me the same error of the information not matching : /, 
  i do n't have any details , but i just wanted to share that i went on an exchange to canada and noticed that our 2 countries have plenty of agreements ( automatic student visa etc. ), 
  that make it easy . 
  it should be very doable . 
  i have these , and i feel it 's worth noting i had troubles setting the clock speed to the advertised 3000mhz . 
  when i try to do so i get an ` overclock failed ' message , even when i up the voltage . 
  im not an expert in overclocking , so this could be something with my motherboard or bios , but the reviews seem to mention something similair . 
  it 's probably safer to see these as 2400 or 2666 ram . 
  well like i said i 'm really not an expert on overclocking ( read : layman ) so it could be my fault since i do n't even know what xmp is . 
  pretty sure returning is n't an option since it was a while ago . 
  it does n't bother me anyway, 
  ah that does ring a bell , might 've played with that already but ill give it another look . 
  i have the asus z170-a if i recall correctly . 
  my mom had a similar reaction !, 
  she started screaming and running away from the ` lab ' robot doggy . 
  she said something about its one big eye freaked her out . 
  she tried looking away but just ` knowing ' it was below her scared her . 
  not at all . 
  actually i think i may have a thing for foreigners / people from other cultures . 
  you see everything slightly differently , it 's like you never run out of stuff to talk about . 
  although i can sorta imagine it being a problem long term . 
  `` droppy '' drop means liquorice and she 's black, 
  i was 5 and it rhymed . 
  not much to go on so i 'll just list some of my favourites . 
  half life series ( must have ), 
  witcher series ( must have ), 
  trine series ( if you have 2 friends to play with ), 
  gang beasts ( party game ), 
  grow home ( or grow up ), 
  spec ops : the line ( best plot ive ever seen ), 
  metro series ( similar to half life ), 
  the stanly parable ( small but good ), 
  rocket league ( just good fun ), 
  the talos principle ( like portal , philosophical ), 
  antichamber ( like portal , but on acid ), 
  ori and the blind forest ( endearing metroidvania ), 
  fez ( platformer with a twist ), 
  rayman origins & legends ( get them free from ubi30 ), 
  undertale ( play it for the humor ), 
  now let 's hope your tastes line up with mine , 
  its a bit of a stretch gameplay wise , but check out ` dont starve together '' . 
  it 's a really great game with lots of content, 
  sure am . 
  it takes some special kind of genes to be able to appreciate the black-tar-gummies . 
  hm , do n't really agree with this . 
  if it 's a temporary job/stay , sure . 
  but i feel whether you 're an employee or not , you should at least put an effort to learning the local language if you have any plans of staying there long-term . 
  forcing coworkers to always speak english with each other on the workfloor however , is debatable . 
  vcxz !, 
  that 's not what timezones are .
