  so much even that i 'm just wishfully using it despite the hundreds of bugs and crashes . 
  comments often do n't load , gifs and comment sections only start working 3 mins after i open the app , navigate buttons almost always get stuck behind the ads , video player * always * freezes etc. 
  it really is a piece of trash , but it would be such an awesome app if everything that 's supposed to work actually works . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i despise reddit 's default layout and the apps that try to copy it . 
  it 's what kept me from actually starting using reddit for almost 2 years . 
  if you ask me it 's very user-unfriendly . 
  relay looks and feels good though , i could never go back to non-color coded-comment , or the comment navigation buttons . 
  so yeah , it 'd be great if the official one stole all of that ( and makes it available in my country damnit ) , but i doubt they will ever move away from their current layout , which i ca n't stand . 
  and i do n't have high hopes on relay getting fixed anytime soon so i guess i 'm just shit out of luck . 
  gog is drm-free , which means you can download and play your game anywhere you want wothout all the restrictions from steam . 
  i do n't have a problem with steam either . 
  i love it actually , i do n't even use gog . 
  but i ca n't deny that drm-free has its advantages . 
  the issue with multiple clients you mentioned is directly caused by each platform having their own drm , meaning you wo n't have this problem with gog . 
  edit : or , rather , if more companies acted like gog, 
  i would love the division . 
  although i can imagine it being a popular pick . 
  door kickers would be great as well . 
  cool of you to do this, 
  i think he 's referencing the wallhack kindly put into the game by blizzard themselves . 
  it 's a valid complaint . 
  a team with 2 widowmakers can have  50 % wallhack uptime , especially since they made her so disgustingly easy to play . 
  je nederlands is perfect !, 
  that was gon na be my recommendation also . 
  i do n't even own a ps3 but i bought the bundle just to play it at my friend 's . 
  no regrets , sotc is still my favourite game of all time, 
  edit : another ps3 i would 've bought ( if my friend had n't sold gis ps3 ) is journey . 
  i ca n't tell you much since i never played it but might be worth looking into . 
   edit : they dont have to be 2 player games . 
  we have played games like outlast together , i control the look and he controls the movement . 
  if you find this sort of co-operation interesting , i would highly recommend lovers in a dangerous spacetime . 
  it 's a co-op game where you alternate between controlling different features of your spaceship ( e.g. 
  one controls thrusters and the other one the guns or shields ) . 
  it 's got stellar reviews and it 's 40 % off right now so worth a look . 
  yeah they 're lagging behind a bit . 
  but to be honest i actually like it . 
  it 's not impactful in any way but it helps convey some inertia and weight to the things you 're holding . 
  it kind of keeps me from doing the ` shaky spam ' arm flailing motion that quite a few sword suffer from . 
  man , what a game ... 
  i 'm almost considering buying a ps4 just so i can play the last guardian, 
  i would , but i just bought a vive and ca n't make another purchase like that . 
  especially for just 5 or 6 games ( albeit really realllly awesome ones ), 
  haha can confirm , eat 2 slices of bread with a single piece of cheese almost everyday, 
  hey now , i think triss is mostly great but people are giving yen way too hard of a time . 
  yeah not all the stuff she does is cool , but she 's making some really tough decisions . 
  i got mad at yen first , untill they made me take the decision in the dialogue and i could n't decide . 
  that 's when i sympathized with her . 
  she might not be perfect but at least she 's mature and knows what she wants . 
  and triss ` lets you be peacefully ' ? 
  give me a break . 
  she practically raped you by not telling you about yen and acting like your girlfriend . 
  if that 's not being selfish and immature i do n't know what is . 
  i meant that as a joke ( hence `` practically '' ) , although i 'd say it 's arguable . 
  if triss did n't withhold that information , it 's likely geralt would n't have wanted to have sex with her . 
  it 's kind of like a reverse blackmail , and i 'm pretty sure regular blackmailing into sex counts as rape . 
  that said , i 'm hesitant to call it rape too . 
  but she did definitely take advantage of him . 
  nope , the `` nearby '' is also sorted randomly , unfortunately . 
  1 ) i agree . 
  disappointing . 
  buuut i think after a certain point new architecture is necessary in order to make some progress . 
  also nintendo games are * relatively * easy to emulate so perhaps we 'll see some official emulator for nx ( like what ps4 did ? ), 
  2 ) this is hard to speculate about but i 'm fairly confident they 'll reach wiiu performance . 
  but i 'm not worried about performance with nintendo anyway . 
  they know how to make things fun and as long as they meet the minimum ( near wiiu levels ) i do n't really care . 
  this may be personal but i 've got a pc to impress me performance-wise and i rely on my nintendo consoles for a wholly different reason . 
  3 ) ca n't comment too much on that but sounds like it sucks . 
  although i had a similair problem finding the sotc bundle in europe and ended up getting it shipped from usa for less than 10 $ total , while usually import costs are huge for europe . 
  maybe you just need to find the correct global shipper ? 
  4 ) i kinda agree . 
  hopefully it 'll be some real simple plug 'n' play thing but who knows . 
  i 'm also worried about the size of this thing . 
  the reason i still love my gba sd is because it fits easily in my pocket and i can take it anywhere . 
  5 ) i was worried at first , but when i think about it i doubt it 'll be a problem . 
  most games these days that are over 32 gb are way too expansive for a handheld / nintenso console anyway . 
  also ultra hd texture packs and unnecessary stuff like that can easily take up  10gb in those games . 
  i 'm from the same place , and i have the complete opposite opinion and experience . 
  so i guess that 's how far that `` proof '' gets ya . 
  do you really think there would n't be * more * crimes including firearms if they were legal ? 
  so many crimes are committed by unstable people without much planning , they are n't gon na go through the trouble of the black market . 
  not saying it 's impossible to get your hands on a gun here , but thinking legalising guns would n't make a difference is ignorant . 
  the usa is one of the few western countries where they 're legal , and * surprise * , they 're the only one with a staggering amount of guncrimes . 
  even if you account for population . 
  just think about school shootings . 
  the black market is pretty much off limits for children . 
  some unstable bullying victim psycho could * never * get their hands on a gun here in nl . 
  whereas if guns were legal they could just grab their parents ' gun and go to town . 
  just an example , but if you do n't think ease of access enables more crimes you need to reconsider . 
   might not be enough, 
  every little bit , life saved , helps . 
  yeah i 'm pretty sure the first one is jazz jackrabbit like the others said . 
  it used to be lost in my memory too until a few years back, 
  i would absolutely love to pledge to this game , but it amazes me how such a huge crowdfunding site only accepts 1 type of payment , and that payment type being creditcard . 
  that 's just shutting off such a huge number of potential backers ( me included ) . 
  they 've been around for so long , why is n't stuff like paypal an option ? 
  really bummed , only project to date i 've really wanted to back :(, 
  oh wow , i swear that was n't there last time i checked . 
  anyway , thanks for the heads up, 
  wait what .
