  timezones are man-made imaginary borders and cover quite a large area . 
  very controversial topic even in the netherlands , but worth noting that ` sinterklaas ' is its own holiday and not related to christmas . 
  although the american ` santa claus ' is largely based on the ` sinterklaas ' character . 
  similarly , there are theories that black pete itself is based on tamed demonic figures ( or like krampus in germany ) , or even the black crows of odin . 
  my phone may have a shitty camera , but new zealand makes up for it, 
  i know what he meant , but i 'm being an antfucker and pointing out that 's not what timezones are . 
  also it 's not even true , you can be on the same longitude as someone else . 
  swim away !, 
  i can confirm the only thing in this lake that can kill you is the bloody cold . 
  nz does n't really have dangerous animals . 
  i can see how that would be desirable , but the reality is a lot of people * do n't * speak fluent english . 
  banning them from working is going to do a lot more bad than good . 
  mastering a language could take years . 
  enforcing english only is too strict , and does n't work in practice . 
  i think as long as people are making an * effort * to learn the local language it should be enough . 
  you know , the more i think about it , the more i ca n't really see how ` speaking english ' is different from any other type of skill that employers already can demand from their employees ( like a certain degree ) . 
  i guess in my head i was imagining a scenario where employers could potentially band together , all requiring english skills , and therefore ` ban ' people without english skills ( most immigrants ) from working . 
  but not only is that a pretty unrealistic scenario , i also think that ( like mentioned in my first post ) immigrants should be putting an effort to learning the language anyways . 
  so i agree on the employment requirement part . 
  however , i do think punishing employees for speaking another language on the workfloor is pushing it too far . 
  but i can also see how foreign languages would make it troublesome to enforce other speech-related company policies / rules . 
  not really sure what the best solution is here . 
  just saw an actual song in my subbox from a youtuber who normally only does weird video game remixes . 
  i was very pleasantly surprised . 
  [ teenage arcade collective - going nowhere ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rbzupmuuwz0&amp;t=0s ), 
  they only have two songs but it 's right up my alley . 
  anxiously waiting for more . 
  pout your lips as small as possible , but not so small that you cant exhale without putting * force * behind your breath , or any other type of extra effort, 
  after that its honestly just a matter of making the right shape with your tongue . 
  try to move it around and see if you get anything resembling any kind of resonance . 
  remember to change not only position but also shape . 
  if you 're having trouble , try making your tongue wide , lifting the back of your tongue against the roof of your mouth , but leave a little space . 
  so like the sides of the back of your tongue should hit your teeth , but the middle does n't quite hit the roof . 
  then wiggle the tip of your tongue until you hit a note . 
  . . it 's not easy to explain , but that 's how i do it . 
  / r/contagiouslaughter /, 
  if cs : go is your main jam then definitely go for the 165hz . 
  if money is an issue or your gpu is n't top of the line then 100 is plenty . 
  remember though , a display usually outlives your machine by quite some years . 
  my pc gets rebuilt every 3 to 5 years or so but i 'm likely to carry over my monitor . 
  it might be worth investing . 
  it 's called an inside joke . 
  glad to hear it !, 
  and yeah , practice makes perfect . 
  i remember spending whole afternoons trying to whistle to songs as a kid . 
  took me a few days to get it under control . 
  this is the most annoying soundtrack i 've ever heard, 
  pretty sure this is n't allowed as submission , so [ here 's ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xxhwh ) a small album of the surrounding area, 
  damn , i 've played styx but have yet to play mgsv , but the context was enough to spoil it even with the tag :(, 
  i agree the styx bossfight was really bad . 
  i did like the ` endgame ' section with the elves , though . 
  they were so much harder to stealthkill i was forced to come up with new strategies . 
  that whole last section kind of felt like a ` bossfight ' to me . 
  there 's also a second bossfight ( or should i say first ) halfway through the game , against the same villain , and it 's more like your proposal with sneaking up on each other . 
  but it 's still pretty bad . 
  getting stealth kills just is n't as intense as you 'd want from a bossfight . 
  that part reminded me of the shadow of mordor bossfight where you fight the tower . 
  just 3 sneakups needed and i beat him in like 20 seconds . 
  like others mentioned , i think batman does it best . 
  honestly i do n't even really know what the fight was supposed to be . 
  i 'm not exaggerating when i say i beat it in 20 seconds . 
  probably just got really lucky , or it glitched out . 
  because i walked up to him , stealth drained , went around a corner , stealth drained the dude that came to check on the kill , then stealth drained the first guy i saw . 
  i think i did see some extra copies with the wraith vision but they ended up being useless ... 
  props to you op . 
  i 'm interested in oxenfree and golf with your friends . 
  cheers !, 
  seconded . 
  grop home and grow up are my favourite chillgames . 
  spent a good time 100 % ing them both . 
  maybe also fez and human : fall flat , but they do require some thinking . 
  besides that brothers , undertale , valian hearts , and the stanley parable are all easy but have great stories . 
  i jumped straight into developing vr games with unity and have n't really run into any major problems . 
  am i doing something right or terribly wrong and should i reconsider ? 
  it 's pretty easily boiled down to genre . 
  obviously shooters , strategy games , or anything first person plays better with a kb&m . 
  but pretty much any racing / flying game , sports game , platformer , fighting game , or partygame plays heaps better with a controller . 
  analogue control really does make a difference . 
  then there 's the case of console ports , and 3rd person action adventure and top-down games . 
  here it depends , but for me it 's usually decided by how much ` aiming ' is involved . 
  some games are even better with both . 
  when i play gtav i pick up the controller whenever i get into a vehicle and return to kb&m when on foot to be able to shoot . 
  of course games will have to support this smooth transition . 
  if you occasionally play these genres i 'd say it 's worth it . 
  they 're not that expensive and can add an extra dimension to your experience . 
   you can not hope to get the precision of a mouse . 
  of course not , this has never been the goal . 
  but there are plenty of games that do n't require precision , and then in most cases the controller will win on other criteria . 
  you could also say a controller is more ` precise ' in some specific cases , like maintaining a slow speed in a driving game or differentiate between walking , jogging , and running ( or direction ) in a 3rd person game . 
  easy to do with an analogue trigger or stick , difficult with a digital key where you have to use your finger as some kind of pwm . 
  fez is one of my favourite games !, 
  and based on your selection i 'm betting you 'd like it a lot . 
  definitely put it at the top of your maybe 's, 
  not really , you just keep asking `` why though ? '', 
  until there are no more explanations left . 
  because he started at the point where there is none needed . 
  to use the example given to you in another thread ( tea or coffee ) i could ask you * why * you do n't like bitterness . 
  you probably could n't come up with an answer for this ( unless it 's related to some child trauma or something ) because preferences are often unexplainable . 
  that 's the same point op was at . 
  if you explain this to people the way you explained it here i think most people would n't consider it racist .
