  do you want other people to live ? 
  do you want children and do you want them alive ? 
  that 's why . 
  it 's nature . 
  it 's hardwired into our existence . 
  the `` point '' of life if you ask me . 
  do you mean contibued existence of our species or just yourself ? 
  if it 's yourself , then why are you still alive ? 
  ( also i 'd label you as an exception ), 
  if you mean our species , my point was kind of that it 's similair to the need for your own continued existence . 
  i do not share your view , but i find your perspective very intriguing . 
  i can understand your reaction to the broken mug , but would you not take special care of the mug , as a preemptive measure ? 
  would your fondness of these mugs make you think twice about placing them outside on a windy day ? 
  i think life is fond of living , and thus tries to avoid its end . 
  we also take joy in seeing others experience this thing we are so fond of . 
  i wish i was as worryless as you . 
  i guess if you think about it , space exploration may be closer related to fear of death than you think , which is vastly subjective . 
  thank you for this little exchange , it definitely made me think . 
  i 'm curious though , do you support space exploration ? 
  may i be so rude and annoying to ask why you type `` txts '' ? '', 
  texts '' is only one letter longer , and you do n't need to press shift or capslock so it 's just as much effort . 
  when i was 12-ish i was going to going to watch a movie with my mom . 
  we were the only ones home so it was gon na be some quality mother-son time . 
  we were setting it all up with blankets , popcorn , etc and we prepared hotdogs ( something we never usually have ) for dinner . 
  right before we start my sister comes home and starts joking about `` having fun without her '' and then goes `` ooh hotdogs !, 
  i want one !, 
  '' , wrestling my mom to get to the them . 
  she grabs one and takes a big bite . 
  that one was mine . 
  i sauced it up just right and they were the last ones . 
  i was absolutely devastated . 
  my mom offered me hers , of course , but it just was n't the same . 
  something about the perfect movie-watching scenario i had hyped up for a while just got destroyed . 
  i know my sister meant well , i cried way harder than a 12 year old boy should . 
  i was taught that whenever the list items contain commas themselves , the list comma becomes a semicolon . 
  so ( a , b , c , d ) becomes ( 5,6 ; 1,5 ; 8,0 ; 10,7 ) . 
  i guess you 're right , i 've never thought the english system was better until now , although i still prefer the decimal separator to be more visible than the thousands-indicator ( lol terminology ), 
  ( i 'm dutch btw ), 
  once you get into more advanced math with vectors and stuff there is a difference between a dot and a cross , called ` dot product ' and ` cross product ' respectively . 
  wait what ? 
  you use commas for a dot product ? 
  now it 's really getting wild . 
  i 'm pretty sure this is n't a regional thing as i 've worked with these things both in canada and holland . 
  '' < a , b  '' is a vector notation , not an operator , and a ` dot ' product most certainly uses a dot . 
  ( scalar product is also correct yes ), 
  `` a rectangular vector in r ^ n can be specified using an ordered set of components , enclosed in either parentheses or angle brackets . '', 
  both apparently , although i was taught to use ( ) for coordinates , and <  for vectors . 
  edit : also all the vectors in the example you linked use angle brackets <  , way to diss yourself :p, 
  i 'd hardly call $ 25 a ` plunge ' . 
  i have both a x360 and steam controller . 
  i do n't use them very often , but i 'm very glad i bought then . 
  analog controls are great for racing games . 
  other than that it 's mostly platformers , fighting games and console ports ( i originally bought mine for darksouls ) . 
  if you play these genres , do it !, 
  you could play witcher with it , there 's not too much aiming involved , but i would n't recommend fallout 4 . 
  that 's very sweet of you . 
  i 've been on exchange in canada myself and i ca n't tell you how delighted i was to receive a package from my parents full of sinterklaas goodies . 
  i think the others covered it all pretty well , so i 'll try to give you some practical tips . 
  during my stay in canada i did n't find any sinterklaas-themed candy , but i did find a shelf dedicated to regular dutch candy in the ` sobey 's ' supermarket . 
  the only thing kind of sinterklaas-related they sold was marsepein ( marzipan ) and speculaas ( gingerbread ) , but i 'm sure she 'll be happy to see regular dutch candy like stroopwafels and drop as well , which they also sell . 
  other than that , buy like a small funny gift and try to put it in her shoe and knock loudly on her door at december 5th , that should cover it . 
  let us know how it went !, 
  i 'd love to see an update , 
  too late i guess , but thanks for the giveaway !, 
  i love platformers so i 'd love to try out your game . 
  if you enjoyed half-life you should definitely get metro . 
  they 're pretty similar and it 's one of my favourite games . 
  i got played like a damn fiddle with a sales pitch from the dev . 
  i paid $ 50 and i regret everything . 
  i had fun at first with the cool controls ( special gamepad ) , graphics and freedom , but there 's absolutely 0 depth to the game . 
  it bores incredibly quickly as there 's nothing to do . 
  perhaps if you had the dlc ... 
  but yeah ... got ta pay up ... 
  can anyone here comment on the current state of the game ? 
  i played in both betas and the game was just riddled with bugs and terrible matchmaking and servers . 
  a shame because i really , ** really ** like the core gameplay . 
  it was just so badly put together it felt unfinished . 
  the worst thing was the exceptional high ping for everyone . 
  have things changed ? 
  i really do n't want to spend this already-too-large-sum of money on another one of ubisofts broken releases . 
  take a look at the kingston hyperx cloud ii . 
  it 's one of the best gaming headsets and sorta modular so you can use it with your phone . 
  it has an audio jack connection ( with option to plug into a usb-extension for 7.1 surround ) and you can also pull out the mic , leaving just headphones . 
  only problem i had with them is some crackling with low volume . 
  oh yeah and they 're kinda expensive . 
  edit : i 'm gon na try linking on mobile : [ here 's a picture ] ( http://www.modders-inc.com/wp-content/uploads/image//2015/01/hyperxcloudii12.jpg ) . 
  you can see the audio jack on the right of the control box . 
  they 're really comfy !, 
  why can only find 1 comment about this ? 
  what ` hole ' are people talking about here ? 
  it 's in the article . 
  each block represents 12,5 m x 12,5 m x 5m . 
  it also says built structures are n't there , only terrain features . 
  but hey , that 's where minecraft shines . 
  you can build your own & neighbour 's house in the correct location and th\u00e9n blow it up !, 
  wow , that 's some solid work . 
  i 'd love to have one of my russian heavy . 
  team : red, 
  cosmetic 1 : the heavy artillery officer 's cap ( no paint ), 
  cosmetic 2 : the unshaved bear ( no paint ),
