eurail is not a train service but a pass that gives you access to most national and high speed rail services ( though you need to pay an extra fee for the thalys , eurostar and certain other high speed services ) . 
  it 's useful if you like rail , are travelling short distances frequently and do n't have fixed travel dates . 
  if you have fixed travel dates and can book in advance it 's often cheaper to buy each leg individually . 
  according to [passport.org ] ( https://www.passportindex.org/comparebypassport.php?p1=de&amp;p2=pl&amp; ) the german passport gets you more visa free access than the polish one . 
  in particular poles require a visa to visit the usa according to the site . 
  however , germany is more restrictive when it comes to multiple citizenship . 
  it 's pretty much only allowed for european nationals and some other countries where it 's really hard or impossible to renounce citizenship . 
  not sure if brexit ( it will probably depend on how long your application takes - and how long brexit takes ) will impact this . 
  technically you should travel with your passport on you at all times as police can legally ask you to produce it at any time for any reason ( though it does n't happen often ) . 
  as for getting carded in the supermarket when you buy liquor , you 're likely to be fine unless you look really young . 
  depending on your itinerary it may wind up being cheaper purchasing individual tickets so you should compare the cost of the pass you 're looking at with the individual fares , especially if you have your itinerary planned out in advance and can take advantage of cheaper advance tickets . 
  you should also be aware that certain services ( mostly high-speed services ) in certain countries require a seat reservation and there 's typically an extra charge for this . 
  you can check if reservation is required by looking at the particular train your interested in on interrail website or app . 
  to go from denmark to sweden you can take the train over the \u00d8resund bridge with a range of different services . 
  interrail passes also provide discounts on a range of ferry services . 
  interrail passes are only valid for eu citizens and residents , if you 're not you should get a eurail pass . 
  you can get the global ( which is valid in the eu minus the baltics plus norway , switzerland , serbia , montenegro , macedonia , bosnia and turkey ) pass or a single country pass ( the eurail pass also has pass valid for up to 4 neighbouring countries ) . 
  be aware that not all train services are included in the eurail pass - some private rail lines do n't participate . 
  there 's full details on the website . 
  i do fear for our governments ' responses to terrorism . 
  but i 'm more afraid of getting mugged by a guy in a clown suit than terrorism . 
  you are allowed 90 days in schengen countries outside of the one you have the visa for . 
  that is the time you spend in the czech republic ( well the time for which you have a visa for at least ) do n't count towards the overall 90 day limit . 
  just make sure you keep some records of your travel in case any immigration officials ask questions about how long you 've spent in schengen outside of cz . 
  when in italy be careful when making the ` rock and roll ' sign . 
  if done at someone ( and particularly when waved back and forth ) it can mean they 're a cuckold !, 
   italy has the most in europe , with seven . 
  i do n't know if i 'd count the thing they have in perugia as a metro - it 's more of a strange cross between a funicular and a monorail , that ca n't run at night because the neighbours complain about about the noise . 
  it depends what you 're looking for . 
  obviously the urban planning paradigm will be different from ubc and the european universities . 
  vancouver has much more in the way of outdoorsy activities ( i did a student exchange at ubc and it was rad - great undergrad and grad student life ) , delft is in the middle of europe making it easy to get anywhere , lund is small and friendly ( i have a number of friends who 've gone there ) and stockholm is just a really great city ( but way way expensive ) . 
  edit : note , i 'm originally from australia . 
  you could get a one country eurail pass , but be aware that all high speed and intercity trains in italy require reservations and you will pay an extra fee for this . 
  if you can book your trains in advance you may be better off doing so now and taking advantage of cheaper fares that are available now . 
  you should be able to purchase tickets ( that include the reservation ) for less than the cost of a eurail pass . 
  bureaucracy that is alternately soul-crushing and infuriating . 
  i drink a local brand ( caff\u00e8 janko ) , amongst others . 
  italian coffee is good because it 's simple , quick and being a barista is a real , full-time career - and not the domain of pimply high school students who do n't give a damn . 
  though i also initially laughed at the starbucks announcement , i think a small number of strategically placed locations will work . 
  there 's enough expats , tourists and americaphile hipsters to satisfy a business - i 've even seen some hipster joints in milan advertise `` american coffee '' . 
  i like : ricotta - with some honey on toast for breakfast . 
  gorgonzola ( piccante ) - in pretty much anything , but especially risotto or on pizza with porcini mushrooms . 
  parmigiano reggiano - the * real * parmesan and far , far superior to the grated cardboard you buy in the us . 
  shropshire blue - my favourite blue cheese . 
  caprino - a goats cheese , great on sandwiches . 
  i could go on , and on and on . 
  yeah , outside of europe dastardly `` food safety '' laws prevent the import of non-aged raw milk cheeses . 
  and the brie you get in the us is nothing like real brie , the good stuff you get from normandie . 
  the short answer is ceuta and melilla , two spanish cities which are enclaves in morocco . 
  they are fully part of the eu but outside of the customs zone . 
  the longer answer includes a bunch of islands that are territories of european countries . 
  being a territory of one of the eu member states does not automatically make one part of the eu . 
  the territories outside of europe that are fully part of the eu ( ie . 
  where eu law , with a few asterisks , automatically applies ) are known as the outermost regions . 
  in the african region there are five islands and island groups which are outermost regions : madeira , an autonomous region of portugal . 
  the canary islands , autonomous communities of spain . 
  mayotte and reunion , overseas regions of france . 
  edit : removed the azores - the replies are correct . 
  you mean hand-egg . 
  given the recent poll that showed that [ fears in the us of terrorism are at a ten year high ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/187655/americans-name-terrorism-no-problem.aspx ) ( and i 'd imagine it 's similar in canada ) your concern is understandable , but largely unfounded . 
  despite the recent attacks and copious amounts of front-page coverage the likelihood of actually experiencing one is tiny - [ data ] ( http://travel.state.gov/content/travel/en/statistics/deaths.html ) on tourist fatalities shows that drowning and car accidents are much more likely to kill you . 
  furthermore even with the recent attacks in france , europe is far safer in terms of terrorism risk than it was in the [ 70s , 80s and early 90s ] ( http://qz.com/558597/charted-terror-attacks-in-western-europe-from-the-1970s-to-now/ ) . 
  so plan your holiday and have fun - just do n't forget that they drive on the other side of the road in the uk and ireland . 
  schengen basically means that you should treat ( almost ) all of continental europe as a single country for visa purposes . 
  [ as a us citizen ] ( http://travel.state.gov/content/passports/en/go/schengen-fact-sheet.html ) you should n't need a visa for the schengen area , but you do need to make sure you get your passport stamped each time you cross over from the common travel area ( uk/ireland ) . 
  although border controls within schengen ( which includes , denmark and sweden ) technically do not exist a number of countries have re-instated them/increase internal checks of travellers due to the refugee crisis and the paris terrorist attacks . 
  so you may get checked when you 're in europe so make sure you keep your passport with you when you 're travelling around . 
  in addition to your travel documents it 's always a good idea to hang onto things like plane and train ticket stubs and hostel receipts if you ever get into a situation where there are questions about how much time you 've spent in schengen . 
  i 've heard good things about heidelberg as a student exchange destination - but yeah a list of possible destinations would be a good idea . 
  i 'm not sure - there 's insufficient metrication . 
  [ this type . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/3/34/metric_clock.jpg ), 
  it also includes some non-eu countries ( norway , switzerland , iceland and lichtenstein ) as well as most of the european microstates ( that are n't part of the eu ) . 
  it also does n't yet include some newer eu countries who are obligated to join eventually . 
  assuming that your student visa is a schengen visa ( which it will almost certainly be ) you are allowed to travel to other countries within the schengen area , but excluding the country the country that the visa is issued in you are still only entitled to be in the rest of the schengen area for 90 days out of any 180 day period . 
  you should still travel with your passport and hold onto proof of travel ( tickets , hostel receipts etc. ), 
  in case there are any questions about you meeting this condition of your visa . 
  italy : 1 . 
  most high speed trains have sockets in seats . 
  on other trains sockets in some places can sometimes be found . 
  often they are not functional . 
  if you go looking hard enough yes , but i would n't say they are ` offered ' . 
  some high speed trains and it 's free . 
  delays and cancellations ( even without strikes ) are very common . 
  coffee is better near , not in , stations . 
  signage in stations is normally poor . 
  announcements for high speed and inter-city trains are often in english . 
  try / r/iwantout your questions are more their speciality . 
  www.mastersportal.eu for searching for programs of study . 
  you can search for programs in english , which will be important as native language programs typically require demonstration of a certain level of competency to apply . 
  i was thinking more some sort of biofuel or perhaps we can develop a material with higher energy storage density than petroleum . 
  deregulation of the airline industry made flights cheap . 
  because the rail system is essentially a series of national monopolies they tend to be more expensive or heavily subsidised . 
  for most mid distance routes flying is cheaper than rail . 
  europe has three times the population density of the usa and japan has ten times the density . 
  it 's the short to mid distance travel where rail competes well in europe and japan because the density is there to support it . 
  also the infrastructure is already there , so the operating costs are cheaper . 
  there are parts of the usa where high speed rail might work ( if it were cheaper ) , but i really ca n't see it happening . 
  because of the amount of concrete involved in rail projects , from an environmental standpoint we 're much better off developing more efficient and carbon neutral air travel than ploughing money into high speed rail . 
  try searching on http://www.mastersportal.eu/ you can specify that you 're non-eea , that you want the language in english and search and sort on multiple other criteria .
