  did n't see anything particularly appalling though . 
  milk-induced longevity , fuck yea . 
  sure , it was just ** months ** before . 
  you mean [ shit like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stara_zagora#stara_zagora ) ? 
   on july 31 , 1877 a 48 000 turkish army was launched on the town , which was merely defended by a small russian detachment and a small unit of bulgarian volunteers . 
  after a six-hour fight for stara zagora , the russian soldiers and bulgarian volunteers surrendered to the pressure of the larger enemy army . 
  the town then soon experienced its greatest tragedy . 
  the armed turkish army carried out the stara zagora massacre against the weaponless civilians . 
  the city was burned down and razed to the ground during the three days following the battle . 
  incredibly sadistically were massacred 14,500 bulgarians from the town and villages south of the town , encompassing all bulgarian civilians with exceptions . 
  another 10,000 young women and girls were sold in the slave markets of the ottoman empire . 
  all christian temples were attacked with artillery and burned . 
  the only public building surviving the fire was the mosque , eski dzhamiya , remaining even nowadays . 
  this is possibly the largest and worst massacre documented in the bulgarian history and one of the most tragic moments of the bulgarians . 
   he says their unemployment skyrocketed after the joined the eu . 
  high priced made them to work abroad and left the country wasted in economical and social spheres . 
  unemployment has been pretty much on the same level in the past 10 and more years , so i call bullshit on this one . 
  it got higher after the 08-09 crisis , but it 's steadily falling down now ( actually we have worker shortage in many areas such as it and engineering ) , and the economy is growing , although slowly ( 3 % last year ) . 
  of course i would , we 're practically cousins . 
  well , savannajeff does have a point - it would be much , much harder , because there will be a thousand times more opinions that contradict each other - so no technical progress would be made . 
  that 's why it 's easier to discuss a document 's final version instead of a constantly changing one . 
  thank you , i 'll have a look . 
   although , of course , this is not the treaty itself . 
  you 're still bulgarian , lol . 
  profit expectations are not ` expropriation ' . 
  also - what is your source on the treaty ? 
  i 'd like to read it just as you apparently do . 
  also , the other way around - of course if i 'm forming a government , i 'll try to include the biggest experts in the major field , which - surprise surprise , are not clerks , but people with extensive experience in the private field . 
   what this means is , that us corporations would be able to bypass domestic courts and challenge health policy decisions before ad hoc arbitration tribunals when they face either ( 1 ) direct or indirect expropriation or ( 2 ) unfair or discriminative treatment by the government . 
  for example , if the state regulates in such way that affects all private investors in this area , this wo n't be considered grounds for isds . 
  only if the state regulates in a manner that discriminates a particular investor , the latter should be able to protect their interests before a tribunal . 
  sounds pretty fair to me , besides it 's already the norm in the west . 
  yes , most of international trade is conducted between private subjects . 
  of course they should n't have a say on the matter . 
  most of the stuff in the balkans gets discovered accidentally ( farming , road/building/pipeline construction ) , and there 's a lot of ancient stuff . 
  greek colonies from the classical period have well known locations because there are still towns in more or less the same places ( black sea coast ) , and there 's also a ton of thracian and roman remains all around the country . 
  that 's the point . 
  there was this old joke - they asked 100 men what 's 10 x 100 grams and everybody said liter , not kilogram ... 
  i knew it was the dick-knocking crutches guy even before i clicked the link . 
  thank you for that all-time classic . 
  so how is high school going for you so far , did you make any friends ? 
  nothing pretty special here , dg 's responsible for structural and cohesion funds maintain a complex monitoring and audit system for the allocation of funds , actually national authorities catch most of the irregularities and frauds in the first place . 
  in short , financial corrections and cutting of funds happen all the time . 
  we need more of your mentality down here . 
  the soviet union was in a state of war more or less constantly from 1939 to 1941 - with the japanese in mongolia , with the polish ( although for a short period ) , the winter war with finland , the occupation of bucovina . 
  not having those wars does n't hinder moving your industrial base , actually it helps . 
  and it helps you defending from germany , because , you know , you have a whole other country you can support to shield you from the germans . 
  for me , stalin 's aggressive intentions , towards germany as well , are clear as day . 
  of course it matters . 
  the soviet union had no buffer in 1941 - they were attacked directly by the wehrmacht , and not over the river oder , but hundreds of kilometres to the east of that . 
  also , what stops stalin from moving his factories to the east anyway ? 
  i have a dangerous rogue state on the other side of poland , a buffer country of several hundred miles ? 
  yes , the best way to protect myself from his aggression is to remove this enormous buffer . 
  who actually believes that ? 
  we bring the rakia , you bring the dna , shake hands ? 
  oppression intensifies . 
  this is pretty universal . 
  we have it here as well . 
  is there any debate here , actually ? 
  the principle should be that a business should abide the rules of the place it operates in - taxation , labour rules , etc. 
  true , our countries are very different in that sector . 
  so it seems like things resembled some sort of a market principle during the late ussr , right ? 
  we also had collectivisation , and industrialisation more or less in the same way stalin did it ( after all , stalinists did it in bulgaria ) , but not to the same extent , and the country never had any problems with feeding itself since agriculture was pretty intensive even before world war ii . 
  so individual labor in farm collectives was n't valued a lot - my grandmother received several times less money for the same hours of physical labour compared to what my granddad received for maybe less hours as a teacher . 
  actually in bulgaria farming was in the lowest possible wage bracket . 
  beautiful !, 
  this is the traditional stuff right here , usually most of the martenitsi nowadays are made in china . 
  not very much into irony , i guess . 
  and not the strongest of nerves , but it 's unterstandable , arguing or reddit is the stuff of manliness , no-one said it should be easy . 
   edit : geez , i did n't know the crimean grab would be so easy - just organize a mock referendum and boom - you have ` democracy ' ... 
  sure , electing someone is more democratic than having a ruler by birth . 
  i 'd gladly trade my country 's institutional system which includes a democratically elected president for the oppressive tyranny of the norwegian or belgian institutional systems . 
  as i said in my previous post - more elections do n't equal more democracy , but you 're free to believe otherwise . 
  i disagree that an elected head of state is a credible indicator of the state of democracy and political rights in a country , compared to a monarch . 
  having a predictable and fair institutional system - and great britain , ironically , is the first modern example of such a system - is what makes a country democratic , be it a republic or a monarchy , and having a traditional form of head of state is really a minor factor compared to the big picture . 
  for example , belgium is a monarchy , and russia is a republic . 
  vladimir putin is elected president with a landslide . 
  which country has a more democratic environment in your eyes ? 
  moreover , there are a ton of important offices and positions that are not elected or subject to any kind of public decision-making ( and in many cases people can not be dismissed from such offices unless in eceptional circumstances ) . 
  this does n't hurt democracy , actually it may as well protect it from political turmoil that could hinder sensible state policies - think judges , police chiefs and the like . 
  once again , in short - more elections do n't equal more democracy . 
  i think the institution of veto on legislative decisions is profoundly democratic , and that it matters less if the authority who exercises the veto is called king , pope , president or whatever ; it matters more what else the head of state could do in the overall balance of power . 
  so we agree do disagree . 
  the form of government says next to nothing about how democratic a country is . 
  the ussr and all former socialist states , and also present day china are all republics but none of them qualify as democracies . 
  meanwhile the uk , the netherlands , spain and many others are monarchies , but have supremacy of constitution - the balance of power is very very different from absolute monarchies like saudi arabia for example . 
  in short , not all monarchies concentrate absolute power in the hands of the head of state , and certainly not all republics are democracies . 
  veto on parliamentary acts exists in republics too - it 's usually a prerogative of whoever is head of state ; and usually there 's a mechanism to overcome the veto , like a second voting with absolute majority ( more than a half of all mps ) . 
  most monarchs have pretty ceremonial prerogatives though . 
  bulgaria air is property of [ tim group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tim_ ( firm ) - who are one of the biggest organised crime/oligarchs in the country ( drug trafficking and prostitution in the 90s ) and own banks , media outlets , utility companies and various other businesses , to the point that according to public opinion they own half the country . 
  anyway , bulgaria air 's quality is what you might expect from the owners ' background - the sevice is often described as awful , though i 've flied them a couple of times recently and they were okay ; but i know guys and girls there and they often do n't get paid for several months and are treated like shit by management . 
  i guess we need the 9th pleven division back on the spot there . 
   ttip negotiations continue in the shadows in both america and the eu and they enter a new and dangerous stage as existing legal barriers that would inhibit certain types of ( harmful ) trade are dismantled in favour of a new set of rules termed ` regulatory cooperation ' . 
  it sounds collaborative , it is , but just not in the public interest . 
   what this really means is that decades of regulations passed by governments , legislated upon for public interest and safety reasons are being swept aside . 
  ** these new regulations that the public and journalists are barred from being a party to include the demolition of environmental protections , safety at work regulations , food safety and other laws designed to protect and defend public safety . '', 
  so if you have access to these secret new agreements that no-one has access to , why do n't you just post them ? 
  how is high school going , op ? 
  this is getting more ridiculous by the day . 
  oh , and fuck you , erdogan .
