  i hope you all burn in hell . 
  we wuz khans 'n' shit !, 
  by the way krum , the bulgarian khan back then , also died in 814 . 
  also , what is marked as macedonia and thrace is actually the other way around ( macedonia was considered the area around modern edirne - the macedonian dinasty from 10-11 c. got its name from this area ) , and was disputed between bulgaria and the ere , in other words , we pillaged it repeatedly . 
  one of the major sunflower seed brands here was a major advertiser on national team home games as well . 
  that 's one rough monday . 
  still far better than communist bulgaria or romania , despite having similar output in the 30s . 
   i recently read that bg is again thinking about to intriduce the eur as currency . 
  not happening anytime soon ; besides , what 's wrong about it ? 
  we 're pegged to the eur regardless . 
  do n't you think china will not make haste with harmonizing their legal framework with the european , given that their government strongly supports upstream companies as a policy ? 
  i do n't imply that the eu does n't engage in some forms of protectionism but i doubt we are even remotely on the same level . 
  good news for eu 's trade policy . 
  i guess if ttip is n't being negotiated right now , and a trade agreement with korea already in place , the commission 's next priority will be japan . 
  you 're right - i 've expressed myself incorrectly here , it 's not really about efficiency . 
  what studwell , the author of the book , argues ( and what is referred to in the link ) is that output in east asian farms is higher in places where land reform has led to most of the population having small plots to work on , in comparison to places where large farming estates were preserved . 
  in other words - smaller farms are better managed because farming , unlike manufacturing , has a lot less to do with scale than with micro-management . 
  i 'm not an agriculture expert , nor a mathematician , so you 're more qualified for this type of conversation here !, 
  anyway , if you can find the book cited ( how asia works ) , give it a go , it has some nice insights on agricultural policy - unfortunately , i only have a paperback copy . 
  orpheus was a black man wonder why greece is always so anti-thracian ? 
  it 's because the most important thracian musician was a black man and greece is actively working to keep the black man down share the truth brothers and sisters !, 
  dobrudja - the bread basket of bulgaria . 
   efficiency in agriculture can be achieved through pulling together large areas of land and managing them to scale . 
   experience from land reform in east asia tells this is plainly wrong - higher efficiency in farming is directly correlated to the amount of intensive labor per unit of area instead of scale . 
  [ a short summary on the topic is available here ] ( https://jasonbayz.wordpress.com/2016/08/22/how-asia-works/ ) . 
  your other points are spot-on . 
  women in all foreign delegations wear headscarves in iran because it 's etiquette . 
  itt : people who think etiquette and formality in international relations are a joke . 
  how is that ? 
  it could n't remove russia 's second strike capability because of its nuclear subs that could strike from anywhere . 
  in other news , no disturbances at the bulgarian-ukrainian border . 
  good . 
  romania is off-limits to anyone who thinks of invading the country . 
  in the words of the rich and prosperous mr butch ( pulp fiction ) - i do n't feel the least bit bad about it . 
  hello , dear ferdinand , where have you been all those years ? 
  and at the end of the day - we are affected . 
  bulgaria has no interest in stagnating neighbors and can only benefit from prosperous ones . 
  eh , it was less of a stab and more of an axe in the back . 
   the messages on social media have been to keep the protests peaceful , but now at 22:30 there have been some football hooligans causing problems ( throwing flares and objects ) . 
  this is the oldest trick in the book when people protest here . 
  the government indirectly pays football hooligans ( one of the subcultures with the least amount of integrity imaginable , i guess prostitutes have higher professional standards than ultras here ) to cause a bit of trouble at protests - as an excuse for the police to start beating people up . 
  top of the balkans !, 
  brilliant show with brilliant , benign humor . 
  they managed to joke with the germans , the french , the italians , the communists , even with themselves as english ; it was the best way to point out different national peculiarities , and to laugh over the past . 
  also , rene himself was a great character with some paralells to our current reality - the guy who plays along with one side , and with the other side at the same time , while trying to devise his own plans - he reminds me a lot of modern politicians , actually . 
  rest in peace , rene . 
  source on that ? 
  all three major powers had claims on different parts of macedonia prior to the balkan wars , on different grounds . 
  i never assumed you were russian , i point out you 're using typically russian rhetoric - just like i 'm using english without being an englishman/american/whatever . 
  yes , this is why desert areas with no significant population are not designated to a faction . 
  other than that , it 's mainly your wishful thinking . 
  i like how you use the typical russian rhetoric - `` will steamroll if they want to '' , `` will deal with isis '' , `` would have done something else '' . 
  really classic . 
  http://edmaps.com/syrian_civil_war_december_30_2016.png as far as i can read maps , the syrian rebel groups and democratic forces control much more land compared to the government itself . 
  what is the situation in parliament ? 
  will the mps actually support triggering article 50 in these circumstances ? 
  i tend to think a ` softer ' brexit would have had a better chance for passing than a ` hard ' one . 
  no they do n't , they are engaged in a real war with casualties from regular troops . 
  and in syria the russian `` steamrolling '' ended up with losing palmyra . 
  way to go , superpower . 
   if russia wanted they could easily take all baltic states , germany and have a good chance taking france if it was n't for nukes . 
  yet they struggle with taking more than two regions of ukraine , taking it up the ass by the ukrainian army . 
  wow , much empire , many stronk . 
  seeing the way he looks , i would n't be surprised if they tried to impregnate him as well . 
  edit : i do n't feel the least bit bad about him getting beaten . 
  it 's not formally called that , i just used that because it 's the closest one to the centre of the city ( also - the oldest of the big parks in sofia ) . 
  just a quick disclaimer - the photo is from a facebook page called `` sofia in details '' ( fb.com/sofiaindetails ) , they have a ton of cool shots of the city . 
  it started melting here as well . 
  enjoy the sun !, 
  that 's actually a pretty nice way to view the continent . 
  looks surreal !, 
  sounds like he jacked off all the time . 
  romanian history - rotated , edited multiple times , added lenses , voila . 
  same stuff in sofia in recent days . 
  of course it 's going to be removed . 
  after all , it has n't got the quality of a perfectly cubic public toilet in estonia or a swamp in central italy . 
  and that , kids , is the power of alcohol and people in large groups . 
  [ kaloyan , greek slayer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kaloyan_of_bulgaria ) , his later bulgarian equivalent . 
  ca n't find a source in english , but in 1201 , after conquering what is modern day varna , he ordered the defenders of the fortress to be buried alive . 
  the guy was a very able ruler , but no doubt fucked up in the head . 
  maybe the user tried to relate to national * catastrophes * which is a bit different term . 
  a ski resort in bulgaria , very close to the macedonian and greek borders . 
  i guess that makes it accessible for people from kosovo as well . 
  i never knew bansko was so popular in kosovo . 
  of course , there is no meaningful way to assess * absolute * parameters of the weather system over europe today , and in a chaotic system like this one ca n't predict the exact temperatures tomorrow , but no-one would bet that summer is coming . 
  get the point ? 
  and other than this form of gathering data by amnesty , how do * you * judge which country is more corrupt ? 
  and judging from that famous ` history of japan ' video , a fuck ton is upgraded from a shit ton . 
  flair checks out . 
  it 's called a methodology , you can see the one transparency international uses here : http://www.transparency.org/cpi2013/in_detail, 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/sep/27/britain-expels-90-soviet-spies a quick google search showed this . 
  apparently information by a russian defector was used as grounds for the british to accuse whole scores of people of espionage and expell them . 
  i guess countries use expulsions sparingly - if they have strong evidence that people from the other side are spying . 
  otherwise it 's a guessing game even if the counterintelligence follows everybody . 
  the us is the 16th cleanest on the corruption perception index while russia is 119th . 
  you 're ... sixteen , tops . 
  right ? 
  it may be rash , but it 's rather effective - taking out all of the gru means they wo n't be able to do proper work from inside the us for months , maybe even years . 
  of course , the russians can continue working via other channels , but it 's still a lot of rebuilding work ahead of them . 
  i think the current record for expelling russians is by the uk in the 70s - 105 soviet diplomats , the entire gru and kgb residentures in britain .
