  seconded . 
  well , 180 euro for eight hours of work equals 22.5 euro per hour . 
  not that bad . 
  waiting for the rakia drinkers infographic where we can finally claim 1st place in something . 
  well , half a litre would sell for something like 10-12 euro in most places . 
  also , it 's not exactly easy to find in every shop . 
  of course i like it . 
  it 's pretty expensive though . 
  otherwise yeah , our wine is nice . 
  one of the props living in a small town like where my parents are , is that you can buy something like a gallon from the local winery for 2 euro or something . 
  i hope it goes through , of course . 
   there are absolutely no justifications for isds to exist when any two modern , non-corrupt countries ( or blocs ) are trading with each other . 
  tribunals are also more specialized ( employing experts on trade matters only instead of handing the case to a regular court that deals with all kinds of civil law ) , quicker ( cases in many regular courts can drag for years even before getting ** started ** ) , and it 's usual trade practice since way back . 
  also , some countries in the eu do not fit the concept of having a modern independent judiciary - my country is a typical example , where the ` random ' assignment system assigns cases against a certain company to a single judge every single time . 
  ( true story , i can link in bulgarian if you 'd like ) . 
  fuck yea maple syrup . 
  this is like the oldest piece of circlejerk on the topic . 
  no-one can restrict a government to push whatever law it wants or has on its agenda , trade agreements offer protection for companies if they are treated unfairly ( a law makes it harder for a specific company just because it 's foreign ) or if their property has been taken without due compensation . 
  pretty fair to me , and it 's already in force for pretty much the whole developed world . 
  wow . 
  i looked up that guy on wikipedia , seems like a very interesting author . 
  have you read more of his stuff ? 
  name one . 
  well , no shit . 
  someone please link to the polandball ` arguing with a russian nationalist ' strip , thanks . 
  this reports on a * planned * event , and it 's two years old . 
  can you find any information on actual greek jets doing air policing here ? 
  not taking a piss here , i 've never ever heard of us using air policing , and just the mere proposal of doing so was received here like it 's gon na be the end of the world . 
  that would be perfectly cool if it 's true . 
  you 're the ones crying ` poverty ' after being deep in the shit for like the fifteenth time since 2008 , not us . 
  bailout programs have been financed by the european union budget , to which bulgaria contributes , and every bulgarian citizen contributes to the bulgarian state budget since we have consumer vat taxation . 
  bottom line - taxpayers have been involved and the phrase ` we had to financially support greeks ' - as in the greek state budget , is perfectly valid . 
   the money given were through a mechanism that involved banks . 
  of course it involves banks and banking . 
  this does n't mean taxpayer money are not involved . 
  you 've stepped up your sarcasm game !, 
  well , go and read it . 
  at least by literal translation - yes , some can conclude that ` government ' is the entity that governs , which means not only the political leadership but also the professional civil service which is attached ` ad ministerium ' , or in modern terms , administration . 
  that 's why it can be misleading . 
  at least in bulgarian the terms are different - there is a term for the head of government and his cabinet , and there is a term for the whole state administration ; but in english they are often the same word . 
  your , use of commas is frustrating me . 
  other than that , you 're completely spot on - the social aspect of your economy is usually topic # 1 unless some more pressing external issue is at hand . 
  that 's a pretty misleading title . 
  it still has its whole bureaucracy apparatus working , its whole administration is there doing its job , they just do n't have a political leadership right now - and it 's only a part of government . 
  i think this should be considered on an individual basis . 
  for example , the public tv in my country , despite being state-owned , and its director being a quasi-political office , has always had some standard of neutrality , and at times has openly opposed the government 's official narrative . 
  so being a state tv is not at all equal to being a government mouthpiece , at least in some cases . 
  there was a communist-era joke about the bulgarian flag - being white villas on green fields for red comrades . 
  something something petrodollar . 
  democracy is a great principle for political decisions , but not so much for technical ones ( no wonder many people claim technocracy and democracy are incompatible ) . 
  sometimes you need efficiency of decisions much more than representativeness - a classic ( though a bit extreme ) example is the military , where it would be suicidal to sit down and discuss orders on the battlefield . 
  you should delve into some retro chalga hits for 100 % bulgarian experience . 
  what ? 
  i 've never heard anything new from anelia for like 5 years . 
  you should ( not ) check out urinotherapy on morning tv shows here ... 
  could n't imagine a more punchable face than this one . 
  a mesopotamian film review ? 
  i thought this was r/subredditsimulator for a second . 
  not a chance , dude . 
  most opinions on ttip on reddit are primarily ideologemes . 
  just read the most upvoted stuff in this thread , it 's pretty much `` corporate enslavement/shit deal/corporations are gon na run us over '' and so on . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flynn_effect#nutrition - it is important, 
  i hope not . 
  no-one should be exempt from critic just because they 're some nationality . 
  the bottom line for me is that businessmen are as dirty as the environment lets them be . 
  swedish companies would be in a lot of trouble if they violate labour laws in sweden , but if all their competitors circumvent that by using child labor in south-east asia , are only h&m at fault or is it a systematic problem ? 
  you know what ? 
  or national-socialism was so right . 
  not that i wan na sound paranoic , but in the last weeks pro-russian posters are quite active in the bulgarian subreddit as well . 
  third , just behind powerhouses usa and russia !, 
  that 's mostly because of our freak weightlifting results , usually well-doped . 
  it was . 
  i do n't condone violence over anyone 's opinion but i 'm sure these are the attitudes over here - saying in parliament that in a generation ethnic bulgarians would be a minority and that would be a good thing is 100 % taboo and will get you in huge trouble . 
  and yeah , mps from other parties may well come over to give you a slap or two . 
  i personally think that this sort of speech should end your political career right away - as you 're not at all fit to represent the interests of your sovereign , who happens to be the people of bulgaria . 
  a truly `` what the shit '' moment for me right here . 
  call us backwards , but for something like that in the beacon of democracy that is the bulgarian parliament , she would get beaten right there on the podium . 
  what on earth would force you to camp in a fucking cemetery ? 
   most of my romanian , baltic and finnish friends live with real fear that putin wo n't stop with georgia and ukraine . 
  you can count a lot of bulgarians in - many resorts on the black sea are now full of russians to the point where russian is the main language . 
  i can see the kremlin using them as an excuse in the same way as in other places . 
  nothing surprising really , i think we 're under coordinated influence from the two states now they 're buddies again . 
  back when the turkish shot down the russian fighter , their joint venture in bulgaria , dps , split itself . 
  i guess they are - the next new post is `` understanding rothschild : the divide and conquer of the khazars ~ bosnia & herzegovina '' . 
  like ... what the shit , am i back in tenth grade ? 
  i can sue my government for whatever i like , the hard part is winning . 
  so can you , but does that ` undermine democracy ' or whatever slogan you repeat ? 
  there has been a shitton of information on isds all over the internet and it 's pretty clear on what grounds an investor can take a country to arbitration . 
  well , a democratic decision can involve treating someone unfairly or expropriating his assets . 
  these are legitimate grounds for isds but not all democratic decisions are . 
  using a democratic decision making mechanism does not make something fair or just , for example most dictators in modern history have won elections with massive margins . 
  see the khimko vratsa case . 
  otherwise , ips in bulgaria are already standard - 70 years after you die , and for a reason . 
  if it was n't the case , one would just get killed in order for his ip to expire . 
  the belene case is not isds , it 's a classic trade relationship . 
  we 've signed a contract under which we have obligations to be met . 
  isds refers to expropriating an investor 's property ( e.g. 
  nationalization ) or unfair treatment ( e.g. 
  some conditions and rules apply just to him and to nobody else ) . 
  actually , isds is already used by investors in the western world , including bulgaria .
