  i 'm pretty sure he does n't even speak english . 
  wait , what ? 
  at least in bulgaria cctvs are totally constitutional if there is a proper warning sign , and our constitution forbids people being filmed , listened to , photographed , etc , without their consent . 
  if you walk around such areas the law presumes you have given consent to be filmed . 
  i doubt bulgarian penal law would be much different in its principles from laws in the rest of europe . 
  sofia is pretty nice in the centre actually . 
  turnovo definitely . 
  looks and feels very different to other places in bulgaria because its geography - [ it 's built on some very steep hills around a river ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/veliko_tarnovo_panorama_2.jpg ) so the central parts look like [ this ] ( http://desiveleva.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/img_5587.jpg ) , and it has lots of history too , the medieval capital was [ here ] ( http://www.hobyto.com/uploadfiles/posts/1944_big.jpg ) . 
  besides , the city 's got this nice friendly vibe and the people are cool . 
  actually there are two main theories about the origin of bulgars - iranian and turkic , so i would n't be certain in excluding them from indo-europeans . 
  charisteas at the euro 2016 draw calling slovakia `` slovekia '' was pure gold . 
  the combination of the two should be the definition of `` fucked-up in the head '' . 
  by the way , in the last 5-6 years we 've seen some rapid development in the it sector here and it looks like it will keep growing . 
  ( i 've heard similar stuff about romania too ) from what i 've seen though , the sector is n't too keen on cooperating with the state , and i ca n't blame them . 
  about that last part ... we fucked it up already . 
  i want to see a `` do you piss in the sink '' survey . 
  how dare those foreign companies protect their interests against discrimination or unfair expropriation ? 
  to the gallows with them !, 
  paying a local to act in your behalf in front of the authorities is pretty wide-spread , i think , it 's what foreign investors and businesses do all the time , and most of the time it 's pretty official . 
  in light of this , i really ca n't see the major distinction between lobbying for a foreign business and lobbying for an ngo . 
  do you consider them identical ? 
  also , by funding a media , would n't i have a much larger ` multiplier ' ( if i can use such a term ) for my ideas ? 
  i mean , a well-funded media outlet has a bigger reach towards society than almost any non-profit . 
  and the latter should be banned because ? 
  they were probably victims of bulgarian assimilation policy towards the turks during the cold war . 
  in the end of the 80s though , the communist party decided to let anyone who wants to flee towards turkey , and that 's probably why you had such classmates . 
  well , there is historical tension towards turkey here , and it 's natural , we were part of the ottoman empire , and our society is a bit too immature to move on . 
  plus we had some brags during the 20th century - balkan wars and shit , and the cold war , but i guess we 're allies now . 
  i really do n't like you guys , but what happened with that russian su was such a big slap to their face , so so satisfying . 
  thank you . 
  yes , yes , germany is a failed state while 27 % of russians still do n't have toilets in their homes . 
  tonight we 're gon na party like it 's 1878, 
  russian and pro-russian media repeat this shit all the time in my country . 
  and gullible people believe them . 
  welcome to the russian propaganda machine . 
  thank you for that . 
  i 'm amazed at how people just forget about russian arrogance just because their foreign ministry ** claiims ** they fight the islamic state . 
  this is glorious . 
  this is so very true . 
  a capable terrorist organisation does n't need a refugee influx to send men into europe , they can send anyone with a fake passport on the business class of a major airline . 
  there is evidence on the soviets funding and training the plo , and although most of their activity was in palestine and the middle east , they operated in europe as well . 
  i doubt their death toll would be high though . 
  the interesting thing is the russian government 's reaction . 
  you know , once you 've lied on a subject , it 's harder for people to believe you . 
  i saw a video from a cabinet meeting , where putin , tears in his eyes , received a briefing about the terrorist attack on the plane . 
  well fuck me if this is n't some theatre right here . 
  that may be true for the same reason the include some of the best people in any given society - football has a very wide fanbase across all social groups . 
  in my view , he 's been too soft on the immigration topic in particular , and during his executive branch days , never really opposed the pm on anything . 
  last week , the orthodox ecumenial partiarch was in sofia and the president presented him with the highest bulgarian medal , despite the patriarch 's pretty insolent behaviour . 
  otherwise , there seems to be a divide among our society about the present . 
  many older people ( and russophiles ) claim that communist bulgaria was a pretty nice place to live ( complete bullshit imo ) and many claim that modern bulgaria is a victim of some western conspiracy . 
  they do have some point - during the 90s , much of the country 's industry was destroyed and we 're the poorest member of the eu . 
  many younger people , including myself , think the country is , despite everything , moving in the right direction , although hampered by the old communist elite and our very corrupt and inefficient political system . 
  i personally think bulgaria is a better place to live compared to the late 80s and the future may be bright if we , as a society , do our job properly . 
  he was minister of regional development some years ago , then he got nominated for president by the ruling gerb party . 
  he 's strongly pro-western , which is alright , i 'm annoyed by the way he handles public relations - people accuse him of being too soft for a reason . 
  i also think he 's a yes-man - so he 's not suitable for an important executive position . 
  gladly , he 's president , which in bulgaria is mostly ceremonial stuff . 
  as in `` 100 % control of human trafficking with the cooperation of the ministry of interior '' , yes , this is true for some time now . 
  oh what a beautiful place tallinn is . 
  i do n't really like this guy , i think he 's too soft to be a big leader . 
  however , he 's been under sever critisism and mocking by bulgarian russophiles , and we have plenty of them , and the russians do n't mind funding them big time . 
  so i ca n't help but feel sympathetic towards him when he adresses such issues . 
  sudjuk is love , sudjuk is life . 
  that 's the thing . 
  people are hypocrites . 
  i guess i am a hypocrite myself - on certain topics . 
  here in bulgaria it 's permitted to become an attorney without an exam if you have a doctorate . 
  but otherwise he 's an asshole , yeah . 
   in southern europe , people are sipping wine all day long . 
  this is very very typical for south slavs , i do n't know about italy or spain . 
  people in serbia/bulgaria/croatia find it manly if you sip rakia all day without losing it . 
  the lack of padezi and having a differen rhythm is our legacy right there . 
  [ pleven , bulgaria ] ( http://kanal3.bg/assets/uploads/gallery/26473.jpg ), 
  yes , how rude of ukraine to defend against an invader . 
  you 're only one step from the classic vatnik conclusion : they 're traitors !, 
  what , you finished at the kolhoz for today ? 
  never seen it but i 'm not really surprised . 
  very sad and delusional . 
  there 's more - they also think other people are obliged to respect and love them , and decisions made by independent nations are seen as treason towards russia . 
  like what the fuck , what rights do you have over my country ? 
  fuck off , please . 
  sounds pretty logical , they live next door to us , the world and intergalactic champions of whining . 
  as sensible it may sound , this has nothing to do with what i stated . 
  i did n't propose e-voting , i did n't claim i want anything . 
  all i said is that the democratic process in bulgaria is compromised and saying our current voting system is very good is inadequate . 
   voting isnt perfect right now , but its very , very good . 
  sorry if i 'm rude , but this is simply a cynical thing to say in bulgaria 's current political climate . 
  true that . 
  reading opinions like `` making junk food more expensive would turn people to cheaper and lower quality alternatives '' i 'm like wtf , these are the lowest quality products on the market anyway . 
  from what i 've heard , it could be anything between 3 and 78 % ( i guess these are the most extreme cases ) of the production value depending on the quantity of salt/sugar/etc . 
  the food industry is against that , of course , their association claims that this would mean raising the prices significantly , like a bag of chips would cost 3 lv instead of 2 . 
  god , that may well have been bulgaria : ) ) ), 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  if you mean city-wide monopoly , yes , veolia are monopolists . 
  they hold the only concession in sofia . 
  what i meant was the watter supply companies in other cities and towns . 
  they usually are owned by the state or the municipality . 
  just a word from my corporate overlords - veolia has sofia 's water supply on concession and they 're pretty much the only company who actually invests something in improving the pipeline infrastructure . 
  others just repair something when it pops .
