  this is the oldest trick in the book when it comes totalitarian governments - formally turn everyone ( or at least a vast amount of people ) into ` criminals ' ; then use their ` criminal behaviour ' arbitralily when you need to silence/persecute individuals . 
  eu countries are integrated not only in terms of free trade of goods and services , but also in many other policies : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/three_pillars_of_the_european_union of course , there 's different balance between community and national government and a different degree of implementation between policies ; and some countries like the uk and denmark have negotiated opt-outs from implementing them . 
  otherwise my layman guess would be that if the uk leaves the eu , it should join the efta , the european free trade association , which includes countries like norway and switzerland , who , together with the 28 eu-countries , form the more general european economic area . 
  i 've found no news on efta countries signing a trade agreement with the us , but i 'm not really active on the topic , so there may be one at least planned . 
  can i just say fuck lukoil ? 
  thank you . 
  serbia is pretty similar economically to us , so if they agree to ditch some of their protectionist practices , they 're good to go . 
  i do n't know if the kosovo issue would be a problem though . 
  but what about lynching the negroes , comrade ? 
  so they should loan money to jihadsts , pedophiles , nazis , etc ? 
  ridiculous . 
  why would nobody fund my jihadist organisation ? 
  i 'm discriminated against . 
  well , what a fucking surprise . 
  are they obliged somehow to provide financial service for the fn ? 
  is n't an act considered terrorist if it , you know , aims to spread terror ? 
  attacks on the security apparatus of a country - police , inteligence , army , whatever , should n't be considered terrorism , but most attacks on civilians are definitely terrorist because their primary goal is to spread fear among the population . 
  by the way , your point about independence movements being considered terrorist has logic to it - most of them do get the ` terrorist ' stigma because they often resort to terrorist means - like the bulgarian revolutionaries in macedonia bombing bazaars and sinking ships in the thessaloniki harbor . 
  i 'm sure greeks and albanians have resorted to similar stuff as well . 
  this should be higher up . 
  i never understand people who long for fucking dictatorships that set up prison camps and kill people basically at will . 
   what does securitate mean ? 
  the heart of the party beating , beating , beating ... ah yes , the beating heart of the party !, 
  i would add serbia and greece up there , at least for the most of the 20th century . 
  the second bulgarian empire was established in 1185-86 , not 1209 like in the gif ; moreover , there was no latin empire in the gif , a crusader state that actually controlled constantinople from 1204 until 1261 ; no hint of the many feudal states in the balkans in the 14th century ; and the ottomans never really conquered bulgaria until 1393-96 ; or 1422 according to some historians . 
  all the scum running the prison camps in bulgaria died of old age ... what a shame . 
  bulgaria 's major problem , in stark contrast with romania , is a lack of independent prosecution , and this corrupts the whole system . 
  mind , the biggest wrongdoings are , like in most of europe , illegal , it 's just that there is no-one to prosecute them . 
  this has not been covered at all by the referendum proposal . 
  moreover , i 'm firmly against a majoritarian system and a direct election of high-level officers in the interior ministry because it breeds local feudalism , and this is one thing my country does n't need at all . 
  overall it 's a pretty populist action by slavi trifonov . 
  \u0410 majority system would mean every region elects the local thug into parliament . 
  the party system is corrupt but it 's there for a reason . 
   it 's not just ` more than half ' you can assume 90 % and more male children . 
  i can assume you 're jihadi , because why not ? 
  cause 1 ) it 's national policy and 2 ) it 's way better to not track corruption , i guess . 
  his name is robert paulson !, 
  russian troll factories do exist though . 
  c\u00e2rti\u021ba is 100 % the same in bulgarian for mole , haha . 
  one of my favorite posts recently here !, 
  well , in fact , it was the duchy of courland , and it [ owned the island of tobago , as well as an island in gambia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/duchy_of_courland_and_semigallia#colonization ) . 
  way to go !, 
   we should let people come and see the reality of what europe is why should i do that ? 
  did n't latvia own like a single island somewhere in the caribbean ? 
  welcome to bulgaria , your car is already here !, 
  it depends on your view on events and balances of power . 
  a movement like solidarnosc was practically unthinkable here in the 80s , and even the first ` democratic ' leaders were riddled with communists . 
  actually the whole society was in some way . 
  by the way , bulgaria was richer than ukraine per capita , but could n't service its debt in 1990 as well . 
  a genuine question as i 'm not really informed about polish political life . 
  how many of the communists involved in concentration camps ( we had two big camps , lovech and belene , as well as several smaller ones ) faced any kind of prosecution for their actions ; and how many times did the former communist party take part in a government after 1990 ( at least four times here ) ? 
  did your public services undergo lustration ( ours did not ) ? 
  i agree with you - bulgarian ties with macedonia are significantly weaker than yours with moldova , and bulgarian society has to share some of the blame . 
  most people act like whiny little bitches every time the topic of common history , tradition or anything related , is brought up . 
  `` but muh history , they 're stealing it , why ca n't they accept they 're bulgarians ? '' . 
  it 's not your history , it 's shared history , it 's what brings us together , dipshit , as long as you perceive someone as different and alien , he 'll think the same of you as well . 
  it pisses me off , to be fair . 
  sorry for the rant . 
   unlike estonians , which kept their integrity throughout the ordeal of the su , moldovans were relatively successfully brainwashed to believe romanians are a bunch of fascists who eat little babies for breakfast . 
  also , because of the extreme poverty , most moldovans have never traveled abroad or even spoke with a romanian before . 
  to them , romanians are as foreign as germans or americans . 
  sounds just like the brainwashing of the bulgarian population in vardar macedonia , into thinking bulgarians are evil tatar-mongols who eat babies . 
  unlike us , you romanians seem to have a more mature view on your neighbors though . 
  and i 'm fully jealous of countries like poland and czechoslovakia for having such a potent opposition to the regime , i think it was key for you to prosper in the 90s . 
  we had armed resistance - the [ goryani ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goryani ) - who were active until the mid-50s , but the communists penetrated our society so deeply that nothing sensible in terms of civic opposition ever came out of our country , except a few bright individuals like georgi markov . 
  that 's why most people consider the events in 1989 in sofia as a ` palace coup ' by one lobby of communists over another and not as a true political revolution like in central europe . 
  this is true and pretty much happened between 1944 and 1947 here . 
  this one eliminated pretty much all of the top former government officials and the current army high command of the whole country in one night - actually in one mass execution . 
  the events you listed take place over a longer period of time or include local or specialized elites . 
  i guess most wars like this would end a long time before any country has the chance to physically occupy most of the other 's territory . 
  actually a credible defensive strategy would be to make your country very very hard and expensive to effectively occupy , and most countries have similar strategies . 
  that 's a good reason russians are n't steamrolling through the ukraine although some people might want them to . 
  you do have a point that european armies have a huge logistics problem , and it was seen in lybia as far as i can remember . 
  yesterday bulgaria commemorated the victims of communist terror - on 1st february 1945 three regents , 67 members of parliament , 22 ministers from previous governments , and also many officers , were sentenced to death by the bulgarian ` people 's court ' and shot dead at the outskirts of sofia , then buried into a mass grave . 
  i have personally never heard of a single bigger mass execution of members of a national elite anywhere in the world . 
  yes , no-one wants to be part of europe , except pretty much every nation in eastern europe and a shit load of people from africa and asia . 
  i was there last march , what a lovely and tidy place !, 
  so vibrant and enriching !, 
  i heard the film had , like , pretty legit actors ? 
  actually it sounds like a good crash course on integration for stupid immigrants like these guys - getting your stupid ass kicked by women police officers if you do n't comply . 
  adequate and well-prepared terror attacks do n't need a refugee influx at all . 
  you 're both wrong , assholes , it 's the institutional set-up that 's dragging us behind . 
  the people are more or less like most europeans . 
  life costs are generally cheaper . 
  also eastern europe has a much higher percentage of home owners , which means that in many cases you do n't pay rent . 
  if you cook all the time and spend no money on clubs/discos/travels or any other kind of expensive hobbies , you can fit into 350 euro , but you wo n't save shit , which at least for me is pretty stressful . 
  true . 
  western european snow remains perfectly white even after months of driving , pissing and puking over it . 
  many historians think proto-bulgarians believed in tengrism . 
  my high school textbook had the same picture , haha . 
  actually heavy snowing is typical for the balkans ( mostly mountains , and very cold air coming through the danube delta from the steppes ) . 
  it 's not that common in the last years , i guess climate change has got us this time , haha . 
   but nah , better lie down and cry in despair . 
  indeed . 
  all those countries have a security apparatus which should take care of public order . 
  a group of 1 000 people rioting in the centre of sofia would result in the rioters having their shit kicked out of them in about an hour max . 
  this is integration too - teaching someone new that non-conforming with public order can and will result in police violence and abuse against you . 
  i ca n't comprehend how western europeans imagine integration - without some form of state-imposed conformity it 's impossible . 
  no spotify in serbia ? 
  how come ?
