  the biggest economic players here enjoy little to no competition with the help of the state , pay fuck all in taxes , and also never get fined by the state . 
  that 's why there is little economic activity here - in most sectors you just ca n't develop without getting in the way of the ` state favourite ' who will destroy your business with the help of the tax office . 
  - total reform of the ministry of interior . 
  right now it 's the most inefficient mi in the eu by far - with the most policemen per capita and a gigantic budget ( around 3,5 billion leva which is more than 3 % of our annual gdp ) . 
  despite its huge funding it 's pretty incompetent in dealing with organised crime . 
  - a reform in the education system which is pretty much collapsing here . 
  i would stop the curent scheme of funding a school or an university per student which only lowers the standards set by schools in order not to lose students/funding . 
  - a reform in healthcare which is also in freefall and is full of high-level corruption - i would lower vat and remove most of the bureaucratic redtape which breeds corruption and hamper economic activity . 
  this is all true , however all nations on the balkans developed mainly agricultural economies . 
  for example , bulgaria had to pay reparations after world war i - in money and various resources . 
  the first type we managed to pay straight away was ... some several million sheep because every village had a shitton of sheep . 
  of course , i have no idea when did modern dishes start appearing in our cuisine . 
  i 'm pretty sure every country in the balkans makes loads of this stuff . 
   they always lived at risk of social exclusion and poverty especially when many of them got paid for washing their hands . 
  yes , and your national governments did support this web of interests by taking huge loans for decades and creating an unsustainable system . 
  my nation has nothing to do with it , so i wish you the best of luck . 
  if you ca n't afford it - yes , you will live in poverty . 
  i too want to live off someone 's back , lend me a million euros and do n't you dare asking me to pay it back , you monster . 
  indeed . 
  thank you . 
  is n't this the european council though ? 
  providing interpreters would be the job of the country who runs presidency during the council . 
  indeed . 
  adding fruit to meat dishes here would give you the looks . 
  sounds delicious btw . 
  oh yeah , it 's time for lunch . 
  is it just my experience , or central european cuisine is obsessed with adding fruit to dishes ? 
  i once had soup with apricots in hungary , something unthinkable in bulgaria . 
  people here eat compot mainly as a dessert . 
  as far as i know , in the continental legal system , the debitor has no say over the change of creditors - it 's called a cession . 
  i 'd be happy if you correct me , cause i 'm kinda drunk . 
  why would you expect anything different ? 
  any sane government would protect its banking sector . 
  please , can i have a link on that ? 
  best of luck in cracking down on corruption , i 'm pretty envious of your prosecutors !, 
  yes , and in the same time i can go to any practice range in the country and get a gun with my id only . 
  any idea why is it so ? 
  same stuff here , medical faculties basically supply western hospitals ( and lybian hospitals in the 80s ) . 
  seriously , the main single problem about our integration to the west is the brain drain . 
  well , aztec ritual beheadings did n't appease their gods , so they never took place , right ? 
  was that a chinese fortune cookie o something ? 
  people in the west who never experienced that shit are always more likely to be deluasional about communist regimes . 
  to be fair , your nt took a step back in quality compared to , say , 15 years ago . 
  good news for you , the future looks bright . 
  holy shit , i can only imagine the thought process up in there . 
  no putinbots in this thread yet ? 
  i guess they choose their own battles . 
  people from outside eastern europe often have this distorted view of russia , as i 've seen myself on reddit . 
  while i have nothing against common people , the russian state is truly fucked up . 
  yesterday this russian guy tried to convince me holodomor was western propaganda . 
  enough said . 
  i 've been to greece a couple of times on holidays . 
  people in resorts are the friendliest ever and they do a great job in giving you this `` chill , relax , you 're on vacation '' vibe , something that 's missing from bulgarian tourism . 
  in my view , the biggest problem about this `` x province belongs to mother russia/finland/whatever '' is that no-one ever considers the well-being of people there a priority . 
  so what if my country unites all `` lost lands '' if it can not provide a sensible economy or social system ? 
  why would i give a fuck if i live in the country of my ethnic heritage if i ca n't evolve and progress in any way ? 
  well , everyone can develop a game , but if you want to use the leagues ' , clubs ' or players ' names , you have to pay the rightholders . 
  some of these rights are exclusive too , for example only konami can use the champions league name , logo , etc , in their pro evo series . 
  well , there were the uefa euro games back in the day . 
  still an ea product though . 
  haha . 
  i guess most people do n't give a fuck , but yeah , hating your neighbors is a traditional sport . 
  i had a great time in romania back in 2011 , btw . 
  rural places looked basically just like bulgaria , but cluj was amazing . 
  as far as i 've heard from older people , we looked down upon you guys before ' 89 , but hey , you 're doing better than us now . 
  uhm ... can you send us another one just like that guy ? 
  thanks . 
  dude , really ? 
  there is no guarantee a neo-nazi would be a fan of a football club . 
  and football clubs as popular as cska or levski have tens of thousands of supporters ( some more passionate , some just following the team now and then ) . 
  do you consider them all vandals ? 
  moreover , being an ultra does n't mean you follow any ideology or you 're a bad person in general . 
  you contradict your motives for removing a buffer state for the sake of the soviet union 's security , and the idea behind the pact itself . 
  by your logic , if stalin had nothing to fear , he would n't sign a pact with hitler at all . 
  by the way , the wehrmacht was n't even prepared for a lasting campaign back in august 1939 . 
  it would be completely reckless and stupid for the german leadership to think of waging a prolonged war with the soviet union while having supplies for a couple of months at best . 
  both ways , there is no defensive measure that would justify the ribbentrop-molotov pact . 
  if the soviet command feared hitler , they would support a chain of buffer states . 
  instead , they entered a deal with the germans and destroyed their buffer . 
  if the soviet high command did n't fear hitler , and your claim that the soviet union was weak militarily is true , then stalin , molotov and beriya are complete idiots for removing their natural defence and engaging in multiple campaigns in the region - poland , baltics , finland , etc. 
  you do realise that germany invaded poland ** after ** the molotov-ribbentrop pact , right ? 
  after hitler got the score settled with stalin , knowing there would be no soviet retaliation on his invasion , and actually forming an effective aliance with the soviets . 
  one can not predict what would have happened if there was n't such an agreement between germany and the ussr . 
  my view differs from yours - without the pact , germany would not attack the ussr from eastern poland , but it would n't attack poland in the first place . 
  textbook tyranny . 
  that 's the most beautiful politically incorect thing i 've read in a while . 
  oh , so you wo n't have a buffer state in which you can fund guerilla warfare and support their army as a potential cannon fodder to stop initial german advance , no , let 's just remove that buffer between ourselves and the mass murderer , let 's become neighbors !, 
  in that case russia should fully support the ukraine joining nato , i guess . 
  this is correct . 
  sorry if i 've misunderstood you . 
  being a chorbadzhiya had nothing to do with nobility . 
  the ottoman empire granted the hereditary title of ` knyaz ' , however , to some christians , including bulgarians . 
  stefan bogoridi ( and his son , aleksandar ) , are maybe the most famous example of this . 
  this makes me moist . 
  well , bulgaria barely overcame czechoslovak prewar gnp per capita ... in the end of the 80s . 
  thanks , ivanushka . 
  spot on . 
  i guess not all humans have spines . 
  afghanistan was terribly fucked decades before the americans invaded . 
  to be fair , rome was packed with asian tourists last week .
