no wonder everyone on this thread defending lenin , his monument or the communist regime is from a country that has never experienced it . 
  meanwhile delyan peevski ( the new national security chief ) has declared he wo n't take up the job ( although he took oath and was in office for a whole day ) . 
  now the ruling parties - the socialists and the turks are trying to reestablish him as mp against the law and the procedure . 
  actually it 's the mark of time . 
  i do n't think he would share this viewpoint if he were born a couple of generations later . 
  i do n't know , maybe people refuse to bring in new values into their world view after a certain age or something . 
  i think it 's mostly the business environment here - very corrupted and hostile towards foreign investors . 
  the government protects and promotes monopolies in favor of their fiendly businesses and businessmen and also likes to divert discontent towards foreign ( actually western ) subjects with the arguments you mentioned . 
  ( and that 's true for both the current and the previous governments . ), 
  anarchisto , if it were that profitable for foreign companies to make enormous profits in countries like bulgaria , e.on would n't have sold their business here recently . 
  good to know : ) badnik is also used for the log put in the fire on christmas eve . 
  i 've heard/read about both of them but i guess they 're used mainly by older people . 
  i 've heard craciun in and around tarnovo , for example . 
  same stuff in bulgaria . 
  here there was n't an actual ` revolution ' , just the former state security reorganising itself and preparing to take control of the country 's economy , market and then retake the political power . 
  both bozik ( fyrom ) and craciun ( romania ) are words for christmas eve in bulgaria . 
  is this some kind of weird solipsism ? 
  makes perfect sense . 
  my point was that competing sectors are not the main reason countries in eastern europe have been investing so little in public services and systems . 
  it 's usually an inherent part of their institutional culture . 
  our state invested next to nothing into our water supply systems , resulting in enormous waste and several floods due to lack of maintainance . 
  who are we to blame , coca-cola ? 
  come to bulgaria , enjoy a ride with our state-owned railway , then return to tell the tale !, 
  oh , and while you 're at it , please tell us tonight 's scores , / r/europe would love to make some quid using your expert predictions . 
   egypt would be fairly hard to invade too since they have a capable military and western weapon systems . 
  i guess every country with such area and population would be a nightmare to invade , and even more of a nightmare to occupy . 
   so , while they 're at it , they might as well vote in someone who will restore russia 's pride , who will draw a line in the sand `` you ca n't have ukraine , you ca n't have georgia '' . 
  as if somehow ukraine and georgia belong to russia . 
  however , all of these are just ideas , like the south stream that never took place . 
  thanks for both your answers . 
  i was hoping for something like that , actually . 
  i personally do n't know anyone who would fear going to ohrid or skopje , but who knows , i might just know the wrong people in terms of irrational phobiae . 
  i 'd say that more often bad programming is the eu 's fault - like allocating funds for unnecessary programs ( bulgaria 's rural development program can use funds for sporting facilities , which means some small and dying villages got new stadiums while a big city can not spend money on such an activity , even though all the young people are there ) . 
  but bad implementations is more often the country 's fault , because that 's where corruption kicks in choosing who will build roads/buildings/whatever . 
  moreover , control over the spending of the money is a national government task and at least our government agencies do a shit job on that . 
  we would n't want to spoil the pristine concrete ecosystem now , would we ? 
  good work , guys . 
  meanwhile down south , sofia will apply for more than 1,5 billion euro in structural funds from the eu next year , wish us luck !, 
  some of the stuff that 's been done recently : [ 1 ] ( http://pik.bg/f/gallery/78/79ebf26f876362f2d1343ed28455e7a8.jpg ) [ 2 ] ( http://ureport.bg/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/%d0%ba%d1%80%d1%8a%d1%81%d1%82%d0%be%d0%b2%d0%b8%d1%89%d0%b51.jpg ) [ 3 ] ( http://static.bnr.bg/gallery/7c/7c59c0398c7654110b07d1582842faf2.jpg ), 
  was in cluj back in 2011 . 
  at least the cops who deal with football games looked way fitter than ours , were cooperative , and they spoke english , something unimaginable with bulgarian riot police . 
  way to go , romania !, 
  this somehow reminds me of the mirage tank in command & conquer : red alert 2 . 
  ` natural sanctuary ! ', 
  too bad we 're the usual ugly business right now . 
  most of these establishments served other cultural purposes - theatre or music hall , for example . 
  they still do actually , my mom works at a library in one of these places . 
  just to add a grain of salt : bulgarian border police has been stealing stuff from illegal immigrants for months now . 
  if you get caught , the border cops ( or ordinary ones ) will steal your phone , cash and basically anything they find valuable , then re-sell it on the black market . 
  we 're the poorest nation in the eu for a good reason . 
  indeed . 
  it was never that complicated a problem , i think . 
  if you 're seeking refuge and asylum , register at the border . 
  even at the hungarian border there were actual refugees who registered in hungary . 
  good luck to these people in their new life , i wish them all the best . 
  if you 're trying to pass the national border without consent , and you 're manifesting force , my view is that you should be dealt as an invader and the border should be protected with all means necessary . 
  we can help macedonia in the spirit of bulgarian tradition . 
  came here looking for that video , was not disappointed . 
  obligatory patriarch right there . 
  in my view , it 's all about the refugees ' actions . 
  if someone shows up at the bulgarian border and turns in to the police , i see no problem if my country gives him a refugee asylum . 
  but if someone refuses to cooperate with the law enforcement and tries to march through europe , i 'm sorry but he is an illegal alien and should be treated as such . 
  thanks , i get it now . 
  it 's much cheaper here - maybe that 's why our blocks are mostly shitty , lol . 
  and we pay garbage tax to the municipality , so that 's different . 
  sorry if i sound dumb but how do you end up paying rent for an apartment you actually own ? 
  great to know !, 
  i like it too and i do n't plan on moving anytime soon . 
  rock bottom in the eu once again !, 
  someone 's tired of watching fat cows all year , eh ? 
  who is she ? 
  shipping costs money whenever you transport anything from point a to point b and this has nothing to do with tariffs or trade barriers . 
  having a common market ca n't negate that . 
  without it , shipping would cost you even more . 
   western media outlets that seek to always blame and demonise russia who are you fooling with that finnish flag ? 
  no questions , comrade . 
  i like it how no-one sourced his claims about russian capabilities of waging war far beyond their borders , yet claims you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  that 's a very interesting write-up , thank you . 
  the thing is , ethnos and nation are considered different concepts in the academic discourse and most historians claim that nations are a modern , post-medieval phenomenon that includes ethnicity , but also includes stuff like common market , national identity and at least some sort of stable political entity ( the civic nation ) . 
  the latter is what alexander 's empire lacked , as it quickly fell apart after his death . 
  by the way , some scientists claim that a nation does not need a political entity to represent it in order to exist ( the ethnic nation ) , so for your example , a greek nation could have existed even without phillip and alexander . 
  i 'm no expert on greek history , but would you claim that greek states before alexander had a common national identity ? 
  i never knew nations existed in the 4th century bc . 
  well , that 's a bit of an over-exaggeration about sofia . 
  yeah , there is a whole neighborhood with mostly curds and arabs but it 's not really all of northern sofia , actually it 's a small part of it . 
  thank you for existing , dear russian redditor . 
  sorry , i did n't motivate my position - i think my country should be very careful about who we grant a passport for pure security reasons . 
  i 'm talking about shady albanian-speaking guys with a career in organised crime . 
  one could easily forge a document `` proving '' his bulgarian ancestry so he could obtain citizenship in no time . 
  otherwise i 'm all for closer relations to macedonians , who i consider no different than bulgarians . 
  edit : i 've always wanted to know more about popular opinion in macedonia about bulgaria , but not from mainstream media - at least tvs and most papers here are on the spectrum between retarded and plain malicious , and this includes relations between us and people in macedonia . 
  not really , the communists tried to initiate a merge with the soviet union in the early 70s , so that would be brezhnev time . 
  though my ancestors are from skopie , i would n't back the idea of lowering standards for bulgarian citizenship . 
  our bureaucracy is corrupt and easy to exploit . 
  most of the things i have in mind would be unachievable in a democratic country . 
  - total reform of the judiciary system . 
  right now the prosecution just does n't function . 
  i would install an entity similar to the dna but with even more prerogatives . 
  also , courts are full of corrupt judges that can not be legally replaced after their fifth year in office . 
  - on a similar note , corruption can be fought by removing conflicts of interest in income authorities .
