  that 's it . 
  touting is as a reliable metric for real , factual and documented corruption is dishonest . 
  never . 
  no visas issued unless you all start shaving . 
  hairy turkish chests will not be tolerated on europe 's beaches !, 
  i personally found that `` poem '' crude and distasteful . 
  however , tayyip needs to get that sand out of his vagina and realise that being satirized/mocked comes with the package of being the leader of a major state . 
  like you have to fear anything . 
  you live in the very homeland of sigmar himself !, 
  you 've never experienced real conflict unless you 've tried to take the remote during a muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l night in my home :d, 
  my mother got me a pair of leather slippers for my last birthday :( step up your game , mom !, 
  what i 'm more shocked about is the clearly impoverished condition that child 's in . 
  seriously , a cell phone ? 
  in the * current year * ? 
  could n't they at least give her an iphone ? 
  this is an embarrassment for germany , as well as europe as a whole , and an affront to universal human rights . 
  i , too , like my pork well-educated . 
  right but 1 ) we are talking about europe , not australia . 
  and 2 ) this is a deceptively edited documentary coming from a completely [ biased source ] ( http://www.aussiefarms.org.au/ ) with an agenda . 
  not exactly what i 'd call a reliable source . 
  or indicative of ` standard methods of slaughter ' , for that matter . 
  to be fair , his teeth look pretty good . 
  this guy is so slimy . 
  and i do n't mean this in a '' * shady politician does morally reprehensible things * '' - kind of way , who am i to speak after all ? 
  i 'm from greece ffs . 
  it 's just something about him as a person , the way he carries himself , that oozes slime . 
  kinda like blair and berlusconi , you know ? 
  iirc , france already had some sort of cheese war with italy . 
  or at least a cheese border conflict . 
  just go away fatty . 
  have an excellent night . 
  because that guy did n't say what he said out of the blue . 
  he said it within the context of this thread/discussion . 
  and , within this context , the two are not comparable . 
  hindu extremists did n't ever wage a systematic campaign of terror against the western world ( europe , in this case ) in the name of their religion . 
  edit : sorry about you being downvoted btw . 
  the downvote button is not supposed to be a `` disagree button '' . 
  but when did reddit ever followed that rule ? 
  true . 
  that 's factional violence taking place within the borders of one country , though . 
  i mean , we 're talking about nationalistic attacks perpetrated against minorities . 
  it ca n't be equated with international religious terrorism . 
  these guys did n't travel half way around the world to the uk just so they can blow-up innocent british civilians because the empire colonised and oppressed them 70 years ago . 
  nor did they claim to kill as part of a worldwide crusade to spread/force hinduism on the world . 
  it 's more of a '' * x people out of our country !, 
  * '' type of violence . 
  we see it in europe , too . 
  not saying that it 's better or worse than islamic terrorism , but it 's not the same . 
  this whole argument is bunk . 
  if war and oppression , in general , are the root of terrorism , then were are all the serbian suicide bombers blowing themselves up for the last two decades ? 
  where are all the polish extremists trying to set the kremlin ablaze ? 
  or the hindu nationalists trying to assassinate the queen ? 
  religion is a crucial factor here . 
  the sooner we , as a society , accept it and try to address it , the better . 
  why would russia , of all countries , desire more territory is beyond me . 
  this ( sorta ) reminds me of the reactions politicians here in greece have when they are caught with their hand ( s ) in the jar . 
  glad to see this is n't isolated in southern europe only . 
  * `` you 're accusing me of corruption ? 
  that 's slander !, 
  a direct attack on democracy !, 
  you 're instigating a witch hunt against politicians !, 
  fascism !, 
  i wo n't be thrown into the pyre by anti-dimocratic populists !, 
  you are all a junta !, 
  * - walks away in righteous fury -, 
  fun fact : french guiana has been incorporated to france as a * d\u00e9partement * . 
  making it no different than paris or calais . 
  this means that france 's longest land border is not with any european nation but with * brazil * , of all places . 
  [ i shit you not ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/outre-mer_en.png ) no great power has managed to salvage its colonial empire better than the french . 
  best korea sticking it to western imperialism once again . 
  true , the place where its played matters more than the content of the play itself . 
  which , in the case of epidavros , i do n't think is unreasonable . 
  well , coming from the reputedly deeply religious balkans , i 'd say that the relationship between modern people and religion here is similar to the relationship between modern china and communism . 
  followers in name only . 
  people go to the church on easter , august the 15th , celebrate chistmas e.t.c. . . 
  many of them still wear crosses around their necks . 
  but its mostly rooted in routine & tradition , not some deeply held religious conviction . 
  i doubt 90 % + of the population has even read the bible . 
  it was never gon na last . 
  textbook frozen conflict . 
  i fee sorry for ukrainians who just want to be left alone . 
  i know but that the fact that the government allowed it to happen on the primary hub of greek art says a lot . 
  great . 
  first we were an antiquated oddity , then we became europe 's hatesink and now we are laughingstock . 
  ca n't wait 'till sultan erdogan annexes us . 
  estonia , the alabama of the ~ ~ baltics ~ ~ nordics ? 
  fuck yeah lets do dis !, 
  implying that anyone follows the smoking & drinking laws in greece . 
  * kay pulls out of one show ?!, 
  why is this even marked as nsfw ? 
  c'mon , europe ... when did we became such prudes ? 
  #out !, 
  out !, 
  out !, 
  for the legal citizens of the eu , yes . 
  now cnn talks of 23 dead : /, 
  [ and now there are reports of yet another explosion in schuman station . 
  i keep hearing reports about more explosions in city center ( near the metro ) and undenonated bombs still in the airport . 
  anyone got an update on this ? 
  * edit * : [ apparently the first part is true .
