  as do most western world nations like japan , australia , new zealand , s. korea , israel ... 
  america is being a tryhard . 
  the balkians managed to achieve this level of craziness before it was cool . 
  it 's an amalgamation greek and russian business interests . 
  seeing how the company is still staffed and headed by greeks . 
  i do n't get why you try to make this political . 
  so a private coproration that provides services to many countries in eastern europe , recently happened to aquire a slim majority stake on intracom . 
  big deal , such business deals happen all the time . 
  it does not make intracom is suddenly a front for the russian government . 
  as for the rest , russia 's economy is on a freefall and , by all indications , it will continue to be so . 
  russia barely has enough money to take care of its own citizens , it is in no position to create a `` pole '' rivaling rivaling the eu . 
  at least right now . 
  nothing sort of a golden dawn government would say '' * screw it all * '' and run over to its camp . 
  okay , first of all , as u/vleet said , intracom is n't a russia company . 
  it 's a front for that geriatric pile of blubber kokkalis . 
  second of all , why would i ( or anyone ) try and whitewash russia ? 
  this is n't the 60 's when the ussr was funding leftist radicals throughout the country . 
  today 's russia is an isolated , authoritarian state that exists outside the european community , and has no influence in greece what 's so ever other than some tourists and our common orthodox faith . 
  being better than the yokel meimarakis is n't something to be proud of . 
  he is nothing but neo-liberal garbage coming from a family of known thieves and con men who were involved in more scandals than the letters on the chinese alphabet . 
  or did we forget siemens already ? 
  his bio is impressive ? 
  i guess you could say for papandreou . 
  he 's nothing but a typical golden boy who got shoehorned into politics due to his family 's wealth and connections . 
  the fact that he happens to be more new age-y than the rest of his party does n't change that . 
  good . 
  let them spent some time under this clown and his thatcher-wananbe bitch of a sister . 
  hopefully , nd will follow pasok to the political garbage bin after this . 
  bad phrasing from my part but the very eastern fringes of turkey ( those at the border with syria ) have recently been plagued by kurdish ( not so recent in their case ) , turkic and even arab militants . 
  not to mention what 's going on immediately * south * of said fringes , in syria . 
  unfortunately , and this does n't apply only to afghans , this is the place which most refugees have to cross in order to enter turkey and , afterwards , europe . 
  it 's a very risky `` trip '' to make . 
  they are definitely risking less by going into a migrant camp in northern pakistan . 
  the attack was repelled and the taliban resurgence attempt failed . 
  so , yes , i call that a victory . 
  compared to what was taking place there about 10 years ago , all this fighting is remarkably low-key . 
  and , yeah , * all * these conditions you mentioned can be found in many sub-saharian african countries . 
  and a few at southeast asia and central america . 
  war refugee status still not apply . 
  neither is europe obliged to take their fleeing citizens in . 
  honduras ' citizens are definitely not eligible for refugee status . 
  even the us does n't grant them and they are on the same continent . 
  whether or not the number of deaths in afghanistan will increase is debetable , especially after taliban activity has lowered following the battle of kanduz . 
  yes , crossing the atlantic on a boat is less dangerouns that driving all the way across central asia . 
  including the warlord-infested territories of eastern turkey . 
  i do n't doubt the validity of your statement about afghan refugees . 
  however , it 's anecdotal and can not possibly be applied to all migrants from afghanistan . 
  i do n't know how large is that scale but a big number of them definitely do . 
  it 's called asylum shopping and the sooner we start taking measures to prevent it , the better . 
  besides , pakistan , india , kazakhstan and even china offer job opportunities and their right next to them . 
  the taliban are n't regaining territory . 
  [ they attempted to re-establish a foothold in their old ones but got crushed . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kunduz#effects ) other than that , it 's pretty bad , but nothing out of average for a third world country . 
  i mean , i can certainly see why someone would like to live all that behind , but that does n't mean they are eligible for refugee status . 
  they 'd be economic migrants , whom ( at this moment ) europe has every right to refuse . 
  did i say anyware that they are comparable ? 
  i simply used them as examples of bloody social phenomena . 
  we have similar incidents happening in crete , too . 
  ( yes , i know what that vendetta killings are nothing more than gang skirmishes . 
  that 's just the most common term the media uses . ), 
  point is , just because a nation suffers from social strife , that 's does n't give its citizens equal status to war refugees . 
  harsh as it might sound , europe is n't a storage for downtrodden souls . 
  i mean , [ honduras ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_honduras#murder ) had 7,172 murders in one year . 
  more than * five * times the number of deaths on afghanistan . 
  should we start taking people from there , too ? 
  it 'll be easier for them to reach europe than someone from afghanistan . 
  the battle of kanduz ended in an [ afghan victory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_kunduz ) and with the taliban presence in the area shattered . 
  compared to the last 20 years , afghanistan is as stable as it can get . 
  make no mistake , that country has been always been experiencing bloodshed , and probably will continue to do so . 
  however , the situation is nowhere near dire enough to justify these people crossing over half a dozen countries and seeking asylum in france . 
  especially when safe zones in pakistan , india and central asia are right * there * on their doorstep . 
  suicide bombing ( s ) are , sadly , par for the course for the region . 
  nothing big enough to justify migration all the way to europe . 
  and definitely not something refugee centers in pakistan ca n't handle . 
  southern italy and north albania still see bloody vendetta killings from time to time . 
  it 's a deadly societal problem , yet it does * not * make their citizens eligible for refugee status . 
  same standard applies here . 
  the fuck are afghans doing in france anyway ? 
  the situation in afghanistan has been more or less stabilized by now . 
  if they are looking for work , they can go to india . 
  no , it 's not . 
  greece 's enormous coastline is a big reason we are in this mess in the first place . 
  look , i 'm not saying that money are n't lacking . 
  they obviously are . 
  we all know the situtation of the greek state 's finances . 
  however , the lack of manpower is a bigger issue . 
  greece 's unemployment rate is irrelevant . 
  you ca n't expect the gov. 
  to just pick up random , untrained people and assign them coast guard duties . 
  search and rescue operations require men of a certain expertise . 
  what greece needs is more professionals . 
  something which , at the moment , only frontex can provide . 
  no , there * really * is n't . 
  never enough manpower to patrol a coastline only slightly smaller [ [ china 's ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_length_of_coastline#list ), 
  that 's true . 
  and by `` aid '' , i 'm not talking about euromoney . 
  the main gaps that need to be filled here are 1 ) personnel , 2 ) new equipment and 3 ) the collective political will to get turkey to co-operate . 
  and what makes you think that greece can bear the weight of hosting , housing and feeding all these people until europe decides to `` do something '' ? 
  especially when no one is bothering to sent any efficient form of aid ? 
  the line .
