on a train ? 
  how is that safe ? 
  that shows us the exact opposite of what you promised to deliver . 
  its shows that these countries are in fact not capitals of organized crime in europe . 
  for my country , it even says that the only organized crime other than biker gangs is of imported variety . 
  remember : you promised to deliver the following :  / wiki/crime _ in_countrynamehere and voila . 
  ** now everyone is the capital of organized crime in europe . 
  ** so far , the only `` country '' it 's been true for that you managed to show is kosovo . 
  you 're projecting so hard , you 're going to start glowing soon . 
  are you some kind of an idiot ? 
  citation does not require the source to be available online . 
  there is such a thing as `` print '' . 
  thought perhaps not in the backwater of kosovo judging by your reaction . 
  still waiting for you to project that insane narrative to my country . 
  any day now . 
  reminder : you promised to demonstrate that you can do the following :  / wiki/crime _ in_countrynamehere and voila . 
  now everyone is the capital of organized crime in europe . 
  didi you have to strap rocket engines to goal posts to get them moving this fast ? 
  it makes it clear that you 're lying on purpose , because there ' no way that anyone reasonable could look at the wikipedia page source # 1 and not see what is written there : david binder , kosovo - a mafia society , balkananalysis , 23 february 2008 . 
  mathias joop & sammi sandawi operationalizing of the security sector reform in the western balkans , institute for european policy ( ) `` kosovo drug mafia supply heroin to europe '' , the guardian , world news , 13 march 2000 `` report on the transparency international global corruption barometer 2007 '' released by transparency international -- december 06 , 2007 `` trafficking in persons report '' , us state department , june 2007 , p. 180 for a shill , you 're not very good . 
  go ahead and try to peddle this narrative to my country . 
  i 'm intrigued at how you 'll fare . 
  hint : not well . 
  it 's just you that 's utterly criminal and you 're very much exceptional on the continent in this regard . 
  in addition to the poster below , you clearly failed to note the fact that document in question cites specific sources , which are outlined right after it and quoted above . 
  which you apparently decided to pointedly ignore because the bullshit you 're peddling here does n't fit the reality outlined in them . 
   i think west russian looks european to begin with , style wise , not just russian rooted estonians . 
  as far as i know , you 're correct . 
  that 's why i find the current poison pill of ukraine so unfortunate . 
  if that did n't happen , we would 've likely been talking about integrating russia closer to eu within a couple of decades , as we would be facing a common threat of china 's expanding sphere of influence . 
  i 'm sure you liked the money it brought to your region at least . 
  must suck to lose it to turkey . 
  so first lie was that claim was `` uncited '' . 
  when this was demonstrated `` in your face style '' to be a bold faced lie , you lie again by misrepresenting what was actually cited : david binder , kosovo - a mafia society , balkananalysis , 23 february 2008 . 
  mathias joop & sammi sandawi operationalizing of the security sector reform in the western balkans , institute for european policy ( ) `` kosovo drug mafia supply heroin to europe '' , the guardian , world news , 13 march 2000 `` report on the transparency international global corruption barometer 2007 '' released by transparency international -- december 06 , 2007 `` trafficking in persons report '' , us state department , june 2007 , p. 180 we 're done here . 
  let 's recap your suggestions : 1 . 
  one should vote for mainstream party that is n't pro-immigration instead of new ones . 
  there are n't any such parties , but `` that 's not an excuse '' . 
  please reconcile # 1 and # 2 for me . 
  mainstream media is heavily invested in maintaining the narrative . 
  any protest against status quo will be spun into being bigoted . 
  and folks like you will swallow the narrative and type out messages such as one i 'm answering to . 
  trump is a great example here . 
  he 's literally being called a bigot even through his entire message is the exact opposite of that - to him it does n't matter if you 're black , white , asian , male , female , as long as you 're a us citizen . 
  he wants to create opportunities for you to uplift yourself . 
  that 's his entire platform . 
  and that got spun to be `` bigotry '' in mass media . 
  source for that entire part is in fact cited on the bottom of the linked page . 
  that 's why you see [ 1 ] after it . 
  click it and be amazed at what technology can do . 
  of course we did . 
  you were innocent as little white kittens before it . 
  it 's the evil europeans that taught you crime . 
  now why would you want free travel of these evil europeans to your nice little white kitten state ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crime_in_kosovo  kosovo since the 1990s kosovo war had become a significant center of organized crime , drug trafficking , human trafficking and organ theft besides ongoing ethnic conflict between kosovar albanians and kosovan serbs . 
  the large kosovar diaspora which had built up in western europe during the 1990s combined with the political instability created ideal conditions for kosovo to become `` europe 's crime hub '' ; well into the 2000s , kosovo remained associated with both ethnic conflict and organized crime . 
  what ? 
  the claim made here is that it 's the capital of organised crime in europe . 
  capital is the place where leadership presides . 
  not the `` biggest place '' . 
  it never stops amazing me how modern people can have reality punch them in the face and still ignore it because they have no personal experience on the topic . 
  hint : it says so in the holy book of their choice . 
  just because you have no religious faith does n't mean other people do n't have it . 
  and when they `` find god '' and become fanatics they tend to get very literal in their following of their holy texts of choice . 
  which in light of islamic dogma means that suiciding in the name of islam and taking some infidels with you buys you a ticket to heaven for yourself and 70-ish people of your choice . 
  and if you were specially devoted , you get to go to heaven like mohammed himself did . 
  on a winged horse . 
  as the core aspect of islamism is not just following the teachings of islam , but also behaving like mohammad . 
  and all above is pretty much spelled out in hadiths and sunnah and the journalist was either stupid enough , or paid enough by the saudi sponsors to never bother to read and compare how this behaviour is very much in line with islamist jihad movement . 
  as that movement is directly based on those texts . 
  and if you think that only mentally unhinged and crazy people believe in the whole `` winged horse '' part , look up mehdi hassan 's interviewing richard dawkins on his al jazeera english 's show head to head from a couple of years ago . 
  dawkins straight up asks mehdi if he believes in that myth , and he straight up answers that yes he does and he teaches it to his daughter . 
  why do we actually want the current capital of european crime syndicates to have legal free travel to the rest of europe ? 
  how ? 
  the current unholy alliance between regressive left and industralist right is very interested in maintaining the status quo of uncontrolled mass immigration and open borders . 
  these two banding together as they have so farare not a political force that is going to be easily overruled . 
  while the older generation does have a tendency to look to russia , as far as i know younger ones mostly look towards europe . 
  and that requires assimilating into estonian society as much as possible . 
  there are certain structural hurdles in estonia and baltics in general for this process . 
  but considering the attitudes of the younger people , as long as the current hysteria subsides , long term you can expect most estonians of russian origin to assimilate into estonian population . 
  no , that was simply the time it ended . 
  or you forget that ottoman empire only ended less than hundred years ago . 
  hungarians entered caprathian basin some time around 900s i believe ? 
  so , yes , slightly more than one order of magnitude . 
  would you like me to do break down the math for you ? 
  no , you could not , simply because time frames discussed differ by at least an order of magnitude . 
  sit down for this . 
  neither is america . 
  your flair makes that mistake look a bit freudian , you have to admit . 
  their countries on the other hand have not . 
  same applies to russians . 
  their asian conquests are a very recent fixture . 
  kievan rus and muscovite russia have always been fully european , as tatar khanates and mongol invaders have been the ones controlling the current asian portions of russia . 
  turkey 's `` european '' roots are basically what remains of brutal ottoman conquest and occupation of eastern europe . 
  it 's a middle-eastern power that has inherited some parts of european culture , mainly because you ca n't conquer a significant chunk of continent and its peoples and not assimilate some of their culture . 
  even if you have a militant religious ideology behind you that attempts to block such assimilation . 
  that 's why they had ataturk and his legacy . 
  russia is overwhelmingly european in terms of its populace . 
  its asian territories are a fairly recent fixture . 
  europe is not a country .
