  school shootings are not that rare in the west . 
  armed insurgencies are very limited regionally in pakistan , specifically to tribal areas . 
  so no . 
  it does n't . 
  unless you 're going to reimagine war as something that everyone that loses people to guns is in . 
  no , but there needs to be an actual war . 
  people get killed here in western countries daily . 
  some of them die to terrorism . 
  we 're not countries at war . 
  you seem to be missing the forest for the trees . 
  the culture was brought in in early 1900s , when automotive industry and explosion of ubranisation occurred . 
  automotive industry had significant interest in maximizing the amount of clients . 
  that means ingraining a culture in us where residential areas and commercial areas would be split . 
  this was created originally through massive amount of lobbying by automotive companies . 
  eventually it became a cultural fixture to the point where people like you are unable to imagine other things , and genuinely believe that `` having a shopping district would bring in outsiders that would ruin my area '' . 
  reality across the world is alltogether different . 
  when these interests do n't exist in anywhere near the same amount , zoning laws develop more naturally . 
  especially in places that had to be completely rebuilt after ww2 . 
  that means : 1 . 
  allowing space for large shopping malls and office space within residential zones , shortening trips to work and shop . 
  reducing allocation of space for parking lots near those areas . 
  increase of availability of public transit and taking interests of efficient public transit network in account when zoning new areas . 
  these three factors massively bring down the need to own a motorized vehicle . 
  they are the antithesis of interest of automotive industry . 
  in us , the exact opposite is true ( which makes it different from most of the world ) . 
  zoning regulations generally forbid or make it very difficult to put shopping malls and office spaces in residential zones outside immediate urban centres . 
  allocation of parking space in dedicated shopping and office zones is huge . 
  public transit is poorly funded and subsidized and zoning rarely takes its interests in account . 
  do note that capitalism is about `` owning means of production '' . 
  funds are not means of production . 
  such as pure capitalist system . 
  consult a nearest university librarian for relevant literature . 
  stalinist society . 
  essentially equality in poverty and misery for overwhelming majority of population , with elite on top living comfortable lives but in constant fear of the top level leadership . 
  yes . 
  it 's also considered regulation , which is what many of the neo-liberals fight against . 
  to a purely capitalist system , state ownership is abhorrent . 
  you missed the forest for the trees there . 
  that is socialism . 
  in fact , methods for one of the forms that socialism takes , social democracy is largely that . 
  to ensure fair distribution , workers , trade unions and workers ' pension funds typically own significant amount of shares of companies influencing their policies . 
  it 's worth noting that current situtaion with car ownership in us has to do with automotive companies interfering in city planning . 
  in us , you typically can not have things like large shop centres in the middle of residential zones . 
  this was specifically lobbied by automotive industry to ensure that you would have to drive for shopping . 
  in europe you can find large retailers in the middle of the residential districts , making trips far shorter and often not require a car . 
  i guess you do n't even know what `` taiga '' is . 
  envinronmental activist does n't even understand nature . 
  what else is new . 
  tell you what . 
  next time you take a walk in that puny park you call `` forest '' , compare it to taiga forests listed above in terms of size . 
  then you can feel really silly . 
  for the `` oh my god , these forests are so rare '' crowd : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_old-growth_forests so relax . 
  even if bs peddled here would be true in terms of logging ( it is n't , they have no intention of logging in the actual old growth forest , just the surrounding area ) , there are plenty of old growth forests still around in europe . 
  why the ef did you spend centuries fighting them over us then ? 
  type `` violence against ex-muslims '' into google . 
  or even better , youtube in case you want first hand accounts from those who dare to speak . 
  you missed the forest for the trees . 
  i 'm not talking about nullification of decisions . 
  that alone is never going to be enough , because social cost of trying this is immense . 
  we 're talking direct systemic violence towards anyone who will ever try . 
  that is why criminalization is needed . 
  i 'm talking about criminalization of courts like this through basic values enshrined in un declaration of human rights . 
  these third parties can be required to follow baseline set of rules however for the results to be in any way valid . 
  easy way to outlaw sharia courts would be to simply specify that no discrimination based on religion or gender can be present in court . 
  you can . 
  easiest way would be to outlaw this kind of a `` court '' on basis of discriminatory actions in the court 's tenets and make anyone partaking in such discriminatory procedures guilty . 
  then have a campaign where anyone that turns those who took part in procedures in gets immunity , and you 'll have clerics and folks who want to push usage of these `` courts '' reduced to non-existently low numbers in a matter of years . 
  when whoever finds results unsatisfactory can simply turn everyone involved in and effectively get them jailed , your `` court '' is n't going to have too many cases to hear . 
  it sounds a lot like empty rhetoric instead . 
  who would support isolating britain and increasing risk of economic downturn in current climate further ? 
  this is a classic case of using rhetoric to achieve your goals . 
  but following through with those threats would be a political suicide for anyone who actually would , as they would be destroyed by heads of member states vastly disinterested in eu bureaucratic power play against their common interests , just to make a point . 
  to put it bluntly , juncker is n't that stupid . 
  the entire premise of `` inquiry '' is silly . 
  the main difference between sharia and any western legislation , is that western legislation specifically ensures that you can not discriminate against people due to specific inherent traitssuch as discrimination based on gender and religion in court of law . 
  sharia by definition discriminates against all of those , and it 's main premise is that person 's value in court of law is based on gender and religion . 
  it specifies exactly how much less of rights a person of specific religion has , and how much less of rights a person of another religion has in court of law . 
  this is self evident and core tenet of sharia as it is written . 
  it 's also why it 's inherently completely incompatible both with western legal systems and un declaration of human rights . 
  this problem is so significant , than major muslim countries had to have their own convention on human rights which specifically states that `` all human rights mentioned here are subject to sharia '' . 
  you 're going to have to elaborate on what makes wto unique that its deals will have to be fully renegotiated , rather than fast track signed under the same criteria , as all parties would indeed be interested in not shaking the boat . 
  inherit them as independent sovereign state , just as in example . 
  when this is impossible , fast track renegotiation to sign under the same terms . 
  when ussr fell apart , russia assumed responsibility fir overwhelming majority of all agreements it had . 
  i find it difficult to genuinely believe that it would be difficult for britain to basically get similar to same agreements in this case considering example above . 
  especially if vote does go to `` no '' , and all parties will obviously be interested in making the shock to world economy and political situation as light as possible . 
  massive goalpost moving detected . 
  that was not your original claim . 
  you claimed you had evidence of gorbachov stating that there was no such agreement . 
  you then contradicted your own claim in the example you presented and now you 're moving goalposts to shift onus of evidence off yourself . 
  sounds like someone is trying to white wash some cock rock . 
  metal plate armour !, 
  i suspect we have quite a bit of difference in respect to respecting constitutionality as a system that prevents significant amount of abuse and suffering in democracies . 
  claim presented to which i was replying , verbatim :  its simply true that some minorities/ethnic groups dont want to integrate . 
  they just dont care . 
  your rebuttal to my supposedly incorrect answer suggests that claim was completely different :  so , no , we can call it monolith , and , no , it is not an entire ethnic group it would appear you should be angry at the person that was posting the racist drivel above me and not myself . 
  that would be unconstitutional . 
   ex post facto punishment in criminal and administrative law is prohibited by art. 54 of the constitution ; ex post facto tax laws by art. 57 of the constitution . 
  that states the opposite of what was asked . 
  it merely says that during specific talks , it was n't discussed .
