  you have no rights to live in the country without work . 
  the entire purpose of the shengen area is free movement of * work force * . 
  you are complaining that because you can subvert this , it 's a good reason to have shengen . 
  correct . 
  see above . 
  some places do n't even let citizens of the same country buy property unless you have lived and worked there for a long time : see \u00c5land . 
  it 's their right . 
  again , this is about free movement of * work * force . 
  if your wife has no job , then she has no place in that country . 
  moving work force is not about enabling social benefits tourism for the whole family . 
  the fact that essentially your entire argument is `` fuck the reasons for which shengen exists , i can abuse it , and therefore this abuse should be a norm '' . 
  so the age question . 
  yeah . 
  and you 're still in the process of meiosis . 
  get back to me once your brain develops enough to comprehend the concept of `` abuse of the system is not something you advertise as the good part of the system '' . 
  `` recovering '' and `` not being in terrible condition '' are two very different things that are not in any way mutually exclusive as you seem to imply . 
  for example you can be `` recovering '' from sepsis . 
  that means you 're bed ridden and on iv antibiotics with likely long term effects . 
  but you 're indeed `` recovering '' . 
  and compared to a healthy adult , you 're extremely ill . spain 's recovery is very much like that . 
  massive joblessness , massive public dissatisfaction , unstable government/no government for a long time and so on . 
  that 's why their educated people are still leaving in droves , which worsens the situation in spain . 
  you are whining about the referendum result and casting blame on those you disagree with . 
  yes , losing and then starting to cast blame on the winners is pretty much the definition of `` butt hurting '' . 
  not sure why you think that it 's not you saying it . 
  you not only keep talking about it , but you even went as far as to start this thread just to whine about `` those senile winners of the vote '' . 
  no one suggested what you are pretending very hard to have been suggested . 
  what was suggested was that elderly people have far more life experience . 
  that means that unlike emotional young people that have no clue , `` emotional elderly '' do n't go do destructive things . 
  they may vote for or against status quo , but not because they have destructive impulses . 
  those are associated with period of risk-taking age of teens and twenties . 
  ireland and spain are still recovering . 
  well , spain is n't really recovering . 
  it 's still in a very bad place . 
  the fact that you do n't even know what you 're talking about , but choosing to talk about it from expert position anyway tells a lot . 
  as it should be . 
  free movement of people in eu is not about being a tourist for social benefits , but employee . 
  if you have no work in the other country , you 're not there for the reasons of common market of goods and work in the first place . 
  which is the main problem with current eu implementation of free movement of people - social benefits tourism . 
  horrible . 
  when you uproot yourself from your native country that is in terrible condition , and move thousands of kilometers away from home , clearly the biggest concern is not : 1 . 
  losing direct contact with many friends and family . 
  housing . 
  massive cultural differences . 
  acclimation in new environment . 
  not at all . 
  the biggest problem is ... wait for it ... filling a visa application . 
  when you grow up and actually have to go on work trip outside eu , get back to us with that priority order , right above `` buying the tickets '' . 
  i think you 'll find that `` securing a visa '' is somewhere around spot # 100 on difficulty list when you have a good education and are a professional actually needed in said country and it 's not a corrupt third world shit hole . 
   also , if you felt that i insulted or lacked respect to you because of the title of my post , here 's the sound of the world 's smallest violin . 
  for someone as incredibly butt hurt as you are that `` senile dared to vote wrong '' , your appear to be playing that violin for yourself and your own temper tantrum . 
  it was strictly limited to the point where tsar had minimal power . 
  in the initial stages of 1905 revolution , tsar did try to avoid losing power , and only gave limited power to duma in 1905 . 
  it failed and turmoil increased incrementally , resulting in 1906 constitution giving more significantly more power to it , which was still insufficient to avoid the eventual 1917 revolution . 
  monarchy became strictly limited , and parliament gained increasing power , ending up with new constitution in 1906 . 
  following turmoil effectively sealed his fate and by the next revolution of 1917 , he was completely helpless , at which point bolsheviks grabbed him and eventually executed him and his family . 
  actually , wrong . 
  it 's not young who build the future . 
  it 's the middle aged people . 
  by the time young get into positions where they can actually accomplish things in most fields and make their mark on the world , they 're well beyond 30 . 
  below that , people are usually just learning how to do things . 
  including voting . 
  i once again refer you to `` overinflated egos '' and `` inexperience of how world works '' among the young people . 
   keep in mind that it 's a show , the interviewees are well picked . 
  which is a problem because ? 
  young are not special people with extra rights . 
  if anything , if you 're young , you 're really inexperienced in life and have very little understanding of how it works due to limited experience . 
  in this regard , you generally want elderly to outvote young to avoid inexperienced overly emotional young people from causing problems on state level . 
  that 's why we have minimum age to have things like criminal responsibility and right to vote . 
  so instead of insulting and massive disrespectful topic like `` senile takeover of europe '' , which generally shows just how good you are at communicating with other people without actively insulting them , we have `` idiocy of dumb young shits with overinflated egos that do n't even know they have to vote to make their voice heard '' . 
  equally insulting , but this time to a correct party . 
  how 's that for a topic ? 
  he was effectively removed from political power in that one . 
  revolution of 1917 simply finished the job . 
  through russian webmail no less . 
  clearly , this is putin 's fault . 
  http://heatst.com/uk/exclusive-brexit-2nd-referendum-petition-a-4-chan-prank-bbc-report-it-as-real/ `` many '' of the people are simply a result of a bunch of script kiddies from 4chan pulling a prank with simple script software . 
  best part ? 
  all the mainstream media running away with the sob story of people regretting their vote , because as we all know , `` plebs voted wrong '' . 
  investigative journalism done on the story before breaking it ? 
  zero , because it served the narrative . 
  glenn greenwald is really a hit and miss guy when it comes to political analysis , but when he hits , he hits hard . 
  this is definitely one of his bullseyes . 
  as it is now clear that you are copy pasting election slogans and throwing dirt without even reading what is being typed in response , i believe the only recourse i have left is to simply ignore your slamming of ctrl-v . p.s. 
  no , and i also do n't think that sun rises from the west . 
  do you have any other irrelevant questions or do you want to stay on topic ? 
  also , please , at least try to read what is being written . 
  asking questions which are answered just in the post above is frankly not a positive indicator of your intellectual prowess . 
   all that matters is that 's he/she 's not a citizen of the said state , and therefore should not be said state 's or its people 's problem . 
  i 'm talking to the awful person who went on a straight up attack above . 
  i do not draw any racist or sexist lines you mention above , and i 'm not a racist nor sexist . 
  if a foreign woman thinks it 's ok to think of other women as second class citizens and lives by this cred , i think she should be deported just as well as any man does for example . 
  it literally does n't matter what sex or race of someone like that is . 
  all that matters is that 's he/she 's not a citizen of the said state , and therefore should not be said state 's or its people 's problem . 
  no , just being careful about letting in and who gets to stay . 
  really , just because you are racist , do n't project it on others . 
  sane immigration policy is not about racism , it 's about managing who gets to come in , and of those who do , who gets to stay in . 
  it has nothing to do with race . 
  it has everything to do with needs of society and its people . 
  immigrants and foreigners most certainly should not be the ones deciding where they get to live , but the state should , thinking of interests of its own people first .
