  you 're most certainly not entitled to try to go through it . 
  refer to fate of princess diana as one of the most known cases of this kind of behaviour , and why it was generally sanctioned to be off limits to reporters . 
   also the security guard says he attacked a police officer , so why are you saying he attack le pen ? 
  because when police officer stands between target of attack and attacker , it 's obvious that goal of attack if the target of the attack , and police officer is merely carrying out his duty in protecting the target . 
  intentional attacks on police are a far more serious matter as those are attacks on very fabric of society , which is why they are generally treated with greater severity . 
  i have never suggested anything about your identity . 
  i addressed your agenda , which is distinctly americentric in light of material you chose to link to support it . 
  as for your inability to comprehend video material , and dismissing video evidence as a `` lie '' and yet touting interpretation of said video evidence as `` fact '' says volumes about your ability to interact with reality in general . 
  good and short summary . 
  i 'm wiser for reading it . 
  thank you . 
  `` i was a security official like you , and then i took a tulip in the knee '' . 
  actually that is the norm . 
  these people have security protection for a reason , especially considering the amount of crazies that would very much want to assassinate them because they think that is a rational reaction to hearing a message they do not like . 
  going into a line of security like this is not an acceptable form of behaviour . 
  we 've seen the worst outcome of such behaviour with princess diana 's death , and modern approach of just tossing the guy jumping past security out is specifically designed to avoid that kind of outcome . 
  do you realise that video in fact shows the undeniable facts , and anything you write to describe events in the video that diverges from what video shows is just you doing the exact thing you brazenly accuse me of here ? 
  also you may not have noticed , but this is / r/europe . 
  could you keep your americentrism away from here please ? 
  that depends on location really . 
  muscovites are on average and median scales notably richer than residents of riga ( i.e. 
  comparing apples to apples , citizens of capitals of each state ) . 
  but most people in russia do n't live in moscow , they live across the country and have far less wealth . 
  hence the remarkable disparity and relative poverty of most russians . 
  most other countries also have the urban-rural wealth divide , but it 's far more pronounced in russia than in baltics . 
  overall productivity is an important measurement of health of economy itself however , and while it does n't show the wealth of citizenry , it 's a requirement for improving wealth of average citizen . 
  essentially it does n't guarantee that average citizen is well off if the number is high , but number being low does preclude average citizen from being well off . 
  gdp is about economic productivity , not about income of citizenry . 
  i just find it surprising that russia is catching up to the worst off baltic state even though it 's been in a long going recession , and oil prices are low . 
  that 's his entire point . 
  these voters do not want to burn everything down , and their only other option to voice their dissatisfaction is afd , because none of mainstream parties will even acknowledge the problems these voters are having . 
  that 's weird . 
  is latvia really falling down to almost level of russia ? 
  and poland is below lithuania ? 
  click the video . 
  watch it . 
  compare to countless videos of similar events , where reporter jumps through security line into politician 's face . 
  you 'll find significant similarities . 
  i literally watched the video they put on their website on the linked page instead , to see what actually happened . 
  i recommend you do the same . 
  you 'll note that events in the video are not quite what article implies . 
  politicians and celebrities tend to ignore this kind of behaviour as a matter of pr policy . 
  if you answer the pushy reporters who like to try to mob your security to get in your face , you 're going to have ten times the amount of this kind of a reporter in your face next time . 
  so reporter pushes past security to get in politician 's face to scream questions , security pushes him back . 
  happens every day to people that are famous . 
  look at any major politician walking among the public with security when there are controversial topics . 
  boy is the headline misleading . 
  to summarize : you have a problem with democracy when outcome does not match your expectations . 
  essentially , when you lose and policies that you do not like get enacted . 
  i understand this reasoning , but this is largely a result of inexperience with said political system . 
  one of the key aspects as to why democracy is the `` least worst political system '' is that it does in fact put a limit to just how bad such policies can be , while still allowing to enact controversial policies when majority clearly wants them . 
  in this case , if support among the electorate is not there , it 's likely that this will backfire in a spectacular fashion in the next elections for the ruling elite . 
  and if it is , you 're looking at a cultural problem , which is simply manifesting itself through democratic means . 
  my ultimate point is that to combat a major structural issue , you need to diagnose it accurately first . 
  in this case , it 's important to understand if this is a problem with political system , or underlying cultural structures , and then accurately identify the specific subset of these systems that is at fault . 
  and then focusing on fixing it . 
  going scattershot `` we have a problem with corruption '' will fix nothing , and protests will die out just like they did with occupy movement , to the lack of focus on actual specifically identified problem . 
   what is the absurd hyperbole , mind you ? 
  suggesting that this is tyranny of majority . 
  majority can and in fact should decide policy . 
  that is what democracy is about . 
  someone has to decide policy , and many people will want mutually exclusive things . 
  so you come together , and vote who will decide . 
  than those people get together and vote on what policy will be adopted . 
  that 's how republics with democratic elections to the legislative institution of said republic work . 
  you are essentially suffering from severe cognitive dissonance , because the political outcome is the opposite of what you want , but also a direct outcome of system of democratic republic , something you clearly view as a net positive . 
  so you start looking for a scapegoat . 
  what you and many others in this thread arrived at is a fairly common mass hallucination . 
  we recently observed the same factor on brexit in uk and trump 's election in us from people opposing those . 
  fact is , that this is indeed nothing but a hallucination . 
  when you participate in a democratic process and lose , you are expected to accept the result . 
  not doing so is patently undemocratic , and paints you as nothing but a sore loser who can not accept his loss . 
  to summarize : yes , you can in fact ignore the minority in the country when it comes to deciding policy , even if its a large minority on policy , as long as democratic process was respected in arriving to said policy . 
  that is how democratic republics govern , and this is by design . 
   sure , we 're not oppressed , we just see the fruits of our labor wasted . 
  then do not call it something it patently is not . 
  i 'm saying you 're wrong - but i 'm not calling you fascist nazi , because that 's patently not what going on here . 
  yet you choose to use comparable hyperbole , which results in far less people being inclined to listen to you after their expectations after hearing about `` tyranny '' are shown to be false - because there is no tyranny actually present . 
   you see , in certain ways i think democracy might be flawed because of this . 
  this is not even an argument . 
  democracy is flawed for many reasons , and no one with a shred of sanity will deny this . 
  it 's just the least worst system we have . 
  and no , the entire point of winning the democratic mandate to governance is that you do not have to cede anything to the loser . 
  you won , they lost . 
  you get to set the policy . 
  if your policy is acceptable to electorate , you 'll win the next elections . 
  if it is n't , opponents will win and it 's their turn to do the same . 
  you do need to have basic safeguards to ensure that democracy does not in fact actually become a tyranny of majority . 
  but as we noted above , this is clearly not the danger here . 
  so do n't use the absurd hyperbole , and focus on the actual problem that actually exists - the fact that people in power are reducing sentences for crimes mainly perpetrated by them . 
  there is nothing tyrannical here however . 
  they 're most certainly not oppressing you . 
  tyranny is strictly about oppression . 
  if you are confused on what that actually means , i recommend human history and known tyrants . 
  this is actually one of the biggest problems in modern democratic politics . 
  people seem to have forgotten that to win in democracy , they need to * convince people on the other side * . 
  demonizing them instead results in the exact opposite - they become entrenched in their ideological position . 
  in this case , it 's obvious that `` not all are going to be protesting '' , because people have lives and jobs . 
  it 's more of a `` is there a significant representation of support base among protesters '' , because that would suggest that this party is going to get hammered in the next election cycle over this . 
  i like how you 're saying this with a straight face right after a scandal is leaked on fillon .
