  thank you for assuming things . 
  now , do you seriously think that this has n't been prepared for ? 
  do you seriously , even for a moment , think that folks in charge of security did n't take the lessons from hillsborough seriously ? 
  nevermind you going wildly offtopic . 
  we were talking about bombs and damage they cause . 
  if you were to ever take a look at the state structures of iran , you would know that elected government has very little power when it comes to `` actually addressing problems '' . 
  that power is strictly out of their hands . 
  a very large portion of journalists did . 
  how else would you explain the whole bs narrative that is is n't really serious about what it says it 's serious about that was going on for the last two years ? 
  this is n't news and investigators have been ringing the bell ever since is was officially formed and published their doctrine . 
  they knew what was coming and they knew that these people were serious and capable . 
  you 're going to have to explain that one , unless you 're suggesting that perceived biggest problem in this world is the existence of state of israel . 
  that 's pretty much one thing on which mullah leaders of iran remained consistent on when it comes to identifying problems . 
  big satan and little satan were demoted pretty quickly when that was necessary . 
  are you now claiming that ataturk 's military successors divested from his de-islamification policies ? 
  i 'm not going to even bother now . 
  it 's widely documented that former ussr states are by far the most reasonable ones when it comes to coupling being islamic and being non-extremist states . 
  to go against this is an epitome of either ignorance or just plain white washing of islamic extremism . 
  problem being that hamas is also an elected government of palestinians in gaza . 
  they try . 
  they are actively hounded both by muslims and by local , typically hardline regressive leftist muslim apologists in europe . 
  persecution they face is brutal . 
  we 're talking everything from open violence , to hounding and stalking . 
  let me see if i got your final argument so far correctly . 
  you are stating that while it apparently took ataturk and his successors almost a century to `` successfully '' de-islamify turkey , erdogan re-islamified it in just a few years . 
  magically . 
  it 's not that he simply allowed religiosity to be visible again . 
  nope . 
  can i please point you towards the ussr example again ? 
  well , let 's see now . 
  the most obvious one would be support for islamic law , aka sharia , as that is effectively incompatible with democracy . 
  to believe a random poster who already demonstrated lack of knowledge of relevant history or to believe pew research center ... 
  difficult choice , but i 'll have to go with pew . 
  http://www.pewforum.org/files/2013/04/worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-full-report.pdf i 'll give you another example if you 're still clueless even after all this . 
  soviet union indoctrinated people against all faith in far stronger fashion . 
  even they failed . 
  religious fervour is prevalent in all former ussr states . 
  and former ussr states that are islamic supply a large portion of is 's fighters . 
  as noted above , they really did try . 
  as we have seen from history , even a century of such indoctrination was ultimately unsuccessful , as they kept re-electing islamists who needed to be overthrown . 
  until one they elected finally survived the coup and declawed the army . 
  as for your anecdotal evidence , you will have to forgive me for laughing at it . 
  i mean , all we have against it is the collective evidence from our ** entire planet ** , regardless of culture or state . 
  it 's the same across the world . 
  tukey is in no way an outlier . 
  rural population is clearly more religious than urban if you check for it in turkey , us , france , czech republic , india , south africa or brazil . 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  islam on ideological level requires a caliph . 
  this is spelled out very clearly in hadiths . 
  that makes democracy very hard to reconcile with it . 
  surprisingly the people who actually tried the most are egyptian muslim brotherhood , but it was too great of a threat to saudi kingdom next door who insist that democracy is completely incompatible with islam on doctrinal level . 
  so they got `` caliph '' sisi instead . 
  ataturk understood this , which is why he put army as the overseer of all other institutions of the state . 
  it 's highest ranking officers and generals were to be picked overwhelmingly from urban elites and vetted against religious affiliations . 
  right . 
  rural people were n't religious . 
  in other news , rural people in europe are n't overwhelmingly more religious than their urban counterparts either . 
  also , sun rises from the west , black is white and you actually know what you 're talking about . 
  unlike most europeans who think christian god is some kind of a nice spiritual guru . 
  catholic church automatically claims you as one of theirs if you happen to be born to parents that did n't actively register as those leaving the church , regardless of your actual status . 
  as a result , the number claimed is massively overinflated . 
  they should instead be de-programmed and used as people who fight terrorists instead . 
  no one hates religion as much as people who saw it as its worst and realised it was wrong . 
  as an atheist , i disagree . 
  it seems that atheism a couple of generations down the line results in what we have today . 
  people incapable of comprehending the fact that there are people so spiritual in today 's world , they their happiness in this life is about killing others in the name of their religion . 
  they will deny it to the point of utter absurdity , blaming anything from insanity to their own actions for actions of these people . 
  and prevalence of self-blaming in western world is the reason why we 're incapable of reacting to these attacks on political level . 
  i do not know what the answer is , but at this point , one thing is clear . 
  it 's not atheism , unless you couple it with some kind of massive psychological inoculation against self hate and deep and comprehensive teaching of the fact that spirituality can take these kinds of destructive forms even if we understand that `` adults with invisible friends are silly '' , it 's not a form of insanity . 
  these people are coherent , smart and can operate at the same level as we . 
  how 's that chilling ? 
  is has been saying this ever since their declaration in 2014 . 
  it 's only chilling if you are either so racist that you do n't grant arab people any agency and do n't believe it unless it comes from a mouth of a white person . 
  or you simply refuse to believe that people can be so deeply spiritual as to believe that this life has almost no value , and only exists to prepare you for afterlife . 
  i said in my earlier post that you know history based on the fact that you got basic key points right in the previous post . 
  this post demonstrates a distinct lack of knowledge of turkish political history during last century . 
  you do not even understand that akp is simply yet another incarnation of the same islamist forces that have been utterly dominant outside major cities of turkey ever since the times of the ataturk , and the main reason why ataturk set up the army as the brutal overseer of both top level government as well as people and even the schooling system . 
   do you know that there 's a democratic history of turkey like 50 years without islamists were elected you actually understand the history , yet you do not understand why i used it as an example ? 
  are you really so dense as to not ? 
  erdogan and his predecessors were never secular . 
  what ataturk did was understand , unlike you , that his people would elect an islamist if allowed . 
  so he allowed it , but ensured that army was stand above the government and overthrow it every time an islamist would be put into leadership position . 
  then it would brutally crack down on party of said islamist . 
  current islamist party is just another reincarnation of largely same people that got into power , got overthrown and went to jail for a while . 
  the only thing that makes erdogan special is that he used naive and useful idiots in europe , people such as yourself , to declaw army under pretence of democracy . 
  europeans happily obliged , army was declawed and natural progress occurred , shifting turkey to match its population 's interests . 
  it 's an excellent case to point that while you can institute brutal military oversight over everything from top of the government to the very school books and culture at level of people telling everyone that they 're secular and that 's the way it should be , it 's not going to take hold even if it last almost a century . 
  the moment people and their genuinely supported leader gets enough power to declaw the military oversight , islamism will rise to power . 
  and if you really think that people support sisi , well . 
  i have land on the moon to sell you . 
  you can not . 
  that 's the problem . 
  this is not about amount of people being packed into small space , but about physics . 
  bomb has three lethal elements . 
  concussive force , fire and shapnel . 
  all three are effectively stopped by a human body . 
  as a result , bombs tend to kill only those in immediate vicinity , and the rest are shielded from most of the effect by bodies of these people . 
  on the other hand , soldier wielding an automatic or semi-automatic firearm can keep firing as people getting hit fall down , exposing those behind them . 
  to kill `` hundreds '' with a bomb you would need a payload that is either going to be military grade which is very hard to get without attracting attention ( and often detectable and traceable ) , or delivery system that is n't just a person carrying it , as the bomb would be too large .
