  our states you see , are actually very strong . 
  likely stronger than ever before . 
  they can survive political turmoil , and even lack of coherent political governance for long periods while functioning normally . 
  this is because state structures are extremely durable today . 
  but the people are effectively the weak party when they are commanded by elites who do not care about their plight . 
  but that 's what democracy is for - these elites are still subject to people 's will , and ultimately once one emerges in a clear way , change of power empowers the elites who stand with the weak and put them in positions of power . 
  the question that is left is of the political will , and as noted above , when people stop seeing the wave of illegal migration as something that happens far away and does n't really concern them to seeing the migrants intrude in their lives and demand that they be accommodated at the direct expense of the locals , be it financial , cultural or otherwise , is when you get political change . 
  democracy takes care of the rest . 
  the big problem here is that we do n't overcompensate and end up with doing what we do quite well . 
  war and extermination of the invaders . 
  nothing big about it . 
  remind yourself of the more famous case of afghan guy raping a ten year old boy because he was having a `` sexual emergency '' . 
  he did n't even realise he was doing something wrong . 
  he just stayed in the pool where the rape happened after the rape and kept on swimming . 
  after all , he did nothing wrong in his mind . 
  afghan chai boys , their treatment and the normalcy of that phenomenon of their culture are quite well understood . 
  people migrating from different parts of the world have a completely different cultural background than ours , which in turn means that even their very basic values are dramatically different from ours . 
  if anything , it would be `` big '' if you were to find that this was not the case . 
  you 'll have to take my word on it . 
  it was here on this reddit some half a year ago or so , but reddit search tools are utterly awful . 
  reading the story alone is sufficient to know this :  the migrant offshore aid station , a rescue charity , said efforts in the mediterranean were becoming more challenging than ever , with humanitarian missions overwhelmed by the changing tactics of smuggling networks . 
   the group said gangs appeared to be `` industrialising '' to meet demand as conflict and lawlessness continues in libya , where migrants report being detained , extorted and tortured before they are forced onto overcrowded boats . 
   more than 340,200 migrants and asylum seekers have arrived in europe by sea so far this year . 
   around a quarter of those arriving are syrian , followed by afghans , nigerians , iraqis , eritreans and other nationalities across africa , the middle east and asia . 
  and as long as you know the definition of refugee in accordance to relevant conventions , you know that none of the people on the list can possibly fall within that criteria . 
  as noted above , that is factually incorrect , no matter how much you double down on it . 
  i am well aware of that . 
  but that point needs to be made . 
  the first people that islamism usually comes for are the people who people you are satirizing are claiming to be protecting . 
  it matters as there 's an ethical case to help refugees , and equal ethical case to prosecute and eject the illegal migrants who prevent said refugees from getting the help they need . 
  the weak in target states will indeed bear the horde coming for their social security budgets , their jobs and their female family members of marriageable age . 
  until they get to vote for someone who will help them not have to bear the suffering any more . 
  that 's one of the reasons why democracy is one of the more stable forms of governance . 
  when elite is utterly unethical in its treatment of its own citizenry , citizenry can vote the elite out of political power . 
  more like another iran , a challenger of saudis for the position of ideological leadership of islamist world . 
  is this the part where i point out that homosexuals are in fact first in the line of fire of islamists , and they have far more reason to be afraid of islamists than heterosexuals ? 
  my point was that even in the cherry picked fact you tried to raise , you were in fact wrong . 
  that is the root of the problem . 
  you get many people like this who are sorta kinda cheap in short term . 
  but they are basically messed up for life . 
  or you could genuinely invest much more in them to get them to be able to live a reasonable life . 
  think of it as upfront investment so you do n't have to keep her on lifelong maintenance fee that is her disability , and letting her and people like her actually have a life where they are n't crazy special snowflakes afraid of the life outside . 
  in many islamist regions , yes . 
  there were a few reports that quite a few of new migrants in germany were shocked that they were n't allowed to just marry their rape victims to get a permanent residence in germany . 
  once you get enough of people with that opinion , their representatives enter power stuctures and begin implementation of relevant legislation . 
  ataturk almost managed to purge them from his state . 
  almost . 
  but like cancer , if even a single cell of islamism survives , it can come back with vengeance . 
  as it did in turkey . 
  no , it 's just following the islamic law . 
  they 're islamists , it 's natural that they do so . 
  especially when country overwhelmingly supports them outside richer areas of major cities . 
   no , he 's collecting public support for his jihad against immigrants and the eu . 
  words have specific meanings , which is their entire purpose . 
  i recommend using words you actually understand the meaning of so you do n't look quite as ignorant as you do in that statement . 
  inventing new meanings as you do there only makes you look like someone who has no clue about what it is he 's talking about . 
  `` opportunity makes a thief '' . 
  does not mean thievery should be allowed . 
   i do n't think most people think the ethical thing is to follow laws . 
  and yet  however i do n't think you should bring ethics into the discussion . 
  you are the one that brought ethics into the discussion . 
  because you clearly thought it was on your side . 
   saying that you can get in here if you marry someone or if you are rich does n't convince a refugee that this is a good system . 
  i 'm not saying that . 
  you are merely trying to imply that refugees have a right to choose which country should grant them asulym . 
  they do not . 
  the only right they have is to go to the nearest safe zone to flee the persecution . 
  and overhwhelming majority of people are not in fact refugees at all , as they are fleeing no personal persecution . 
  they are merely looking to find the country with better quality of life and free handouts . 
  it 's both an ethnical and moral right to prevent such people from abusing the system , so that the tiny portion of actual refugees can be helped . 
   the problem is that it is really hard for refugees to apply for asylum unless they get into europe . 
  becaise asylum is designed to help people in immediate danger , not uplift economic migrants as it is currently being abused . 
  that is in fact abuse of the system that is quickly eroding and destroying it entirely . 
  i would be very surprised if the system survives a decade with abuse level being as high as it is . 
  if you look at riots in us , and reaction from mainstream media , you 'll note a very distinct pattern of behaviour that is very much in line with song lines that said bot has in fact posted . 
  just because it 's a bot does n't mean it ca n't hit on the issue accurately . 
  even a broken clock is right twice a day . 
  should n't that be `` shoot yourself slovenia '' ? 
  they do in fact . 
  even those that get relocated elsewhere turn up in germany . 
  we had a nice statistic posted recently concerning dublin repatriations . 
  majority of requests came from , you guessed it , germany . 
  and that 's for a wealthy country with good payout for migrants like us . 
  you can imagine what countries with no payout look like . 
  it 's all `` go to germany '' now . 
  after all , they 're invited guests there . 
  sounds to me like he 's collecting public support to overturn such ridiculous legislation . 
  is that a bad thing ? 
  your very existence and your love of tyranny makes many people feel unsafe . 
  genuinely fucking terrified actually . 
  we know exactly what happens when your kind gets enough control in the society . 
  too many historic examples . 
  except it does , because life goes on . 
  only the youngest in the audience are so stupid as to think that one election means `` the end '' . 
  they lied about him nonstop , and made him into a caricature that only the most ardent faithful of the anti-trump had any faith in in the end . 
  rightly so . 
  it was utterly ridiculous . 
  and now , they 're wandering in the dark , still going through the same motions of demonising the opponents and worshipping the allies not understanding why few buy it any more . 
  you made a specific absurd claim . 
  i made a specific case why that claim was absurd , backing it both with facts and real word examples .
