  when you see that people are working , leave so you do n't disturb them . 
  that sounds a lot like `` if us did n't have have the biggest army in the world and did n't have that nasty frontiersman culture , there would be a lot less conflicts in the world '' peddled by the other side . 
  sure , but that 's not boing to happen any time soon , unless a massive cataclysmic event occurs . 
  there 's this thing called `` reality '' that we have to actually live with . 
  that being the fact that ukraine is utterly corrupt , and even `` post revolutionary '' election produced an oligarch for a president . 
  which makes current complaints quite hilarious . 
  `` oh it 's the corrupt oligarchs not bending to government 's desires , and by the way please do n't look who our current government consists of '' . 
  lowering of workers ' wage is pointless if real costs of doing business in the country lie overwhelmingly elsewhere . 
  companies are not interested in one of the costs , they 're interested in cumulative costs . 
  in case of ukraine , overwhelming majority of costs of business is in managing corruption related costs and risks . 
  those are extreme and far outweigh cost savings you may get on moving production there . 
  zero childish insults so far . 
  your stupidity is quite well established in this conversation , as evidenced in you not even understanding what military reserve is for , in spite of supposedly having been in the finnish army . 
  that is where they explain it in a way that even the least smart people that are eligible to enter it can comprehend exactly what it means . 
  at this point , i 'm fairly certain that you 're not insane . 
  you 're just incredibly stupid . 
  `` indeed if someone claims to practice shooting because they need to be more effective soldiers for the inevitable war i consider them to be nutjobs . '', 
  you are either utterly insane or utterly stupid . 
  when you want to prepare for something , you practice . 
  this is universal across pretty much all learned skills . 
  the exact scenario you `` can not imagine '' has been reality in the country for decades . 
  that is why they are doing it . 
  army does in fact require permits for things you suggest it does n't . 
  i did not downvote you . 
  i make a point of never downvoting people i 'm talking to on reddit . 
  this is the part where we welcome each other to the internet , is n't it ? 
  as i noted , if you want details , that would require significant amount of research with specific quotes . 
  if you are unhappy with my short version , you are free to use it as a good starting point for your own research . 
  google puts much of the information at your fingertips , all you need is to spend time on researching the issue . 
  if you are less willing , then i 'm afraid that you 'll have to do with what i offered so far . 
  that would require writing a long essay on the topic . 
  i 'll attempt to make a short summary . 
  it 's combination of gun culture that rises from specific societal needs in finland being one of the least populated countries on the planet ( i.e. 
  personal security and wildlife control needs ) combined with specific historic aspects ( winter war and ww2 participation ) . 
  this partially feeds into reservist organisations and their widespread support among the nation , longstanding hunting organisations that have facilities and cultural aspects needed to function to the extent that they can function . 
  at the same time most of us internalize the complex aspects of not having any kind of allowed public carrying of firearms outside their transport to the locales where we use them ( hunting , training , shooting ) . 
  you can not develop this kind of gun culture in a few decades . 
  that is why the only point of comparison we have in europe is switzerland . 
  i refer to the aspect of long standing gun culture that we and swiss have that most european nations lack . 
  this is largely tied to historic reasons for gun ownership in the region and large social and organisation support networks , as well as inherently ingrained limitations on gun usage . 
  support networks range from extremely well supported reservist system to longstanding traditional hunting organisations with facilities to support the hobby . 
  they lack the relevant institutions however , as well as gun culture . 
  two countries in europe that have somewhat similar institutions and gun culture and finland and swizerland . 
  baltics in general and estonia in particular have a significantly different gun culture . 
  not sure how this is unclear . 
  you really have no clue what you 're talking about , do you ? 
  in other news , gynecologists have huge vagina boners . 
  til that being an expert in the field just gives you a boner . 
  the argument is that reservists need the guns to train . 
  it 's a legitimate issue related to national security . 
  it 's already illegal to carry these guns unless specifically heading to the shooting range or going hunting . 
  you 're not going to see anyone carrying guns in cities around here . 
  that just does n't happen . 
  you lack the relevant institutions and gun culture to have the same issue . 
  not really . 
  gun culture in finland is a longstanding tradition . 
  comes with being one of the least populated countries on the planet . 
  reservists needing guns to train is not really rocket science . 
  our defense minister is pretty much the only minister in the current government that has actual know-how in his respective field . 
  he 's a military historian and a known advocate for reservist groups . 
  full auto is used in close quarters combat ( i.e. 
  cityscape fighting ) . 
  semi auto is used at longer distances , where you actually have time to aim at whatever you 're shooting at . 
  it 's not about love for guns . 
  it 's about reservists training for their military role . 
  your first point is specifically `` it 's kosher if it 's them , but not when it 's us '' . 
  essentially you straight up admit that arguments about sovereignty you made before are false on merits as i suggested . 
  good . 
  we 're getting somewhere . 
  notably , occupation happened long before castro came to power . 
  it actually occurred before soviet union came into existence . 
  i cited it because it continues to this day , and one of the main causes of cuban missile crisis was the fact that cuba wanted soviet help in restoring its territorial integrity . 
  study history . 
  your second point appears to utterly ignore the fact that you specifically requested main battle tanks . 
  i actually was serving in our only main battle tank brigade myself . 
  there 's a reason why it 's kept in central finland rather than eastern . 
  tank forces are distrinctly offesive in their nature , as mbts are designed for spearhead assault role first and foremost . 
  army divisions we keep on our borders are defensive in nature as to not antagonize russia . 
  mbt divisions can be shifted rapidly , but generally kept out of the border region for that very reason . 
  as the old saying goes , `` do n't poke the sleeping bear '' . 
  it makes no sense to militarize a peaceful border , as any shift on our side would necessitate russians to respond . 
  this feature of highly mobile tank force was well demonstrated in operation barbarossa . 
  unless you find that military history , military doctrine and my service experience are all `` russian propaganda '' . 
  which makes me wonder how deep that indoctrination of `` anything that does n't fit the narrative is propaganda '' goes . 
  on your third point , you 're ignorant of reality . 
  even at the lowest point of russia during mid 1990s , they still were at a nuclear stand-offs with us over satellite launch tests . 
  russians were still protesting nato enlargement . 
  they still had severe disagreements over various conflicts , from chechnya to iraq . 
  cold war never went away . 
  it went on a slow burn , and there were genuine hopes of russia being brought into alliance with west instead of opposition , but those hopes were quickly dashed . 
  on your last point , that was my assumption on your society is based on my past observations . 
  your statements appear to be in direct conflict with my perceived direction of your society . 
  i assume that you 're not some sort of an elaborate troll but an actual estonian , in which case it 's getting worse rather than getting better . 
  you have so far outlined a mindset of dehumanisation rather than oppression based on ethnicity , which is the common progression when society is about to experience increased internal ethnic tensions throughout our history . 
  that is bad . 
  i was hoping that the progression i saw in 2000s would have continued and future generations would simply become more like each other rather than get more segregated from one another . 
  considering your output , that is clearly not the case . 
  you go to great pains to emphasize differences and downplay similarities . 
  i want to point out that your militancy continues to show . 
  if it does n't fit the `` russia must be suppressed at all costs '' narrative , then the person saying so must be attacked as `` naive '' .
