  ca n't assume understanding of basics on the internet . 
  how it stopped ? 
  by all but vanishing from mainstream and into the sidelines . 
  all you have left is opinion pieces . 
  actual journalists have largely stopped the propagandist bombardment that was prevalent throughout the first decade of this century . 
  note that the best example you could find is just an opinion piece . 
  that should tell you a lot . 
  unless you do n't even understand the difference between `` journalism '' and `` opinion piece '' . 
  no , you merely discovered old cold war propaganda structures that never went away , that help you interpret things the way you do . 
  structures very similar to ones used by russian government to peddle their worldview to their constituents in largely same way . 
  instead of looking at the actual picture and comprehending that actions like these are simply a natural reaction to attempt of competing states to circumvent your laws and regulations . 
  here 's another curveball for you . 
  for last decade , we 've been bombarded with `` lukashenko/a , the last dictator in europe '' . 
  yet when current sanctions came in force and belarus became the key hub for circumventing sanctions for european companies wanting to deal with russia on sanctioned goods , all that suddenly stops . 
  parents that choose to deploy biological weapons among children of other parents deserve nothing but scorn and other children and their parents deserve protection from them . 
  russia supplying weapons to a nato state . 
  us arms exporters would have a field day . 
  this is their turf , and they 're known to start shooting wars to protect those . 
  it 's called `` citing a source '' . 
  you inquired on specific policies . 
  i cited a source which outlines them in great detail . 
  comprehension of text mentioned in said source is up to the one requesting it . 
  i can not force you to comprehend something that you are either unable or unwilling to read and comprehend . 
  which appears to be what you wish for me to do . 
  second sentence of yours is patently false . 
  turkey 's and greece 's concerns are not in any way , shape of form managed through nato , because in spite if constant pleading from greece that comes to this day , turkey is far more important to us policies and nato pointedly ignores the greek requests for assistance in defending its borders from consistent turkish incursions as they buzz their defenses . 
  as we have seen in shooting down of su-24 , buzzing is in fact one step from shooting . 
  greece claims that average year has over 1000 cases of turkish attack jets violating it 's airspace as they buzz their defenses , for far longer periods than russians did in case of turkey . 
  claims on nato defending gibraltar or falklands are absurd . 
  it is most certainly possible for great britain to call on nato for this . 
  problem is that brits understand very well that their requests would be met with same fate as greece 's . 
  this combined with national pride of defending one 's own colonial holdings means that they are unlikely to ever go that far . 
  greece was in a far more dire situation than great britain , which is why it tried to call upon article 5 . 
  us simply disregarded it as it was an internal nato conflict . 
  again a patently absurd claim . 
  nato membership grants states specific benefits in regards to deferring costs of defense , political privileges of being a member and so on . 
  on the other hand , nato state basically functions as a base for projecting us interests far from its own soil . 
  it 's a vis a vis trade . 
  us is obviously the leader of nato and it 's us that chooses when to grant nato aid and when not to , as greek-turkish conflict showed . 
  frankly suggesting that nato is not directed by us suggests a remarkable depth of ignorance of reality . 
  5 . on your last point , you appear to confuse the separate interests of various eu member states as something that has varying degree of interest in regard to syria and actions taken there . 
  that is largely false - while interests are indeed different , effects of current turkish and us policies have been distinctly and overwhelmingly detrimental to all of those interests . 
  that is why i can summarize the issue as i have . 
  issues and agendas vary . 
  end result of current policies on all of them is overwhelmingly negative . 
  one last time . 
  read the article . 
  it spent a very long time outlining specific policies . 
  any further `` i have no idea what the article you linked talked about , and i will pretend i read it and then ask about things specifically outlined in the article anyway '' queries will be ignored . 
  of course it does . 
  it has nothing to do with the fact that centralized control over media and expulsion of `` inconvenient '' dissenters has n't occurred over last two decades . 
  not at all . 
  it 's not like there are others like him . 
  no wait ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glenn_greenwald another one of these people . 
  newsflash . 
  media in the west has been largely bought out over last two decades , and tightly centralized . 
  old cold war propaganda structures have become even tighter . 
  the fact that people like you are cheering for this process is frankly disturbing . 
  after achieving sufficient goals on immediate fronts , proceeding to destabilize from within to proceed with exporting the successful syrian scenario to other regions ? 
  absolutely . 
  do you live in a world where refugee crisis and paris attacks did n't happen ? 
  i assumed these were common knowledge that needed no further mention , and that continuation of policies that led to both would be easily visible on part of turkey in the article . 
  which for reasons mentioned above would be a very direct and dangerous way of violating eu interests . 
  i claim that i have no agenda in this particular story , simply because i do n't have one . 
  i do not know if it 's better to have a european common army or not at this point . 
  i do not know enough about relevant issues to make a call . 
  as a result , i do have one agenda . 
  understanding the background in as much detail as possible to see if this is a cause worth support or not . 
  understandably people who are shilling hate truth seekers the most . 
  indeed he 's full of shit . 
  after all , he had to dig through a lot of shit to be one of the key people behind exposing us crimes in abu graib . 
  that was in 2004 by the way . 
  it may shock you , but building major stories and proper investigative journalism takes years . 
  it 's only the propagandist sound bites that take no real effort to create . 
  as the article i linked points out , no they are not . 
  french have their own interests in the region , which is why they have always taken a harder line . 
  but they also understand that after paris attacks , they needed to realign their foreign policy and right now , they have been working with russia to put pressure on is . 
  ask yourself what this means . 
  http://www.lrb.co.uk/v38/n01/seymour-m-hersh/military-to-military the entire concept is clearly outlined in the article . 
  please read it . 
  your first statement is strange in reducing two countries that are extremely hostile to another to just `` having issues '' . 
  the reason why turkey is still in nato is because us interests are what drives nato and turkey is in a key geographical position both in relation to middle east and russia . 
  as article i link points out , even if turkey is as hostile to european states as it is today , it will still be catered to by us as is occurring today . 
  and i never heard that kind of a description of greek-turkish security relations . 
  two countries that fought a war and that buzz each other 's defenses over thousand times a year are basically one step away from another shooting war . 
  remember , they actually fought one already , and it has n't actually been resolved properly . 
  underlying reasons for that conflict are still present , as are all the major political actors that caused it . 
  for the rest of your arguments , you are obviously correct in stating that much of european defensive capability lies in nato . 
  the issue is however that the more of a conflict between turkish and various european interests rise , the less of a role nato gets to play in european security . 
  as article i link points out , when us decided to support turkey over european member states ' requests , european states were left in an effective security limbo , specifically because they counted on nato to support their interests instead . 
  with nato being obviously directed by us and us not listening to european states in question , they are left with no alternatives but to seek other security options , and common european army is one of the ones currently entertained . 
  this has nothing to do with grandstanding and everything with the fact that ongoing refugee crisis and severe security threat that it presents and has already manifested in paris attacks is being pointedly ignored by both us and turkey . 
  with turkey pointedly continuing with the political path that lead to the attacks , other options have to be considered driven by simple necessity of reality on ground . 
  this is why france went to russia for help instead . 
  effectively it 's a case of desperation mixed with frustration . 
  do i ? 
  quote me where i 'm in support of it please . 
  because i sure as heck am not behind the idea . 
  i 'm simply going through reasons as to why politicians in high places in france and germany are coming out in favour of this idea . 
  whether it 's beneficial or not is unclear to me , and so i do not advocate either for or against the cause .
