  i can go on the plane with a model of ak-12 ? 
  that 's going to go well in current security climate . 
  even if the story does say :  an airport official quoted by reuters news agency said the model guns were clearly imitations and would not pose security problems . 
  also , why would you sell a model of a modern version and not the classics like ak-47 or ak-74 ? 
  i 'm in . 
  for some reason , you reminded me of this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g9km30xacvk, 
  does that mean that there are people who do not get running water and electricity in their homes even though these homes are equipped for it ? 
  i think the problem mostly lies in slow decay of western societal model under pressure from globalisation , and it 's not a problem limited to just eastern european states . 
  look at uk as a good example . 
  the less stable the economic system becomes , and the more squeezed the lower half of population is but those above it economically , the more there is of desire of change . 
  any change really . 
  because change brings hope for better , when status quo brings nothing but slow decay . 
  you ca n't have nostalgia about something you have n't experienced . 
  when that 's done , the information is likely to make weather predictions far more accurate , but i imagine that climate modellers will also benefit greatly from this information . 
  they get squashed routinely as i understand it , because they 're doing some really crazy stuff to get on board of trucks passing them . 
  life is really cheap to these people , both theirs and ours . 
  they are allowed to use bus lanes , chargers are easily available , and fuel and maintenance are a significant expenditure in taxi business . 
  electric cars have an advantage of being very low maintenance as electric engines used in them are mechanically exceedingly simple compared to internal combustion engines . 
  does n't really apply to nordics . 
  the moment you want to get out of your own city , you have to drive hundreds of kilometers , in climate that is anything but battery-friendly . 
  concentrated habitation is more of a central european thing , and that of those few large cities in nordics . 
  rest of the country are the ones who actually do need cars for their everyday life , because commute distances they have to travel are easily in hundreds of kilometers . 
  another supposed `` opposition leader '' that leads basically a tiny fringe party . 
  really , these people are n't a threat to current russian leadership any more so than other tiny fringe parties like their nazi party . 
  the folks who are threat to kremlin already sit in opposition in russian duma . 
  take a look for yourself if you do n't believe it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state_duma there are three clear major opposition parties in russia that hold significantly divergent views from those currently sitting in the kremlin . 
  but none of them are pro-west , so you do n't get to hear about them . 
  instead we get `` opposition leaders '' that lead support of well below 1 % and yet are widely quoted by new york times , while those who actually command enough local support that they get elected are ignored as if they do n't exist . 
  not necessarily . 
  capitalism is inherently highly unstable when not tightly regulated , and post cold war climate has lead to significant systemic instabilities in global economy simply because much of regulation that was in place during cold war was repealed . 
  it may simply be that the system used in warsaw pact states was weaker than capitalism , and as such collapsed earlier . 
  it does n't mean that capitalism wo n't eventually collapse as marx saw it , if not properly regulated . 
  i talk about facts . 
  he shills for us industry , either lying or telling half-truths about state of our militaries , our military industry , relation between various competing us and european technology and so on . 
  take his follow up , look up his examples and see that he 's lying so brazenly , that even us salesmen for products he 's pushing would not go as far as he does in their claims . 
  simply because they have to eventually deliver something that at least resembles what they promised in the end . 
  read the followup . 
  he 's very obviously a shill . 
  he took a long time typing out a reply that is literally nothing but a wall of half-truths and lies about state of european technology in european military , and supposed superiority of us technology on merits that simply do not exist . 
  and once again , you demonstrate your ignorance on the subject . 
  i am in fact well aware of the usage rules , and have in fact pointed out these rules to people like you in the past . 
  they 're there to bury things not related to the argument . 
  something you 're either patently unaware of , or simply ignoring when you 're trying to downvote a post clearly explaining the things you are ignorant of , and espousing opinionated and incorrect statements about . 
  except for all relevant historians , antropoligists and people who actually take their time to find out about those things . 
  with rest simply disinterested in the topic in the first place , and perfectly willing to believe whatever media tells them . 
   i do n't know why you think i 'm a us shill . 
  because you patently lied on issue of european technology being used in europe , strongly implying that us technology was so superior , it was widely used instead . 
  this is a very common argument used by us military-industrial complex in their sales pitch . 
  it 's almost completely absent outside those . 
   i 'm in favor of european countries co-developing their own equipment for standardization . 
  we had them for many decades . 
   except now the uk is ordering a total of 138 f-35b fighters to be the core of our fighter strength . 
  because it 's navy is literally incapable of using anything else due to the way they want to design their carriers . 
  as a point of comparison , for same reason us marines had to use british jump jets ( and still do as f-35b is anything but operational in the sense of being usable in actual combat operations ) . 
  this is an exception within an exception , as us routinely tosses out any attempts by foreign companies to sell them high tech systems . 
  this is n't even about military technology , it 's about all technology . 
  it 's well known for example that if you wanted to build an ice breaker like those that us is currently buying , european shipbuilding industry has comparable or better icebreakers on offer for about 1/6 of the price budgeted for such ships in us . 
  the fact that you 're lying again , suggesting that f-35b is going to `` sideline the typhoons '' , which is patently absurd to anyone who has even marginal understanding of these weapon systems ( low speed stovl jet vs high speed figher-interceptor air superiority jet ) . 
  they do n't even fill the same roles . 
  f-35 has a top speed of mach 1.4 , and can not handle any interceptions due to it . 
  it would simply arrive too late . 
  typhoon is what is actually needed for interceptions because when tu-160 does it 's mach 1.5 cruise ( not even maximum speed but cruising speed ) past britain , f-35b would n't even be able to follow it alongside the border . 
   france 's dassault rafale fighter costs nearly 74 million euros as a runaway cost in some sales . 
  its very expensive compared to the f-16 's 18 million runaway cost another straight forward lie . 
  light single engine multirole with no naval capability and no significant electronic jamming vs naval capable twin engine heavy multirole that was the only non-stealth aircraft capable of operating in libya without dedicated ew support aircraft . 
  ** you are patently shilling for us industry , espousing its supposed superiority on merits that would make even us salesperson blush in embarrassment due to amazing levels of ignorance demonstrated . 
  ** essentially , you 're not even a good shill . 
  the thing you cite are n't as needed by other coalition partners though . 
  they are supposed to defend their own lands . 
  that means far less need for strategic airlift and aerial refueling capability . 
  for us , nato is about force projection many thousands of kilometers from its nearest border . 
  as such , strategic airlift and aerial refueling becomes a key factor . 
  dare to cite facts that do n't serve pro-us cause = russian shill ? 
  you 're sinking pretty hard in quality of your output folks . 
  when coup in moscow failed , ussr was de facto dissolved . 
  there was a historic moment when gorbachev tried to get people to support him as general secretary of soviet union once again after he was freed , and yeltsin who was president of russian federal republic within soviet union at the time literally walked to his microphone and asked him in front of everyone `` what are you still doing here ? '', 
  after that point , russia agreed to take on all of soviet union 's obligations as it was dissolved , and yeltsin started recognizing other republics of soviet union seceding from it . 
  in general , conflicts do n't arise out of nowhere . 
  you typically have months , sometimes years of predictable escalation , during which production of war materiel is initiated on massive scale . 
  there are specific laws in most states to force manufacturing sector to do just that . 
  russia is nowhere near as strong as it would need to be for such a campaign . 
  european armies outnumber them by a very significant margin . 
  they have limited capability to fight that exceeds any single european state , but their ability to take and hold any territory without widespread local support is marginal , as evidenced by chechen war . 
  it 's highly unlikely that any east european population would provide such support , making any such attack a phyrric endeavor in best case scenario . 
  and for all the names russian leadership was called in the propaganda blitz of last couple of years , not even the dumbest shill did try to argue that they are stupid . 
  `` in theory '' does n't really apply to reality in this case . 
  command structure of nato is built specifically to serve us interests first and foremost , and one of the main interests of us is that european member states never develop to the level where they would go their own way . 
  the only one to ever try is france due to its strong nationalistic heritage , and even they were eventually strong armed back into the command structure of nato . 
  so for the theoretical chance to become a realistic possibility , us would need to cede power in the command structures to great degree . 
  it 's not going to do so voluntarily . 
  that is what makes nato so difficult to reform should desire to do so become great on european states ' part . 
  the event of russian attack is mostly in the realm of hypothesis today , because the main attack and counter attack would be nuclear in nature , and russians would be vastly outnumbered by europeans alone when it comes to conventional warfare . 
  the problem here is that nato serves far more purposes than just article 5 defensive alliance . 
  it standardizes military equipment . 
  it gives member nations a common military command structure . 
  it provides a method through which militaries within member nations can communicate , negotiate and conduct exercises together . 
  it also functions as to-go military structure for nations generally considered under umbrella `` western '' . 
  those outside nato but under the same umbrella typically can to an extent interoperate with it . 
  that is a major benefit . 
  i would generally agree that at some point , europe will have to grow up and stop relying on us for defense , and instead come together and make a genuinely european defense initiative .
