  as do islamists , when they 're white . 
  bombs on the other hand appear to tickle something in the minds of individuals who get involved in the middle eastern style terrorism . 
  something about not really requiring much of intellect ( you do actually need to understand tactics to use guns appropriately , else you end up like the idiot in the french train ) and assuredly killing yourself at the same time as your victims . 
  unfortunately with rise of is , military tactics are now actually being taught to individuals of middle eastern descent who are n't smart enough to realise that terrorism is not really the best way to go out of this world . 
  that would be because terrorists have n't really attacked us yet with the new tactics . 
  also it was n't the bomb damage that actually killed people . 
  it was the building coming down from force of the shaped blast , which was the intent . 
  it does n't match islamist bombings because they have problems getting enough explosives together and transport them to actually destroy entire buildings . 
  it takes a long time planning to do something like that and preparing to do something like that . 
  worth noting that unfortunately stupid islamist terrorists have learned from breivik . 
  explosives are crap for causing significant personnel damage in large crowd in comparison to firearms . 
  you get those in immediate vicinity of the bomb , and that 's it , as the rest are shielded from the blast and shrapnel by bodies of those in immediate vicinity . 
  firearms are much more efficient as killing tools in the crowd . 
  you can keep gunning new people down as those in front fall down . 
  this was demonstrated in paris attacks . 
  it 's ironic that it took a white supremacist to teach coloured terrorists how to kill people efficiently in a single suicidal act of terror . 
  thanks asshole . 
  facts that were listed in previous post that you are apparently unable to comprehend . 
   do n't know which ideology prevents criticism of russian institutions , but i do n't share your beliefs . 
  and that would be the ideological lens . 
  you are unable to separate `` specific organisation which within states with aerospace manufacturing is generally as isolated and independent from any corrupting presence from above as it can possibly be , because otherwise said aerospace companies would corrupt this presence against the state '' and `` this is about organisation in russia , therefore it must be bad , and anyone suggesting otherwise needs to be hated as enemy ideologue '' . 
  this angle makes you utterly impenetrable to facts and logic , and as a result leaves you looking ridiculous to anyone that is n't inside your specific ideological bubble . 
  `` my ideological lens prevents me from seeing anything other than my angle , and anyone else is pointless to listen to '' . 
  i 'm talking about reality . 
  what are you talking about , other than the fact that paranoid poles going with the agenda of government at the time tried to pretend really , really hard that anything that comes out of russia is wrong ? 
  by acting like one as you have done so far in this thread . 
  you 're certainly doing your part in looking like hysterical , paranoid idiots . 
  you do n't get it . 
  corruption on top does not impact the work of actual investigating part of such organisations , because it simply is n't allowed to . 
  it 's in direct interest of the state that investigative arm is as clean and technocratic as it can be , and technocracy is one of the main protectors against corruption . 
  just because the boss who handles the money is as corrupt as anyone else in that state that does does n't mean that technocratic commissions that have nothing to do with money beyond receiving a salary are . 
  it 's the same problem with essentially anyone in power . 
  almost every major state has a bunch of militant morons who think that world is out to get their state , which is the greatest in the world , no , the universe . 
  so they end up sabotaging the state from inside in their righteous hunt for these evil witches . 
  known historic precedents of this go all the way to antique greece and roman empire . 
  more known ones in recent history are people like mccarthy and beria . 
  civil aviation committees in charge of accident investigation are among the most independent and professional organisations you 'll find in any state , regardless of the actual state involved . 
  their work requires it to be so . 
  that 's not the way politics work . 
  words matter not because they are said , but because people in power say them . 
  random nobodies can talk about anything they want - they do n't have the power to implement what they 're talking about . 
  defence minister of a nato state that shares border with russia on the other hand is a totally different story . 
  you know , i usually end up going toe to toe with fairly hysterical polish types around here going on about evil russia , but here , i would actually argue that at least some of his behaviour is likely instigated by russia . 
  it simply makes sense . 
  poland is the biggest anti-russian driver in eu , with significant revanchist streak in the current government . 
  it makes sense to give people like this more rope to hang themselves with , as publicly as only possible to discredit and destabilize the state and hysterically anti-russian revanchist party to get the more reasonable people back in charge asap . 
  you folks should purge this moron out of power structures before he manages to achieve the exact opposite of what he appears to have set to achieve and actually weaken the state 's power structures . 
   the ethnic cleansing was equally divided by the soviets and the nazis . 
  the first soviet deportations happened before the nazi attack , among others about 10 % of estonian jews were deported and about 90 % of the deported in the first wave died en route . 
  later deportation waves had about 33 % death rate en route . 
  soviets especially targeted non-estonians ( including jews ) and estonian communists ( of whom 50 % were estonian jews ) . 
  so you can spread your b\u00e4ckmennish hatred as much as you like , it wo n't affect the situation by your logic , ussr must 've been really shitty at ethnically cleansing you do n't you think , with 97-98 % of estonians still being in estonia , but must 've been awesome at cleansing everyone else , including russians . 
  and yet when stalin actually start it , you went down to far smaller portion of you nation . 
  hmm ... also , til israel is pro ussr . 
  everyone but nazis are traitors to your values , and as such are clearly pro-ussr in fact . 
  we 're done here . 
  you know , i read all the way to this :  no , the problem was that within the current estonian borders , in 1947 , estonians constituted 97-98 % of estonia 's population . 
  while in 1990 , estonians constituted 60 % . 
  at this point , i will not read any further . 
  any person that celebrates ethnic cleansing practised by nazis this openly is not worthy of any reasonable person 's time . 
  the estonian ss asshole happily announcing that estonien ist judenfrei was not a hero to be celebrated , and massive purges of jews , russians , ukrainians and other `` subhuman races '' by nazis is not to be celebrated either . 
  no one claimed the former . 
  latter is obviously impacted in males as the natural way of masturbation , pulling foreskin over the head while massaging the shaft is impossible , due to lack of foreskin which is amputated from the penis . 
  also worth noting the nordic punctuality . 
  none of the blocking the roads , none of the burning of stuff that central european farm protesters are so fond of . 
  instead we arrange our tractors in almost perfect geometrical patterns to fit as many of them as we can on the square . 
  because around here , even farmers often have high education :d, 
  to be fair , that 's actually more of a my kind of a parade . 
  heavy machinery with no guns . 
  throw in a few long haul trucks and i 'm in . 
  irc over linux obviously . 
  the wing currently in control of the centre party is not the one that used to run the old farmer party . 
  it 's instead the religious rural folks from the laestadist quasi-christian cult . 
  they have a very different agenda , and we can see the old farmer party folks like v\u00e4yrynen splitting away from the party because of this schism . 
  but not all the time , and you managed the crisis far better than we did because you could inflate when needed . 
  we can not . 
  strongly for the former . 
  partially for the latter . 
  circumcision for non-medical reasons is an assault on child 's sexuality before it can get to develop . 
  it 's primary driver in both males and females is to make masturbation harder . 
  as such , it removes or severely impedes development of healthy sexuality . 
  it should not be allowed unless for medical reasons , or with consent of the person in question who has reached adulthood . 
  banning minarets , i 'm in for but for a different reason . 
  modern mosques can find non-arabic symbols to demonstrate that they are not here to spread arabic salafism and wahhabbism but moderate , european values . 
  as a european , i do however believe in freedom of expression and freedom of worship . 
  as such , i do not believe that outright ban on mosques themselves is productive for our society as a whole . 
  it 's pretty damn shocking that supposedly `` far right '' party espouses such leftist , pro-society and pro-collectivist ideas , whereas supposedly `` moderate '' and `` left wing '' parties oppose them . 
   which guns ? 
  estonia has some guns , but not that many . 
  zero tanks . 
  estonia does have some hundred anti-tank guns . 
  would you suggest getting rid of those guns ? 
  why not make the same suggestion to finland ? 
  sigh . 
  http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/stick-to-your-guns  you do n't seem to be an ethnic finn . 
  or perhaps you have relations to b\u00e4ckmen . 
  and this is why most of western europe looks down on you when you go down this ethnocentric , openly racist rabbit hole when challenged on your openly racist views . 
  you literally can not see past the ethnic lines , and if someone disagrees with your racist agenda , they 're labeled `` not truly x '' , in my case apparently `` not ethnically finnish '' . 
  even if i were n't , how does that in any way invalidate my point ? 
  and why are you so insistent that having different ethnicity from whatever you view as `` good ethnicity '' , in spite of living on the same land for centuries makes you less `` identically correct '' , even when national identity is identical .
