   conservatives would rather dig their head in the sand and hope nothing changes while science has told us many times that 's simply not how it works . 
  this was a discussion about differences between liberalism and progressivism . 
  conservatism has no role in this discussion , and the fact that you had to default to name calling and attributing of `` bad intentions '' to player that does n't even have a dog in this fight demonstrates your lack of understanding of the issue . 
   why should n't the bank be allowed to determine fr themselves whether or not they want to loan money to a political campaign ? 
  the point of contention is that progressive movement is suppressing bank 's ability to choose by applying severe negative consequences from position of current societal power . 
  they are using the power they have gained within state and societal structures to suppress their political foes . 
  that is what we call despotism . 
  luckily so far , our liberal tradition is holding progressivism largely in check , and its inherent despotism can only come out in these kinds of subversive actions , rather than direct ones . 
  for now . 
  history of the same movement shows that its does n't shirk far more direct and violent forms of suppression when such capability is on offer . 
   this is just naive . 
  elections are always grubby and corrupt . 
  this is literally the problem . 
  `` elections are always corrupt , so i might as well ensure that corruption is on my side '' . 
   if we would want a clean decisionmaking process we would n't let the general public decide . 
  this needs to be emphasized . 
  this is the true face of progressivism . 
  `` give me power , and i 'll destroy democracy in the name of progress , because people can not be trusted with this power - only progressives can . '', 
  what i quoted up there is churchill 's famous statement , slightly paraphrased . 
  i can certainly go down to your level and do childish , ignorant additions that make no sense . 
  for example : `` and we 'll help you by using gulags and a firing squad '' . 
  it does n't add anything to the argument , and looks idiotic . 
  patently wrong . 
  just a couple hundred years ago , liberalism has been extreme left . 
  the idea that people should be treated based on their merits rather than their pedigree is a very new one among our species , but a core tenet of liberalism . 
   when have progressives in the eu ever suppressed anyone ? 
  the opposite would be easier to answer . 
  never . 
  the very core ideal in progressive movement is that enemies of progress must be silenced in the name of the greater good . 
  you 're likely still left-leaning . 
  you 're just not a progressive . 
  progressive movement has basically killed the political left in europe , hollowed out its corpse and is now wearing it as a skin . 
  as you can see in this very thread , progressives are patently anti-democratic , extremely intolerant of dissenting views and are very much in favour of suppressing any views that do not match theirs . 
  left leaning before that usually referred to a liberal , which is the antithesis of progressive in these regard . 
  liberal believes in freedom of personal choice , tolerance of dissenting views and democracy . 
  it has n't stopped being a left leaning view in spite of winning march of progressives in upper strata of our societies and their hijack of the term `` liberal '' to describe their illiberal political views . 
  and people like you and me are overwhelmingly turning our backs on the remnants of the left that remains in politics , because its increasingly illiberal and progressive . 
  this is the hemorrhage that in large part gave anglosphere brexit and trump . 
  and anglosphere tends to lead the rest of europe by about 5-10 years in terms of policy . 
  which is why progressives on these forums are doubling down so hard on their ideology and suppression of any dissent . 
  it 's the classic response - when sand is escaping though your fist , you squeeze harder . 
   that is not a progressive ideological point , but pure capitalistic . 
  that is purely a progressive point , that is being served by capital . 
  progressive point has been traditionally , and remains to this date a suppression of opposing views by any means necessary . 
  capital in this case merely serves the interests of the party currently in power , expecting concessions on topic relevant to capital in the future in return . 
  essentially it 's an investment , nothing more nothing less . 
   there 's nothing wrong with anecdotes as long as they 're not being used in a fallacious way correct . 
  which is exactly what you did above . 
  on topic of relevant tactics , you brought up the subject of that particular anecdote to give credence to your angle . 
  that is indeed a fallacious way to use an anecdotal argument , which i called you out on . 
  right . 
  irrelevant . 
  completely irrelevant . 
  because you say so . 
  the fact that you are not even willing to adming that saudi-iran proxy war waged in syria is indeed a saudi-iran proxy war and drag russia into it as a primary actor rather than someone that was forced to pick sides in that proxy war several years after its start demonstrates just how ideologically compromised your line or arguing this topic is . 
   in my world , we understand the notion of a context , and relevance to a context . 
  in your world , yemen , syria et al are not relevant to question you yourself asked , nor is subversive anti-state action known as `` terrorism '' conducted with saudi financial assistance ? 
  i 've seen old school propaganda less absurd that these statements . 
  but it 's cute how you desperately try to pretend that syria , yemen and long term effect of radicalising populations from inside , one symptom of which is terrorism are not a part of geopolitics for saudi state . 
  it 's well known that saudi and qatari rich buy influence through purchase of everything from news outlets to troll factories in the west . 
  this doubling down of yours and massive outpour of upvotes for anti-democratic , tyrannical theocracy implies quite a lot about what 's going on in this dicussion . 
  yemen , syria et al do not exist in your world , nor do islamic attacks conducted with assistance from saudi-financed mosques , do they ? 
  `` we stong arm our financial organisations so they make loans based on ideological stance in politics '' . 
  that would be indeed unfair , because it 's the electorate that is supposed to decide elections . 
  not financial elite . 
  when financial elite decides elections , that 's not democracy , but oligarchy . 
  the fact that basics like these are even contested demonstrates just how deeply anti-democratic the current progressive movement pushing these policies is . 
   another straw man . 
  where did i mention anything about being an expert or having a special insight ? 
  the quote above . 
  `` anecdotal evidence '' is a common false attempt to claim special insight where there is none . 
   do those many theatres include the us , and western europe for that matter ? 
  because that 's what this is all about . 
  i was there in brussels during the terror attack , it did n't have a semblance of a military operation . 
  literally one post above you are telling that you being in the same city as attack occurred gives you some kind of special insight . 
  and when i call you out on it , you pretend i 'm strawmanning your argument . 
  good lord . 
  `` if you 're not a communist in your youth , you have no heart . 
  if you 're not a capitalist in your old age , you have no brain '' . 
  young people are often driven by base emotional response and desire to improve the world , combined with relative lack of empathy . 
  as you grow up and encounter the real world outside academia , you learn to moderate your emotional response , learn that world does n't give any fucks about your desire to improve it and will hurt you when you try , and as you experience emotional pain , you become more empathetic . 
  so relating what youngsters do during their young age to what they will do during their adulthood is silly . 
  frankly , anyone who has n't had dumb opinions as a youngster that he grew out of can cast the first stone here . 
  in general , if this is about language and culture , if you want to work in export/import to relevant countries , some courses in these studies sound relevant . 
  of course if studies are this racist , chances of education being useful are quite low . 
  yes , as demonstrated by recent paris attacks , where terrorists got the kill count they did because they did in fact utilize proper light infantry tactics . 
  `` i was in the same city as terrorist attacks occurred , therefore i am an expert on terrorist attacks '' . 
  i am speechless . 
   so no , america/the west have n't been just waging shadow wars throughout the world you really have no idea what has been going on throughout north africa and southern parts of middle east , do you ? 
  literally , no clue whatsoever ? 
  here 's a little primer to start with : https://theintercept.com/2016/12/31/u-s-special-operations-numbers-surge-in-africas-shadow-wars/ i think it 's time i quote myself once more and call it a day , because you truly are too perfectly innocent and ignorant :  i 'm rather surprised that there 's anyone left who lives so fully and perfectly enveloped in the propaganda bubble , and has never come in contact with real world . 
  in most cases people that regurgitate the propaganda line as you do notice at least some parts where it clearly does n't match the reality . 
   you 're frankly a bit too perfect . 
  in many theatres , they are one and the same much of the time . 
  is it so hard for you to recognise that you have no knowledge on the subject to make these kinds of judgements ? 
   if you want to paint me as an ideologue than by all means . 
  you did that all by your self . 
  do n't project blame on others for your own actions . 
   you have a bone to pick and are trying to strawman me into it , i wo n't bite . 
   i bet you think that the evil west encroached on russian ` sphere of influence ' too .
