  which is why the actual construction of battleships in world war two featured steel armoured deck below the thin wooden surface regardless , and wood was used as just a surface material , until various plastics became available to replace it . 
  this usage is comparable to similar other places where plastics replaced wood , such as for example stocks of firearms . 
  good luck keeping wood perfectly dry in earth atmosphere outside contained desert environment . 
  in finland , atmospheric humidity condensing within enclosed spaces within structure is what causes all those problems with mould spores , which is the main reason for popularity of wooden construction which keeps the air moving drying out the condensation . 
  apartment building where there are only a few stories , and it requires prodigious amount of supports within the structure to the point where diagonal support beams run within rooms as images show . 
  so walls alone are not enough . 
  they 're actually having to push wind load taking beams through the rooms . 
  you 'll notice prodigious amount of vertical supports and systemic use of arching on top to maintain rigidity . 
  wow . 
  wait until you discover that all european royals were in fact basically interbreeding among themselves to the point where there are specific genetic defects that are found among their descendants even today with all the dilution of the gene pool from them marrying outside royal circles . 
  then you get to pretend that this is special information only available to specific clique of people , and you are here to dispense it to the plebs who dare not join your clique of anti-russian whiners . 
  on topic on the other hand , we were talking about ** russian ** imperialism . 
  by your logic , they were equally ukrainian imperialists , as ukraine was in the ussr . 
  wood as a cell based organic compound decays naturally . 
  you will have to at the very least laminate it to slow it down . 
  in most cases , you 'll also need to fill it with preservatives to extend the lifetime of the timber . 
  i did . 
  they 're getting objectively worse in many ways . 
  denial , especially directed at people who experience the decay does n't grant you any credibility either . 
  that 's why we get the rise of the populists . 
  just because you happen to be on the winning side of globalism , does n't mean everyone , or even a majority is . 
  they 're not even close . 
  you can curve the beam into an arch , giving it significant extra strength over straight beam . 
  what you forget is that if you did the same to the steel beam , you 'd have the same effect , which would push it far ahead again , even if you were to get a wooden beam that was as strong as steel . 
  glued laminated timber is ancient . 
  we 're looking at at least 150 years of use . 
  you can essentially do with it what you do with stone - shape it into archs to carry more loads . 
  it 's vastly inferior to steel when it comes to durability in use of support structure . 
  for example , in area quoted in the article , the actual support structure is steel to which the archs are connected . 
  problem being that you can easily make a steel structure to perform the same job , and you 'll need less of said structure ( in terms of volume ) to get the same support capacity ( due to difference in material strength ) . 
  that why we have n't seen many large buildings with wide rooms build purely out of timber of any kind . 
  you can have the beams anchored to foundation be steel , and then use wooden archs and in some cases beams , but you 're generally getting far less strength in those than you would in comparable steel structure . 
  which again is why we use steel rather than timber in applications that do need the strength , such as high rise buildings , ships and so on . 
  elevator shaft and its surroundings is typically the support structure within the sky scraper . 
  have you see how sky scrapers are built ? 
  same principle . 
  extremely strong steel core which usually houses elevators within itself ( as elevator shaft adds significant strength requirements due to vibration it causes ) . 
  then you build supports that lie on the core to support surrounding structure going up around it . 
  and as noted above , apartment complexes are notably easier to build out of less durable materials due to small size of individual rooms . 
  you would however have to invest significantly more into each wall , as more walls would need to be weight carrying type rather than just separators . 
  it 's a good thing i care very little about `` internet points '' . 
  as should most sane people frankly . 
  i just like poking people who when caught on factual errors , just downvote the post pointing it out and do n't even bother to reply . 
  the image taken early enough during construction clearly shows that high rise buildings have a pretty typical steel and concrete core on which the rest of the wooden structure rests . 
  take a look at usb brock commons picture , as that one is shown during the construction . 
  you can see the support structure very clearly having being already built , and wooden structures are going up around it . 
  you 're missing the point completely . 
  the point is not to compete on `` own weight vs own capability to support it '' . 
  the point is to compete on `` how much can you support per specific length '' , that length not approaching infinity as mathematical argument would go on the topic . 
  wood is not even in the same ballpark on this one . 
  otherwise we would have never abandoned wooden beams on ships for example , and would build all internal beams that need significant tensile strength out of wood . 
  we do not . 
  same goes for internal support beams on sky scrapers . 
  need i go on ? 
  if you were to study history , you 'd find out that after lenin , the first russian leader of ussr was andropov . 
  everyone in between was from another nationality . 
  edit : best part is always catching the anti-russian whiner on a factual matter on this reddit , and instantly get downvoted by him :d . 
  if you look at older architecture , the biggest difference you 'll find to modern is extreme amount of vertical support pillars . 
  modern architecture specifically allows for large hallways with few vertical supports specifically because we have far sturdier materials . 
  this does n't apply quite as much to apartment buildings , where there is little large volume space , so every wall can be a supporting part of the structure essentially making it a vertical support every few meters of the structure . 
  we still save a lot on costs because many walls in modern concrete buildings do not actually carry weight , which means they can be made very cheaply . 
  walls that can carry weight of structure on top of them are far more costly . 
  schools do n't work that way . 
  there are few small apartment complex style rooms , many large classrooms , usually at least one very large sporting hall that ca n't have any vertical supports in the middle of it , and auditorium with similar requirements . 
  those would be most challenging parts of the structure . 
  as i said , developing wood that would actually be able to support the required weight ( especially when you consider the weight of wet snow we get on roofs in late winter on top of it ) must have been by far the most challenging and interesting task here . 
  consider the weight . 
  one of the main reasons why older buildings have so many pillars is because supporting the weight of top of the structure requires extremely sturdy , and most importantly durable ( in terms of time they maintain their structural rigidity ) materials . 
  that is why you wo n't find many high and large wooden structures . 
  wood is not strong enough nor durable enough . 
  as i said , it must have been a very interesting task to design the specific chemistry that went into the wooden supports to ensure that they could carry the required load for useful lifetime of the building . 
  it was most likely the most challenging part of the entire project . 
  it 's not going to smell amazing in case of a building this big that is intended to last long . 
  you 're going to have to pump massive amounts of preservatives into the wood to get it to last . 
  just looking at the supports gives me a headache . 
  must 've been interesting to design relevant materials for building it like this . 
  that has nothing to do with your example in any reasonable way . 
  `` oh , this car is pretty cheap , so it 's ok to steal it '' . 
  i actually provided a very specific one . 
  you should try reading the post . 
  no , just russia and sweden . 
  and they did n't come together , they just fought wars on our territory . 
  on pure profit , made in the state , made possible by the state structures that guarantee everything from rights to property , safety , provinding necessary legal systems , providing trained personnell and so on . 
  already people who get valuable education from the state are often required to work within the state or even for the state for certain amount of time in places where they noticed brain drain to be damaging to extreme . 
  this is not a bad idea . 
  but not related to profit made in france . 
  `` oh look , i just stole one item , not the whole car '' is a pretty awful argument . 
  have you taken a look at reference i provided yet ? 
  you seem to outline a scenario where elitist is actually looking out for the people . 
  are you in complete seriousness arguing that modern political elite against which modern populists are acting is looking out for the people , or is that just a retorical device to confuse readers on your side through obfuscation of facts of the case ? 
  i would suggest being more choosy on what you put into your mouth :d . 
  none of these taxes relate to your profits . 
  by your logic , i should be able to avoid payroll tax completely , because i already pay vat , property taxes , etc. 
  tax system is an entire system , built for internal sustainability of the state itself . 
  if you let entities pick and choose , system goes under severe stress and at some point simply collapses . 
  we have many case of latter due to this very factor in less developed and less robust states already . 
  i 'm not trying to convince you . 
  it 's fairly clear that your conviction on this topic is fanatical . 
  that means facts and logic will have zero impact on you . 
  instead i 'm merely ridiculing you for absurdity of your statements in front of others on the reddit .
