   finland never said anything hostile against ussr , nor was it allowed to join any bigger western alliances or opinions yes , that is what is called `` neutrality '' . 
  as opposed to taking sides . 
  it would n't fly because russian minorities are n't interested in joining russia in the first place . 
  they quite enjoy higher standard of living , lower corruption and frankly more westernized culture . 
  source : i talked to quite a lot of them when i was in narva in mid 2000s . 
  they were pretty miffed at blatant estonian racism , but they wanted to change it internally , not by welcoming an outside intervention . 
  or maybe most people simply saw it for what it was . 
  that once they got their president in , he was violently overthrown , even though he was basically the same as two previous ones . 
  he just was n't bending over to the western ukrainian interests like the previous ones . 
  and trampling over theirs, 
  nothing binding , which is the only thing that matters in any way . 
  that said , we have mandatory conscription for males and voluntary for females , and long tradition of reservist defence forces , to the point where we raised absolute hell about the currently negotiated weapons directive being debated in parliament . 
  it had a small chance of making reservist weapons illegal , and that was simply unacceptable to us . 
  essentially , we 're a classic `` low value , high cost target '' . 
  we made stalin balk at losses he had to take to just grab us . 
  i seriously doubt that any of the currently living generations of russians are willing nor able to absorb even a meaningful fraction of those losses in a war , just to grab a largely inconsequential country in the north with which they have the most peaceful border of any border they have anywhere . 
  russophobic , not at all . 
  just wary . 
  our russian and estonian minorities , both of which overwhelmingly share a language and culture are the best integrated non-native minorities we have . 
  though it obviously also helps that most of them are either married to a local , or are families of returnees from inkeri finns . 
  in case you want to find out more , here 's a very good episode of the war college podcast that has a long time reporter that worked in russia for several decades talk about this issue ( among many others ) from point of view of russian people that are n't muscovites ( which is pretty much entire russia for overwhelming majority of western correspondents in russia ) . 
  https://soundcloud.com/war_college/the-simple-reasons-russians let 's just say that yes , the angle you 're moaning about has been peddled widely , and yes like most propaganda we 've been peddled about russia it is completely wrong . 
  at least in part because people peddling it have n't ever left moscow to research the issue and simply do n't know any better . 
  why does every propagandised idiot think that anyone showing ability to think things other than heard in his propaganda is a `` bot for the evil that i 'm propagandised against '' ? 
  the answer is that most people are genuinely lazy , and not only do n't find out how complex things work , but do n't even want to . 
  so those who bother to do so make them feel bad about themselves , triggering the defensive reaction of trying to get them to shut up by calling them names . 
  i reiterate my earlier point . 
  how is this relevant to the point being discussed here ? 
  what you 're doing is deflecting attention from the point being discussed at best . 
  it 's worth noting that this court 's current amount decisions that were ever enforced stands at zero . 
  there was a good talk about it on geopolitics reddit . 
  then stop talking and take action . 
  vote those who would act to stop it rather than talk about it . 
  or pointedly not talk about it . 
  core tenets of islam dictate that no muslim must rest until entire world is islamic . 
  europeans are resisting . 
  therefore , they must be beaten until they submit . 
  it 's not the first time it 's resisting either , and for now , they 're less brutal then they used to be in the cordoba caliphate and ottoman empire . 
  they will most certainly never leave europe alone until either europe submits or islam as religion is dead . 
  you just compared driving people over with a truck with expressing an opinion that people who 's religious beliefs drive them to drive trucks over people should not be allowed to move into the country freely . 
  regressive left ladies and gentlemen . 
  they have lost all sense of reality , and truly live in an alternate dimension . 
  people do n't radicalize in mosques . 
  they radicalise because they can read . 
  what happens is that young people go to the mosque , and outside there are folks from islamist groups with pamphlets , that guide them to read specific parts of hadiths , sunna and quaran . 
  and when you can read ( historically a very recent development ) you can actually get a good educated opinion on contents of the texts yourself . 
  and literal reading of the texts without apostate additions to it gets you the `` radical '' version . 
  that is that every man 's duty is to wage jihad and spread islam . 
  that it 's every man 's duty to kill apostates . 
  and so on . 
  it 's the cultures and needs of society that traditionally tamed islam to not be what it actually is . 
  and as people now can read the texts themselves , they abandon these traditions as apostate in nature and embrace the islam as it exists in its holy texts . 
  as it exists in islamic state . 
  they have no such problems . 
  it 's that these states have integration issues with islam . 
  historically , that problem was commonly solved as islam integrates the country into itself . 
  problem is that `` radical '' islam is the normal , straight up reading of islam 's holy texts . 
  it 's the apostate adaptations that make it borderline tolerable in our societies . 
  that 's why these people go for more modernised muslims like the ahmadi far more so than they go for the westerners . 
  they would love you to not to play . 
  then they will take over , and play with you . 
  all it takes for evil to triumph is for good men to do nothing . 
  i know that a lot of people on the internet have short attention spans , but wow . 
  the entire post was three short paragraphs , and you did n't even make it to the third ? 
  let me quote it for you , in hopes that maybe , just maybe , you 'll read all the way to the third paragraph this time :  then again , this is a guardian article , so you know exactly what you 're going to get . 
  europhilic spin to the maximum and then some . 
  guardian is the paper that openly decried democratic process and democracy after the vote , with amazing analyses like `` why old people should n't get to vote '' and so on . 
  do a google search on it if you do n't believe me , using site : guardian.com criteria . 
  you 'll be amazed , or horrified , depending on how far you really are into regressivism . 
  i meant the syrian government and region it holds . 
  i obviously did n't talk about holdings of islamic state or similar rebellious factions . 
  your second point is utter nonsense . 
  all of those things ( with exception of planes , simply because air travel was rare back then ) have been done in indonesia . 
  which is relevant to this point because ? 
  united kingdom is an imperial state , with massive ability of force projection and willingness to use it , and large holdings far away from its own native land . 
  are you contesting this ? 
  highly unlikely . 
  in most cases , money is siphoned out of the state budget before these things are done . 
  it 's simply too traceable . 
  that 's why navalny makes a point not to claim anything of the sort in the video . 
  his entire claim is that `` they steal so much , they are going crazy from all the money and not knowing what to do with it '' . 
  thing is though , when it comes to the life of the ultra rich , everything shown is actually quite tame by the standards of private aviation . 
  i recommend you read about private aviation and just how the ultra rich that can afford to rent these private jets from the leasing companies fly . 
  it 's effectively a parallel world that has nothing to do with what you and i see at airports . 
  that is actually something that is no longer true . 
  it was true for soviet union . 
  nowadays , even putin openly talks about power of money and how it affects politics . 
  back in soviet union on the other hand , you needed political power to be wealthy , because the only way to be legally wealthy was to go through the offices of political power . 
  i was talking about the story linked above . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  different jobs require different skills . 
  `` good international reputation '' is very low on the totem pole of importance when it comes to qualifications on being a foreign minister of an imperial state . 
  if anything , it can be detrimental , as foreign interests may see him as someone who will concede more to protect his reputation . 
  to see an example , all you need to do is to look at our current foreign minister and just how awful of a reputation he has . 
  guardian has openly called him a racist and a nazi wannabe before . 
  he 's worked out just fine in his role . 
  birth of modern terrorism occurred in indonesia , where cia used militant islamism to stop communist uprising in accordance with doctrine of stopping spread of communism . 
  the brutality and death toll was staggering , and it demonstrated to world powers that islamic faith is an excellent ideological tool for attacking one 's enemies . 
  notable exception in this was ussr , as their own large muslim minority was at extreme risk of getting radicalized itself . 
  which is likely the main factor why usa worked the islamic lever as hard as it did .
