  you stand alone with that claim . 
  referencing internet repositories of studies is common in academia . 
  frankly , your argument is about as acceptable in academia as `` dog ate my homework '' . 
  another irrelevant point . 
  you made a blanket claim that `` ect is barbaric '' . 
  attempting to shift blame for your ignorance and rapid backpedaling on this issue is just as reprehensible as your earlier attempt of shit flinging through accusations of homophobia . 
  that was n't a question , and we both know it . 
  it was poisoning of well through implication of guilt of thought crime on my part . 
  even a cursory reading of this discussion so far demonstrates the malice and bad faith you espouse by even raising it . 
   as a source , this amounts to junk . 
  be sure to try this excuse on your university professor . 
   the elites that detain tens of thousands of people , torture , maybe even kill opponents , silence the media and political opposition . 
  i 'd call that rogue . 
  by this logic , all elites are rogue . 
  prisons exist for a reason . 
  defining what is criminal is up to the electorate and the people elected by them . 
  refer to the original statement up in this thread . 
  do you at all understand the concept of `` discussing the principle , and then discussing the details that contribute to it '' ? 
  that was n't the argument . 
  read the actual argument . 
  yes . 
  it 's the same `` electorate is dumb , racist , sexist , misogynistic , xenophobic and is a basket of deplorables '' argument that has been used by elites to disparage the voters who dare to vote against them lately . 
  major societal issues have been put to the referendum - such as adopting the euro . 
  putting potential future similar decisions to the popular vote of the demos is also wildly popular - i.e. 
  potential nato membership applicatin . 
  then i suppose you belong in the category of people who 's actions are damaging to the society itself and who can not be reasoned with - they can only be prevented from damaging the society further . 
   the left has made it blasphemy to discuss these issues ? 
  correct . 
  read on `` deplatforming '' of critics that has recently been institutionalized by the modern regressive leftists . 
   the issues they 've been fighting to change the conservative status quo ? 
  what do you do with a powerful political machine that met all its goals ? 
  you invent new ones , and when these new ones are shown to be extremely authoritarian , you silence the critics . 
  this is not a new thing in political sphere . 
  i literally quoted the oecd report on the issue in this very thread . 
  which elites are `` rogue '' ? 
  they clearly represent will of majority of electorate . 
  by your logic , the people calling for this intervention are the `` rogue '' ones , as they are clearly going against the will of democratic majority . 
  think for a bit before you throw buzz words around , lest they come back to bite you in the ass . 
  ah yes , another '' #bringbackourgirls '' . 
  sigh . 
  do read the link . 
  it debunks your hypothesis completely . 
  and that is exactly the attitude i 'm talking about among locals . 
  decline of their own state and its economy is irrelevant , because of potential personal gains . 
  `` it 's going to happen anyway ( and i have a good chance of getting a better life off of it ) so why even try addressing the problem '' . 
  nice shit flinging . 
  you forgot to also accuse me of racism , sexism , misogyny and call me a deplorable human being . 
  you think wrong . 
  the debunked bs story that was ran here talked about polling for small local issues , mainly due to low effort and low populace numbers skewing the polls . 
  your entire point of contention is in my language skills in modern world where media provides wide array of translation and analysis in a number of world languages ? 
  that was n't a problem fifty years ago . 
  this is easily bypassed by passing hires on to another party . 
  you just mentioned a personal problem that you have . 
  i am discussing trump . 
  so you literally just ignored my point , and decided to restart the argument from the beginning with wide sweeping and utterly unsubstantiated claims . 
  i 'll take that as you conceding the point i make above . 
  so by your logic , it 's a good thing that we essentially have a social support system which permanently keeps economies like that of your state in the shitter , and ours in good shape , and then pumps a kind of `` state social support '' out of rich countries into the poor ones ? 
  even foregoing the ethical problems with this setup , do you at all comprehend that this will work only until there 's a political will to keep making these wealth transfers to the eastern europeans states . 
  and that will is rapidly waning . 
  not to mention that there is a limit to how much damage a state can take from this kind of brain drain before it enters a death spiral . 
  your entire argument here is `` well this exists elsewhere too , so there 's just no problem '' . 
  try applying the same argument to different problems , and you 'll notice that none of these problems actually go away with it . 
  all you get is the fact that you also have a problem elsewhere . 
  all of which are part of the problem i 'm talking about . 
  the reason why poor countries receive money is to build up their society and infrastructure so they can become more like rich european countries faster . 
  `` people are stupid to vote on actual text , but smart enough to decipher if people they vote for can represent their point of view when voting for said laws '' . 
  do note that you have it backwards again . 
  what you 're saying requires people to be * smarter * - not only must they understand the laws , but they must also be able to judge if people they vote for are equipped to represent their points of view in parliament . 
  the main reason we have the current system is in fact to create inertia and inefficiency within governance , which is a stabilizing mechanism that creates continuity . 
  not , i did n't say that if you do n't have direct democracy , then you 're literally hitler . 
  i said that * your argument as to why we have representative democracy is idiotic on merits , and provided an example to demonstrate why * . 
  here 's hoping it sticks to growing and economy actually gets on some kind of a reasonable growth trajectory in long term . 
  next elections are a long way from now . 
  that has zero chance of providing the kind of help that is being asked in a timely manner . 
  close as in `` close enough to cause significant enough alarm in power circles of washington '' . 
  not as in `` we were getting the alliance formed '' . 
  again , hegemons do not tolerate peer competitors , and prevent such competitors from forming long before the formation is complete . 
  and you 're forgetting the third option - eu and russia share common interest in surviving the globalised world as independent entities rather than vassals of two new giants of the world order - us and china . 
  both of these are geopolitically stronger than eu and economically stronger than russia . 
  that gives us a natural interest to combine the strengths to compensate for weaknesses . 
  i 'm not talking about a union . 
  i 'm talking about a strategic alliance . 
  but in lesser numbers , as contact network formed during the exchange period would not be in place . 
  your argument assumes that this is some kind of a well thought out solution with goal of solving the entirety of the problem . 
  i think that this is simply an act of desperation which results in trying to erect any kinds of obstacles in hope of slowing the flow down . 
  notice how i did n't mention his political leaning on left-right scale at all , because on this topic it 's simply irrelevant . 
  what matters is his attitude toward eu and it 's values , which is overwhelmingly positive . 
  you want to get one first before you leave however , because that 's how you get a job in wealthier economies that does n't involve menial labour and low wage . 
  the worst known example is latvia . 
  after fall of ussr , it had 2.7 million people . 
  today , it has less than two million . 
  that 's over a quarter of a nation gone in two generations . 
  lithuania is in the same boat . 
  its numbers are 3,7 million and 2,9 million respectively . 
  eu forecast stated that it 's going to lose another 40 % of its population by 2060 if trends persist . 
  you 're looking at depopulation at a scale usually seen only in long going warfare . 
  there 's a pretty good oecd paper on the issue here : http://www.oecd-ilibrary.org/social-issues-migration-health/coping-with-emigration-in-baltic-and-east-european-countries/executive-summary_9789264204928-3-en;jsessionid=11m8a6yca2l52.x-oecd-live-03, 
  when folks like henri-levy state that they think that if referendum was held , france would likely leave eu , it 's extremely likely that this is the case . 
  he 's one of the biggest supporters of entire concept of eu and is ideals after all . 
   i think he 's just stating a fact .
