  not to even mention that royal example is just absurd to make in the first place . 
  during the period when europe was a collection of monarchies , their monarchs were essentially a completely genetically separate group of people , that bred among each other and not the population of their states . 
  that 's why they have significant problems with specific hereditary diseases common among them even today after one-two generations of interbreeding outside of the royal circles that are largely absent in mainstream population . 
   all that shit soviets built were so inefficient that they either had to be straight shut down or needed insane amounts of money for modernization . 
  waiting for citations , as russian port technology was very much on par with western , as was their refining capability ( actually better for specific kind of crude they were producing ) . 
  and while russian plants were older and as such less efficient ( i was involved in building the first western tech plant ) , they were quite functional in spite of their age , and kept estonia supplied with power as well as enable them to make money selling same electricity to us among other things . 
  the refinery in mazeikiai was actually so modern , that it was worth it to just build an entire oil terminal just to keep it supplied via baltic sea and sell the products back to the west after relations worsened to the point where russians cut off the supply of crude over the pipeline ( well , technically it 's closed for repairs , but it was really just a reaction to political situation ) . 
  so not `` dude really '' but `` yes , really , if you actually bothered to look into it , you 'd find out it to be true '' . 
  that would be interesting , considering that entire europe was lead by inbred minority of people . 
  european royals are in fact so inbred and so distinct from populations they ruled , that they have their own genetic diseases largely absent in rest of the population . 
  as a result , assigning ethnicity or nationality to them would be exceedingly difficult . 
  on the other hand post-monarchy leaders usually come from within the population . 
  just like in case of ussr , they were generally representative of the member republics . 
  lenin was russian ssr national , stalin was georgian ssr national , malenkov was russian ssr national ( almost unknown interim leader for about a month after stalin 's death ) , khruschev was ukrainian ssr national , breznev was a ukrainian ssr national , andropov was a russian ssr national , ca n't remember chernenko 's origins ( other than he was a mixed ukrainian-jewish ancestry , i remember it because he was the first one with distinct jewish roots who got into leadership of ussr ) and finally gorbachev was russian ssr national . 
  overwhelming majority of what would be considered criminal brutality would fall on stalin , who was georgian . 
  second highest would be khruschev , who was responsible for much of early cold war foreign suppression , including early foreign interventions in much of eastern europe . 
  then would be brezhnev , who presided over most of the reamining armed interventions ( i.e. 
  andoropov on the other hand was presiding over the phase when ussr started to roll back on the oppression , leading to chernenko and eventually gorbachev which started the dramatic reforms based on the progress started by andropov , and leading to dissolution of ussr . 
  ldpr , at least back when i looked at it is purely nationalist and expansionist . 
  they 're actually politically pretty close to what much of this reddit seems to think russia is . 
  my understanding is that united russia is mostly similar to republican us party in that it 's very pro-market with significant nationalistic bend , just russia is more of a european style social democrat party in that they 're more for socialist melding with free market economy , ldpr is the polish pis style ultra-nationalists and communists are a weird mix of the ussr style communism , and just ultra leftist communist policies in terms of economy . 
  feel free to correct me . 
  i have n't looked at details of internal russian major parties political positions for at least half a decade . 
  i do know however that they represent the interests of their constituents in that they are not pro-west and anti-russian , as many of the supposed `` opposition leaders '' often peddled in our media are . 
  state duma `` opposition '' are all putin 's puppet parties , they always vote with putin / rubber stamp all important issues . 
  til : russian communists are puppets of putin . 
  the sheer level of idiocy is flabbergasting . 
  name me russian leaders that were dominant in the soviet union , compare their numbers to those that came from other regions of the same state . 
  when you do the footwork on this one , i think you 'll be quite surprised at the results . 
  try reading it again . 
  if you still do n't get it , ask someone near you to read and explain it to you . 
  by your logic , should n't you be comparing russians wanting to recreate ussr to poles wanting to recreate commonwealth ? 
  you know , apples to apples ? 
  time when you were just one out of many in a larger state , but state itself had great power over you and others ? 
  thing is , i was n't talking about death by alcohol poisoning , but death of alcoholism . 
  those are very different things . 
  former kills through overdose . 
  latter kills through permanent organ damage , and is generally visible in significant shortening of one 's life span . 
  in russia , one of the biggest outliers is huge difference in average life expectancy of men vs women . 
  main reason for it is the alcoholism of the men . 
  that has n't really changed . 
  they do slowly increase life expectancy because of improved economy and better medical treatment than before , but they still have over 10 years of gap between sexes on life expectancy , compared to usual 5-7 years you see elsewhere in surrounding states . 
  sure . 
  when you 're slowly decaying in your quality of life , you start wanting change , because change would give you a chance of improvement . 
  but that is n't nostalgia and has nothing to do with it . 
  brexit was essentially about the same thing , and pretty sure if you tried the same argument about `` nostalgia over parents ' tales '' , you 'd be laughed out of the room . 
  because this discussion was in relation to one phrase spoken by a leader of one of the republics , not in general . 
  accusation laid was very specific kind of taking of that phrase completely out of context and projecting it upon a completely different issue . 
  the only way to correct such misconception is to put it back into the original context and demonstrate that yes , the phrase makes complete sense within the original context and no , it does n't mean what was implied when it was taken out of context . 
   well you call it a disaster , but for us it was that moment when the evil foreign power that brought so much misery here finally collapsed . 
  you asked in relation to people in the state . 
  i answered in the relation to the people of the state . 
  you complained that it does n't match your feelings , mainly because you are from a different state that got massively propped by other foreign states on issue of economy and did n't collapse , like soviet republics minus baltics did . 
  pretty sure the only answer to off-topic reply like that is `` anyway ... ''  sorry , but how is what i said patently false , when stalin infact took the non-russian population and deported them to siberia ? 
  false . 
  he only deported crimean tatars , simply because they butchered slavs during occupation . 
  ukrainians , kazakhs , georgians and other non-russians were not touched . 
   i agree , both should have been handled differently . 
  but one wrong action does n't give anyone the right to do another wrong action . 
  actually under international law it in fact does , because there 's no such thing as `` wrong action '' under international law . 
  there are only customs . 
  if it 's customary due to precedent to simply poll locals `` do you want to leave '' and then have them change sovereign rule to something else without asking those that held sovereignty over the land before , than that is how it 's going to happen from that moment on . 
   ussr obviously used russian identity as a glue making it work . 
  and they did treated russians preferentially ( see hlodomor ) . 
  unlike the current ukrainian nationalist mythos would have you believe , russians , kazakhs and moldovans died in large amounts to the same mix of stalin 's actions and crop failure . 
  ukraine did n't have it worse `` because racism '' . 
  it had it worse because it had the biggest fields , highest dependency on them for national supply and geographically least ability for the peasants to flee elsewhere ( due to being the one with biggest fields and in the middle of the crop-producing region , while others were on the edges ) . 
  when times got hard , they used soviet patriotism . 
  not russian . 
  you are either vastly ignorant , or simply do not understand that the state was called `` soviet union '' and not `` soviet russia '' which was just one republic in said union . 
   i do n't blame modern russians for ussr crimes . 
  you blame their parents , and * only * their parents , and as a good christian you clearly have concept of original sin drilled into you , which makes you project it . 
  a mix of historic ignorance demonstrated above and christian theology which creates a very toxic mix that is the views you demonstrated above . 
  when you are in a state that has more arable land than anyone and people had to ration food on state level for years , yes you would think that economy was the biggest problem to trump all . 
  if you read up on this thread , you 'll find that it really , really is not . 
  the sheer amount of open racism and russophobia demonstrates very well one of the biggest reasons why we are having the problem with russia on the level that we actually do , instead of what our mutual interests dictate it should be . 
  some of the worst ( and most upvoted ) statements was above this post here and got removed : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4yt9p2/1968_to_all_people_of_czechoslovak_socialistic/d6qj6en which simply stated `` how much we hate russians '' and got upvoted to heavens . 
   while soviets came here without asking the consent of local governments actually they did get the consent . 
  problem is that local government was also soviet , so it did n't really enjoy wide spread support among the locals . 
  of course , it 's not like it was all that different elsewhere in ussr either . 
  elites were indeed elitist and they ruled the masses without any real fear of losing their posts over unpopular policies . 
  as for the rest , honestly you should have either taken more , or not at all . 
  now it 's like you 're in a cowboy standoff , but the guy on the other side has body armour and loaded colts , while you have a bow with a broken arrow and traditional indian armour . 
  either do n't pick that fight , or arm yourself for the actual fight . 
  personally i 'd choose both , as we have done . 
  and not rely on outside power for it , which reduces russian incentive to actually put troops on your borders . 
   only that us is n't stealing most of our gdp not really seeing the same happening in ussr either . 
  i 've seen the power plants build by ussr in narva , the huge port facilities in tallinn , the magnificent modern oil refinery in mazeikiai . 
  they most certainly were n't `` stealing '' from baltics any more than they `` stole '' from anyone else . 
  money put into the system resulted in infrastructure build across the republics . 
  and btw , we 're enjoying the fact that port facilities designed to feed st. petersburg were built in tallinn , resulting in massive lack of port facilities after the split on baltic side of russia . 
  we sure picked up the slack here in finland . 
  there 's really good money in that transit business . 
  thanks to estonians for being stubborn and not letting russians use the tallinn port as intended and just charging them for it instead . 
  never been there . 
  do you recommend that as a history buff and a war nerd i should visit it some day as a tourist ? 
  sounds like an interesting place to see history in the making . 
  but yes , the mafia-controlled state is pretty much a modus operandi for these quasi-limbo states , regardless of who 's support they enjoy . 
  kosovo makes for a good example of similar state supported by the other side of the geopolitical fault line we 're talking about here . 
  un backing was for no fly zone .
