  there is a reason why russians are in those places . 
  see , they came in during the time when russia actually did n't accept crimea after it was offered that by kuchma upon split of ussr . 
  russia back then had problems just staying as one country with conflicts tearing the country apart . 
  but they were also the only ones in the former soviet union states with know how on how to keep the conflicts in regions like abkhasia , nagorno-karabakh and so on under the lid instead of open wars as they were before soviet union . 
  so they were trusted , often reluctantly to continue keeping the lid on top of those boiling pots of sectarian warfare as they did for last half a century . 
  south ossetia and the whole georgian soldiers shooting up the civilian city , then driving through it screaming racial slurs and demanding that women and children come out of the basements since they did n't have time to go in there and kill them in their rush for the gori tunnel were a good example . 
  neither abkhasia nor south ossetia were any more part of georgia than estonia was part of soviet union . 
  until stalin decided otherwise . 
  and georgians are more than happy to slaughter all ossetians , who are distinctly different from them in both ethnicity and religion . 
  comparing ukraine to those conflicts suggests massive ignorance of the relevant history . 
  because clearly , that is the reason why companies would avoid ukraine . 
  in real life on the other hand , that 's pretty low on totem pole of huge problems that face any company that wants to invest into that utterly corrupt , inefficient and crippled country today . 
  want to hear a story ? 
  a few years ago , a certain finnish company tried to expand into ukraine ( that 's pre current conflict ) . 
  after the investment were made , it took about a year before local oligarch 's private military company occupied the company offices ( as in men with assault rifles entered the offices and simply informed employees that they are now under their control ) and made an ultimatum to the company - cede control to the said oligarch at barrel of a gun or just lose the company as it wo n't be able to function due to armed occupiers blocking people from working . 
  this is not an exception in the country . 
  it 's the norm . 
  country was a mess for last two decades . 
  while this conflict has n't made it any easier , it actually has n't made it all that much harder . 
  it does n't really make any difference to foreign investors if guys with assault rifles belong to the local oligarch as was the case in the past , or to the right sector/separatist groups . 
  `` current level of hostility '' is present in government rhetoric and mass media . 
  it 's largely absent among the population , that just wants the idiocy to end so they can get on with their lives . 
  these boundaries are natural . 
  they 're called `` large mass of water '' in case of great britain . 
  ukrainians already fill poland . 
  gastarbeiter paths in europe are basically : russians , ukrainians , other former soviet states that are not in eu  poland , baltics etc former warsaw pact states . 
  poles , romanians , other former warsaw pact states currently in eu  germany , france , and other wealthier eu countries . 
  essentially every eu country is currently importing cheap labour from even cheaper countries . 
  ukraine and russia are not arch enemies , and are highly unlikely to ever become such . 
  this is simply because of the family ties across borders being massively prevalent . 
  politicians can foam at their mouths and far right activists can scream about nationalism all they want . 
  blood will call to blood in the end , and it 's such leaders and activists that end up ran out of the country if they actually manage to escalate the situation . 
  that applies to both sides . 
  you seem to think that ukrainians or russians want this war in the first place . 
  they do n't , that 's why both sides tacitly accepted freezing of the conflict and only specific activists continue to try to reignite it . 
  most people have families across borders , and this kind of war would basically require them to go kill their family members . 
  this kind of policy is a really good way to ensure that leaders that were forced upon ukrainians after maidan would get shot by their own people in the next uprising . 
  because kaliningrad is a part of russia and because it 's helluva expensive with no real gains . 
  russian standards for electric grid are significantly cheaper to meet than those in most of eu states . 
  baltics not being a part of this club as much of their electric infrastructure is soviet with no significant change so far in sight - electric infrastructure is built to many decades . 
  this brings notable savings on grid level , but additional expenditures on large scale consumer level ( i.e. 
  heavy industry ) who need additional infrastructure to `` clean out '' the electricity to meet their requirements . 
  overall , baltics will probably want to switch to european standards eventually , but russian concerns about transit issues are warranted as ukraine has demonstrated both with oil blackmail over last decade and current electricity issues . 
  problem being that this intelligence requires a calm situation to come out . 
  soldiers are people who work on the extremes of our societies , and as such are required to operate on stress levels that mean that many decisions are influenced by instinct far more so than intelligence . 
  you misunderstand . 
  this is not about training , but basic human impulses . 
  woman 's life is distinctly more valuable than man 's to society in conflict when other factors than sex are ignored . 
  this is because of how our reproduction works . 
  to make an extreme example , ten men and one woman result in about one child per birth cycle . 
  ten women and one man result in ten children per birth cycle . 
  that means that you can have full repopulation in a generation in latter case , but multiple generations in former . 
  our base impulses are from stone age where this was the overriding societal concern in conditions where wrong choice meant extinction of the tribe that got into dangerous conflict . 
  that is why men will instinctually stop and help woman even if that will likely fail their current military objective , but leave a man behind . 
  her life is simply more valuable to us on base level . 
  frankly fuck the pride . 
  it leads to disasters on national level far too often . 
  but this is n't about pride . 
  it 's about national security . 
  greece and turkey are still antagonists who fought a shooting war in recent history , and turkey still routinely buzzes greek border defenses to find weak spots . 
  agreeing to common patrols would be a significant threat to greece 's national security . 
  this already exists . 
  it 's not a new thing . 
  and it 's getting progressively worse as relevant lawyers are gathering experience and getting bolder in the claims . 
  he had to destabilize his position to get his party back into parliamentary majority . 
  to do this , he had to burn a lot of political capital . 
  among other things , burning included : 1 . 
  180 on agreements with kurds that he himself pushed for over half a decade before the events of this year . 
  a lot of people who bet on him continuing got burned . 
  destabilization of security caused serious problems for business elites in tourism industry . 
  they wield significant amount of power in turkey . 
  erdogan 's problems with army and legislative branch . 
  even as declawed as he managed to get them to be , they are still a force to be reckoned with . 
  population polarization to get akp elected into majority was significant , which will need to be mended in some way . 
  this will require significant political capital . 
  this just off the top of my head . 
  there are quite a few more factors involved . 
  you are likely wrong . 
  restarting of talks is not about getting turkey into eu . 
  it 's about buying political capital with pro-eu parts of turkish society . 
  it 's likely that for * people * that is how it 's going to end up being , especially after the nationalist drumming done in a last few years about how turkey does n't need eu . 
  but that was n't about the turkish people , just like smuggling is oil is n't . 
  it was about financing erdogan 's closest circle to allow him to get the firm grip on power back and restore political capital he had to expend in the last couple of years . 
  i 'm talking about your discussion on `` what 's turkey 's job '' being irrelevant . 
  in realpolitik , that concept does n't exist beyond the pr value . 
  what exists is tight negotiations and what you can get out of them for yourself . 
  at this juncture of history erdogan negotiated from position of power whereas eu had almost nothing at the table , and he got a great deal . 
  whereas eu had to basically surrender all positions just so that our leaders had something to take to the press so that it would n't eviscerate them over inaction . 
  right . 
  the only thing that matters is the outward image , and real actions are irrelevant . 
  it most certainly is not . 
  the actions he had to pull to get majority for his party expended a large amount of political capital . 
  turkish state has become quite unstable as a result , and his position with it . 
  this is not pr wishy washy talk , this is realpolitik . 
  no one gives a damn about jobs . 
  the only thing that matters is what you can negotiate . 
  border controls are much tighter on both sides . 
  there 's no mediterranean , nor easily crossable open paths . 
  turkey ? 
  not necessarily , depends on erdogan .
