  a rather odd distinction , considering russia did not exist at the time . 
  you 're probably trying to say `` slavic '' . 
  checkov existed in society where ethnicity and gender supposedly no longer existed as something relevant in society . 
  if anything , he was a demonstration that `` in this kind of future , even evil russians can be good '' . 
  he did in fact come to help out . 
  the river route between baltic sea and byzantine was rife with danger . 
  there was a massive demand for capable warriors to provide security . 
  there 's significant historic evidence that rurik was either a very successful mercenary hired by locals , or even invited to become a ruler , as to promote novgorod 's role as the key outpost on the route . 
  notably our swedish friend above is wrong . 
  genetic study indicated that rurik was likely a finnish or baltic as far as ethnicity goes . 
  i do . 
  she will be far less fit than today . 
  our bio-technology 's pace of advancement is glacial for what your statement requires . 
  it 's not a low-hanging fruit , and it 's extremely hard and requires meticulous testing , which still tends to fail because we do n't yet even know how to test . 
  consider ivf . 
  procedure is about 50 years old . 
  oldest ivf child is below 40 , and most of ivf children suffer severe health issues , because it took us about 40 years just to figure out that completely dropping out the `` climb up the vagina and fallopian tubes '' phase from insemination actually introduces a massive amount of harmful effects we do not see in natural insemination due to that additional step of natural selection selecting out these sperm with worse quality genetic material . 
  that is the speed of advancement in bio-technology field in relation to items of reproduction and longevity . 
  if child survives that long . 
  most people forget that beyond thirties , the older the mother ( and to much lesser extent father ) , the worse child 's health and life expectations are . 
   they have no reason to oppose . 
  i just listed several reasons to oppose . 
  overwhelming majority of political analysts agree . 
  your entire counter-argument is that which you are accusing me of - ignoring it entirely , going `` nuh uh , your arguments just do n't exist '' . 
  your only counter-arguments so far have been about inter-uk interests . 
  you have not presented a single counter-argument which would have relevance to spanish interests . 
  if anything , you 're simply confirming the accuracy of my initial premise :  your wishful thinking demonstrates a rather extreme lack of comprehension of nature of the problem in spain . 
  your problem is that you 're so focused on scotland and uk , you appear to miss the fact that spain does not care about scottish issues . 
  you 're essentially making a consistent projection that `` my interests are mine and my state 's to decide , and outsiders should just accept the outcome and not use this to push their own geopolitical agenda '' . 
  in reality , spain cares about spanish issues , and how scotland 's actions would impact them . 
  it also cares about how it can use these actions to promote it 's own interests , such as dissuading its separatists from separatism . 
  the argument you 're using in last post is certainly on point . 
  it 's also utterly irrelevant for the point i 'm making . 
   you 're talking about risk-reward but you 're ignoring what has been said by actual authorities in the matter . 
  risk-reward for talking about the issue : talk about `` being in line and letting other state decide '' . 
  presents spanish separatists with implication that `` if you go down the legal road in spain , spain will not block you in eu '' . 
  no such road actually exists , as any separation would have to be agreed by entire spain , rather than just relevant region , unlike in uk . 
  again , you 're looking at words given by officials at face value , and completely failing to understand the underpinnings on why these words were said , and what was the actual message sent inside the state of spain with these words . 
  you have master 's in the field where you do not even understand basics that they go through on the first lectures when they teach about international law ? 
  i submit that it 's not that estonian education is as awful as you imply , but that you do n't actually have a degree in the field . 
  this sort of `` you dared to talk about my history when my great state was at its lowest point '' is a nationalist reaction that is fairly common among poles today . 
  i 've run into it with different people that have polish flair on this reddit a few times before . 
  you may want to do some soul searching if you want to find out why you had the knee jerk reaction you did . 
  no one cares about your childish insults like `` acting like a petulant child '' in geopolitics . 
  what matters is acting in a way that is beneficial to your own state . 
  there is almost no benefit to appeasing scotland , and potentially massive harm in giving ammunition to your own separatists . 
  there is a massive benefit is eviscerating any scottish hopes of eu membership as an independent state , providing a specific example of their future to people in spain supporting the separatist movements based partially on hopes to join eu quickly after leaving spain . 
  conclusion : spain will do this . 
  risk-reward assessment for these two scenarios is completely lopsided for spain . 
  understatement of the month for me , that one . 
  of course not . 
  you are completely out of your depth on this issue . 
  you demonstrated this quite well in your previous postings . 
  i genuinely do not understand why you chose the line of argument you did , as it was doomed from the start due to you simply not understanding this particular topic . 
  my recommendation is that you go into your nearest university library ( i hear tallinn has a pretty good one ) and ask librarian what primers they have on international law and how it works . 
  i remember having to read on the topic myself . 
  it 's very interesting , and explained a lot about how world works . 
  your wishful thinking demonstrates a rather extreme lack of comprehension of nature of the problem in spain . 
  spain not only `` will do shit '' , it may simply opt to block entry entirely , just to make a point to catalan independence movement that should they unilaterally leave spain , spain will block their entrance to eu and they will suffer as sovereign scotland outside eu would . 
  essentially , you would make an excellent example . 
  the way in which you leave is largely irrelevant here . 
  the point to be made is that `` regardless of how you leave spain , you 're not getting into eu , and here 's a concrete example of how you 're going to end up . '', 
   the past means shit then perhaps consider not posting idiotic statements like one quoted above . 
  indeed . 
  i really like the way it was used too . 
   the building had previously been used as a centre for people with disabilities . 
  considering hitler 's attitude towards disabled people , that was a really good way to both remember history and give nazism a nice big middle finger . 
   the past means shit . 
  he who does not learn from history is doomed to repeat it . 
  i said there were wars , which is the worst state that international relations can be in . 
  this is a relevant answer to claim made above , which implies that allied state of poland and germany is not going to change . 
  i said nothing about who was the aggressor . 
  no , like actually meeting people outside of your bubble face to face , so you ca n't just demonise and dismiss them as you just did with me . 
   there is one international law . 
  excellent . 
  kindly point me to the text of this `` one and only international law '' . 
  i 'll save you time . 
  no such thing exists . 
  international laws are an amalgam of written treaties and unwritten customs . 
  that 's why us is so afraid of letting china establish a precedent in south china sea on eez projection from dredged up islands . 
  they do it , it becomes customary international law . 
  same reason there is so much opposition to way kosovo gained independence and crimea got annexed . 
  drone strikes are strictly illegal under old definitions of international law . 
  us had to bend them severely , establish a long list of precedents and as such , change customary law . 
  that said , as us rejects authority of icc , there 's no real court that can address this issue either . 
   if the terrorists are only available targets when they are with their families , then the strikes may actually be legal , despite civilian losses . 
  `` if enough crimean agree , crimean annexation may be legal '' . 
  it 's called `` establishing sufficient precedent '' in international law . 
  it does not change the fact that it challenges established law , from point of which , action is in fact illegal until customs are changed . 
   the us does n't just decide them based on domestic law ... that is in fact exactly how us originally argued for them . 
   no , it shoots civilian areas to cause destruction and force the opposition to lose vantage points . 
  do you even for a moment think that drone strikes in war zones did not drive the same thing ? 
  or air strikes ? 
  the doublethink you 're engaging in here is astounding . 
  you must suffer from severe cognitive dissonance as you type this out . 
  the rest of your post is literally `` nuh uh '' , and looks more like a child 's tantrum because his daddy is being accused of molesting neighbour 's daughter , so he 's going `` nah , my dad is great , let me tell you how what he does is different from that molester down the street '' . 
  they ca n't . 
  geopolitical interests that have a focal point in their state will not let them fight this one out . 
  everyone essentially needs this war to go on to not lose face . 
  so weapon shipments and mercs continue being sent .
