  i can do it , but i have no way to compel you , and you have a long history of having idiots on the internet give you advice that you will ignore because they are irrelevant and have no power to compel you . 
  and yes , much of the time in eu parliament is spent doing things that have zero relevance . 
  that 's another problem many of us have with eu legislative system . 
  you miss the point . 
  it can suggest that commission submit a proposal . 
  it has no means to * compel * commission to do so , making this a completely dead point in terms of legislative power . 
  again , it 's the legislative * power * that matters . 
  the only power that ep has is to vote on proposals put before it by the commission . 
  there is no mechanism that would compel commission to care about parliament 's opinions or desires when related to amendments of legislation . 
  literally the only power ep has is veto . 
  this is starkly different from basic principles of parliamentary democracy as it is practices across europe in member states . 
  as the article itself points out , no it can not . 
  commission is the one that can suggest amendments . 
  parliament can only vote yes/no . 
  it has no legislative power beyond the power to accept or deny what commission puts before it . 
  that is one of the major contention that democracy activists have with eu power structures in general . 
  the only directly democratically elected part of eu legislative structure is too weak , and those that are n't directly elected by electorate are too powerful . 
  if you two ever want a new career , i 'm sure you have promising futures as branding irons . 
  the burns . 
  not necessarily young . 
  more like `` technically minded and capable of discussion on technicalities '' . 
  that is why parliaments can suggests amendments to the text to make it passable . 
  eu is supposed to be about compromise , not dictat . 
  some people seem to be forgetting this more and more lately . 
  but they lack power of national parliamentary institutions . 
  they merely have a yes/no vote . 
  national parliaments on the other hand can suggest amendments . 
  ep can not modify the text . 
  it merely has a veto power if vote is rejected by majority . 
  national parliaments can actually suggest amendments . 
  it is at this point . 
  just in the way opposite to one he suggests . 
   there is vicious hatred towards non-ethnic russian among ethnic russians . 
  that 's an undeniable fact . 
  right . 
  other undeniable facts are that sun rises from the west , you are a very tolerant person and finland is still a grand duchy of russian empire . 
  russia is one of the most ethnically diverse nations in the world . 
  if `` russians viciously hated non-ethnic russians '' , they 'd have a huge civil war across the entire state , as ethnic russians are a minority in many regions . 
  and as noted above , `` ethnic russian '' as a concept includes countless sub-ethnicities on its own . 
  it 's obvious that your bigotry and ignorance is wilful , and utterly impenetrable to facts and logic . 
  we 're very much done . 
  one last try before i give up on you as not just bigoted and ignorant , but actually wilfully ignorant . 
  consider this . 
  how many very different sub-ethnicities does `` russian '' hold in it ? 
  there is a reason why russians are traditionally very accepting and accepted soviet concept of `` internationalism '' with open arms ( to the point of interbreeding with blacks who are in the country for just a few weeks willingly when given the chance ) , unlike for example many asian ssrs that resisted it . 
  that is because unlike your bigoted projection , russians are generally very open to other ethnicities . 
  even the recent trend of ultra-nationalism that sadly swept the country has n't reached beyond the big cities . 
  smaller ones are still the same crazy amalgam of peoples that it was for centuries . 
  suggesting that this produces a culture that is more bigoted than culture that has severe ethnic split to date is ... absurd . 
  obviously , for example specific incendiaries are considered to be so horrific in their maiming ability that they are banned for anti-personnel use , such as infamous white phosphorus . 
  literally the only problem cluster munitions present compared to normal single charge he-frag weapons is that they have separate detonator for each bomblet  risk of not detonating is for each individual bomblet and significantly higher than that of a single charge  increased risk of unexploded bomb ( lets ) left after the strike . 
  in terms of actual payload , they 're typically standard he-frag charges . 
  there are plenty of them . 
  essentially any term that starts off as massively loaded usually starts to lose it 's weight when it 's used to silence opposition . 
  problem is , the process to make the term largely benign is full of remains of those who were crushed from it being used against them . 
  the most known term of the kind is probably `` witch '' . 
  this was an accusation that on virtue of accusation alone carried almost certain death penalty , often by lynching by your own neighbours in the past . 
  that is why `` witch hunt '' is adopted across many languages as a term to describe hounding people by accusing them of something so monstrous , that there is no defence against it . 
  no , i 'm telling you that this minority * exists today * . 
  relevant google search terms have been provided already . 
  the fact that you still deny the existence of them is an excellent example of depth of your ignorance . 
  i 'm going to guess you 're actually buying into the `` wars are mainly waged with high precision munitions '' . 
  this is the most used munition type of us and it 's allies : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_direct_attack_munition it 's very similar to what russians are using right now . 
  a free falling bomb with guidance kit strapped to it allowing is significant degree of accuracy on point of impact . 
  accuracy is still about 10 meters radius from impact , and at point of impact , you 're looking , depending on payload you 're looking at kill radius large enough to actually hit the aircraft dropping the bomb if it 's a low altitude drop . 
  us had to reconfigure some of these with drag fins to avoid this . 
  these are `` weapons you wage wars with '' . 
  as in weapons designed to kill entire units of the enemy , consisting of many combatants and equipment . 
  as distinguished from `` weapons you commit assassinations with '' that are used by drones . 
  those are smaller and more accurate , but still command a severe kill radius , as evidenced by extensive civilian casualties when israeli 's use their very much reduced payload versions that still have a tendency to kill dosens of bystanders alongside the target . 
  what the heck is a `` normal missile '' ? 
   because those subhuman westerners are so fascist have you tried reading comprehension you daft propagandist ? 
  my point of contention is that :  thanks for giving them ammunition to paint us all with your prejudice . 
  i am one of the westerners . 
  i do n't buy into this idiocy . 
  and i do n't like it when idiots like you do , and give the other side ammunition to make us all look at prejudiced and ignorant as you . 
  so in your opinion , explosives do n't have kill radius and maim radius that depends on payload . 
  fuck , my entire grenade launcher and explosives training i got in the army lied to me . 
  not to even mention basic physics . 
  or you just do n't have a clue . 
  i 'll go with latter , since former came from actual experts in the field who use relevant hardware . 
  edit : actually , you know what ? 
  i 'm going to hit you in the face in a way that you really wo n't be able to deny . 
  here 's the single biggest explosive payload ever detonated . 
  no cluster effect . 
  just a single bomb , and most of the impact was pure shockwave that came from explosion : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tsar_bomba payload matters . 
  size of it matters . 
  shaping the charge matters . 
  but all explosives weapons have a significant kill radius and maim radius . 
  actually in modern world , it looks like much of violence is in fact directed against those that are accused of `` hate speech '' in the same way that it is used to be directed against `` blasphemers '' . 
  consider the usage of term `` hate speech '' in modern world , and just how widely it 's used to silence people by fear of reprisals . 
  jonathan haidt from linked story has a very good pie chart that demonstrates this point : https://s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/spiked-online.com/images/jonathan_2.png, 
  obviously . 
  it 's not fun when construction workers in germany still get maimed and killed by allied bombs . 
  cluster munitions simply increase the risk by increasing the amount of explosives per bomb . 
  actual bombs however kill and maim in significant radius regardless . 
  take us drone strikes for example . 
  they have n't used cluster munitions for a while , and they try to actually shrink their payloads . 
  and yet it 's still common for a single missile to blow up dosens of civilians around the target . 
  this is a reality of explosives .
