  which leads to my oroginal conclusion of references to those being either stupidity or propaganda . 
  term `` civilized country '' used in this way is typically a descriptor of a state that does not conform to your wishes . 
  in real life on the other hand , civilization level has nothing to do with bending over to fulfil desires of others . 
  in fact , our entire civilization was built on not conforming with desires of others and instead pushing out own agenda . 
  by your own logic , no country in the world is civilized , as no reasonable country would accept demands of another country that cause them significant problems without demanding equivalent compensation in return . 
  this applies to every european state including our own for obvious reasons . 
  one should not throw stones when one lives in a glass house . 
  you are incorrect . 
  there is a specific set of international agreements that formulate international law . 
  these are in fact codified and are written rules , as all laws on such level must be to ensure that common ground has any chance to be found to resolve disputes , which is the main purpose of legislation . 
  non-exhaustive list of codified parts of international law follows : 1 . 
  vienna convention on the law of treaties 2 . 
  admiralty law ( codified in legislation of individual states and international agreements currently under imo ) 3 . international criminal law ( codified across multiple agreements ) 4 . 
  law of war ( codified in hague convention of 1907 , united nations charter article 2 , geneva conventions and some others ) . 
  5 . international human rights law ( codified in un under vienna declaration of 1993 ) . 
  and the most relevant one to the story , refugee law , codified both in un convention relating to the status of refugees and un protocol relating to the status of refugees . 
  international law differs significantly from national law in enforcement , as participation in their frameworks is strictly voluntary and requires state to be a signatory to specific treaties and agreements to be bound by those . 
  additionally implementation and interpretation of international law varies wildly among signatory states , often resulting in diametrically opposing legislation . 
  example : gay marriage rights being viewed as being codified in universal declaration of human rights by proponents of gay marriage , and gay right to marriage being viewed as being in conflict with human right to marriage by opponents , both of which are acceptable interpretations of relevant legal text . 
  the only sources that would claim international law to not be codified are typically propagandist sources that wish to use term `` international law '' for various nefarious purposes it does not support , such as to turn public against certain sovereign states for purposes of military or financial attack on said sovereign state . 
  `` unwritten rules of international community '' are another way of saying `` i want things to be this way and they are not '' . 
  there are no such rules . 
  there are actual specific international laws and treaties that form the legal framework of international community . 
  just like with all other legislation , if it is not legislated , it is not a `` rule of international community '' , nor does it mean that state is a `` rogue state '' for not acting according to these `` unwritten rules '' . 
  `` rogue state '' in general is a propagandist term that has no meaning in actual legal terminology of international community . 
  this is another part where us citizen simply can not comprehend the difference between the two cultures . 
  in most european cultures , `` guns on the streets '' does n't mean firing weapons on the street . 
  it means actually being able to take the gun out of your home and carry it on the street , concealed or not . 
  which is expressly forbidden outside certain very specific exceptions in most eu states . 
  really now ? 
  do show me the exact treaty and law that dictates that state must allow entry for its own citizenry that has power to compel the said state . 
  you wo n't find one . 
  state have sovereign power over their borders , and the only thing citizen can do is appeal to power structures of the state to be allowed entry . 
  if these structures choose to ignore or reject said person , he has no recourse , and power structures of another state can not help him , unless they are willing to challenge sovereignty of original state . 
  in case you do n't understand the terminology . 
  rejecting sovereignty of a state means going to war with it . 
  correct . 
  sovereign states have control of their borders and are fully within their rights to refuse entry to anyone they wish and no outside state has a legal power to force this upon them . 
  north african states choose to exercise this right to block entry of any person that are being deported from europe . 
  here 's an english translation of der spiegel story on the issue : http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/germans-ask-if-country-is-still-safe-after-cologne-attacks-a-1073165.html#ref=rss in a nutshell : just because a foreign state and its courts decide that it wants to send some people your way does not mean that you have a legal obligation to take them . 
  germans are extremely law-abiding . 
  it 's deeply ingrained in their culture . 
  we are not `` against guns '' . 
  we have a gun culture that is very different from us gun culture however . 
  around here , owning a gun is something that comes with a great responsibility , and you can not take that gun out to carry with you on the street . 
  the goal of gun ownership is typically hunting , shooting hobby or practice for homeland defence . 
  this is in sharp contrast to us gun culture where owning guns is about having a right to carry them with you on the street , and using them to defend yourself against other people and the state itself . 
  this has to do with history of us being vastly different from that of european states . 
  it wo n't work , because these people are mostly from north africa , and northern african states do not accept these people back . 
  so you get a scenario where you can not deport these people on your own because country you wish to deport them to will not accept them . 
  as such , these decisions are nothing but pr . 
  i 'm actually not . 
  if you go point by point on the opinions of polish political parties , you 'll note that their former leftist government advocated for policies similar to those advocated for by our kansallinen kokoomus , while their current government advocates for policies more nationalist than even folks like immonen in perussuomalaiset . 
  you have to also take difference between our points of view into the consideration . 
  original poster was from poland judging by his flair . 
  to him , our right wing parties are `` strongly leaning left '' , and our media is `` extremist left '' . 
  as i noted , `` leaning left '' and `` being ultra progressive '' are two very different things . 
  ultra progressive movement does use ostracism and as such often claims that they are the `` only correct left movement '' as a tool of ostracism . 
  that does n't make their claims true . 
  the main diffence between the two is that left movement promotes equality and human rights , whereas ultra progressive movement assigns different value to different people based on how much they have suffered in their perception . 
  in this regard , that particular movement appears to have its roots in christian dogma of original sin , for which those who suffer least must atone by surrendering their rights before those who suffered more . 
  not at all . 
  a good example is reaction of the public to refugee crisis , where swedes all the way up to the top talked about it as an `` opportunity '' and anyone claiming otherwise was ostracised for months until the recent tearful show by pm . 
  norway and finland have been far more reasonable , and denmark has been very anti-immigration from the start . 
  iceland does n't really figure in because there 's no easy land route to them . 
  norwegian journalists are leftist . 
  from polish point of view , entire fennoscandia is ultra leftist . 
  what they are not however , is ideologically ultra-progressive . 
  that particular movement is in focused on `` one that is suffering the most is the one we should support '' . 
  since victims of rape are judged to be higher on the totem pole of suffering than men of colour that come to the country , men of colour are protected from women and their accusations . 
  system is maintained by methods mostly used by extremist femisnism , that is ostracism of those who break the internal rules of the system . 
  this particular movement is completely integrated into swedish power structures throughout . 
  this degree of penetration of power structures is currently unique to sweden , and all three surrounding nordics view it as odd . 
  they do . 
  you can however fight to a draw , which is what most states use resources for . 
  crimean khanate is an excellent example of state built purely on conquest and slavery that lost and went extinct . 
  as it lost it 's slaving efficiency , it was eventually destroyed . 
  water is much warmer . 
  at that point , probably at least 30 degrees warmer . 
  i 'll just point out that this claim : `` chal\u00e1nkov\u00e1 , a czech member of the parliament , claims her sources of information are trustworthy and reliable . '', 
  is patently false . 
  unless she managed to somehow corrupt one of the child protection officials to break their vow of silence and got access to actual evidence of the case , chance of which i would rate as high as that of `` snowball 's chance of surviving in hell '' , the only source she has is parents . 
  vikings expanded all the way down to what is now russia , due to river access . 
  that 's how they reached constantinople for purposes of trade . 
  as noted before , i utterly reject the concept of `` original sin '' in all its forms . 
  it 's a self-harming ideology and people that adapt it need psychological councelling . 
  portugal effectively collapsed after it lost colonial and barely stayed independent . 
  scotland collapsed to the point where it could no longer maintain independence . 
  france was successful in its colonial endeavours and had enough to maintain itself . 
  germany was severely depressed in large part because of its lack of colonial success and one of the first moves it took after its success in european theatre in ww2 was to begin taking colonies from north africa . 
  then you have very little experience with people . 
  do n't reflect upon others what you think of yourself . 
  `` opportunity makes a thief '' does n't make people thieves . 
  trust but verify , and do n't set people for failures , and you 'll find that most people are generally trustworthy . 
  and frankly , do n't think that bad of yourself either . 
  that 's playing with depression . 
  i recommend visiting a psychologist about this issue . 
  that 's one heck of a guilt trip . 
  have you ever considered that people are actually good in general , and you do n't have to flagellate yourself quite that hard just because you think you 're not ? 
  most older car brakes are .
