  states like mine are . 
  to be fair , they do n't have much of a choice on that one . 
  no common fiscal policy between states , no common taxation rules . 
  the only common thing is central bank . 
  so that 's the only lever left to pull to try to control the slow slide back into recession . 
  is it a good thing in a long run ? 
  no , it 's likely to be disastrous . 
  but it 's the only tool left at this point that is n't going to be easily stopped by resistance at national level . 
  good luck explaining that . 
  there 's a reason why fake news work . 
  most people have no clue how complex issues outside their immediate expertise work , and like easy explanations . 
  `` look at my pretty charts , it 's growing '' is easy . 
  `` this is backed by massive qe , and charts are polished not to show the collapse that happened prior , from which most of these states are still recovering '' is hard . 
  those wondering who my comment was aimed at - it 's people like this person , who are plentiful in this reddit . 
  people who are genuinely of a belief that they * just know better than voters * and that to win politically , * all they need is to be allowed to re-educate stupid voters * . 
  criteria for being stupid obviously being `` did he vote like i wanted him to '' . 
  we walked this path in the past as species , and we know exactly where it leads . 
  something this type of people tries their best to ignore . 
  if it does n't work , then it does n't work . 
  try something else . 
  no people get hurt either way , unlike when you try to hack them with a machete . 
  if only we could re-educate them stupid voters . 
  and our great leader yosif stalin showed us the way . 
  nothing teaches idiots who dare to vote wrong like persecution based on political wrongthink , and gulags for the worst offenders . 
  get his quran . 
  smear it in his own excrement in front of him . 
  then burn it , close enough so he can clearly smell the nice mix of paper and excrement . 
  then move to feeding him bacon . 
  then inquire what he 's planning to do in islamic hell now that he 's a sinner and martyr 's death is unavailable as a path . 
  bring in imam that will offer absolution in exchange for information . 
  do n't ever need to even touch him , so eternally triggered `` but muh values '' squad ca n't call it `` torture '' without getting so far out of mainstream 's thought process that even mainstream media will have to look at them funny . 
  french military uses famas as their main assault rifle . 
  that 's chambered with 5,56 mm round , which is designed to maim rather than kill . 
  add to that accessibility to quick medical care and his chances of dying were n't all that good . 
  police in egypt are quite a bit more likely to end you . 
  if you want to be extra sure , go to sinai . 
  soldier who shot him was clearly a racist . 
  did n't you hear this poor young man 's father ? 
  this poster gets it . 
  the single worst thing you can do with protests is use force that is not sufficient for their full suppression , but visible enough to get more people to join protests . 
  it works like drug resistance . 
  you either let immune system handle problem naturally , or you go full out and crush the problem with overwhelming force . 
  otherwise it simply adapts and grows , and you have to escalate the force applied . 
  and if you keep using insufficient force like an idiot , you get maidan . 
  baltic is not deep enough to hide them , and exit from baltic is completely locked down and monitored by essentially everyone with interest in it . 
  neither you nor us are in any position to run submarine-based nuclear deterrent . 
  the main reason why china is trying to push us military out of south china sea is that exact problem - their subs currently have to run the gauntlet of shallows of south china sea to get to safety of pacific , which is monitored through and through . 
  if you want that kind of deterrent , far better consideration is medium range reasonably portable tactical grade missiles that you hide in the forests . 
  you do n't need huge strategic grade missiles because you 're right near your belligerent 's biggest population centres . 
  the sheer degree of dehumanisation of relevant people here is downright frightening . 
  no one really is a full on `` communist '' or `` capitalist '' . 
  those who are are extremes , and types who buy into those ideologies to that extent usually have such distinct disconnect with the world that they either go violent or insane or both . 
  world simply does n't support `` purist '' application of either system in a meaningful capacity beyond a small tribal group . 
  widespread corruption itself is rarely about a political system . 
  communism and capitalism both suffer from corruption . 
  issue if far more often the underlying culture , and that is very slow to change . 
  you 're looking at a multi-generational project . 
  that means decades at best , and likely centuries of work for change , work that is very easy to undo and very hard to push for . 
  in this regard , new parties may be a sign of slow cultural shift . 
  or they may be a sign of absolutely nothing but the fact that new faces came to continue with status quo . 
  it 's not a problem . 
  process of growth is individual , and not everyone grows in terms of their character at the same speed . 
  some people remain mentally stunted in some respects for their entire lives , and there are quite a few good example of very eccentric people of this kind especially among elite 's children who are often never faced with stress needed for personal growth . 
  hence the rephrasing of the saying above to `` if he was n't a communist at 20 , i would have thrown him out , if he did n't grow out of it by 30 , i would have disinherited him '' as said by certain british aristocrat about his son . 
  in this regard , confusing stages of growing up as a person and cultural background in a country is not going to be a very productive line of thinking in my opinion . 
  again , small but important correction : communism is extreme left , socialism is between centre left and far left . 
  final question : what was the chief basis for far left communist-socialist regime of ussr for putting people in the gulags ? 
  not quite but close . 
  they were prison camps , commonly used to house people that had wrong political opinions . 
  moving on , remind me , where in the political left-right spectrum does the mix of communism and socialism practiced by soviet union lies ? 
  i used it to refer to its actual meaning . 
  do you not know what `` gulag '' is ? 
  again , you 're assuming that people do not change their minds on many things as they grow older and gain experience . 
  it 's a common mistake young adults make , just like assuming that feelings are the most important thing in the world is a common mistake that teenagers make . 
  both are phases you grow out of . 
  the fact that you have to pretend really hard that i addressed le pen as a factor in this discussion on security action at all in this thread puts a nail in the coffin of your argument . 
  i would n't care if it was trump , merkel or whoever from whereverstan . 
  i was specifically talking about security mess that occurred , and security actions taken . 
  the fact that you genuinely even for a second think that vip him/herself is directly connected and somehow leads the specific nature of security action taken to protect him/her from someone seeking to mob him/her in such a public situation underscores your ignorance of the subject . 
  it also underscores the fact that you 're here merely to assign guilt to the political party you do n't like , even though that party was merely the victim of the action taken by perpetrator , and has no other relation to the situation . 
  because really , fuck princess diana and all the actions her security had to take against this kind of reporter . 
  she 's clearly guilty of abuses , right mr. `` target of reporter 's mobbing attempt is the one responsible for security action taken to remove the reporter as a threat to vip '' ? 
  better question : how do romanians go about fixing the cultural aspects that allowed government that thought passing such a degree is a good thing get elected ? 
  here 's a thing . 
  when you get older , you 'll think like them . 
  remember famous churchill 's quote `` if you 're not a communist in your youth , you have no heart . 
  if you 're not conservative in your old age , you have no brain '' . 
  so get to dying yourself , because you 're going to be part of the `` problem '' soon . 
  hold on . 
  you try to shove alternative version of what happened that does not match what is seen in the video . 
  i point out that i draw my factual observation from the video itself , and note that you accidentally let it slip that you do in fact agree with my facts . 
  and you use that to claim that i have `` alternate facts '' ? 
  talk about being desperate . 
  it 's alarming how quickly formerly reliable mainstream outlets fell into the hands of extremist leftists , who are utterly desperate to rewrite history itself to fit their narratives . 
  reminder for those who do n't know : statue of liberty was given to us by france , and us basically disconnected itself from much of the world until world world one . 
  trump 's ideology of `` america first '' is in fact drawn from that specific time . 
  if anything , he 's simply returning to the values represented by that statue . 
   there are scarce comments from `` citizens '' on social media supporting them and condemning the protests but we all agree that the vast majority of them are fake accounts part of their propaganda machine . 
  if you think that `` i asked people who agree with me , and all of them agree with me , therefore there are no people who disagree with me '' convinces bystanders , you have a problem . 
  that 's the worst narrative you can push .
