  and actually they did have significant autonomy , which also includes russia . 
  that 's why they had their own internal leadership with their own leadership ties . 
  heck , the entire case of crimea going to ukraine was about pleasing the leadership of ukrainian ssr after stalin 's death , as to gain their support in the infighting of soviet union 's federal elites . 
   most of wooden houses are n't build in the open , but in factories and transported in modules . 
  patently false for cases of actual apartment building and large halls . 
  modularizing these to extent where they were self-contained would require transit infrastructure that does n't exist . 
  it 's not even true for most smaller houses , at least here in finland . 
  i routinely see new houses being built at the city i live in , and construction materials including wood are routinely left outside as they wait to be incorporated into the structure . 
  prebuilt houses are very much a rarity even today . 
  especially since we have a long tradition of people building their own home in rural areas , which remains with them as they urbanize for at least a couple of generations . 
  ussr in many ways did not work in russia 's interests . 
  huge amounts of russian resources were siphoned from it to develop far less developed central asian ssrs for example . 
  russia and russians typically always ended up suffering the most under the more violent ussr dictators such as stalin . 
  like most federal states consisting of many fairly autonomous republics , it works towards what central leadership perceives as common goals for every member , even when it 's patently against goals of some of the members . 
  as estonian , you should know of examples of this behaviour quite well . 
  the only problem you have is projection of this upon russians , even when both people ordering the actions and people leading the execution on the ground are n't . 
  which notably was stalin 's policy . 
  never have locals from region or any people close enough to them to sympathize with them conductive punitive actions . 
  the tirpitz that basically occupied the entire british naval bombing force to focus all they had at beginning of the war just to lock it down as they had no weapons to really hurt it , and later much of their northern ground based bomber force to keep doing the same , through they at least had the weapons capable of harming it ? 
  same tirpitz that made all convoys in the region be constantly afraid of it and avoiding it ? 
  same tirpitz that had absolutely ancient turtle armour scheme , which ultimately lead to its destruction ? 
  i have been a war nerd for well over two decades at this point dear . 
  `` wikipedia-fu '' applies to people who do n't even know the details of the very examples they choose to use , such as yourself . 
  actually it 's just in top 5 . http://www.nationmaster.com/country-info/stats/crime/rape-rate which of course relies on proper reporting , and we know how reporting `` rape '' works for livestock that is women in islamist states . 
  the stuff is going to be in the rain during construction . 
  have you never been to a construction site during the construction ? 
  internal parts are exposed to the elements until roofing is build , and construction materials are exposed to the elements during storage , transit and often storage on building site until they are incorporated into the structure . 
  i know for a fact that wood being sent for construction is typically treated with at least anti-fungus chemicals . 
  this is because there 's a significant risk that wood will get penetrated by various parasitic fungi during transportation and storage , which will weaken structural integrity of the product . 
  indeed , me and every single battleship designed in history . 
  since they actually armoured the top deck ever since targeting systems got goot enough for breeching fire to become a distinct possibility . 
  not to even mention that side armour that was used even before that . 
  since ap shells just penetrate it anyway , so much ignorance in making battleships , especially latter ones so heavily armoured . 
  such a waste of steel . 
  but / u/baneken says this armour is pointless and shell is going to go right through , so it must be so . 
  i 'm genuinely amused . 
  thanks . 
  having actually lived and worked in old farm buildings from 1800s on several summers during summer jobs , i can testify that this is a simple impossibility . 
  any `` smell of fresh resin '' is likely a smell of whatever care product is being used on the wood . 
  heck , if you use basic logic , you 'll figure out that smell comes from particulates that split from the wood into the air and get inhaled . 
  that would dictate that wood would lose that amount of material . 
  to consntantly smell of `` fresh resin '' , you need a constant supply of it . 
  without such supply , wood would very quickly run out of it . 
  so russian empire was destroyed in the civil war that started in 1917 . 
  it does n't exist . 
  or are you going to whine about holy roman empire 's imperialism next ? 
  we 're pivoting to the initial point on which article is made . 
  consider reading it . 
  and no , wood has no such special properties . 
  it 's just that timber related industry is one of the biggest industries in the country , so they are always pushing for more ways to utilize their products . 
  it 's helpful that we have an ample source of building material obviously , as that means less imports and more economic activity at home . 
  choice # 3 : note that we were talking about `` russian imperialism '' in ussr , and note that ussr is not russia . 
  the sheer fact that ussr also stands for ukrainian soviet socialist republic pretty much summarises my point in fact . 
  which makes your attempts of white-washing your own history quite hilarious . 
  so i guess we 're done here . 
  perhaps you missed my point . 
  we have such teams . 
  a lot of them . 
  we still have a large amount of public buildings that have severe mould problems , to the point where many public school buildings had to be evacuated because of it . 
  this is essentially one of the attempts to resolve the problem through usage of different materials . 
  using the same building teams and same experts . 
  connect the dots . 
  if you have to do this in the first place , it would be easier to do so using steel and concrete . 
  the entire point of building the said building out of timber is to avoid having to do these procedures which are very challenging in the climate we have . 
  we have a lot of mould problems in large public buildings specifically because we need significant amount of isolation due to cold winters , but also airing of spaces supposed to handle isolation due to high humidity during spring and autumn and readily available mould spores in the air . 
   yeah please tell me how reading a wikipedia article is the same as living there it would help if your reply would at least consist of a coherent thought , so one could understand what you are saying . 
  the sheer amount of ignorance in this statement is amazing . 
  ooookay . 
  so in your opinion , ussr is russia . 
  so , do you think that us is california too , or is this stupidity of yours limited to only one state ? 
  not only that , but these spaces were typically sealed and buried . 
  those that were n't properly sealed did n't get preserved all that well . 
  that 's why findings of fairly well preserved items are not all that common . 
  decayed items are far more common . 
  refer to the original point about apartment buildings . 
  problem : in this specific case , the entire reason for using wood for construction is prodigious amount of moisture on the surfaces causing growth of mould . 
  it is . 
  your entire example is based around creation of specific enclosed very dry space as to prevent natural decay as much as possible . 
  this does n't happen in spaces not largely isolated from humidity that comes from earth 's atmosphere in places where many people live . 
   calm your butthurt , please . 
  `` dear pot , i 'm kettle . 
  you 're black . '', 
   yes . 
  and that 's was you who tried to connect nationality of leader and imperialism . 
  as we see from history it was the mistake . 
  so calm yourself and just make the apology for the mistake . 
  you failed to present any evidence that this was a mistake that was n't debunked above . 
  as you did n't present any new evidence , i guess you conceded this point . 
   nope . 
  you just have problem with logic . 
  nope . 
  you just have problems with logic . 
  you know , if you repeat it for the third time , you might actually convince yourself . 
  you do realise you 're talking about enclosed buried space that is entirely separate from main atmosphere ? 
  not at all . 
  it 's only 73m x 20m . 
  http://www.parliament.uk/about/living-heritage/building/palace/westminsterhall/architecture/early-history/ in many indoor sports , 20m is the typical width of the field , and you need additional horizontal space for safety reasons alone , not to even mention potential additional gear for other activities that is usually located there . 
  battleship decks were made of wood because of economy reasons . 
  steel is far more valuable than wood . 
  but then you get properly fused ap shell punch through the weak wooden deck into the ship 's citadel and you lose the ship .
