  we had a proper beach smoke sauna rented , pushed it to ~ 125c , covered the meter and let them in with drinks . 
  they freaked when we took the cover off the meter :d, 
  indeed . 
  i 've had quite a few friends who moved out of main cities because price of property outside main hubs is going down . 
  but that carries a downside , as economic development process is about urbanisation , so it 's pretty much `` be in one of the  100k cities , or lose money by buying your house '' . 
  which is the point i was making . 
  to be able to afford lifestyle like this outside the main large cities requires a very good job , of which there are fewer and fewer outside the main urban centres , or ownership of a successful small business . 
  that is not something average person can reach in their 30s . 
  for most , that level of comfort comes a couple of decades later . 
  at one point in turkey 's history , it was overwhelmingly christian . 
  this romanticised version of ottoman invasion and islamic world in general is getting tiresome . 
  they were the key players in properly industrialized slavery , and the key players in institutionalizing systemic slave raiding , systemic child theft and forced conversions . 
  most people who had to live under them hates them to this day for those atrocities . 
  because there 's a limit to what you can do in a single war . 
  even if you go above and beyond . 
  ottomans on the other hand were brutal over hundreds of years , and not because individual ruler was particularly bad , but because the system in the state was aimed to produce that level of brutality . 
  vlad the impaler died and those that came after him were n't nearly as brutal as he . 
  ottoman empire persisted through centuries , and was brutal throughout its history . 
  i did n't say anything of the sort . 
  my point was that both costs of living and salaries that far out of main growth regions are lower . 
  in larger cities , certainly . 
  in smaller ones , not so much . 
  both cost of living and salaries in smaller cities are notably lower . 
  also known as parenting :d . that 's at least half of it . 
  probably more . 
  it gets better when they grow a bit . 
  many of the residential saunas are actually pretty weak , but most people do n't really expect a proper smoke sauna experience from them either . 
  in a proper smoke sauna , you can easily push to 110c . 
  now that is a good experience . 
  he 's pretty much an upper class , as he 's a company owner . 
  most people around here are middle class , and a whole lot less wealthy . 
  they can reach the same wealth level , but when they are ten to twenty years older , provided they do n't get divorced or go stupid on spending instead of saving . 
  overall , it 's a good country if you have your stuff together like op does . 
  but probably not quite as well off . 
  considering that you just called ottoman turks from 600 years ago `` nomadic '' in a discussion about historic facts from that age , we 're done talking . 
  someone with that much ignorance about relevant historic facts is n't worth talking with . 
  if you wish to continue with this discourse , i recommend reading up on relevant history period so that you have some basis for arguments . 
  of course , that would likely make you comprehend that your initial claim is in fact that of false equivalence , and that i 'm correct in quoting historic facts as the reason . 
  false equivalence . 
  ottoman invasion was exceptionally bloody and brutal . 
  i 'm talking about concrete historic facts , not generalist platitudes . 
  historic reasons . 
  last time turks was allowed in europe , they raped their way to vienna over hundreds of years . 
  of course it is . 
  in a meme-filled head of a sad and simple person that sees the world in black and white . 
  actually this is likely a wrong thing to do . 
  right thing to do would be to infiltrate those sites , locate , track and monitor those who use them to glorify terrorism , and then go after them . 
  these sites are a symptom of islamism . 
  security apparatus needs to treat the cancer itself , not the cough it produces . 
  hitler only took about 20 % of total votes to get in power . 
  this argument of `` this many did n't vote '' has no relevance whatsoever on person 's power . 
  it 's the ability to get enough votes to enact political machinations to get significant political power within the government that matters . 
  your argument is completely comparable to argument of liberals in germany in early 1930s . 
   i 'm not arguing in bad faith at all , russian officers are proven liars i like how you manage to successfully contradict yourself so quickly . 
  you are utterly ignorant of history if you think that your forefathers `` gave us a regiment '' . 
  they did n't . 
  volunteers came on their own . 
  as for `` loyalty '' , the biggest atrocity in finnish history to day is known as `` isoviha '' . 
  that translates to `` big hate '' . 
  that 's when russians took vengeance on finns for swedish actions of mass slavery and mass murder of russians in decades prior . 
  swedes obviously hid behind us , as they always did and did n't suffer the brunt of consequences for their atrocities at the time . 
  so it 's not about `` alliance '' . 
  it 's about you hiding behind us , knowing we 'll take care of the problem , while doing little to nothing to help . 
  which continues to this day , with your running down of your military in last few decades , knowing that we have universal conscription among males and voluntary among females , so as usual , we 'll hold the front . 
  even through your mass media screams about evil russians . 
  guess who they have to come through to get to you ? 
  yeah . 
  your attitude is demonstrative on why i 'm insisting in paying my respects to volunteers and their support structure , and not mainstream people such as yourself . 
  under the thin veneer of supposed sympathy , there runs a deep feeling of smug superiority and blatant racism towards your eastern neighbours . 
  after all , we 're just your former colony , to be raped and crusaded at your will , and to lay down our lives to defend you . 
  and if a few of your countrymen see your actions as deplorable and come to help , well , you 'll just appropriate their accomplishments as your own . 
  i have never in my entire life voted right wing . 
  i 'm staunchly socialist and liberal . 
  i 'm in my thirties . 
  your desperate character assassination attempts are demonstrative of your lack of arguments on topic . 
  overwhelmingly so . 
  sweden made a huge point of staying neutral in the conflict , and all the help , as little of it as came was very much against the mainstream which dictated neutrality and not intervening in the conflict . 
  that 's why i raise my hat to the volunteers and most certainly not the swedish government and mainstream society , which continues to view finland as an expendable safety buffer against russia . 
  if you wish , i can cite you massive body of historic evidence of this , that starts back with swedish crusades into finland as it made a territorial grab when muscovite russia was weakened by mongol-tatar yoke and has n't ended to this date . 
  really now ? 
  assaulting and defending recently taken positions is not useful for invading ? 
  who is the tactician/strategist you can reference to support this utterly idiotic claim ? 
  this does n't even address the fact that russians have the exact same claim , on the exact same merits , which suggests that you do understand this fact and are arguing in bad faith . 
  extrapolation is meaningless only if practised on single case scenarios . 
  in this case , it 's done as a statistical analysis to the existing long running trend . 
  in fact , that 's the entire point of the said comic . 
  you ca n't do much with a single observation . 
  you need many statistical points to draw conclusions . 
  which we have in this case . 
  if you think i 'm wrong , feel free to hit the books . 
  or even fire off an email to randall munroe . 
  if he has time , he 'll likely be nice enough to explain to you why you are massively misrepresenting his position , turning his entire argument on its head in your ignorance . 
  most hilariously of all , you are actually guilty of the very thing you imply cerlic is guilty of . 
  extrapolation from a single point of data . 
  you are suggesting that just because extrapolation from single point of data is incorrect , all extrapolation is incorrect . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the massive bounce of militant islam across caucasus just occurred because `` saudis travelled there '' ? 
  hint : a few outisiders who try to preach aggressive , militant and violent theology get thrown out or arrested in places that are the way you suggest . 
  it was n't . 
  us intelligence correctly identified islam as excellent tool of state subversion , and ussr had to spend enormous amount of resources keeping a lid on it . 
  they mostly disarmed it to the point where today , if you want to see majority populations of muslims who have at least some kind of meaningful support for western liberal values , you 'll only find them in cis countries .
