   i forgot , this kind of ignorance is mostly due to some huntington stuff or some religion-based `` we '' concept . 
  unlike you , i make no presumptions of this kind . 
  i merely state the facts of your obvious ignorance and severe bias guiding it . 
   and yeah , i 'm sure an islamophil , while i dislike all abrahamic religions . 
  good luck with that mentality of you mate . 
  i mean you just seriously suggested that you can be an islamophile and dislike all abrahamic religions . 
  you literally stated that you are someone that loves x and that dislikes x. 
  because clearly you 're so stuck in the web of lies you 're weaving , you ca n't make sense of it yourself . 
  i have no words at the level of stupidity you demonstrated there . 
  in practice , it does n't matter . 
  they have no papers so nowhere to deport them back to , and they will simply vanish to reappear with new forged papers elsewhere if they sense a threat of deportation . 
  irrelevant . 
  they still ca n't be deported because of legal obstacles . 
  it 's almost impossible to deport a migrant if he knows how to spell or say the magical word `` asulym '' . 
  absurd but true . 
  while the parent is an obvious provocateur and should be treated as such , the premise of sending children away because half of their dna does n't belong to the pair rearing him/her is fairly common and has long roots in human history . 
  this is especially true in newly formed families . 
  it 's an age old tradition , person with child marries and sends the child to live with the former spouse to focus on rearing children with the new , and now preferred partner . 
  this is especially true to for women , as they have a far more powerful drive for discriminating in favour of getting best possible offspring , as they are the one with heavier investment into offspring . 
  please do n't project this hard . 
  even if you were extremely hateful because of personal betrayal in your own life , surely the child is not guilty of her mother 's crimes ? 
  before you go into full outrage , note that this is a marked improvement over the past . 
  between birth control , paternity tests , and frankly cultural expectations of women being completely different today than they were a century ago , we 're in a much better place in terms of women having to hide true father of their children from their spouse . 
   oh , i do wonder what it is as a half turkish cypriot with ethnic greek cypriot roots . 
  i do n't care about irrelevant bs . 
  why do you ? 
   are you aware that turkey is not turkish cypriots . 
  are you aware of the annexation of cyrpus , or the fact that people with guns matter ? 
  overall , i 'm done with you . 
  it 's clear that between morbid islamophilia , massive attempts to either derail the argument with utterly irrelevant anecdotal factoids and bold faced lies that oppose significant body of research , that you only have an interest at peddling an agenda . 
  that 's your right . 
  just do n't expect cheap peddlers of lies and hate such as youyrself to enjoy the any meaningful success on our continent any more . 
   he is n't wrong , it 's more likely people did n't understand than them voting for . 
  reason is simple , media coverage was pretty bad when it came to explaining the referendum properly . 
  ** ( in my eyes more people would 've voted no if they really knew what it was about . 
  ) ** i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  as i said , if you want to invent facts , find someone who has the time to go over sources to debunk them . 
  i lack it . 
  i am well aware of the state of the cypriot turks and what they did to greek cypriots . 
  i 'm equally well aware of what muslim bosniaks did to their opponents when they had the chance and what they are doing now to support the current islamism in europe . 
  all one needs to do is know recent history to know these facts . 
  they are not in dispute , outside perhaps turkey which was the main aggressor in the cyprus conflict . 
  comparing these people to finnish tatars who had essentially no connection with mainstream islam for over a century and are effectively no longer muslim from mainstream islam 's view but apostates , and who have zero violent tendencies toward mainstream is slander of gigantic proportions . 
  i will not stand for it . 
  go spread your message of hate elsewhere . 
   i happen to think that where there is a low turnout - below 50 % at least - you are n't talking about representative democracy any more . 
  google the terms you are using . 
  you are confusing homonyms . 
  wonderful . 
  let the state sponsored spam and robocalls begin . 
   turkic-tatar minorities at the european mainland are , well , as religious as finnish tatars , and turkish cypriots are most secular muslim community at the whole world - yet it 's like , nobody is really muslim . 
  in other news , sun rises from the west , earth is flat and is fights for freedom of all . 
  if you 're going to invent facts with this level of brazenness , please do so in your own corner and do n't waste everyone 's time . 
  do you know who you remind me of ? 
  the anti-eu folks who like to claim that in 100 % turnout , they 'd be in the government . 
  i have news for you . 
  sit down . 
  it is going to be shocking . 
  ** that is not how representative democracy works ** . 
   imo the whole referendum is undemocratic . 
  i rest my case . 
  i love how opinionated people are always mind readers . 
  in their own opinion . 
  i did . 
  it 's unfortunate that you lack the capacity to comprehend the message . 
  that appears like a sound argument for democracy and against the eu , as most states were not given such a referendum at relevant junctions of joining process . 
  that 's making a mockery of democratic process . 
  `` we know we 're in the minority , so we 'll abstain in hopes that entire referendum is declared invalid '' . 
  to have to stoop that low , that 's got ta sting . 
  i speak merely of tatar minority i know of in my country . 
  i in no way conflate it with albanians who are far more extremist , turks of any origin who are far more extremist , or potentially tatars that you may refer to , who might be closer to these people rather than to those that i know . 
  your claim of `` most bosnians being non-religious '' is nonsense . 
  there 's a reason why we had a massive civil wars upon dissolution of yugoslavia among religious lines . 
  there 's a reason why bosnia is the central hub of is style armed islamism in europe . 
  that being religiosity of people providing refuge and support networks for these people . 
   i can also found similar things for other abrahamic religions , though as we can see , there are muslim communities who are not related to any religious ideologies at all , even unlike many european christians . 
  it 's not like jews also talking about herem , or christians are talking about slavery . 
  you will not find the following in any of these religions : 1 . 
  our religion is the final religion . 
  no religion will come after ours . 
  leaving our religion is punishable by death to be administered in this specific way . 
  it is the duty of every adherent to participate in religious warfare and conquest . 
  these three aspects are the major differences in why islam as a death cult is far more dangerous , far more barbaric and far more insidious than christianity as a death cult . 
  jewish death cult never existed in the first place , as conversion to judaism is extremely complex , and leaving it is extremely simple by design . 
  to have a death cult centred on conquest in the first place , you need the opposite , present in islam and christianity . 
  the rest of your point is nonsensical babbling about european muslims being somehow more moderate than christians . 
  essentially every study says otherwise , and due to recent events , the studies are no longer censored nearly as much as they used to . 
  too much pressure from the masses getting tired of apologism . 
  again , christians for all their faults do not have a death cult with specific instructions on how to administer death , which is why for all their faults , they did n't mass murder those who brought us age of enlightenment . 
  islam practices this to this day , aggressively pursuing penalties for any who pursue it on all levels , ranging from grass roots to state level . 
  there is a reason why ambassador of every islamic state in the world came to rasmussen after the muhammad cartoons were published in a danish paper and openly collectively threatened him with violence should he not submit to them and their religion and interfere in basic human right of free speech in their country . 
  the threat of immediate and direct violence from islam 's death cult was so potent that most mainstream media in western world did n't dare to publish cartoons to this day . 
  almost every single one admitted to receiving overwhelming amount of threats of violence should they do so . 
  when similar acts of theological heresy are committed against other abrahamic religions , which is done routinely i might add , no such consequence occurs . 
  i will emphasize this one more time . 
  this islamophilic apologism that you espouse has become fairly popular in certain european circles , but is losing popularity rapidly is nonsense . 
  the problem is not `` radical islam '' . 
  the problem is `` mainstream islam '' . 
  radicals are those who break away from mainstream , and frankly should be given all support we can give them .
