  our political stance with russia has remained the same for many decades at this point . 
  we make it clear that nato is our choice , but we 're neutral . 
  they make it clear that nato is our choice , but if we join , they would have to react . 
  that 's not a threat . 
  it 's a statement of obvious fact . 
  barbarossa was real , and we participated in it . 
  the only reason leningrad was n't captured and us and great britain could use the arctic supply route through murmansk was because they were prepared and held off the mixed german and finnish assaults on the northern front during barbarossa and later . 
  right now , the only forces they have that are near our border and not there to counter a nato state in immediate vicinity are those in alakurtti . 
  and those are the forces meant to support arctic , essentially as support for murmansk and archangel against nato invasion from across the arctic . 
  we have a longer border with russia than entire rest of eu combined , and we have far less russian troops around it . 
  guess why ? 
  hint : it starts with `` n '' and we 're the only ones in eu who have border with russia and are not in it . 
  unlike with say , estonia , where they are reacting to estonian hysterics , which in turn causes us to pour scorn on you because the troops they put to counter us troops you bring in are close enough to our borders . 
  ( essentially verbatim translation of recent analysis of foreign policy in our region from our state broadcaster ) . 
  the actual optimal strategy would be to lay in defence and let the enemy kill their people until exhaustion point . 
  the main problem was inexperience of leaders , who were granted massive amounts of new , completely untested and not understood technology and simply did n't know what to do with it . 
  so they used it like they used to use troops from before this technology . 
  how do you know you 're talking to a child ? 
  he has no thoughts of his own to share , but is convinced of his wisdom . 
  i mean `` east '' . 
  as in `` east '' . 
  google the word , or find a compass . 
  and no . 
  the reason why those in eastern finland have much in common with russians in western russia is because their entire existence came from mixing of vikings and novgorodians . 
  that would be long before muscovy russia even existed as a state . 
  while western finns largely formed from descendants of vikings breeding with swedes of latter days . 
  and as the ground in the country is really hard to move in ( forests full of large predators ) , there was n't much crossbreeding between the two . 
  which is why when folks come to us to study effects of inbreeding , they study different illnesses in the east of the country and in the west . 
  but anyway , as you clearly admitted to the points i raised , so i guess the education has been delivered . 
  the `` bullshit '' in question was citing numbers from state broadcaster in a story where a bunch of noisy pro-nato kids tried to sell a story about 50/50 split for nato support . 
  it 's been 60 against / 20 for/20 undecided for many years now , and literally all i did was post the link to state broadcaster and note that poster was lying . 
  which started a ton of crying and temper tantrums . 
  because not terribly shockingly , just like with brexit , internet is full of young , dumb children who actually buy the propagandist narrative that has been peddled and genuinely believe that anyone that is n't in agreement is `` racist , sexist , etc '' . 
  how do i know they 're young ? 
  older people do n't care who you are . 
  they care if your opinion is valid . 
  identity politics is very much a millenial thing . 
  just like it is with you going off on `` oh , you 're not a finn ! '', 
  even if you were right , how does that in any way affect anything i say ? 
  identity of the one expressing opinions is by far the least relevant thing about the said opinion . 
  and the numbers among people in general ? 
  well , read yourself : http://yle.fi/uutiset/suomalaisten_nato-kannat_ennallaan__epavarmojen_osuus_kasvanut/8408558 overall , debunking idiocy and calling people on being stupid is a hobby of mine . 
  sometimes idiots are sufficient and noisy enough to give me `` negative internet points '' . 
  that 's ok . 
  i have thousands of karma to burn back on / r/suomi , as most people there are quite reasonable . 
  yes , i 'm a finn . 
  no , i 'm not a youngster any more - i was a youngster back when we did n't have internet , we had bbs . 
  so i have perspective many of you younger folks lack . 
  you remind me of young british `` remainers '' . 
  folks who genuinely think that just because ignorant young people are overrepresented on social media , they are also a majority among the populace . 
  and the actual majority are all `` evil racists , putinists , nazis , homophobes '' and other names that you can call people . 
  ww1 essentially ended when one side ran out of troops . 
  actual military tactics were just a path to reduction in the number of troops in the end . 
  pretty much . 
  make the two evil giants slug it out with one another , and stay out of it . 
  when one giant tries to get too pushy , remind them of the existence of the other . 
  military-wise that has roots in improvement of air power . 
  allied firebombing raids were especially at fault here . 
  essentially before it was just the civilians near the frontlines that suffered from actual military actions , in addition to those in potentially occupied territories with significant military presence . 
  air power shifted ability to strike thousands of kilometers behind front lines . 
  the biggest factor was obviously eugenics as a matter of quasi-religion and extermination policies of the reich , but we 're talking military tactics here , so it 's not as relevant . 
  stalingrad was a catastrophic failure point for ussr . 
  volga was the key oil route from oil fields in the south to battlefields in the north . 
  without it , war machines would come to a halt and germany would collapse the northern side of the front , taking st. petersburg , murmansk and likely even moscow , severing the arctic supply line completely and effectively winning the war on the eastern front . 
  you are utterly ignorant of your own country and history . 
  points : 1 . 
  genetic diversity within our country is such that we have a higher genetic difference between east and west of the country that east of the country has with those that live in russia and west with those that live in sweden . 
  we * gained * our independence from the east . 
  take a look at signatures that are on our declaration of independence . 
  you 'll find one saying `` v.i.lenin '' , and without his signature no one agreed to recognise us . 
  independence is something you obviously lose if you do n't defend it . 
  but it does nothing to detract from the fact that the first time we ever got our independence , no country in the west would n't even accept it until lenin signed it . 
  around half of our countrymen came from the east . 
  recognition of our language over imposed by the sword swedish came from the east . 
  our independence came from the east . 
  shall i continue ? 
  ww2 largely made sense from military perspective . 
  there was far less mindlessness in getting your soldiers killed . 
  most of the time , it was for a meaningful military objective . 
  a really nice take on remembering the extremely violent , almost mindless war . 
  remember , this was the war where generals would rush tens of thousands on a hopeless trench charge just to push the front a hundred meters . 
  which would be lost the next day by similar act by the other side . 
  that war was n't just terrible . 
  it was truly mindless in this regard . 
  but at least it taught us not to repeat the idiocy of pure trench warfare . 
  no , they are just the biggest empire . 
  they have no friends or enemies . 
  they just have interests . 
  it 's in our best interests to remain on their good side . 
  notably same applies to other empires . 
  they would n't want to attack us because numbers on last two attacks were the kind that made stalin , who was n't really known for caring for his troops balk at the losses and cutting to peace agreements . 
  twice . 
  we 're the classic `` low value , extreme cost '' target . 
  you may note that russian appetite for absorbing losses is far lesser than during the ww2 time . 
  especially since we represent even less strategic value to them now than we did back then . 
  it would obviously change if we went full retard estonia style and put us assault troops and heavy armour in two hour strike range of st. petersburg awakening fears of repeat of barbarossa from far worse positions from russia 's perspective . 
  but we 're not . 
  as i understand it , russia has implemented it 's own part long ago . 
  the problem is in kiev , and the fact that government there is on extremely shaky ground and in military terms exposed to ultra nationalists who would likely attack them should they implement the minsk agreement with frightening consequences . 
  so the deal is stuck in the limbo , and there 's nothing russia or west can do about it .
