  soviet trucks are actually so good , they were consistently winning various trucking rallies after the fall of ussr . 
  likely in part because they were built to withstand harsh road conditions . 
  and they had a shitload of them , more than enough to sell us finns surplus . 
  our army used to field them even back in 2000s , and they still worked , even if they were pretty much ancient at that point and broke down a lot . 
  and i know what it was like buying a car for personal use in ussr . 
  linking gawker is not going to win you any points on factuality . 
  common method was that you had a lottery at workplace for specific cars , and if you won , you got to buy a car . 
  since everything in ussr was about the collective and not the person , private automobiles were considered an anti-communist luxury , only afforded to those that performed well within the working collective . 
  the car was actually awarded to the collective , and it was the collective that essentially got to decide who was allowed to make that purchase . 
  it 's a very different model of thinking from ours . 
   you just provided your opinion that without being backed by facts has no scientific basis . 
  this is a discussion about religion . 
  not science . 
  i have provided facts . 
  you can fact check them yourself if you wish . 
  they are all up there . 
  interesting . 
  i 've had to work on some polish sites some years ago , though admittedly not in road building . 
  overwhelming majority of builders were russian , ukrainian and belarussian . 
  i 've observed similar thing in germany and uk , where overwhelming majority of builders were polish or other eastern europeans . 
  any idea what makes road building special ? 
   not only you forgot to give any sources for your unconventional claim false on merits . 
  south korea and north korea obviously rank top in the world in term of artillery . 
  even a cursory study of military on both sides of demarcation zone will lead to this conclusion , as artillery is the prime tool of warfare used by both in maintaining the deterrent in their stand-off . 
  hint : that 's why we 're buying korean , even if not their best and newest . 
  their artillery tech is best in the world . 
  it has to be , because of their situation on the ground . 
  both sides need to silence enemy batteries asap within the conflict , and one that manages to do so will win if conflict does erupt . 
  us artillery demonstrated its excellence in first iraq war , which is somewhat less known . 
  one of the major reasons why us had such an easy time on the ground was because us artillery was significantly more advanced , and they had excellent ground based radar systems for aiming ( partially lifted from their naval expertise , where us and uk have been pioneers since the early age of ww2 and all the way to today ) . 
  having artillery that outranged iraqi artillery by approximately 10km with extremely high quality guidance and counterbattery fire capabilities allowed us to smash border defenses rapidly and efficiently . 
  ussr/russian/ukrainian hardware demonstrated its capabilities in ukraine 's ongoing civil war . 
  both times when other side was making a breakthrough , indirect fire and counter battery fire into advancing side 's artillery was the main factor in victory . 
  relevant hardware , both guns and guidance systems demonstrated their excellence well . 
  now if you collate this information together , and read that story itself admits that we do n't even have counter-battery radars , and ones we 're buying from sweden and not even newest ones , and that the guns we 're buying are surplus south korean hardware ... you have to be an utter moron to think that this is going to be `` best in the world '' . 
  a descriptor that fits anyone that believes stuff that comes out of that rag after all the lying over last few years as it started doubling down on pushing specific policies supported by owners instead of factual reporting . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are trains that fit both loading gauges and can travel with no problems . 
  at least allegro train runs straight from helsinki to st. petersburg . 
  thanks for the link . 
  it was indeed . 
  not at all . 
  if you keep reading this thread , you 'll find a very informative discussion . 
  and start random witch hunts on people working there . 
  definitely no . 
  i 'm currently having an evening with a friend who works in logistics . 
  he basically told me the same thing you just did , and lamented that folks in his business really wish they had us levels of rail cargo efficiency . 
  something about eu policy having focused on putting people transit on rail , which disrupts rail cargo because passenger trains always take precedent over cargo . 
  so cargo ferrying over rail becomes somewhat less efficient . 
  there 's also some terminal end point related differences . 
  as a summary , us and cis countries are apparently ferrying large amounts of cargo mostly by rail , and eu mostly ferries large amounts of cargo by trucks as a matter of tradition . 
  i 'm even getting told that apparently one of the major reasons why passenger train transit never really got off the ground in us is intense lobbying by rail cargo companies who were afraid of losing efficiency . 
  is it really ? 
  i know rail does a lot here in northern europe , and one of the main reasons why us has such efficient logistics is ridiculous cost efficiency of their freight rail network . 
  also , interrail ? 
  computer expert doing the actual data extraction is rarely the same person that makes the call . 
  skill set needed for these roles is very different , and often almost mutually exclusive . 
  people with deep technical knowledge are commonly introverted , while person who does social part of the scam needs to be extroverted and well spoken . 
  did you really never read up on how fishing scams work ? 
  because they have been around for at least a decade if not more , and nowadays you can pretty much rent these services on various parts of darknet . 
  folks who do this for a living usually network together to form a structure that contains all relevant skills . 
  that 's how they stay ahead of their primary targets ' security measures as they evolve . 
  was n't that mostly because ussr age logistics across warsaw pact were moved by rail rather than highway ? 
  what european money and russian , ukrainian and belarussian road builders get you . 
  can you explain `` weed and satanists '' ? 
   if it has mainstream acceptance and control , it is mainstream . 
  you omit the obvious : depending on the time . 
  nazism was mainstream in 1930s . 
  communism from 1930s until 1990s . 
  political spectrum is still a spectrum and * fringe is still movements that are on the edges of said spectrum * . 
  you attempt to confuse this argument with argument of `` who is popular now '' in your usage of the word `` mainstream '' . 
  it is quite malicious . 
   i assume you are referring to this : you assume wrong , as you have every time so far . 
  i am referring to specific details of which arbitrary characteristics enjoy protection from discrimination by states under international law . 
  these characteristics include gender and ethnicity . 
  you consistently argue that labour has a right to violate these `` because its benevolent goals demand it '' . 
  this is the exact same excuse that overwhelming majority of bigots used to justify their bigotry . 
  times change . 
  form bigotry takes changes . 
  but excuses made by bigots - they apparently stay the same , as you consistently demonstrate above . 
  it 's always for a benevolent goal , for greater good . 
   you keep ignoring the statements made above , and your evidence is literally `` parties that call themselves in the name '' . 
  i have nothing to add , and you did not address this . 
  instead you used a large amount of weasel words such as `` nobody seriously perceives '' , `` perceived as a whole '' and so on to make it look like you did . 
  the progressive movement is just a fringe movement or  b. 
  the progressive movement has killed off and controls all leftist movements 1 . 
  these are not mutually exclusive statements as you attempt present them with `` or '' separator . 
  fringe can and historically often had mainstream acceptance and control over periods of time . 
  our time is no different . 
  my views are outlined in their rather significant complexity above . 
  i have nothing to add , nor can i simplify them . 
  if you are incapable of understanding them , that is on you . 
  in that case , perhaps it would be best if you avoided pretending you understand them . 
  especially in light of you pointedly misrepresenting them consistently so far . 
   this means that their goals are racist . 
  this would mean you 'd have to prove [ arbitrary terms you pull out of thin air to justify bigotry ] . 
  as noted above , the only universally accepted measurement stick is universal declaration of human rights . 
  therefore , to establish these specific forms of bigotry , i merely need to observe policy that goes against the factors outlined in universal declaration of human rights . 
  by the way , is this the time when i can point out that you are in fact * arguing consistently against the human rights as they are spelled in universal declaration of human rights ? 
  * every time i present it as a measuring stick , you keep saying that it 's a bad one and that you need your own measuring stick instead . 
  you keep ignoring the statements made above , and your evidence is literally `` parties that call themselves in the name '' .
