  current fake news and russian hacking debacle ) and germany 's longstanding problems with allowing unpopular speech , we 're looking at something far closer to previous poster 's interpretation than to yours . 
  because as noted above , it could n't have happened without significant western help given to oligarchs . 
  there 's a reason why so much of their money is in fact in the west . 
  as long as you keep your eyes and hands to yourself , you get to live even at 3.99 m. 
  fixed , thanks . 
  any day is `` get stabbed by a finn day '' with that attitude . 
  to be fair , many european nations did in fact `` hold their beer while they were there '' . 
  most of the serious injuries for example were operated in landstuhl in germany , next to ramstein air base . 
  it 's not exactly a secret that shia militias murder their way through reconquered towns . 
  human rights watch for example knows of the problem : https://www.hrw.org/news/2016/01/31/iraq-possible-war-crimes-shia-militia amnesty international largely agrees : https://www.alaraby.co.uk/english/news/2016/10/18/amnesty-international-accuses-iraq-pro-government-militias-of-war-crimes ocassionally news also leaks out when something pretty fucking huge happens and media ca n't fully ignore it . 
  then they make a story that does n't really get cross-linked anywhere , and bury it , like here : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/fallujah-isis-iraq-shia-militias-popular-mobilisation-battle-civilians-kidnapped-missing-massacred-a7121266.html it 's just never given any air time , and hrw/ai are obviously not allowed in the region to establish the facts . 
  just like in places like aleppo . 
  so just like on the front against syrian government , on the front against iraq , they extrapolate and use witness accounts . 
  in case of mosul , it 's much harder to get those . 
  is has no interest in showing weakness unlike the other sunni militants , and so no witnesses are actually available to interview , as the party that is leaking the information in aleppo - the sunni militants are not the kind that would work with heretical orgnisations like hrw on iraq 's side . 
  it does n't mean that this element is n't well documented and recognised . 
  it is , as noted in above links . 
  but propaganda machine does well to erase this from public consciousness to the point where this is getting aggressively rejected when pointed out as it has been occurring in this very thread . 
  that is what you call successful propaganda . 
  and you just shifted your argument from `` us foreign policy in other areas as seen from eu '' to `` eu foreign policy following us foreign policy regardless of region '' . 
  that 's bait and switch if i ever saw one . 
  skilled propaganda does n't focus on irrelevant things , such as those you listed . 
  europeans have no means nor significant interest in interfering with us policy in those areas . 
  as a result , that is used as an outlet for negativity . 
  one of the important parts of propaganda is allowing for negative feelings in relation to the object of propaganda to vent . 
  in areas of actual relevance , no such leniency is available . 
  and that is what i call winning the propaganda war . 
  reality on the ground rarely if ever leaks through the veil of propaganda . 
  sometimes , very rarely , it does leak , and you get short stories like this one : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/29/iraqi-shia-militias-tighten-noose-on-isis-with-mosul-offensive but in most cases , it 's utter silence about the fact that it 's the shia mitias that are in fact the party that is actually doing the heavy lifting on south-eastern is-iraq front and butchering through sunnis in the regions iraq recaptures as they take revenge for savagery of is . 
  it won it soundly , because so many people actually believe this . 
  in reality , russia is that country that bombed about 20 `` last hospitals '' in aleppo this year , while us and shia militias it supports mass murdered and raped their way through mosul in silence . 
  but to public , russia is that country that is savagely murdering babies and bombing hospitals in syria , whereas us is just waging a nice neat air war on terrorists . 
  that is what you call `` winning a propaganda war '' . 
  russia has nothing on west when it comes to propaganda - it 's a baby in the boxing ring with a heavyweight champion . 
  the only slight crack there has been in this is the fact that people are n't actually buying `` russia rigged the election '' wholesale in us . 
  at the same time however , the discussion on why trump won amidst the democrats has gone from `` what is wrong with the political left '' to `` russians are to blame '' on the left side of us political spectrum . 
  the problems that are present and are in desperate need of fixing to win back the working class vote are no longer being talked about in the same way they were starting being talked about . 
  again , tell me how this is not winning the propaganda war ? 
  and yet , you chose to sell this as anti-semitism . 
  hence :  i guess we found the shill . 
  i 'm fluent in that language and speak it without notable accent , among several others . 
  finnish education system + immersion in the culture from having parents that had to travel a lot for work does that to you . 
  let 's see : different route . 
  different demographics of migrants . 
  different route within europe . 
  do i need to go on ? 
  i did n't watch beyond the phase that was cited , so i have no idea . 
  i just looked at what was cited as `` anti-semitism '' , and it was the exact opposite - admiration of russian jews in usa and power they wield . 
  i 'll let you think about it . 
  guess we know who 's in the pocket of mafia . 
   4 - kindly read up on what people actually are , and how they are not comparable to ships . 
  5 - it is n't syrians that are the problem . 
  6 - geography cares , as do people trying to go through it . 
  balkan route has been largely plugged because of this . 
  7 - having poorer countries in the way and walls blocking off migration routes reduces the migratory pressure . 
  again , geography matters , and this is largely why balkan route is de facto dead . 
  greece is already choke full of migrants , so it has nothing to do with greek navy even if your insane comparison methodology was functional . 
  and they can not progress from there , because of 6 . 
  except that if you understand the language , it was the exact opposite of what it 's being spun as by the usual anti-russian propaganda pundits . 
  she was being appreciating of the fact that russian jews living in usa have significant amount of insider knowledge , and that her contacts with these people give her insight into local politics . 
  hence the applause . 
  spinning this as anti-semitism is utterly absurd . 
  granted after `` 130 % turnout for crimean elections '' claims with link to source being original video which had completely different numbers in russian , i 'm not surprised . 
  so you just seriously compared number of combat ships to number of people . 
  ok . 4 - kindly read up on what people actually are , and how they are not comparable to ships . 
  it 's not the greek border that is leaking today , and greece has no ground path through shengen states to rest of eu . 
  the story in a nutshell . 
  though apparently less of a `` moron '' , more of a sarcastic bitch , if story is to be believed . 
  edit : i should have watched the original video . 
  holy fuck . 
  this is a propaganda piece that literally spun white as black . 
  her point was that russian jews living in usa have significant power , and she is appreciative of that fact , and brags about her contacts with them . 
  there 's no way you can interpret it as anti-semitism . 
  none . 
  i could have picked better phrasing in hidnsight . 
  that is the benefit of living in a secular liberal society . 
  you can make that choice when it comes to your view of the world knowing you will not be persecuted for it . 
  people living in islamic world rarely have that kind of an option without fear of persecution . 
  as i note above , any search tools used with reddit are awful . 
  good luck trying on your own if you have many hours to burn , since you clearly know how to use relevant tools and appear to have interest in the subject . 
  notion strongly dependent on your views of what constitutes paradise . 
  many muslims disagree with your assessment , and come to hajj to the holiest sites , literally paradise on earth than are mecca and medina . 
  i have done so . 
  as noted , searching reddit is awful . 
  you can try your luck yourself if you wish , perhaps you 'll have better results than i. 
  as i noted , it was on this reddit some months ago . 
  good luck with your search . 
   that 's assuming that you actually have some power over the situation . 
  when you guys are being outnumbered 10,000 : 1 by people who have already decided to risk their lives , you have no power over the situation . 
  you need to study on : 1 . 
  basic math . 
  you are off by several orders of magnitude . 
  history . 
  massive invasions were stopped before . 
  even when there was a significant force of arms behind them . 
  geopolitics . 
  imagining that everything revolves around you is a really stupid way to think about the world . 
  the fact that you choose to draw supposed analogy to situation that has absolutely no commonality whatsoever to this situation twice merely reinforces the point that you genuinely lack understanding of basics of these concepts , all while desperately attempting to draw complex analogies . 
  as a result , you fail miserably . 
  additionally , you appear utterly unaware of the fact that your quote is still quite applicable , in the way i applied it .
