  i was referring to situation in balkans , where it is far worse . 
  does n't mean i ca n't put it as an example of hating on each other in a less violent way that may be a good way to get out of the current hate they have on the ground . 
  you think we did n't have that ? 
  one of the seminal events for our independence from swedes is called `` isoviha '' . 
  essentially sweden did some slave raiding in russia in early 1800s , and then when russian hit back with the same thing , they hid behind finland due to geography , so russians took revenge on finns instead . 
  we call them `` beloved neighbours '' , typically in a tone dripping with sarcasm so thick , you could superglue things with it . 
  let me put it this way . 
  you need to have more snowball fights , and less gun fights . 
  they do wonders to get over the problems in common history . 
  `` how 's it hanging '' ? 
   the british press condemend `` dangerous populists '' . 
  they were correct . 
  populist is someone that seeks to please the people , `` populus '' in latin . 
  in democracy that has universal suffrage , populist is someone who wishes to please as many of the people as possible . 
  to elitist , populist is an enemy . 
  to a democrat , he 's the highest ally in existence . 
  when you consider this , you 'll understand why british press at the time was factually correct in its assessment . 
  populism is a word that refers to leaders who do things to please people . 
  democracy by definition is supposed to be about pleasing people . 
  that makes populists by definition more democratic that those that stand against them . 
  a tough pill to swallow for many of winners of globalisation who just wish the plebs would shut up and get out of their sight . 
  the definitions presented by you from the study are exactly as i outlined them in my post above . 
  it 's funny when you yourself outlined the insane criteria you use to redefine the meaning of the word in question , and then complain at me for `` getting it wrong '' . 
  good grief . 
  pretty cut and dry case italy is a safe country . 
  these migrants have no right to cross border to switzerland . 
  and it was pretty obvious that with italy 's maritime borders leaking as hard as they were for last few months , bottlenecks on borders with france and switzerland would likely appear at some point . 
  especially now that we have learned from example of balkan route that closing borders is an effective defence against illegal migrant invasion . 
  is text on poland just a reserved space for when they figure out the brand , or is it actually called `` reserved '' ? 
  lc waikiki ? 
  what the heck greece , turkey and russia ? 
   how many athletes has the eu entered ? 
   i 'll tell you ... a fuck load more than we 'd have been allowed to if we 'd entered as a single eu . 
  a very correct point . 
  each nation gets a certain amount of athletes . 
  getting 28 times the quota , and only getting less than three times the medals is not a great vote of confidence . 
  eu is construct largely jumpstarted and created by us in effort to help lobbying france and germany in specific direction by lobbying a single bureaucracy instead of two smaller ones . 
  expecting it to stand up to us on major interests is quite silly , even though it has advanced quite far from its creation . 
  i keep getting reminded just how high the number of those speaking the official language from neighbouring country must be in most places to make it an official language in the region . 
  here in finland , both finnish and swedish must be displayed on all official signs if region has speakers from both languages and both language speakers form at least 8 % of total population , or if there 's at least 3000 of them . 
  and that 's for completely different languages . 
  serbian and croatian are almost the same language , and their respective speakers can actually understand each other while talking in their own language . 
  and yet , they still fight over it . 
  good grief . 
  you need to get over the bs and just live together in harmony and do what we do . 
  call each other nasty names and have snowball fights . 
  remind yourself what european states did when they thought plane of bolivia 's president held snowden on overflight . 
  the answer to the question you 're asking is `` yes '' in this regard . 
  and that is why we need to clamp down on ability to shift tax burden elsewhere like this . 
  want to have access to local pool of highly trained workforce ? 
  pay taxes locally . 
  these people do n't appear out of nowhere . 
  against confirmed and well documented genocide that eclipsed any past claimed genocide in brutality by a large margin , combined with attempted installation of wahabbist caliphate that conducted active raids and invasions of surrounding regions ? 
  honestly the bs being peddled by anti-russian lobby is reaching hysterical levels , to the point where a single look at relevant wikipedia page for first chechen war is enough to utterly debunk its claims . 
  when you call illegal migrants `` refugees '' , one can only wonder what 's your definition of `` xenophobe '' . 
  i 'm going to guess it 's anyone that is n't down with `` multiculturalism is the greatest thing ever '' attitude . 
  here in finland it 's so cold that many iraqi refugees literally ran back to iraq after they found out what the weather is actually like in winter . 
  no joke , that actually happened . 
  food is also apparently so bad that they demonstrated on the streets saying to reporter `` i would n't feed this to my dog , why am i being fed this '' while showing a plate of pretty standard meal you 'd find in a school cafeteria . 
  apparently , not up to their tastes equals not worth being fed to a dog . 
  we still have a problem with them though . 
  just not as big as our swedish neighbours . 
  you 're projecting massively . 
  i have demonstrated my capability of comprehending complex issues and communicating in long messages quite well in this thread , so this should be well beyond reproach , much less doubt of `` head hurt from too many words '' . 
  and you still have n't looked up what `` islam '' means . 
  that is why any dicussion with you on major complex details related to it is pointless . 
  it would be akin to talking about complex mathematics with someone who will tell you that there is actually no answer that exists for 2 +2 in mathematics in decimal system . 
  i read up to this :  in fact , you do understand that sharia law does not cover anything with regards to a person and his relationship to god right i have nothing left to say to you . 
  your ignorance and denial is beyond anything i can address verbally . 
  i will merely say one thing . 
  look up what `` islam '' means . 
  that is your relagionship to your god in islam , according to its laws . 
  it 's the exact opposite . 
  you are supposed to work efficiently for shorter workday so you can leave early . 
  the difference does n't lie in length of work , but in efficiency of work . 
  japanese and south koreans get roughtly same amount of work actually done as north europeans/germans , but take many more work hours to get it done . 
  it 's just the way work culture is set in those countries . 
  on the other hand in much of northern european states and germany , you 're expected to work very efficiently for 7-8 hours a day , and then you go and rest so you can be as efficient tomorrow . 
  ( please note : this are obvious generalisations applied to entire work culture as a whole , not to individuals ) . 
  i would point out that your logic chain , while absolutely correct from international law ( especially customary point ) has a single point of weakness in it that is rather critical :  so since you would need  80 % of countries to abandon the 1961 single narcotic drug convention and the 1971 convention and then every country to abandon the 1988 convention and until that you would have a country be in violation of international law , with the ability to enforce through the us and un . 
  that would require us to have both desire and capability to enfore this part of the treaty . 
  for example , for wealthy european states that are generally considered allies and are in nato , enforcement desire would run into problem with the very people who need to be responsible for it - militarists . 
  and these are people who would align interests of anti-narcotics lobby against geopolitical interest , and stonewall it instantly and permanently into limbo . 
  on the point of capability , you would have even worse problems . 
  forcible enforcement against a nato ally would have essentially every single government branch involved in foreign relations up in arms , in addition to extreme difficulties due to the way nato article 5 functions . 
  while we have precedent from cyprus war on intra-nato war action , such action on part of biggest security guarantor would effectively destroy the alliance . 
  essentially while you are correct de jure , de facto what you 're suggesting is an impossiblity for many participants in the treaty . 
  as wikipedia sets total population of crimea at 2.2 million , 1 million would be an utterly absurd number in relation to people from crimea . 
  i suspect the `` million refugees '' is more related to north african and middle eastern migrants coming with the current wave on the back of migrant crisis in europe . 
  so many weasel words . 
  i 'll simply re-iterate my points , which you go to great lengths to obfuscate : 1 . 
  basic tenets of islam are unchangeable and highly resistant to any kind of attempts to change them ( abrogation being the only useful tool , and almost impossible to use due to claims needed to make to use it ) . 
  as a result , sharia is not in fact changeable , which is why it 's as brutal as it seems today . 
  it 's an early iron age code of law . 
  of course it is . 
  i refer to international , legally binding agreements that are codified into laws . 
  that is exactly what you asked for , and what you for some reason choose to them ignore . 
  cairo declaration make a very clear statement that none of the human rights can trump sharia . 
  sharia specifically allows for enslavement of unbelievers , and sunna clearly shows that the profet was an active slaver . 
  his example is considered virtuous by any muslim .
