  right . 
  they know , and they do in fact drop low yield charges when necessary to warn them off . 
  the only odd thing is that you clearly do not have any information on how submarine territorial waters violations are typically handled and argue as if this is not happening . 
  i like how you extended the timeline from `` a few centuries '' to `` a millenia '' pretending really hard that those are the same things . 
  also , you chose to completely ignore the roots of people before the mongols , pretending that protoslavic peoples are not in fact ancestors of slavic people . 
  it is for us , because their long standing policy is alliance with sunni islamists ( except for the is ) and house of saud against iranian shiites and syrian allawites when it comes to syria . 
  russians are effectively driving the defeat of sunni islamists . 
  as such , they are a huge problem for us foreign policy . 
  not really . 
  before that , it was slavic , until a subsection of tatars known now as crimean tatars from retreating golden horde decided to turn it into the primary centre of slaving industry in europe . 
  until various slavic people finally choked them out , their slaving raids were on industrial scale for centuries . 
  poland alone was losing around 20.000 people on average every year for several centuries , and they were raiding all the way up to here in finland at their peak . 
  and their slaving was utterly brutal . 
  standard procedure was to attack the village , kill anyone that could n't survive walking trip back to crimea , and tie everyone else to tatar 's horses and force them to walk the way back to crimea while keeping the pace with the horses . 
  those who could n't make the trip were killed on the way . 
  it was utter savagery even by medieval standards . 
  a good demonstration of just how brutal these people were was the fact that crimea went from almost 100 % slavic to less than third slavic in about a century after crimean tatars conquered it . 
  as a result , most people do n't really like remembering how their ancestors were brutally slaved . 
  unlike the current `` reparations '' movements would like you to believe , there 's very little good to come from increasing hostilities between people because of what their ancestors did . 
  there were quite a few others . 
  uk for example assisted nationalist finns in attacking petrograd ( current st. petersburg ) . 
  man tasked with leading the defense of the city at the time was stalin , and he did n't forget his experiences . 
  as ussr was born , it was fighting on pretty much all fronts against various foreign invaders , west to east and across the south . 
  and mass murder and burning villages and cities , but let 's ignore the things that actually matter in military conquest and use feel good slogans instead . 
  worth noting that this is n't actually anything new . 
  the whole `` east to west brain drain '' has been ongoing across the europe for at least two decades at this point . 
  this is just demonstrative of the fact that russia is indeed a part of that trend . 
  i recommend that you go and watch that episode . 
  it goes over your complaint quite well in terms of how reality at that level actually works . 
  this is something that keeps surprising me . 
  has us propaganda on `` regulation is bad '' really reached europe beyond the `` weird americans doing weird american things , pick up popcorn and watch the drama unfold '' ? 
  here in the nordics , you do get occasional politician open their mouth to sing that tune , and overwhelming majority pretty much goes `` err , this is n't tv drama , what are you talking about ? 
  regulations are a part of life '' . 
  the main reason for `` jobless recovery '' is because of advancement of automation . 
  it has nothing to do with `` ebil guberment '' . 
  this is a very important point . 
  the single biggest problem in human societies over its history that was preventing advancement of society and creating intolerable living conditions and unrest has typically been the aristocracy . 
  aristocracy are the people who are below the king who inherit their position and their wealth , and are as such utterly disconnected from reality of working people who actually toil to improve the state and its conditions . 
  as such , they almost always have retaining of their position at the cost of the working people as their primary goal in life . 
  i upvoted you because of a good point on bin laden , but you last point is patently absurd . 
  mep 's represent interests of their respective electorates , parties , and to an extent governments . 
  eu foreign interests are largely a carbon copy of us foreign interests , and considering just how thoroughly eu politicians and institutions are spied on by us as revealed by snowden , they do n't really have much of a choice to dissent from us position on foreign policy items if they are in a position that matters . 
  doing so is bound to be quite detrimental to one 's political career in the long run , as folks who wo n't want you to advance in a career will have your entire closet worth of skeletons to provide your political competitors to attack you with . 
  this is actually a very good point . 
  as the uk expert on head to head show with rasmussen back when he was nato secretary general said , `` eu does n't have a foreign policy , it has us 's foreign policy '' . 
  if you 're interested in seeing that one , i recommend looking that show up on al jazeera english 's channel . 
  it was back during the period that channel was building audience , and it had amazing shows like head to head where they would interview very interesting people in a very attacking way toward their policies , alongside a 3 man expert panel that would provide relevant commentary . 
  as us tone gets more and more shrill and disconnected from reality due to escalation in syria , eu will inevitably follow like a lemming , regardless of its interests . 
  unfortunately . 
  do you at all understand how low yield depth charges work ? 
  guess not . 
  how else would you communicate to a submarine that it 's been spotted ? 
  low yield depth charges are universally accepted as reasonable method of doing so . 
  you appear to mistake me for someone who argues for free market . 
  i 'm not . 
  i am however pointing out that one of the points of free market is indeed allowing more efficient companies take out less efficient ones , which drives overall economic efficiency . 
  it 's extremely obvious from my second paragraph that there are quite a few reservations to this . 
  in a functional country , with strong institutions , police does not get attack with fire bombs over something like that . 
  they absolutely did . 
  anyone who has even cursory knowledge of the event knows that there was significant amount of incompetence simply due to lack of experience among the police on how to deal with situations like these . 
  which was worsened by the fact that terrorists behind the acts are exceptionally well trained , equipped , motivated and fully willing to die for their cause . 
  when terrorists have multiple armed men with both a trigger and a dead man switch on wired explosives that are in the room with hundreds of people , your options are very limited . 
  overall there 's very little you can do when a group like this takes a school , other than to try to save as many children as possible , knowing full well that many of them will die regardless of what you do , because there are well trained , well equipped people inside who will make them die regardless of your actions . 
  you seem to be forgetting support via heavy weaponry , namely air strikes commanded by us special forces on the ground . 
  libya showed very well just how incompetent most of these islamist militias really are without embedded heavy support . 
  and no , us soldiers embedded with them are not loved by those people . 
  we already have several videos on liveleaks that show us soldiers being spat on and threatened as they drive through towns that were `` liberated '' by al nusra et al with their assistance . 
  but they have to be there , because without heavy weapons platforms dropping heavy support from the sky , they keep losing . 
  us has too much of an investment on islamists to write it off . 
  tell me , how does this sound :  are you talking about this incident where russian soldiers shot the child hostages ? 
  russians managed to kill 385 children with their own hands . 
  do you really use `` these people killed hundred of children * with their own hands * '' in `` they went in and botched it up '' scenario ? 
  because you see , by that logic , we get to say the following : 1 . 
  us military went in and killed patients and doctors in afghanistan with their own hands . 
  us military routinely kills children in their anti-terror attacks with their own hands . 
  reality is , wording matters . 
  it 's extremely obvious to any dispassionate observer that this is a gross misrepresentation of these situations . 
  someone fucked up , things went very , very south . 
  that 's not something you call `` killing people with their own hands '' . 
  that 's something you call `` got caught in the crossfire '' , `` someone fucked up and they got killed '' , or in case of intentional choice to kill these to do do `` something that had to be done , but those death were n't desired and were actively tried to be avoided '' you call it `` collateral damage '' . 
  they leave all the dirty work to al nusra ? 
  pretty sure there 's at least some dirty work you have to do yourself when supporting one side in a civil war . 
  it 's a different thing if anyone allied with you will ever talk about it though , which unfortunately is the same thing in world of modern propaganda . 
  both sides have their shills , and both will claim that their side is morally superior . 
  truth on the other hand is the first victim of such a war . 
  nice . 
  you have a bunch of well trained terrorists with bombs using children as shields while threatening to blow all children up , and you 're presenting it as if special forces trying to save at least some of them as them intentionally killing children . 
  you know , even propagandist shills should draw a line somewhere . 
  and you did n't just step over the line . 
  you flew a damn jet over it . 
  it probably did n't . 
  routine strikes usually kill an extended family worth of children and no more than that . 
  their point being that in a civil war , everyone is a soldier . 
  it 's not wrong . 
  i have seen videos on liveleak of 8-year olds being trained in weapons usage by rebels ( alongside other wonderful things like smoking ) . 
  petrol bombs on the police that are sitting in their cars watching the neighbourhood peacefully ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  that 's civil war level of conflict . 
  what 's going on ? 
  that 's just not true .
