  nothing like a good dose of baseless accusations and hypocrisy to pretend you have n't lost the argument completely . 
  it 's very telling when after being provided with specific examples for specific claims , other party chooses to address none of them , as contrasted to me addressing each of your own claims on their own merits . 
  that is a lie . 
  this was the statement you were trying to originally debunk :  strength in numbers does n't work in this case . 
  most of these far right extremists are crusty old white men incapable of even running . 
  you failed to do so in a spectacular fashion so far , demonstrating that you do not understand the following : 1 . 
  basic infantry tactics . 
  basic requirements these place on people performing these actions . 
  difference between tactical applications in firearms and explosives . 
  i do indeed wonder why in spite of being ignorant on these key subjects , you seem intent on projecting the image that you can debunk the statement presented above as false . 
  which brings us back to the point that you are not even aware of completely different tactical methodology behind usage of high explosives as compared to usage of firearms by terrorists . 
  you genuinely conflate the two as if they have any significant similarities , where they have none . 
  `` it 's just a joke mate . 
  it 's just a meme . 
  i was n't serious , even though i made several serious arguments after it '' . 
  sigh . 
   look at the entire history of the cold war for case study on american realpolitik . 
  you picked the most irrelevant part of it . 
  want a more relevant part from that time period ? 
  adventures of one smedley butler . 
   but in international relations , it is not the ** sole ** strategy that we pursue . 
  weasel word that makes this entire statement entirely pointless in bold . 
   we have also pursued a strategy of international liberalism , and since the fall of the berlin wall , also international constructivism . 
  that is the propaganda line , yes . 
  in reality on the other hand , us continued it 's subversive actions in latin america , and began it 's shadow wars across africa and middle east , many of which continue to date . 
  it also engaged in several wars to maintain petrodollar , reinforced its alliance with the most militant islamic regime in the world at the time , and countless other acts that are anything but what you claim . 
   the issue is that we in the west ( well some of us anyway , poland , czechia and romania have been decrying against it the whole time ) have since the 90s , been applying a liberalist or constructivist lense towards russia . 
  right . 
  and in other news , sun rises from the west and sets in the east . 
  us policy to russia after collapse of ussr was pointedly extremely hostile , ranging from promised financial support to implement required reforms by western specialists that never materialized after reforms were initiated driving millions of russians into crippling poverty , to militaristic expansion of its alliance into russia 's strategically weak spots and crushing the one ally russia retained in europe through open war against it . 
  i 'm rather surprised that there 's anyone left who lives so fully and perfectly enveloped in the propaganda bubble , and has never come in contact with real world . 
  in most cases people that regurgitate the propaganda line as you do notice at least some parts where it clearly does n't match the reality . 
  you 're frankly a bit too perfect . 
   did you never see that breaking bad episode where they turned that old guy in a wheelchair into a suicide bomber ? 
  you moved goal posts completely . 
  we are talking about shooters . 
  you now shift to suicide bombers . 
  those are completely different in tactics used and have few if any similarities . 
  did you just seriously suggest a tv show as a good example on how real world works ? 
  you must also think that machine guns are best fired from a hip , and holding a pistol sideways makes it really easy to control recoil and aim . 
  you must also think that ammunition is unlimited , and does n't weigh anything . 
  terrorists still need to be able to move around while lugging their gear . 
  if you think that the only part where you need physical prowess in military is `` retreating '' , i recommend finding a local military reservist organisation ( most european countries have one to my knowledge ) and asking those people about it . 
  now stop and think , why are there physical requirements for riflemen ? 
  what is the reason for it ? 
  `` terrorist wielding a firearm '' is basically a standard rifleman in terms of required minimum performance . 
  he must be able to move on foot quickly , be able to carry relevant equipment and so on . 
  whoever wants to get into position to fire them . 
  there 's a reason why armies do n't take old men or cripples in their ranks . 
  and the reason why you 'll see a lot of old men at is rallies in syria , but few if any of them on front lines wielding firearms . 
  physical prowess is quite important for a rifleman . 
  it 's the folks staffing command centres and such that can afford to be physically deficient and still perform their duty well . 
  you really are cute when you just keep doubling down . 
  so i first heard about this from here , and since this is a pretty ugly woman , i started digging . 
  surely if they needed to find a black woman for sake of showing how `` diverse '' contest is , they could find one that is actually beautiful ? 
  i mean we had lola odusoga who was both black and beautiful as miss finland in 1996 , who went to win miss scandinavia and be second runner up in miss universe ? 
  well ... 
  these are the winners of miss helsinki over last three years : https://i.redd.it/86x8mzdc9b8y.jpg apparently this particular contest is something of a long running joke , with one woman basically selecting both candidates and winners . 
  or as the most upvoted post on finnish subreddit said on the topic , `` i did n't know i had all it takes to win the title of miss helsinki !, 
  - signed man , 34 years old '' . 
  really , no need for any kind of outrage . 
  just laugh at stupidity of the contest that has reputation so bad that it ca n't even find enough beautiful women in a city of over 600.000 who would be willing to compete in it . 
   do you even realize that people can read what you originally said just a couple of posts up ? 
  it 's cute when you tell us how you intend to ignore crimes and how others should , and when confronted about the fact that this is just wrong on so many levels ... you lie about what you just said . 
  do you even realize that people can read what you originally said just a couple of posts up ? 
  i like how you pretend really hard that we 're different in this aspect . 
  hint : we 're not . 
  every state that still exists plays realpolitik . 
  ask your progressive friends screaming about syria what they think about yemen if you want evidence . 
  or what they think about screaming about `` russians hacking elections '' and the report coming out basically outlining `` russia did investigative journalism for us '' , phrased as `` influenced the elections '' to mask the contents being devastating to the hacking claims earlier . 
  did n't anyone teach you not to punch below the belt ? 
  pretty sure he lost his credibility a bit earlier . 
  that 's more of a final nail in a coffin . 
  `` men '' ? 
  not `` muslims '' ? 
  even after the muslim woman that clearly tells them that she 's fine with it ? 
  even after it 's made clear that there are no non-muslim men in those groups , and they 're clearly told that rules are like `` in their home countries , not france '' ? 
  even after they openly admit there are no local muslim women in these demonstrations ? 
  wait , wait , wait ... you have a knight on horseback with full armour , shield and sword swinging with ... ... ... * basketballs * ? 
  what the fuck i do n't even ? 
  ouch . 
  and this ladies and gentlemen is the average target for `` fake news '' bs currently being pushed . 
  someone who simply so stuck in their ideological self-dug hole , they can not see anything but dirt no matter where they look . 
  except themselves and their own ideology , which is oh so clean in comparison to dirt walls all around . 
  that 's the thing though . 
  investigative journalists tend to start fairly moderate , and as pressure ramps on them as they collect enemies , they get more and more extreme . 
  this is fairly common , and in modern world twitter lets you see far deeper into ideological basis of these people than ever before . 
  but in many cases , these people still retain their desire for brutally factual reporting and correcting wrongs , which is the drive that typically pushes a person into ungrateful and dangerous profession of investigative journalist . 
  that means that even after being completely mentally messed up by their job on a personal level , they still often deliver solid stories . 
  simply because to them , this becomes their calling in life , which overrides their other personality traits . 
  quite a few of us follow sam harris closely without having this weird hatred for glenn greenwald . 
  those two have a personal feud going on , and greenwald was never the kind of a person to pull punches . 
  sadly , that 's the personality you need to have to do investigative journalism and/or activism . 
  you need to be an asshole . 
  in this regard , greenwald represents the guardian of old . 
  one that would report facts accurately and rigorously , but then often proceed to spin the narrative too far . 
  in this case , we 're talking about facts , and he 's siting sources i can check , so he 's likely correct . 
  i welcome you to point out specific flaws within my argument , as i have with yours . 
  i would be interested in seeing the weak points you appear to see in my argument , as i that would help me improve factual accuracy that forms my opinion on the matter . 
  that said , you failed to note that i preemptively addressed your final point with accurate description of political methodology , examples of this being put in practice , and a historic example of such occurrence and decided to make the point that already has been defeated anyway .
