  renting a car is crazy expensive . 
  also uncomfortable . 
   i know plenty of ev drivers in finland who do that . 
  of course you do . 
  also you know a lot of banana trees in finland that produce a lot of bananas . 
  in real world on the other hand , our total amount of evs on the roads is absolutely tiny , and most of them are owned by companies , not people . 
   commutes in finland and the nordics are the same as they are in the us , about 50km on average . 
  no one was talking about average . 
  i was specifically talking about not being in the city , at which point if you had any clue , you would notice that we are some of the most sparsely populated , widely spaced counties there are on this planet . 
  not a feasible project . 
  also , we have recently changed rules on how much alcohol can be brought in tax free for personal use so my understanding is that some of the booze tourism has died down to an extent . 
  only if you are so ignorant of us political system as to be completely unaware that voting turnout is never equal to 100 % . 
  in fact , it 's not even close . 
  the funniest part is that you were n't even capable to correctly identify my argument . 
  yes , like your propaganda that just suggests that `` since this person i view as evil has been reported to say things that are similar in nature , it 's clearly not true '' . 
  on a more serious note , if you think that soviet times were awful , find some russian tourists getting a bit drunk , sit next to them and talk to them about their experiences of the same times . 
  i think you 'll find far more in common than you think . 
  there 's a reason why lenin 's and stalin 's party lost elections in 1917 and then got demolished from inside in early 1990s by russians . 
  they 're not all that fond of soviet regime either once you scratch below the nationalist fervour going high right now and actually go into details . 
  they 're just as imperialist as any nationals of an old imperial state though , something you 'll probably also find similarities with them on . 
  same propaganda campaign that has been going for last two years hitting russians is likely hitting them as well . 
  estonians and russians are by far the best integrated major minorities we have . 
  also , having grown in one of the worse neighbourhoods of turku and being active in sports grassroots , i can tell you that there are plenty of somali older teens and young adults who really want to break out of their parents/communities ' bs and become more like finns . 
  and quite a few of these people usually succeed in doing so too , and if you 're a young kid with one of those guys on your football team , you 're probably going to project that many of them are probably just as good of people . 
  then as you grow up , you start understanding that for every one of them , there 's usually several pretty bad examples to contrary and they 're the ones who gang up on the former ones to fall in line , and sadly many do in the end . 
  especially girls . 
  which means that less newcomers means more chance for those already in to break free . 
  that 's mostly because they 're too drunk to remember order of colours from their last visit to tallinn . 
  aye , that is the forcing element . 
  as the buildings generally significantly appreciate in value in large cities , this option is typically a complete non-starter . 
  i 'm rather surprised that land owners would be granted rights to the buildings built after the fact on that land . 
  here in finland , buildings are often built on private land . 
  this land is in these cases rented from the owner , and owner of the land must rent it again , at reasonable ( inflation adjusted ) increase in rent when contract ends . 
  land owner has no rights to the building built on his land . 
  why was n't similar measure adopted here ? 
  it 's very clear that owners property , like many other similar properties across europe was destroyed during the war . 
  they did n't pay for current buildings on top of the land , which was financed by the government in agreement with laws of the time . 
  it would hence make sense that government would simply set a reasonable rent scheme which would mandate rent for buildings on this kind of land within specific scope based on chart of , say , location , size of the land and so on . 
  this would serve to pay potential owners , who would have zero access to any buildings built after the fact , and zero ownership claims to them . 
  they would merely own the land . 
  if anything , this sounds more like a crazy attempt to rewrite history at the cost of the people combined with severe corrupting pressure of people who saw ability to benefit massively on the key government structures responsible for taking care of these actions on government end . 
  such racist bigotry belongs in the 1940s . 
  look on the bright side . 
  they 're recognising you as distinctly western in your case . 
  no more need for feeling inferior due to eastern europeanness . 
  fix the seat quality in your electric busses to level in volvos and scanias and i 'm in . 
  relevant : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4zntkw/polish_electric_bus_ousts_mercedes_to_become_bus/d6y0bln, 
  considering what i saw on your construction sites , and on construction sites in germany , i 'd say you have made a good progress . 
  nothing acclimates people to one another as much as working alongside those from another country on a constant basis . 
  just need to push down the caricature of `` evil germans '' and `` evil russians '' and replace it with more realistic imagery of those people , and you will likely be quite successul in working with both . 
  perhaps learn from your history and make both superpowers dependent on something you do instead ? 
  a large portion of that sentiment is anti-white and anti-western bigotry , so it 's kinda obvious it 's going to go that way . 
  you are white , so you are evil . 
  welcome to the club . 
   i say natural in that - it 's a natural emotional response to the kind of horrors humanity had to go through in ww2 , but i did say blunt and excessive . 
  the horrors which eastern europe had to go through under the ottomans are not all that much smaller . 
  islamists were less efficient in a specific time frame , but they were raping , murdering , slaving and stealing children to make them into soldiers for centuries . 
  as a result , their regime was horrifying , if in a distinctly different way than say that of nazis . 
  problem is that there are very few options available to us at this point . 
  the enemy has demonstrated its capability to inflitrate our societies , divide us , kill us , and threaten our very civilizations both from within and from without . 
  if you pointedly say `` we need to fight them , but we ca n't use any tools that are capable of doing the job '' , we 're going to end up exactly like eastern europe during the peak of ottoman era . 
  enslaved under an islamist theocracy . 
  and then we will lose far more rights at best than we would in worst case scenario here . 
  we have significant amount of historic evidence that many freedoms we currently enjoy had to be temporarily suspended in our very states to combat an existential enemy . 
  i present that this one such case , and constraints on freedoms in question are quite limited in this regard in comparison to the past . 
  so by your own logic , burkha ban would be a natural response to current civilizational threat to the entirety of the west , that has little consequence as far as our general freedoms are concerned . 
  it won because of the latter , and it held onto the victory for over a century because of the former . 
  something that regressive thinkers like to pointedly ignore . 
  `` winning '' in historic context is not just about grabbing the victory , it 's about holding on to it for a long time . 
  the only person who will ever seriously talk about `` absolute values '' is a fanatic . 
  no such thing exists in real life . 
  everything is on a continuum . 
  example : we do not suggest that men should breastfeed . 
  many build better industrial vehicles than germans . 
  german vehicle superiority is traditionally in consumer automobiles . 
  seen solaris urbinos on streets of my home city of tampere . 
  competing mainly with volvos and scanias , but sadly not on quality from what i 've seen from passenger 's point of view . 
  seating arrangements and seats themselves are notably worse in terms of quality . 
  if you have to be seated for more than 20 minutes , you really notice the difference - the back starts to ache . 
  went to read on it after reading this story , apparently they have some kind of a joint manufacturing effort with local valmet automotive , and they 're essentially all hybrids with a few test busses being fully electric . 
  i use local busses routinely ( we have really good public transit in the city ) and honestly every time i see a solaris , i cringe because i know my ass is in for a rough ride compared to the volvos and scanias . 
  luckily most of the busses in the running are of the latter types . 
  so whoever is providing the seating , toss them and get whoever is making seats for volvos and scanias to do the seats for you . 
  otherwise it 's a fine bus . 
  and now , you 're weaseling even harder , pretending that my challenge toward your indefensible point was n't actually a challenge , but instead a separate point that you 're attacking . 
  muslims are special . 
  with them , enforcing secularism toward general public is actually * racism * . 
  because it 's just that special of a religion . 
  ( according to islamists and their apologists . ), 
  berlin is in eastern germany . 
  that 's likely the main reason . 
  it 's not the longstanding and traditional economy hub of the country , unlike it is with other countries . 
  accelerating a `` colony ship '' and decelerating it alone is going to be an effort that would likely consume much of resources we have on the planet as it would need to be large enough to maintain a functional habitat . 
  that 's a lot of energy to expend , and that 's a lot of material to be lifted to orbit for construction , not to mention the actual orbital construction facilities themselves . 
  this likely is n't a project you could build on the bottom of earth 's gravity well and then launch . 
  there 's also very little understanding of what exactly we can expect for organic life outside the solar system while in travel . 
  our observations of what is beyond the immediate heliosphere of our sun are very limited to what we got from first two voyagers so far . 
  all we have is a lot of working hypotheses on the subject . 
  if you 're interested , i recommend starting at relevant wikipedia article and tracking down the sources , and then going from there : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heliosphere, 
  not even close .
