  we see similar acts across islamic world . 
  the only places where such acts are not supported within sharia is former soviet states and to an extent turkey . 
   interpreting a religion like islam literally means having no life . 
  it 's impossible to function . 
  factually false . 
  many states function today under sharia . 
  as in right now , as of typing this . 
  and not just in the middle east , there are quite a few asian states in this basket as well . 
   if you actually bothered to read the rest of my post , you should notice that my argument actually minimally relies on the cherry-picking observation per se . 
  actually it literally hinges on this argument , and if this argument is false has no basis whatsoever . 
  so far you have done nothing but spammed lie after lie on the topic . 
  i have no interest in engaging ( or more accurately , just debunking lies you keep spamming as fast as you can into this thread ) any further . 
  debunking of all lies you have thrown into the threat so far has been exhaustively done by large amount of people who specialize on the topic . 
  i have no interest in merely rehashing the same dance of debunking the torrent of lies . 
  i also have no interest in going over all the same lies as you continue to inevitably apply postmodernist logic to everything , allowing you to justify that black is indeed white and argue from that position . 
  good day . 
   all followers of the religion cherry-pick and hold their intellectually-unconvincing interpretations ; isis included . 
  factually false , and your entire argument hinges on this . 
  there are plenty of discussion on why you are wrong on this across the reputable sources on the internet when it comes to is . 
   islam is n't specific on anything . 
  in your case , saying holds true . 
  we 're done . 
  to be fair , they probably secretly love you for it , when they begin the conquest . 
  people following text on the other hand have both the agency , and the text to strengthen their position . 
  which brings me back to my original point yet again :  while people can in fact not obey the rules , that makes them heretics if they follow them , but incorrectly , or apostates if they still claim to follow the religion , while directly dismissing direct orders from the religious teachings . 
  and islam is quite specific on what must be done to heretics and apostates , and people with agency who are followers of islam do indeed follow them . 
  because they are religious people , rather than postmodernist `` black can be white if we just talk about it enough '' bullshitters . 
  religion is a set of specific rules . 
  islam is special among religions in that its rules are according to its teachings `` unerring , universally correct '' and its very name demands following these rules as the name of the religion is literally `` submission '' . 
  while people can in fact not obey the rules , that makes them * heretics * if they follow them , but incorrectly , or * apostates * if they still claim to follow the religion , while directly dismissing direct orders from the religious teachings . 
  as noted above . 
  the reference is `` to match us army in europe '' . 
  not `` overall '' . 
  this is often lost without context . 
  that is exactly why she and people like her want it . 
  us is not going to function as a security guarantor forever , and frankly , it 's a good time to get over the shame of world war two and realise that world is not going to be west-centric for much longer if current trends persist . 
  that means we need to start building up the military capacity to stand up to whoever makes the rules in post-pax americana world . 
  history dictates that those who do not prepare , end up as colonies and vassals , de facto or de jure . 
  this bs is getting tiring . 
  the state structures are still implementing all the laws and policies set by previous governments . 
  there is simply no current government setting new policies , something results of which will not be felt for quite a significant period of time . 
  civ is a pretty optimistic view on humanity in general . 
  fascism is a pretty good and very workable system in it for example , as is communism . 
  islam is a missionary religion . 
  it is a task incumbent upon * every muslim * to spread it to those who have not submitted to allah yet . 
  she is merely following her religion , unlike her apostate `` moderate '' brethren . 
  problem with this line of thinking is that you consider eu as kind of a table full of food , which is obliged to provide you with dishes delicious enough for free every once in a while , so that beast of islamism residing in your country can be kept sated and tame . 
  that is exactly what lead eu to its current state , where in many nation states that form the eu , large minorities and even small majorities are now against the union itself . 
  people do not like it when they are abused in the name of the `` but outsiders need our help '' ideal . 
  and it 's normal to expect your state to take care of your needs as a citizen first , before they begin spending massive amount of resources on helping outsiders . 
  people will tolerate it for a while , but not forever . 
  especially when outsiders behave like turkey , and consistently show their contempt for the same related values and like to chest beat over their history of conquest of the same people . 
  and that time has largely ran out in case of eu . 
  too many people are no longer willing to tolerate this . 
  and turkey 's behaviour in fact demonstrated exactly what the people advocating for excluding turkey kept warning everyone about - that the islamist culture and legacy of ottoman empire is too deeply rooted and will rise the moment eu stops actively feeding the beast with money and hope . 
  and it 's better to face the beast as it is when it 's still outside your house , than when it already penetrated the walls and is on the inside . 
  notably , that is also the problem you are having . 
  you wish for the suppression of that same beast we do , but you are in fact locked in that same house . 
  that is why you would have preferred that your problems would in fact be eu 's problems , because that would give you a chance of solving them in a way beneficial to you , as it would be our collective problem , and you and your supporters would not be a minority in relevant institutions . 
  and while i fully support you in this resistance , i like any sane person prefer to keep such beasts outside , with minimal possible influence on internal politics . 
  with eu as weak as it is due to massive overreach and essential ignoring of locals in favour of immigrating people and overreaching goals on its expansion , it simply can no longer afford that kind of overreach . 
  if eu were to try doing what you would like it to do in relation to turkey , it would destroy itself , because nation states would simply refuse to expose themselves further to these risks . 
  that is the unfortunate reality . 
  i will point out the same thing i recently pointed out to another bulgarian poster that had essentially carbon copy of your complaint , but in relation to his country : you are complaining that eu did not pressure your country into doing things that were against the will of the government and the people . 
  when eu does it , it 's eu 's fault . 
  when eu does n't do it , it 's eu 's fault . 
  how about `` turkey and overwhelming amount of turks that vote for erdogan have their own opinions , and they do what they like . 
  and if you do n't like it , take it up with them , and not us for not being despotic enough toward them '' . 
  of course , you never will do this , because they are not like us and they will not tolerate you or your complaints . 
  `` if you have a different view from mine , you are an ignorant bigot and i have mainstream media narrative to prove it ! '', 
  a good example of a person ignorant of their own bigotry . 
  that was the hysterical media interpretation of the day . 
  officials released a statement almost immediately stating that media clearly blew the issue out of proportions and that problem was under control . 
  essentially they were talking about the boom during 2008-2012 when russians were buying out property near border for holiday and tourism . 
  and one building purchased was right next to a border agency 's building , and the intended tourist trap did n't materialise , likely due to lack of funds post-2012 . 
  so much for that `` scandal '' . 
  essentially the only points of disagreements between these are : 1 . 
  major shia-sunni split that is causing the civil war that has been ongoing within muslim world for over millenia over `` who is the legitimate leader '' . 
  the rest are minor differences that mainly are scholarly items such as `` can we execute the heretic immediately , or do we have to wait for three days is heretic is a woman '' . 
  i 'm not kidding . 
  that one of the key theological differences between some of the sunni schools listed on that map . 
  this in no way mirrors the christian sects , which are so massively different on basics of theology ( i.e. 
  what language service should be held in , are there any saints after christ ) that in islam , any such difference would make school of thought automatically heretical and not islamic . 
  superpowers are not interested in your opinions , much less permissions . 
  i 'm interested in basis why you chose to not interact with my point , and instead provided an example which is in fact directly analogous . 
  we and cattle we keep generally reproduce through very similar mechanisms . 
  females are the bottleneck of reproductive amounts . 
  if you 're slicing up russia , why did n't you give us our right arm back ? 
  yes . 
  but as before , it 's an illiberal democracy . 
  it 's just even less liberal than before . 
  we have our own war history , that is far more relevant . 
  so yes , it does in fact matter . 
  consider using actual examples of actual states , instead of desperately trying to jury-rig an awful analogy from a completely different region with completely different geopolitical situation . 
  i just want to point out that you 're complaining that * eu has n't forced your country to do things against its elected leaders ' will * . 
  no , it really has n't . 
  these kinds of changes are on the surface . 
  fighting corruption takes decades even in best case scenario . 
  it 's not enough to cut off the branches . 
  you have to find and destroy the roots .
