  now , it 's fashionable among the elite to espouse `` the evil of listening to the people , instead of just sticking to following the benevolent interests of the elite '' , also known as populism . 
  not at all . 
  there 's an old saying : if you 're not a communist in your youth , you have no heart . 
  if you 're not a capitalist in your old age , you have no brain . 
  young people should be learning empathy in their young age and vote accordingly . 
  then they learn objective limits of empathizing with others when they do not empathize with you as they grow older , as well as gain more personal interests to defend , such as children of their own . 
  i am quite used to the fact that certain ideologically fanatical people go to great lengths to purposefully misunderstand those they do not agree with , as you do above . 
  i accept that i have no way of reaching such people , as facts and logic are not good arguments against emotional response . 
  you did not address my argument in any way , and tried to go on another irrelevant tangent . 
  at that point , the only thing i can do to keep discussion on topic is to repeat the last point that was made on topic . 
  remember folks : there 's no difference between inherent characteristic you 're born with and opinion you hold . 
  they 're both equally permanent . 
  essentially a same thing . 
  in real world on the other hand , you can change your opinion . 
  you can change religion . 
  you can become and apostate and abandon religion entirely . 
  it 's nothing more than an opinion you hold . 
  and this opinion influences your actions significantly . 
  you can not on the other hand change your race . 
  you 're born with it and it 's with you until you die . 
  it also does n't affect your actions to any significant degree . 
  i ca n't make any conclusions on your opinions based on your race . 
  it 's an irrelevant arbitrary characteristic . 
  honestly , you saying this says so much about your ignorance of the very basics of humanity itself , it explains a lot about why you chose to argue the way you did . 
   everything you built on top of that else exists only in your head . 
   saying trump is not part of the elite is odd to me it is factually false . 
  he is part of the elite . 
  he is however elite that chose to side with the populos over arestos . 
  arestos within us society was overwhelmingly against him . 
  that is why the fact that he won is a demonstration of the fact that us is in fact still democratic in how it selects its leadership rather than oligarchic . 
  remember : leaders of the nation are by default the elite , the arestos . 
  but elite can choose to side with interests of populos to various degrees , from none ( full on dictatorship ) to full ( full on direct democracy in everything ) . 
  in constitutional republic like us , elites chosen to rule can pick and choose policy lines . 
  note how everyone in us was so used to the fact that elites ignore the populos after the election , that many on the losing side * were shocked that trump actually started fulfilling his promises to populos * . 
  that is the demonstration of expectations the opposing side , and is in fact a good demonstration that opposing side was expecting oligarchic rule . 
  that is a lie . 
  my argument was that you can always cherrypick actions alongside a long career that can be taken to show that person is actually the exact opposite of what he is . 
  refer to ongoing `` pewdiepie is a nazi '' debacle for more details . 
  he literally said nothing but this :  let us know when christian immigrants are going around beheading people and bombing train stations . 
  he did not say a word about them being `` good '' or `` bad '' . 
  he merely listed specific actions . 
  everything you built on top of that else exists only in your head . 
   the problem with populists is that they are arbitarily drawing the line on who deserves help and who does not . 
  by definition , populists are people who have to get support of the people with voting power . 
  that 's literally the main criteria . 
  you 're unable to comprehend even this . 
  it 's not wonder `` you 're not impressed '' . 
  you lack the ability to even understand the arguments you yourself are making , much less mine . 
  being impressed with something you do not understand is quite hard . 
   also , i am kinda impressed you shoehorned stalin in . 
  seems you just had to worm him in because if your opponent does not agree with you , then he 's a monster . 
  except that all i did was demonstrate a specific parallel . 
  stalin was also an internationalist , and a strongly left leaning leader in his policies . 
  when your arguments are those of extremist left winger , extremist internationalist , and your logical argument resembles those of stalin , you 're going to get called on it . 
  get used to it . 
  the more extreme pro-immigration pro-globalisation crowd becomes , the more you 're going to compared to extreme who had comparable agendas . 
   who was dehumanizing the opposition again ? 
  the fact that you would imply that stalin is n't human is very telling on how you view anyone who disagrees with you politically . 
   how can we make policy without those nasty bad evil mean statistics , just based on feels ? 
  how do you tell a spin doctor from someone arguing the point ? 
  he will insert highly coloured adjectives to pretend that opponent has no merit within his own question . 
  which makes your follow-up accusations of `` mud flinging '' and such quite hilarious . 
  thank you for telling us what you think he was thinking . 
  when you want to get back to talking about what he actually said , i 'll be here . 
   `` i disagree with your opinion , therefore i will ignore the arguments you present , call you names and denounce your opinions with no merit provided '' . 
  because you went on a tangent that has absolutely no relation to the discussion - racial profiling . 
   where does enforcing speed limits need mass surveillance ? 
  right . 
  in backwardistan maybe . 
  nowadays speed ticket policing is overwhelming done with cameras and road sensors . 
  you 're a mind reader . 
  you know what he was thinking , so you can safely ignore what he actually typed . 
  nice . 
  in real world on the other hand , we argue on points made , not points we invent in our minds . 
  ok . do you want to get back on the topic from your completely unrelated tangent ? 
  it does look like i need to quote stalin , for you are simply unaware of just how monstrous your angle is in light of human history . 
  `` kill one man , and it 's a tragedy . 
  kill a million , and it 's a statistic '' . 
  this is exactly what you are doing here . 
  you are dismissing large amount of people and their misery , * which leads to specific symptoms within the society on a well travelled and well explored political path * by quoting specific highly limited statistics . 
  the fact that you choose to pretend that people who cater to the needs of the people , the populists are somehow `` bad '' crowns the objective demonstration of your ignorance on the complexity of the subject , and the readiness to dehumanise those who 's opinion you simply do no like . 
   hmmm should we really go and check all the statements and actions perussuomalaiset members have done ? 
  why , so you can cherry pick individual actions over consistent policy ? 
  that 's a really loved angle by those looking to smear an opponent nowadays , but is a really bad way in trying to interrogate facts to find out what reality is . 
  the fact that you suggest this as a viable way of interrogating facts instead of looking at the policies on the large scale and going off that tells us nothing about the question . 
  it does tell us a lot about you and how you choose to formulate your world view however . 
   also , i never called anyone subhuman or a statistic you specifically drove to statistics to dehumanise a human problem into a set of numbers . 
  do i need to quote stalin ? 
   i absolutely do not believe in this pet theory that somehow poor people elect populists against their self-interest . 
  yes , i know . 
  that is why i cited examples of people who share your world view above . 
  `` i disagree with your opinion , therefore i will ignore the arguments you present , call you names and denounce your opinions with no merit provided '' . 
  same way that all other forms of policing do . 
  there is no difference in the principle in the objective reality . 
   in which case i do n't see a conflict because of your extreme moral relativism . 
  it turn extreme conflict in reality into no conflict in your subjective morally relative universe . 
  as it does not address reality , it still has no place in a discussion about reality . 
  blatant shifting of goal posts that pretends really hard that original argument was something completely different . 
   heck , most of these right-wing party leaders are part of the same elite they are supposed to decry this is the common misunderstanding among people who genuinely do not understand the underlying state structures . 
  in a democracy , the general division of people is into two : populos , the general population and arestos , the elites .
