  so in your eyes a person who immigrates for work reason , works for a few years and then leaves is not an immigrant ? 
  both legal and dictionary definitions of the word disagree with your rather strange nomenclature . 
  the entire form of the word in fact aptly demonstrates the falsehood : migration - process of moving . 
  prefix `` im '' - into . 
  there are no other meanings attached to the word outside of your head . 
  immigration is simply a word describing migration into somewhere , as opposed to emigration which is migrating from somewhere . 
  across most of europe asylum is effectively permanent , as accepted asylum seekers have a right to permanent residence followed by a right to gain citizenship . 
  so you are in fact advocating for shut down of the border crossings because [ insert pretence ] . 
  in doing so , you are fully willing to throw finns living on our side of the border and dependent on their function for their livelihood under the bus . 
  which is very un-finnish as we tend to back each other when in trouble rather than throw others under the bus . 
  are you familiar with venn diagrams ? 
  the issue is actually very simple . 
  migrant is a person migrating . 
  immigrant is a person immigrating into somewhere . 
  asylum seeker is someone who is migrating under specific pretence , in case of europe they are immigrants as they are migrating into rather than out of europe . 
  all asylum seekers in this relation are immigrants , and all immigrants are migrants . 
  however only some of the migrants are immigrants and only some of the immigrants are asylum seekers . 
  to be clear : i 'm not arguing in favour of my case . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that in this case , context was important and warnings should have started with root cause rather than follow-up . 
  perhaps something for moderation team to brainstorm on your next meetup . 
  as for my personal actions , i understand the problem and accept the responsibility . 
  i have a tendency to talk back to people using the same tone that they use to talk to me , and it sometimes goes overboard , such as it did in this case . 
  i apologise as i clearly did go too far . 
  your claim of :  i 'm not throwing any one under the buss , and ** neither am i saying that the border should be closed . 
  ** is in direct conflict with your original statement of :  when it became clear weeks ago that russia stopped controlling the border ** all the border crossings should 've been shut down **, 
  you are utterly ignorant of situation on the border . 
  there are at least tens of thousands of people who 's livelihoods depend on the border not getting closed . 
  your willingness to just throw them under the bus because of potential crisis that is nowhere near what is happening and already happened on the border with sweden is appalling and distinctly un-finnish . 
  asylum seekers are immigrants , just as audi is a car . 
  does that mean that you just take reported post at face value with no regard to context in which it was posted ? 
  i find it a bit strange that warnings would be handed down without considering the circumstances of the case . 
  especially considering the nature of the argument in this particular thread . 
  facts of the case are conclusive on this point as far as we know , yes . 
  the current line of argument is that the specific 19 year old this girl stayed the night with was not among the people she did have sex with . 
  original article also states that this is true for only 12 % of recipients , who basically live in areas so troubled that public system had problems getting doctors to work there . 
  it was also pretty much addressed a couple of years ago , before the current crisis hit , and it was * never * so bad that you could not just queue up for nurse and have her get you doctor 's appointment for the same day , or worst case scenario next day . 
  until december 2015 . 
  reception staff were extremely apologetic , but there was nothing they could do . 
  i concede that point :d, 
  as i understand it , you actually have it worse mainly due to the size of the problem . 
  i feel the need to point out that that comment is the direct parent of my comment , making it rather difficult to miss . 
   you are not only illiterate but also an idiot . 
  is acceptable but  you utter imbecile is not ? 
  please explain . 
  we 're going in circles and your suggestion is still dysfunctional in reality for reasons already listed . 
  there is n't one . 
  that 's why there is so much strain over the issue . 
  once they are in , there is no effective way to get them out unless they want to exit themselves . 
  that 's why states are suspending shengen left and right . 
  the only thing they can really do that would have any meaningful impact at this stage is prevention of immigrants penetrating their borders . 
  i fully expect my rent to go up when my rental contract is going for review later this year , yes . 
  i 'm already budgeting money for the increase . 
  another part i failed to mention was getting medical care when i actually needed it and could not get to visit a doctor in over 2 weeks because of massive influx of immigrants clogging the public healthcare system in december . 
  wait time was ridiculous and getting a non-urgent time to see a doctor was effectively impossible . 
  i literally visited the medical centre only to find corridors full of iraqis . 
  i ended up having to handle my issue over the phone , and then having to visit a private practitioner which was extremely suboptimal and caused me significant physical pain due to specific condition involved requiring actual visit to the doctor to properly diagnose . 
  not to mention having to pay significant premium for private doctor 's visit . 
   allright , so show me a bigger forum online that deals with europe . 
  do you realise that you just conceded your argument with that line ? 
  my argument was that this particular media does not wield any kind of meaningful power . 
  your argument was that it does . 
  upon being demonstrated the mathematical impossiblity of that claim , instead of looking for other facts to support your hypothesis , or alternatively conceding on the isssue ... * you 're demanding that i present you with evidence to support your hypothesis instead ? 
  * truly , are you utterly nuts . 
  are you actually unaware of the fact that europe has significant advantages from being viewed as pro-human rights across the world . 
  the concept of soft power . 
  this is aptly demonstrated in greater trust generally awarded to european companies doing business outside europe on relevant issues . 
  wait , `` exaggerated '' and not `` false '' ? 
  as in there is actually a kernel of truth in it , and it 's just the size that was incorrectly reported ? 
  huge problems with apartments . 
  young people going to universities this year will be in serious trouble as there will be none available , as immigrants get priority over them for reasonably priced apartments in large cities . 
  government has to make deeper cuts into social benefits because of refugees . 
  quite a few of cuts came in force at beginning of this year . 
  while these are not solely because of immigrant crisis , they are in part because of it . 
  please explain how someone of 12-13 years of age can give their concent ? 
  i 'd be most interested to find out . 
  so would the police i imagine , as legally a person of that age can not give concent for self-evident reasons . 
  got ta say , it 's pretty rare to run into someone who 's so openly paedophiliac on reddit . 
  across a continent of ~ 750.000.000 ? 
  sure . 
  even if you were to assume that these are all unique visitors who view every single thread , which you would have to be utterly insane to , that 's still less than 0.1 % . 
  so you have to assume that not only are those people are all active unique readers , but you also have to assume that they 're all extremely influential as to be able to push their views upon the remaining  99.9 % of population . 
  i think i got it right with `` insane '' . 
  you agreed on facts , albeit with rather hilarious attempts of opting out of some parts of it in the following quote :  yes some people chose to carry as i pointed out above ( including giving you percentages ) . 
  i also know people do buy guns for defense which again i stated above . 
  most gun crime is gang related and not part of legal gun culture . 
  i was never talking about crime . 
  that 's an even bigger can of worms , which is a direct consequence of us gun culture , and as such is indeed a part of it . 
  we have gangs in europe too . 
  they overwhelmingly do n't use firearms for their violence , they use bladed and blunt weapons instead . 
  because different gun culture . 
  then you chose to suddenly disregard your agreement in the next paragraph . 
  and now you 're just running an argument that was never made in the first place . 
  insane then . 
  that was hilarious logic . 
  a random post in a thread with less than 200 upvotes across the continent influences policies . 
  in other news , someone clapping his hands once is actually a preamble for fusion bomb going off . 
  so in other words , you would effectively open said european state to massive problems abroad as other nations would take advantage of massive loss of prestige associated with such a disproportionate act of war to pursue their interests over yours abroad in other regions ? 
  so you elected to ignore facts of the case and focus on a single night . 
  well done . 
  did you just seriously imply that comments on reddit have any meaningful impact on actions of mass media and police in germany ?
