  not eu . 
  commission . 
  which was then rapidly rebuked by council , and now we clearly see that junker fell in line after rumours of his `` retirement for health reasons '' surfaced . 
  there is a major power struggle in eu right now , and so far , commission is losing to council badly . 
  badly enough for der spiegel to write about it . 
  the text that has been revealed so far makes for amazing source . 
  it 's literally unreadable even for legal professionals because of how it 's written . 
  i 'm also extremely confused as to how stating that there are negotiators that focus on specific parts of the treaty and write the relevant texts is a `` conspiracy theory '' . 
  it 's standard segregation of responsibility in any legal matter . 
  you get a specialist for each part . 
  problem here , the whole is intentionally so overly complex that no one can clearly state the outcomes . 
  seriously , there 's a reason why legal specialists still struggle to make heads or tails of what ttip will actually do . 
  dismissing complexity as `` conspiracy theory '' is a really good way to shut down any conversation on the topic certainly , but that 's really all that it is . 
  an interesting idea , but how effective are they in removing the actual animal fats ? 
  without this , all they 're doing is just `` diluting '' the meat . 
  not a bad idea in general to put some olive oil into the meat , so that it 's healthier on `` per volume '' basis , but if they ca n't effeciently remove the animal fats , how is that different from me just adding the olive oil during cooking ? 
  something to remember - two year limit is a myth . 
  it only applies if article 50 is triggered , and even then it 's extendable is necessary . 
  until that time , all current treaties apply , and merkel 's rebuke to junker 's bravado recently has been equally clear . 
  council has little to no appetite for `` punitive measures '' for uk . 
  especially with current eu and eurozone economy being what it is . 
  this is largely because these treaties are written so that no one can really understand them , including the very people who write them . 
  that 's why you have writers who just write small portions , and only a few head negotiators and lobbyists pushing them actually comprehend the entire package and just what it entails . 
  that 's how they get the worst aspects of it through . 
  many parts of iraq , afghanistan and somalia are in fact safe . 
  warzones in those states have been localized to specific regions for many years now . 
  there was a very interesting story some time ago about a `` refugee '' from iraq with a large family ( wife and a lot of kids ) . 
  all of them were on wellfare for those with no funds for years . 
  at the same time , family was routinely taking vacations in supposedly `` unsafe '' iraq that they `` fled '' from . 
  journalist investigated and found that he was using the money he was getting here , plus the help that iraqi government apparently pays to purchase real estate in iraq . 
  the family was basically living a double life . 
  here in finland , they 're poor and destitute refugees from iraq getting regular welfare payments . 
  in iraq , they 're wealthy real estate owners . 
  welcome to absurdities of migration policies . 
  luckily , with these cases now actually coming to light as subject is no longer taboo for journalists to talk about , we 're now seeing corrective measures being put in place . 
  better late than never . 
  i think you need to read up on what swedes are to finland . 
  they are conquerors , who came here on crusades and conquest , and who left us to endure `` isoviha '' , and eventually lost us to russian empire . 
  who in turn gave us wide autonomy , including our own language , post office , taxation rights and significant governing rights . 
  the reasons why we 're generally seen as allied with sweden are practical rather than historical . 
  specifically , sweden has routinely used us as a meat shield against the attacks from the east and south-east , and we did n't have much of a say in the matter . 
  if you want to see the other side of this , i recommend studying the process of us and sweden joining the eu . 
  sweden was fully willing and even interested in just leaving us behind , in just another betrayal among many . 
  it took a lot of political maneuvering to stabilize the situation . 
  this is generally not talked about around here , but our state broadcaster has a very good investigative jornalist side and they had a long and detailed story on the issue some time ago . 
  it was a very interesting read on just how our politics actually work underneath the public narrative . 
  in general , same thing applies to us that applies to all sovereigns in general . 
  no permanent allies or friends , or enemies . 
  only interests . 
  understanding this is a sign of maturity of the state . 
   no arguing in that , but how do you think that would work ? 
  i 'd need at least one succesful example in a post-soviet country and i do n't have any . 
  just look at ukraine . 
  russians with ukrainian citizenship were willing to kill ukrainians for putin i saw the exact opposite . 
  in crimea , they did everything in their power to avoid killing . 
  it was n't until government in kiev , under pressure from their masters decided to start an armed crack down on those opposing the unconstitutional overthrow in kiev that armed conflict actually ignited . 
  and whatever you want to say about ukraine , let 's keep the facts straight . 
  violent overthrow in kiev was strictly unconstitutional under constitution in ukraine , and it was this overthrow that triggered the events that followed it . 
  not the other way around . 
   i think the demon lies in russian media . 
  i think the `` demon '' lies in propaganda on all sides , including yours . 
  you all peddle a narrative , and obfuscate the facts when they are inconvenient . 
  or do you think kohver really was picking berries ? 
  that overthrow in ukraine was constitutional and in line with rule of law ? 
  it 's the same issue as that of russia lying about fascism being the main driving force in kiev and so on . 
  peddling a one sided narrative and obfuscating the complex reality underneath . 
  and worst part of it is , that people on relevant sides actually buy into it . 
  your posts show just how much * you * buy into narrative peddled by your side . 
   you do realize that things like that could be seen before any nato troops even came here , right ? 
  and nato is not foreign troops i 'll make this simple . 
  how many tankers marching in narva were estonians ? 
  how many were not estonians ? 
  you have your answer . 
  that is what i talk about when i 'm talking about propagandist narrative being peddled on your side . 
   also , why do they see nato ( or american ) troops so negatively ? 
  history . 
  nato is an alliance that had zero defensive campaigns , which is what alliance is about on paper . 
  it had many offensive campaigns specifically aimed to destroy states that are competitors to us . 
  anyone who sees value in those competing states , be it commercial , civilizational , or simply wanting good neighbour relations . 
  which you like to talk about supporting in the same breath as you talk about supporting organisation which is specifically about demolishing such relations - see recent leak of nato 's european commander 's personal emails for more details . 
   i can feel you already have a picture of me being a stereotypical nazi pribalt portrayed by russian media , and therefore you assume things that are n't there . 
  this is another part that shows just how thoroughly you have been propagandized . 
  `` oh , he talks about problems during holocaust in my country ? 
  well , it 's not that he 's aware of historic context , it 's that he 's indoctrinated by russian media '' . 
  for the record , i do n't think i 've watched any russian media other than to fact check some of the more absurd claims often attributed directly to it . 
  for example the much peddled false claim about russian election officials supposedly presenting crimean referendum numbers that totaled more than 100 % , which was easily debunked simply by watching the source and seeing that claimant simply invented the numbers ignoring what officials actually said in the video . 
  overall , your reaction so far has literally been `` you have been brainwashed by evil russians '' every time i presented you with a genuine consern , and then you projected some really far reaching claims that have been clearly deeply rooted into you by your media . 
  such as `` well , you think of us as nazis '' . 
  no , i do n't . 
  you managed to forget the part that i have actually worked there , and i know locals . 
  they 're not nazis . 
  they 're normal people , who have their own interests . 
  some are going to be nazis , sure . 
  the usual tiny proportion of maybe a percent or two . 
  most are normal people . 
  seriously , sit down and consider your knee jerk reaction for a moment here . 
  i presented genuine critique based on historic evidence and you immediately went to assume that i actually think of all of you as nazis because i 'm brainwashed . 
  even through you have been specifically told otherwise just prior , and accepted my testimony as something that is very much correct . 
  where did this sudden knee jerk reaction come from ? 
  could it be that just like those `` evil russians '' you talk about , you are just as immersed in the system designed to feed you a specific , completely one sided narrative that triggers such utterly reflexive and reality-ignoring responses ?
