  plans to build up capacity ? 
   i said that democracy is a soup . 
  some of those ingredients are respect for minorities , religious freedom , right for minorities and i presented you with a specific example that debunked that hypothesis . 
   switeerland in 1920 is not switzerland in 2016 , is it can you please not lie and misrepresent my point to such a ridiculous extreme . 
  not only did you pull the years completely out of your ass and miss the date by over seventy years , which shrinks the arbitrary difference you suggest to a tiny fraction , but the point was n't in that difference . 
  it was in the fact that democracy often acts as a bulwark against the said `` soup of values '' . 
  for future reference : when accusing others of ignorance , you 're supposed to explain which exact part of their opinion is ignorant , preferably in great detail . 
  example : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4t108c/survey_837_of_the_youth_want_to_leave_macedonia/d5elcd0 when you just say `` no , you ! '', 
  as you did above twice , you at best convince a few young children who like mud slinging . 
  everyone else draws the conclusion stated here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4t108c/survey_837_of_the_youth_want_to_leave_macedonia/d5f6yo9, 
  you exact statement which i answered :   i recommend studying greek democracy   things have evolved since . 
  declaration of human rights etc etc. 
  rights for minorities etc etc https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4t12h3/turkish_military_blocks_istanbul_bridges/d5ejk1a you made a clear statement equating modern democracy with declaration of human rights , rights for minorities and so on . 
  i made a specific example of a modern western democracy that in fact spits in the face of those documents , and does so based on results of democratic referendums . 
  switzerland in fact did n't even allow voting for women until fairly recently , specifically because of strong democracy in the country overriding the international commitments it makes . 
  turkey had universal suffrage over half a century earlier than switzerland . 
  turkey allowed women to vote in all major election by 1934 , with right to vote in local elections granted in 1931 . 
  in switzeland , final stages of universal suffrage had to be pushed through the courts because democratic process continued to toss it out . 
  it was n't until 1991 that fight was finally won . 
  multiple referendums to allow women to vote in both canton and federal elections failed to pass this right , with federal level acceptance only going through in 1971 and last canton had to be undemocratically strong-armed into granting women right to vote on local matters ( which are even more important then federal due to the way in which swiss federation is governed ) in 1991 . 
  the argument you make above has zero relevance to the discussion of democracy and basic human rights , such as rights to same treatment by state regardless of gender . 
  please stay on topic . 
  and yes , switzerland is the most democratic state in europe due to the way its governed and its strong democratic tradition . 
  it 's also one of the most conservative when it comes to issues like human rights , specifically because of its strong democratic traditions overriding any good intentioned centrally mandated directives . 
  which does in fact include human rights issues . 
  and yes , the entire point is that this does n't make switzerland `` worse than turkey '' . 
  but it most certainly demonstrates just how wrong the statement i quote you making above is . 
  when you answer facts and suggesting that you take your own advice with essentially `` no you !, 
  '' , and have nothing else to add to the conversation , consider simply staying silent . 
  as the old saying goes you see , `` it 's better to stay quiet and let others think you an idiot than open your mouth and remove all doubt '' . 
  really now . 
  do look up what finland was just 70 years ago . 
  we had a shitty agrarian state that needed to be built up . 
  on top of it , it was ravaged by war and saddled by a huge war reparations that soviets expected us to default on . 
  and unlike those few that fled , most people stayed and built up the country . 
  they repaid the war reparations early , and then used the industry they built up to make the country rich , in just a few decades . 
  they were n't parasites like you . 
  they were heroes . 
  they pulled the country up and made it rich . 
  and then they enjoyed the fruits of their labour . 
  if they were like you , we 'd still be an agrarian shithole . 
  so how about you instead take your own advice , get off your high horse and smell the shit you 're spitting out to try to justify your actions and their consequences ? 
  in case you 're wondering , `` why are these young immigrants not staying in their own countries and fixing them like we did with ours '' is a very popular opinion among their generation . 
  african states demonstrate advanced stages of uncontrolled emigration . 
  baltic states demonstrate early stages of uncontrolled emigration , as they only lost one generation to it so far , unlike african states that lost several . 
  even with that , it 's very bad in baltics today . 
  this issue dominates their political sphere , and is one of their biggest strategic threats . 
  uk presents the other end of the spectrum . 
  the severe damage done to working and middle class from this migration is showing with brexit vote , where many people were fully willing to take a worse economic outcome in short term just to curb the immigration and it 's long term detrimental effect on their lives . 
  his views are consistent with his beliefs of being in symbiotic relationship with his country . 
  your views are consistent with your beliefs of being in parasitic relationship with your country . 
  as your relationships with relevant states are starkly different , you are unable to find common ground in your discussion of your relevant roles within states . 
  this is employed right here in finland . 
  for example , if you get your pilot 's licence from armed forces , you are obliged to stay with them for over a decade , which includes severe curbs on your right of living in other countries . 
  heck , if i do n't go do my military service , i ca n't even get a passport for more than 6 months at a time , and i need to present evidence that i 'm not about to flee the country when doing so . 
  this had nothing to do with `` north korea '' . 
  it has everything to do with obligations individual has to the state that paid for his education . 
  and do you know why our country is better than yours , even though just 70 years ago , we were a war torn agrarian shit hole with crippling war debt that soviets were expecting to bring country crashing down and into their sphere of influence ? 
  the fact that people stayed during this massive hardship and built up the country . 
  from poor , agrarian shithole , into an industrial powerhouse economy . 
  and your country will stay a shithole or become even worse one because people flee it instead of doing the same . 
  all in the name of those who flee getting a better deal . 
  i say society has a right to recoup investment in raising and training you throughout your childhood . 
  do you consider switzerland undemocratic ? 
  many of their laws directly violate both , and all of them have been enacted by a popular vote . 
  they have severe constraints on religious freedom of muslims , they have very rigid and conservative rules when it comes to equality of sexes and so on . 
  all of those things are contrary to the spirit and at times letter of aforementioned factors . 
  but international law has no sovereign power over states . 
  which means that democratic state can indeed enact laws that are strictly against these things while remaining far more democratic than other places that do . 
  i am not talking about criminality . 
  i am talking about societal effects of migration of the kind you 're talking about , which is largely accepted as : 1 . 
  extremely harmful to country being left behind . 
  extremely harmful to middle class and working class of country being migrated to . 
  the only benefits are to the one migrating and to the rich owner class that can enjoy cheaper worker who demands less benefits . 
  in process , this migrations slowly degrades and eventually destroys both societies . 
  we can observe advanced stages of this destruction in african states that suffered from this brain drain for several decades , and early stages in baltic states which have largely emptied of native young population and are desperately compensating by bringing in gastarbeiters from even lower quality of life countries . 
  it 's a race to the bottom for everyone . 
  and the only ones who benefit are the ones moving and the very rich . 
  everyone else suffers . 
  and in the end , even those two will end up suffering for it , as society becomes worse to the point where this suffering will outweigh the long term benefits . 
  that is why we had brexit , which is just the first sign of how bad it is in target countries for countless people , and that 's why we have places like baltic states privately begging western and northern europe to limit this kind of migration , as they are effectively losing most of their youth after investing heavily in them . 
  like a hysteric anti-brexit protester , it 's either black or white for you . 
  no middle ground whatsoever . 
  not necessarily . 
  quite a few were simply in the know with such politicians , or enterprising people who simply knew how to use those who were in power . 
  essentially , it 's comparable to how military-industrial complex in us enriches itself . 
  at that level of wealth , you are going to be sitting at same dining tables as high level politicians , but in many cases , it 's you who are buying them and not them controlling you . 
  putin 's move was specifically to try to sever the commanding relationship between the owners of these industries and politicians . 
  he succeeded only partially , and in large part because he and his economists essentially believe in the same economic factors that his western counterparts do . 
  that limits him in exactly the same way as it does leaders in the west when it comes to disempowering oligarchic tendencies of super-rich . 
  i recommend studying greek democracy . 
  it debunks your silly suggestion far better than anything i could say . 
  i ca n't explain this idiotic claim that i never made . 
  it 's frankly utterly insane to even consider it . 
  i said countries are worse off . 
  baltics are massively worse off , and media has consistently reported that their leaders are begging west and north european leaders to put some kind of cap on migration because it 's devastating to their economies . 
  but that does n't make the country just magically vanish , any more than poverty makes a country vanish . 
  it just makes it worse off . 
  i would be a parasite , just like he was . 
  it 's not parasite 's job to not be one .
