  i recommend trying out other cars from 60s-70s as a point of comparison . 
  their response time is about as bad or worse . 
  it 's one of the areas where computerisation of cars has allowed response times to do down dramatically . 
  does this extremely deep scepticism of yours extend to statements that you agree with ? 
  have you ever quoted someone in support of your stance ? 
  if you have , you 're guilty of hypocrisy . 
  pretty sure most ladas , including one i had to drive had drum brakes on rear wheels and disks on front ones . 
  regardless , perhaps you just enjoy different things about cars than i do . 
  i do n't need power - i like a car that gives me a good feel of the road and is fairly difficult to drive . 
  in this regard , older cars are great , regardless of origin . 
  do note that i did include `` in good standing with their communist party bosses '' line . 
  do you know what they call losers in history ? 
  extinct . 
  we scandinavians fucked you over hard throughout the european middle ages because you could n't defend yourself . 
  you think black slavery was bad ? 
  look up what happened in times of vikings . 
  or what krimean khanate did to eastern and central europe . 
  because it had to , the moment it failed at slaving , it was destroyed . 
  primary driver of every state is survival , and when state grows big enough , danger merely grows . 
  your entire angle of `` feel guilty for your nation 's crimes '' is basically another version of christian concept of original sin . 
  i rejected that concept because i feel no guilt for what was done to jesus as i had no input in it , and i equally reject original sin of `` your country committed these crimes long ago '' . 
  learn from them , certainly . 
  feel ashamed or guilty ? 
  absolutely not . 
  that 's the point . 
  you actually feel the road with your hands . 
  wear driving gloves by the way . 
  they were popular because many older cars had thinner steering wheels . 
  modern cars are much easier to drive . 
  but a whole lot less fun . 
  in colonial age ? 
  did you read the history at all , or why colonialism existed ? 
  it was an arms race for resources . 
  if it did n't have them , it would have been made irrelevant by other competitors . 
  til : extreme left thinks nelson mandela was a liar on topics where they disagree with his statements . 
  are you suggesting that any state that exists today is innocent of those things , or that a state can exist without those base impulses and survive ? 
  but it requires removing it in spite of all the good he has done ? 
  note how seal figures out what he 's doing and starts crawling closer in spite of the noise of chainsaw . 
  my advice is to take it like that on a track . 
  nothing teaches you vehicle control like an old rear wheel drive car with no drive assist functionality on a slippery track . 
  it 's great fun . 
  correct . 
  like kroes , he 's `` our snake now '' to an extent . 
  while correct , prussia inherited most of the lands , culture and rulers of holy roman empire . 
  it was de jure demolished , not de facto . 
  one thing that started to rear its head in napolen 's time is nationalism , which made it much harder to impose order from outside nation state . 
  you do n't have a clue just how much work horses require to perform adequately , do you ? 
  i imagine it was still better than a horse or a donkey . 
  did n't they actually give them away by lottery among workers , as in a collectivist society you generally got rewarded based on the collective you belonged to ? 
  you obviously had to save up and pay for it , but who actually got the car was given away by lottery in which all those with money saved and in good standing with their communist party bosses could participate in . 
  or do i remember my history lessons wrong ? 
  is this similar to what we had with some russian mothers ? 
  they lose custody and start blaming the local child protection services because they know that child protection services are bound by oath of silence and can not refute any accusations ? 
  i remember the biggest case ended up with court findings getting into public hands a couple of years after the fact , which showed that mother suffered from a severe case of long-diagnosed schizophrenia which got bad enough in the end that child services had to act . 
  my point is , do n't belive the party with vested interests before you hear the entire case . 
  in other words , the same school of thought as that of racists , simply representing anti-white racism instead of former anti-black and anti-oriental one . 
  same ideology , different target . 
  that argument banks on sieged party not being an aggressive expansionist . 
  in other words , it would only apply if israel did not consistently expand into occupied west bank , or blockade gaza . 
  gaza is indeed under externally imposed siege . 
  it can not choose to lift the siege . 
  israel 's problems on the other hand are largely self-inflicted , an consequence of aggressive expansionism and people being sieged defending themselves . 
  at some point , it obviously became dependent on both sides of the conflict , but it 's fairly obvious which side has the ability to unilaterally lift the siege going on in israel , and that is the one with military power and aggressive expansion into territory of the other party . 
  i 'll just quote martin luther king to demonstrate that in our society , extremist feminists have already replaced racists : `` i have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character . '', 
  to feminists just like to racists , gender and sex play an important role of their identity , whereas anti-racist movement headed by mlk specifically advocated for ignoring these factors and judging based on character of the person instead . 
  notably extremist feminism has also rebranded judging a person by their character as racism in their circles , as has been seen in their initial reactions to what happened in cologne . 
  effectively they stand for all the basic values that mlk and his anti-racist movement fought against , and as such have de facto replaced racists . 
  a state in perpetual state of siege with strict segregation among ethnic lines ? 
  no thank you . 
  we may be seeing the same effect we saw with neelie kroes and undoing several large cartels both inside and outside eu . 
  when a person with significant insider experience of the system enters the european commission as commissar of their specific field and view it as a pinnacle of their career , they end up using their vast experience and knowledge for the benefit of the people . 
  jean-claude junker is nothing if not knowledgeable on exactly how these taxation schemes are set up and how they work in practice . 
  potatoes go to ireland . 
  there is a bit of sense in that as we were the grand dutchy of rusian empire , that state in fact fell apart during bolshevik revolution , and we were one of the parts where legally russian tsar remained the grand duke until our constitution was eventually updated . 
  it still does n't make sense because our constitution was updated to reflect our independence , even though there was an attempt to install another grand duke during the period after our independence and before the second world war . 
  i would still argue that germany has much stronger rights in this regard however , because seccession path of roman empire  holy roman empire  prussia  germany is more clear . 
  finland was grand dutchy of russian empire for a period that lasted over a century , specifically during 1809-1917 period . 
  it started after swedish defeat in finnish war between sweden and russia and ended when lenin signed our declaration of independence after becoming the head of what emerged from bolshevik revolution in russia . 
  there are few things as concrete in life as a car accident with significant personal injury as an outcome . 
  how much is your life worth in your mind ? 
  and because of it , we have what , 1/3 of traffic deaths of us ? 
  in spite of having harsh winters that bring highly challenging driving conditions with them . 
  do n't know about you , but i like the fact that i 'm far less likely to die in a car accident , and find that money spent on driving school in this regard was money well spent . 
  except that this money does n't go to the government , but to the driving school . 
  you two should just get a room . 
  your first reason pretty much sums it up . 
  a400m was supposed to have been delivered , and long term logistical infrastructure plans were drawn accordingly . 
  then delays hit one after another , and as a result france finds itself lacking in transporter aircraft needed to shift materiel quickly . 
  you can do shipping for large shipments , but you need aerial logistics for quick deployment . 
  one with electrodes . 
  as it sounds like you are in desperate need of psychiatric intervention , and having one may make electric shock treatment cheaper . 
  problem being that eu elite distanced itself too far from constituency . 
  blaming constituency for this is like blaming hands for theft . 
  country is called `` belarus '' . 
  fyi . 
  it 's not russia . 
  the reason why i used it as an example is because of shills like you generally lacking self-awareness to a point where you do n't realise that you 're not arguing against a shill from the other side , but someone who is actually knowledgeable on multiple aspects of the topic at hand . 
  hence your knee-jerk copy-paste of `` russophobia '' outing you . 
  in other words , you do not know the difference between them . 
  fair enough .
