  there 's no need to address points that are made on patently absurd purely marxist principles with no regard to reality . 
  it 's enough to simply debunk the underlying basis , as i have done , as that demolished the points . 
  i can see why brexit folks called this propaganda `` project fear '' now that it 's starting to spill over to mainland . 
  good lord . 
  the statement is the exact opposite of the text in the topic . 
  you really dodged the war that resulted from splitting of yugoslavia with that one too . 
   truth is , german nationalism was never really a thing . 
  i rest my case . 
  sure . 
  let 's discuss the blessings of unified europe from those 80-odd years ago since you 're inclined to do that . 
  do you think unification was a good thing ? 
   do n't be salty pls , be happy for us . 
  `` we lost the referendum , we 're salty as fuck , and we 'll tell others pointing this out to us to not be salty '' . 
  oooooookay . 
  yes , many people in germany are absolutely crushed by the guilt , and see nationalism as some kind of an inherently evil thing . 
  that 's one of the main reasons why putting germany in political control over europe , as will happen with uk exit is a suicidal endeavour . 
  people who hate themselves and their national identity to such extreme are dangerous both to themselves and those around them . 
  as merkel 's behaviour with migrant crisis demonstrated , they will not stop until their very nationality is destroyed by their own hands . 
  `` guys , this was true 40 years ago , so it 's true today '' . 
  guess what . 
  80 years ago , we had a unified europe . 
  do we need to go on on these idiotic strawman arguments ? 
   nobody benefits more from the eu and its constant expansion of regulations and higher standards for the protection of people 's life , health and safety than working class people . 
  i 'll try to make this simple . 
  no one loses as much as working people . 
  this is because while on top , opportunities increase with freedom of movement , on the bottom , opportunities collapse , due to cheap unskilled immigration willing to take lower wages . 
  you make an excellent example of the ivory tower mentality i mentioned above . 
  you are utterly incapable of comprehending what the actual struggles of working class are . 
  instead you merely project your imagination onto the problem , and think that inventions of your imagination are in fact equal to reality . 
  funnily enough , you are also incapable of seeing why wealthy are on the other side of the fence either . 
  for them , there are generally two major priorities : 1 . 
  maintain stable status quo to stay wealthy . 
  freedom of movement enables opportunity . 
  i 'm going to guess that you 're a very privileged young adult or child who does n't really understand how to the world works at all , as you managed to miss motivations for both the lower strata of society , as well as upper ones . 
  scotland is just one part of the union . 
  union voted as a whole . 
  you lost . 
  democracy sucks at times , but you voted and you lost . 
  sounds like german approach to migrant crisis . 
  and debt crisis . 
  wait , does that mean this is their modus operandi when it comes to major crises ? 
  that would be one sided colonialism , not federalism . 
  they most certainly did not take orders from india , or let africans make their laws . 
  the upper class rarely leave their gated communities and communicate with plebs . 
  just look at reactions we 've seen from some people to the vote results . 
  many appear genuinely scandalized that plebs dared to vote incorrectly . 
  you have n't left yet . 
  the implication that `` europe '' was a state , and it collapsed and needs `` rebuilding '' demonstrates complete lack of even basic comprehension of what continent of europe actually contains . 
  we are europeans second , in some cases third . 
  first we are our contries ' nationals . 
  second , we may be a part of whatever more specific national identity we have , such as scot , catalan and so on . 
  `` europeans '' have little in common . 
  you 're comparing russians to portugese , british to greek and finns to italians . 
  these cultures are polar opposites in many ways . 
  stop trying to shove a round peg into a square hole . 
  europhilic crowd is very much living in ivory towers . 
  you could see this in brexit coverage . 
  wealthy people from upper class were genuinely scandalized that those poverty ridden subhumans from working class actually dared to vote incorrectly . 
  right , french who are far more eurosceptic that brits are for federation . 
  do you think us idiots or something ? 
  as a north european and net payer , i can tell you that portion of people that hold his opinion are very much in minority . 
  they just hold the positions of power and control media . 
  populace is tolerating them , for now . 
  frankly , if they were to do what he 's saying they 're going to do , they 'll have a union of germany . 
  and maybe , perhaps , luxembourg . 
  everyone else will leave . 
  like most people , we want the common market and stability it brings with it . 
  political power grabs , they can take and shove where the sun does n't shine . 
  pretty much everyone outside the gemanic axis of influence . 
  and even that got eroded hard with austria basically telling germany to go fuck itself recently in the border issue . 
  considering that french are typically more eurosceptic than british , and that with british exit , they are basically the junior partner in eu and semi-underlings of germany , i do n't see them being fans of increase of eu power of any kind . 
  right now , the whole `` let 's push for more europe '' demonstrates just how big the chasm between the elite and the people has become . 
  even when faced with reality that eu simply does n't work all that well for many people , and simply destroys lives for many more , they continue to pretend that there 's nothing wrong outside the walls of their gated communities . 
  and that is the single biggest threat to eu today . 
  if you want to see eu collapse on itself , sure . 
  push for it . 
  assumptions based on consistent stupidity and ignorance in above posts : 1 . 
  all parties are stable and in connection with their electorate by default . 
  gop is somehow exceptional , and bringing it back to connection with its electorate will `` kill it '' , rather than do the exact opposite . 
  seriously , you 'd think after brexit vote , which was an exceptionally clear cut case that in anglo world major parties are increasingly disconnected from mainstream populace and increasingly incapable of actually getting their goals pushed through do to this chasm , folks like you would learn . 
  but nope , you keep stepping on the same rake , with absurd pride in it no less . 
  assumption that people vote based on racist agenda . 
  this is common for marxists , who think that people vote alongside their identitarian political lines , rather than interests . 
  it 's fairly clear from looking at trump rallies that he commands a significant support among the very ethnic groups you suggest are necessary . 
  hint : those who are in country legally see their wages depressed by illegals . 
  it 's not in their interests to see illegal immigration . 
  if you doubt this , ask your own muslim population what they think about new arrivals . 
  not that you 'd believe them , because unfortunately the liberal regressive marxist views that you espouse specifically remove any kind of agency from individual people , and only grant agency to `` identity groups '' . 
  which of course you elect speakers for , who will say nothing that you would n't want to hear . 
  least they be removed from the position of being approved by to speak for their groups through social exclusion tactics . 
  state structures necessary to run an imperial state . 
  these typically include significantly increased foreign policy and foreign intelligence units , military configured for significant offensive force projection capability far from one 's borders and so on . 
   that is not my point , the size is not the most important part which defines agressivness of externall policy size is in direct relation to aggressiveness of foreign policy in overwhelming majority of cases . 
  i 'm frankly flabbergasted that anyone would suggest otherwise . 
  it 's self-evident fact . 
  if you do n't have many people and imperial structures to support aggressive stance , you do n't have much of offensive capacity . 
  i find it hilarious how folks who hate on trump forget their own arguments in just a couple of months , and then rehash them . 
  again and again . 
  do a google search on arguments used by folks like you against trump just a few months ago , when it came to primaries . 
  it was literally the same argument , minus the `` it 's just the fringe , gop mainstream will never elect him '' .
