  there 's a limit to wilful ignorance . 
  that statement goes far beyond them and well into `` malicious ignorance '' territory . 
  i have made a point of making a charitable interpretations of your ignorance so far , and assume ignorance . 
  i will stop doing so now , because with your last line it 's very clear that your ignorance is malicious in nature . 
   you 're saying they were starving more than others ( 80 % of victims were ukrainian ) , because they produced most of the food ? 
  that is the angle that most historians agree with . 
  when you are the country that is in the centre of the `` black soil '' belt , you 're going to take the brunt of the deaths from crop failure and mandatory crop confiscations . 
   soviets banned the emigration from most of the ukrainian ssr at that time . 
  soviets banned all emigration throughout the region . 
  however it 's generally easier to escape from the edges of territory on which control is centred than from the middle of it , simply because there 's far less chance of getting caught . 
   soviets did `` national operations '' where they executed or expelled hundreds of tousands of people just because of their ethnicity . 
  how do you explain that ? 
  stalinisation policies . 
  stalin had a systemic policy of exterminating `` enemy peoples '' . 
  ukrainians were never in this category . 
  this was usually extended to smaller minorities that he viewed as those that could rebel against his brutal regime . 
  most of such deaths were not through executions however , but through prison labour in extreme conditions . 
  in other words , what happened was that people were uprooted and sent to specific region , usually where soviet union needed cheap workforce . 
  things like mines , laying rail and roadways , electrification , telephony , and so on . 
   of course not . 
  they had it worse because they were inconvenient . 
  what does it change ? 
  russians were the `` main '' ethnicity ussr was built on , so they had to be convenient , the rest had less luck . 
  you have a really fucked up idea of what `` luck '' is , because it appears that you think that having the most victims from stalinisation among them was `` luck '' . 
  frankly , if you genuinely believe this and not just using this out of ignorance , you are a disgusting human being . 
   state was called soviet russia just few years before . 
  no , the republic was called that , and it was called that after too . 
  every single member republic of union of soviet socialist republics , aka ussr was called a [ name of the republic ] soviet solialist republic . 
  for example : russian soviet socialist repulic . 
  ukrainian soviet socialist republic . 
  armenian soviet socialist republic . 
  georgian soviet socialist repulic . 
  tajik soviet socialist republic . 
  need i go on ? 
  which has no relation to what i stated . 
  cultural relevance on basic concepts and your personal religious beliefs are two very different things . 
  i 'll once more give you a benefit of a doubt and assume ignorance on your part here rather than malice . 
   economy was the problem for the people inside . 
  their totalitarism , expansionism and imperialism were problems for them and for half of the world . 
  who was this person talking to , in what language and in what context ? 
  great , we now have successfully agreed that he was in fact talking about internal economy . 
  end of story . 
  if you are so interested in projecting historic issues caused by a state that no longer exists , why do you wish to do this only for the one of the states in the region with difficult history when it comes to subjugation of surrounding peoples ? 
  again , these words were said * in a very specific context * . 
  you are attempting to take them out of context , and put them into a completely different one because your argument collapses without this lie . 
   nobody thinks of basques or catalans but spanish , or nobody was thinking of irish or cornish or indian but english . 
  this is so patently false , i 'm not going to even address this beyond general scorn at `` i need to not think about them to make my point , therefore i will make a claim that no one does '' . 
  above sovereign territory of another state ? 
  especially now that russians actually have the entire region scanned with their radar hardware ? 
  the only reliable sources are going to be spy satellites and local spies . 
  which will eventually figure it out . 
  i guess whoever approved this on iraninan side figured they 'd have some time to prepare the populace for the idea . 
   yes , these things play differently to the home crowd . 
  but let 's not pretend muslims are ignorant savages . 
  you appear to think that to have islamist culture is to be savage . 
  again , this is normal in those countries . 
  you thinking it 's savage , well that 's `` racism '' . 
  and they 're clearly just pushing back against it . 
  problem being that you are projecting western values upon ambassador in question . 
  he 's not a western man , and has no such values . 
  his values are starkly different , and his duties are likely viewed through the lens of his culture , just like you view his actions though western cultural lens and arrive to conclusion you arrived to . 
  my guess is that if this ever actually becomes meaningful , they will do what middle eastern leaders always do when they need to behave like people like you expect them to . 
  they 'll hire a western pr agency to coach them on what they need to say , because they genuinely can not do it without such help . 
  their culture is simply too starkly different to offer any help on the matter . 
  to them , this video was their best effort to defuse the situation the best they could from their own perspective . 
  what you are looking is that cultural clash that is causing the problems across europe with the large influx of middle eastern men who simply have little to nothing in common with us culturally . 
  with medical assistance and small amounts , yes . 
  without medical assistance and with large amounts , no . 
  any leading politician needs to be a populist , simply because he needs to show people that he actually cares about them . 
  it 's rather hard to get people to be lead by you in a democratic society when they do n't believe you to care about them one iota . 
  russia is the little shaitan to us 's big shaitan in iran . 
  you do n't go public with the fact that you have usage of a base in that kind of state , because public backlash from more conservative people will be massive . 
  it 's really not . 
  systemic violence needs to be stopped with systemic actions , and not left for desperate people to have to be heroes and often sacrifice their lives just to try to stop the terrorism . 
  so we can have less heroes who have to die to at least slow down the deaths . 
  it 's a well known problem . 
  plastic just breaks into smaller flakes and does n't degrade , so it gets stuck in animal stomachs until it eventually kills them . 
  and animals that consume things from water where plastic waste is prevalent end up with a lot of is in their stomachs . 
  you appear to think that this is n't a mindset generally shared amount islamic peoples of middle east . 
  in reality , many of them will be nodding to the words of this interview . 
  it 's one of the biggest cultural conflicts we have with them . 
  it 's a very common way middle easterners from iraq explain why they do n't think that western lives have any worth . 
  they 're kuffar , they drink , they 're immoral on group level , they 're racist towards the islamist ubermench , they do n't submit to allah . 
  all in all , they 're absolutely worthless people , less than people even , just immoral beasts . 
  why would anyone care if a good iraqi man savagely beat such a beast to half death ? 
  at worst , he was just defending himself from becoming a victim to this immoral beast , and due to his brave actions , he managed to not become a victim of the beast . 
  and the beast he beat up obviously was n't his victim either , because it was just a natural state of things for a good man to beat up a beast to defend himself . 
  and he is actually so good , that he will pray for the beast to not die of the wounds he inflicted upon him , because he is merciful ( and because he wants this whole mess to go away ) . 
  28 times the quota of participants , not even 3 times the medals . 
  that 's a pretty crushing defeat . 
  french police ca n't stop them specifically because to all the migrants , life is cheap . 
  they 'll just attack the police , as they have done in the past . 
  and when police retaliates , it 'll be world news `` police brutality against brown people '' . 
  so they do the only option they have . 
  police the specific spots before the tunnel with resources they have . 
  not at all . 
  look at spain or great britain . 
  in governance and state bureaucracy over decades . 
  none of these leaders commanded a union of autonomous republics . 
  they all commanded far more unified state structures .
