  on one hand , you want to hammer as much impurities out as possible . 
  on the other hand , the more you hammer and fold , the less carbon remains in the steel . 
  that 's why you had to be extremely skilled to make a katana , which cost a fortune due to amount of work , and skill involved . 
  whereas european style sword became fairly cheap while being more usable due to superior steel quality , because all you really needed was a slab of decent quality european crucible steel and someone who knew how to hammer it into a proper shape , quench and temper it . 
  you 're confusing the role of hammering in early iron swords that only had steel on the surface with iron as the heart of the sword to one used in swords made entirely out of steel . 
  when you hammer at steel , you primarily use to shape and surface harden it , because much of impurity filtering is done in the forge , rather than by hammering it in case of european sword smithing . 
  you have to remember that energy of the hammer impacts ignites carbon on the surface , burning it away , so if you only have carbon on the surface of the sword , as was the case with pre-crucible steel swords , hammering severely reduces the carbon content of the steel . 
  that 's where most of the sparks you see flying off as you hammer come from . 
  it 's the carbon being burned off , alongside some other impurities . 
  japanese sword smiths had terrible quality iron to work with , so they had to hammer out the impurities , as they could not control for them in the source . 
  that 's why they had to make those thin folds which were folded and hammered out time and time again , and why it required so much skill to make a katana . 
  hammer it too little , and you get too much impurity in the blade , making it prone to breaking . 
  hammer too much , and steel becomes too soft to be useful as a sword due to lowered carbon content . 
  because katana is essentially a large amount of surface folded upon itself . 
  which gives many of the problems of managing the carbon content of the early steel swords that had the iron core . 
  these problems are absent in european metallurgy that worked with better quality source material and as such smiths could simply take an ingot and hammer it into shape straight away , instead of having to make extremely thin folds than would then be slowly folded into a thick sword . 
  as a result hammering is not as harmful to the crucible steel that comes from high quality iron , as that allows for tightly controlled and uniformly spread carbon content within material . 
  so burning carbon off just from the surface is not as harmful , as you still retain optimal carbon content within the steel beneath the surface . 
  that is of course the case for just hammering out a relatively thick sword from a single steel ingot . 
  it actually weakens the steel , because it requires hammering it out more , which reduced carbon content within the steel . 
  which in turn makes steel softer and weaker . 
  what it does is help to remove impurities from the steel , so if you 're working with low quality steel , folding is one of the techniques that helps to control for that , at the cost of having lower carbon content . 
  it 's a trade off that you would not want to use if you have high grade source material that is low on impurities . 
  there 's actual metallurgical reason for the results . 
  japanese steel is of vastly inferior quality to european steel due to the way it 's sourced ( quality of iron ore in europe vs iron sands in japan ) . 
  that means that they needed to control the impurities within steel far more than european counterparts to avoid catastrophic failures within the blade . 
  this results in japanese smiths using complex techniques known as steel folding to strengthen the low quality steel and allow them to hammer out the impurities as they go . 
  unfortunately this tends to result in too low carbon content in the steel because as you hammer out the steel , carbon contents of the steel burn out ( that 's where the sparks you see during hammering of the steel into shape largely come from ) , which makes steel softer . 
  which is what you see in the picture - katana bends at point of contact . 
  it 's steel is softer due to lower carbon content . 
  even more interestingly , this trend continued all the way to ww2 . 
  it was especially visible in imperial japanese navy warships , structural steel used in which required far more work and often heavier internal structure because steel used for internal bulkheads was softer and bent easier than steel used in european and us vessels . 
  this was one of the many reasons why us was able to easily outproduce imperial japan in shipbuilding . 
  they had far better source material for the steel used in construction , which meant less energy and work spent per comparable vessel and higher quality end product . 
  this is because lower weight due to higher quality steel needing less of it meant more payload systems like weapon systems or alternatively less displacement for better hydrodynamics . 
  essentially , steel folding is not something that is inherently beneficial . 
  it can be , especially if your iron quality is distinctly low . 
  but if you 're working with high quality material , as many european smiths did , it is usually more beneficial to just hammer out a single steel ignot straight into the shape of a sword , ensuring high carbon content in the steel making it extremely hard . 
  i have provided you with an objective real life example to contrary . 
  the only thing you found to support your claim was `` but i found this quote in a dictionary , that i do n't really understand the context of '' . 
  i recommend considering the context next time you attempt to argue this particular way . 
  and yes , there would be a significant economic and political attack on germany should such massive and dramatic shift occur , as germany denying us access to its bases would cripple us military projection capability across key regions in middle east . 
  this would call for immediate and very significant retaliation as to not lose face in international dealings , as such event would impose severe costs on us both in terms of military power and economic as well as political impact . 
  of course , considering that when you 're in the sphere of influence , you cede much of control over your foreign policy to the power who 's sphere of influence you 're in , such occurrence is highly unlikely . 
  frankly , us intelligence services are not so utterly awful as to allow someone holding anti-us views as radical as you suggest above survive as a politician . 
  i made the exact opposite point actually . 
  i do n't think appeasement works . 
  i think integration as `` you 're our national first and foremost '' does . 
  to think of this as `` appeasement '' is frankly absurd , as that 's exact opposite . 
  i went to great lengths to emphasize that you should demand loyalty to your state in exchange for granting citizenship . 
  i will simply quote you the old british diplomat from al jazeera english 's `` head to head '' show from many years ago . 
  `` europe 's problem is that it does n't have foreign policy . 
  it has us ' foreign policy '' . 
  that was on episode where they were interviewing rasmussen right after he stepped down , long before the current issues in ukraine came to the surface . 
  i still remember that quote because it was an excellent descriptor of the situation , delivered in traditionally exceedingly polite-yet-blunt matter-of-fact british way . 
  so i guess we 're somewhat in agreement , it 's just that you prefer to think of large european states as more of a sort of kind of independent in term of foreign policy than i. 
  i 'm guessing you 're now talking about latvia , because poland most certainly does not have a problem with `` not being perceived as a real country '' . 
  i have a significant degree of sympathy for plight of people in the baltics , in spite of what i see as utterly idiotically reactionary and ideologically purist way of managing the problem which exacerbated it severely over last decade . 
  your entire problem with `` not being a real country '' is a matter of frankly , low national self esteem and odd focus on ethnocentrism over nationalism . 
  allow me to elaborate . 
  instead of pushing the grey passports on your minority russians and insisting that they are in fact russian russians rather than latvian russians , you should have instead shown them that they are latvians first by issuing the relevant citizenship to them . 
  had a us-style vow to the latvian state as they get the passports . 
  in russian . 
  and then advertise it to the rest of the population . 
  that they 're latvian russians , not russians in latvia . 
  that even when they keep their own language , they make the vow to the state of latvia , as latvian citizens . 
  and ban dual citizenship . 
  that 's how you integrate people . 
  nationalism . 
  your oath and duty is to your state , not to your ethnic background . 
  you can see this method used across large european empires that got significant populations with far more divergent cultures and ethnicities . 
  and the only ideology so far that truly resisted this kind of integration beyond short term resistance is islamic , which your russians most certainly are not . 
  instead you did the exact opposite , and made them stateless . 
  and now , you 're pissed because these people tend to dismiss you as `` not a real state '' . 
  but that 's the reaction to your actions . 
  you made them stateless , which forces them to dismiss importance of your state , or view themselves as inferior . 
  and people really do n't like thinking themselves inferior , unless you forcibly indoctrinate original sin-style ideology into them . 
  that 's the difference between nationalism and ethnocentrism . 
  and the reason why you 're getting as much flak for your actions as you do is because you went with the latter over the former . 
  and now , these chickens are coming home to roost . 
  so emphasize your nation state . 
  and stop focusing on ethnicity . 
   sphere of influence involves exclusivity . 
  this claim , presented with no merits , does not stand to any kind of real scrutiny . 
  germany makes a good case to point . 
  it has a huge trade with russia , and yet it would be utterly idiotic to argue that it 's not in the us sphere of influence . 
  it is good in many cases . 
  my objection is not with `` good '' or `` bad '' . 
  my objection is with the claim above that `` this is about not being a part of sphere of influence '' . 
  which is objectively a lie . 
  are you suggesting that vw is not a german company that enjoys significant backing within german state , which is in part one of the reasons why vw has been as successful with its expansion into other states and by extension , the remarkable lack of reaction within eu structures tasked with monitoring the problems with regulation conformity and penalizing the violators ? 
  which is obviously true for all large states supporting their multinationals . 
  one without fault can cast first rock here . 
  but it most certainly does not absolve germany in this scenario . 
  it just means that `` any other state in this position would do the same '' . 
  which never works as excuse when you 're actually caught . 
  as is the case with vw and emissions on car diesels . 
  overwhelming majority of pollution in central cities in european states with stringent exhaust controls on both automotive and industrial power plants tends to come from diesel emissions . 
  most of the worst kinds of diesel emissions where in fact eliminated in heavy duty trucks ever since exhaust catalytic converters and adblue ( essentially urea ) mist injection into exhaust was made mandatory and amounts that need to be used were enforced . 
  same is not true for light vehicle diesels where standards were relaxed , adblue mist injection is done in amounts that are less than 10 % of that used in trucks per volume of exhaust , and vw scandal showed that they tweaked controls of the relevant automotive diesel engines to burn fuel in a significantly more polluting manner to produce more power .
