  story is the exact way of making sure this will not stick . 
  it will cause rejection reaction among the people , provide ammunition to the opposition as mentioned above , and severely hamper the progress . 
   but i 've also not seen a proof that they 'd be changing the trend of values of entire european countries at this point . 
  you have n't ? 
  really ? 
  brexit , rise of the right wing populist politics etc did n't happen in your world , did it ? 
  jews leaving france , did n't happen in your world ? 
  exactly . 
  and our take on it is that this should be a relationship of actual marriage , which we long redefined to be a realtionship between socially equal , or close to equal partners , rather than simple transfer of ownership of person of severely lower social status . 
  of acceptance on universal level , rather than just the old adage of `` master can do whatever he wants with his property , as long as it does n't harm other people of notable social status '' . 
  and that is why we are so extremely deviant . 
  we accept it . 
  almost no culture throughout human civilization 's existent ever has . 
  and it 's on us to try to make this change stick , rather than be just one transient phase in our history . 
  and for that , acts like one in the topic are extremely damaging . 
  because one of the main arguments against gradual change is `` if we give them this , they 'll ask for more ( which society is not anywhere close to being willing to accept at that point ) '' . 
  so society ends up giving nothing . 
  not sure what statistics you reference , but significant increase in homophobia has been visible in france , uk and germany just to name a few states . 
  but you do indeed state well that `` impact is not big * enough * '' , which makes your point valid regardless . 
  that particular weasel word basically makes your entire argument imprevious to any critique - and also ensures that you say absolutely nothing with it . 
  `` people beating homosexuals on the street ? 
  not big enough . '', 
  that happens in france and uk muslim areas by the way . 
  just read the stories of homosexual muslims fleeing these communities . 
  of course it is n't . 
  now however , all the points are laid out and it 's factually visible that he fails at the very basics of islam , which i factually correct him on . 
  when you try lying by omission , problem is that when you stop omitting important parts , your lie comes apart on merits instead . 
  if you 're a dumb script kiddie and really want to get caught . 
  state actors are not in that category . 
   there 's no `` myth '' about it . 
  if you want to understand what homosexuality was like in antiquity you just cited one of the exceptions . 
   you need look no further than the middle east , much of which still has the same attitudes as our forebears did . 
  older guys fuck younger guys all the time , and it 's accepted . 
  no , it is not . 
  what is accepted is avoidance of worse deviancy of extramarital sex by accepting specific levels of another deviancy , that being pedophiliac homosexuality . 
  try having western-style acceptance of homosexuality * regardless of social status * and you 'll find yourself hanging from a noose . 
  for a reason . 
  you appear to think that this form of deviant sexuality is considered a positive , normal thing in places where it is accepted . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's considered a necessary moral evil to avoid what is judged as even greater moral evil . 
  there is no moral good in this story . 
   of course there have been cultures that have been hostile to homosexuality but they are by no means the default . 
  they absolutely are . 
  of two examples you listed in your very short list , one is in fact such a culture , and another was such a culture in large part , but also had interstatus relations of specific kind ( notably related to relations between what was essentially servants and masters ) . 
  in all of those cultures , homosexuality should it occur among equals was considered evil form of deviancy to be hidden and never shown to the public . 
  i 'm talking about the world , because this is a cultural issue that is prone to cultural import/export , unlike education which is something you compare it to . 
  you may not have noticed , but we have increased intolerance of homosexuals in countries that suffer from significant immigration from outside western world . 
  this matters . 
  and the primary way to fix this is through slow and steady cultural export , by depressing the levels of our relative deviancy to the current norm to make it acceptable elsewhere , and then slow and steady transformation . 
  just as it occurred in the western world itself . 
  the current ramming point in against wishes of the people within countries , as shown here , does nothing but galvanise the opposition and underscore that this behaviour is a deviancy that is not yet universally accepted even across europe as a norm . 
  which empowers the opposition within and without and severely diminishes any chance we have of making this a long term cultural shift . 
  problem being that `` this is ok '' is a moral judgement based on our point of view . 
  from point of view of average muslim for example , we are immoral heretics who in their extreme wealth and lack of faith are nothing but evil people who drag others with them to tortures of hell . 
  and there 's well over billion of people that subscribe to this across the world in just that one cultural umbrella . 
  there are quite a few others , as there are well over seven billion of us on this planet , and the main increase in population is not happening in cultures that are currently accepting ones . 
  we are the deviants at the moment . 
  and that is a very important realisation to come to . 
  because this is what needs to change if we are to secure these cultural changes for future generations , rather than being yet another short period of deviant levels of acceptance that passes with time , as it happened with couple of exceptions to this before . 
  this is quite an important thing to understand . 
  our values are subscribed by minority of people in this world even today , and we 're backsliding . 
  so focusing on minutiae in our own countries loses the focus on universal acceptance of some kind , all while empowering the opposition as this kind of brute forcing tends to create opposition where gradual shift would have created little . 
  a good starting point for considering this is to consider the history of gay rights in our own states , and how it slowly evolved into what they are today . 
  a well subscribed myth . 
  in reality , throughout the times all the way to modernity ( which is still widespread across the world and forms a majority ) your family decided your coupling , looking from the point of priorities of the family . 
  if you were wealthy enough , or had high enough social status , you were allowed various forms of sexual deviancy . 
  in this case the word is used in its proper meaning , being `` deviates from normal '' . 
  if you were a lower class person , homosexuality was still condemned severely across the board . 
  there are a couple of exception to this rule throughout history , which merely reinforce the fact that it was in fact normal to address significant deviations from basic values that form societal fabric , such as who was allowed to couple with who . 
  this is far from being limited to homosexuality . 
  coupling outside accepted social status for said individual was commonly condemned , often in a very similar way . 
  you . 
  you consistently quote tiny parts of complex factual explanations , and then arrange them to look supposedly incorrect . 
  this is a form of lying known as lie by omission . 
  you omit large parts of complex explanation entirely to change the message . 
  and consistency with which you did it above suggests malice rather than ignorance as motivation . 
  when you 're gay and frustrated anywhere , remember there 's uganda . 
  and if you 're gay and frustrated in uganda , remember , there is pretty much entire islamic world . 
  current narrative tends to make most people around here forget that countries that treat homosexuality , especially public `` in your face '' kind reasonably by our standards are but a tiny minority in the world , and as such , distinctly abnormal . 
  normal in the world today is that gays are freaks , criminals and mentally ill people . 
  as it was throughout the history . 
  please . 
  originate them from russia . 
  that 's how you generally do it to cover your trails . 
  that 's what you have compromised machines for . 
  there 's an old saying in it security . 
  when you see what looks like a government attack originated from specific country 's internet protocol addresses , you know it was n't that country doing it . 
  it 's an argument of entirety of the system being set against such actions . 
  so yes , you presenting that argument is a part of proof for his thesis . 
   the only fact that you provided is that wahhabism is not a madhhab which is something that / u/lkartf4 never claimed . 
  i will simply point out that this is a bold faced lie , as plenty of facts were provided to correct ignorance of that user above on multiple points on contention . 
  the current russian rail gauge is merely refinement of russian imperial rail gauge which is what we have . 
  it was standardised during the time when finland was a grand duchy of russian empire . 
  we have a wider loading gauge however , which was used before the connection between grand duchy and russian imperial mainland was connected . 
  loading gauge is the height and width of trains allowed ( due to things like tunnel clearances , which are very tight on trains ) . 
  i see we 're not going to find any common ground . 
  you 're clearly set on finding excuse for your bigotry regardless of merit , to the point where you will seek to limit definitions of words to those sanctioned by you . 
  another common point practiced by extremists . 
  i will simply restate that you have in fact admitted to bigotry , and the only point of contention you keep raising is that your bigotry is excusable , and protected features listed in declaration of human rights are not applicable to your bigotry because you have `` benevolent goals '' . 
  i will also remind you that same excuse applies to essentially every institutional bigot in history , all the way down to hitler himself , and rest my case .
